Amazing value at this 2nd floor hidden gem. The lunch special is only $9.50 and comes with two dishes, rice and naan. I'm usually tempted to order an additional side, like maligatawny or samosas, but honestly the portions are very large and filling without the sides!The alo gobi (cauliflower, potatoes and peas) comes in a tomato sauce and is slightly spicy. The chicken tikka marsala is fresh, juicy, creamy and full of that hearty goodness you are looking for. Look out, the chicken vindaloo is spicy! Would recommend a variety of meat and vegetable dishes. Everything is spiced perfectly and slow cooked. Service is excellent, and there is ample seating. Plus they rock out to some authentic Indian tunes, so you kinda feel like you're in a spa. Satisfy that Indian craving!
Found this little secret of paradise. We arrived on a Saturday afternoon at 5pm and were seated right away.  The food was amazing! Garlic nan melts in your mouth. When we left there were people lined up outside the door.
Great curry options and great portion. We ordered Lamb Curry and Chicken Vindaloo for delivery, along with veggie samosa and mango lassi. I usually dislike chicken breast meat used for curry, but the meat in my vindaloo was surprisingly tender for chicken breast. I requested very spicy, which I have to admit, got a decent amount of heat but not to the point it's inedibly spicy. My husband's lamb curry had some great flavors, and the lamb was very tender. My only suggestion to this place is to hire someone competent for delivery. I mean if there's an apartment number listed on the order, it should be very self-explanatory. Unfortunately our delivery guy was beyond my comprehension. He was on my floor, there are pretty obvious signs on the wall showing which apartment is on which side, so I was very confused why it took him 5+min plus 3 phone calls to me to find our apartment. I mean I don't live in a maze, what do you want me to do, give you detailed Google map instructions from wherever you are at to my apartment? Anyways, please please hire someone who can read apartment numbers so I can order again.
Went there for a quick lunch. They had launch combos which you can pay for 13 bucks if I remember right and you got to choose two types of curries. We had two people so we got to choose four different kinds of curries. I did not really like their vegetable curry - the spicy lamb was pretty good. they gave out one nang per order. Here is the point I am a huge nang fan but I think their nang is too hard (over-baked).
Where to begin? The food was truly excellent. If not the best Indian I've ever had, definitely top 3. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan. Both were amazing. To top it all off there was no wait when I came (Tuesday 8:30pm) and received excellent service while there. My cup was never empty, my meal arrived promptly, when finished they quickly cleaned my table and brought my check. The ambience was very comfy and would be great for small groups, a date, or even by yourself. All of that for $20, great deal in NYC.I would strongly recommend a visit.
It's a few blocks from Moma, on the second floor above the bike rental. Small restaurant looks like it might seat ~30. Very attentive service. Even though it was a busy lunch period, the food came out fast, and the staff always made sure our glasses had water. The lunch special is $23 for 3 courses which I think is ok for that area. Not amazing but ok. The appetizer lamb samosa however was amazing.  Ordered the lamb entree which was not bad - it seemed very authentic. Came with side of rice. The rice pudding dessert was underwhelming. Overall would recommend this Indian restaurant if already in that neighborhood.
Amazing food!!! The only one reason why I am giving it 4 stars is hopefully someone sees this and improves this one flaw I found and that is I couldn't try everything. Meaning they need to do a sampler so I can try more. I wanted so much more but by eyes, stomach and wallet couldn't handle it. So my one suggestion is that they need to have a sampler so we can try more that just one dish. There were 3 other single diners here this evening and they probably wanted to try more too.With all that said. I had the chicken Korma delightful! With the Cilantro Naan and Coconut Naan (hence I wanted to try many different foods) both Naans were really good. Also had the Lamb Samosa which was awesome! The green sauce is a a Cilantro based and it was . Overall great place! Great Service! Amazing food!
This is a great place for quick bite or lunch in NYC. We tried their lunch paneer enter and garlic nan with rice. It turned out pretty well and mango milkshake was awesome. Service was gWould definitely return here once i am in NYC.Tip: restaurant is located on upper floor. Be aware where it's located, walking down the street it's easy to walk over without noticing it.
I didn't expect this area to have a great Indian restaurant! My dinner experience here was quite lovely. I came here on a Friday nigh with a friend.Service: The servers were really nice and attentive. Ambiance/Space: This is located on the second floor which was a little different. It is definitely a cozy restaurant and can be a cute date spot. They even had a cute little candle on all the tables.Food: My friend and I started with the vegetable samosas. They were huge and flavorful. For drinks, I got the mango lassi which had the right amount of sweetness. For mains, we shared a chicken tikka masala and the chana saag. Yum! Both came with basmati rice. We also got the garlic naan on the side. Overall, everything was really delicious and not overly spicy. Prices were good as well. We were so full and we probably only had half of our mains.
Wow! Hidden in midtown is this authentic Indian spot! Take the stairway upstairs and wait for a table as you likely will need to wait. But, it's worth it! We waited. We enjoyed. You will too!My only complaint is if you order ten star Indian spicy authentic hot, they won't believe you. Be insistent. Don't take "no" for an answer. And atomic nirvana will be yours! Just order some extra raita on the side and life will be good!
This is my second time coming and I'm so glad I found this place. It's a hidden gem, you have to walk up some unassuming steps. It's a very small place and the wait staff is very on top of the service. Food is delicious! I didn't get to take more pics because we ate it too fast. Definitely go for the Pre fixed menu if you are doing dinner. Samosas, chicken tikka, cilantro nan are my favorite. Check in for a free nan!!
It was my first time coming here and I definitely would come back here again. There's a staircase as soon as you go through the door to get to the restaurant. It's kind of small so I wouldn't say it's good for big groups but it's a good place for a date or to eat with a friend! Their menu is simple with vegetarian & chicken options.I ordered chicken tikka masala & they asked if I wanted it spicy or nonspicy. I ordered spicy but personally didn't find it spicy at all. (I'm Korean so I can tolerate spice to some extent)Also ordered a plain naan! It didn't come with any sauces, which is fine 'cause it tastes really good with the tikka masala sauce.Price is very reasonable too.All the vegetarian options were $14 and all chicken options were $15
Heard about this place from friends. Went today to try it. It's small and cozy, has a warm/authentic atmosphere to it. Staff are really friendly, great service. The food was absolutely delicious. Had vegetable samosa and pakora for appetizers. Vindaloo and tikka masala mains and of course NAAN!! Everything was amazing! Perfectly cooked, hot, tasty and well presented. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants a true Indian experience.
Great Indian food place. Different varieties of naans are fabulous. We ordered lamb dish, yellow daal and paneer. Very satisfying and extremely friendly service. Will definitely be back for another tasting. Their spices count are just right!
This is officially my favorite indian spot! I have been there during lunch weekend (the waiters serve you) and during lunch weekdays (self-serve). I prefer the weekday because of their lunch special which comes with basmati rice, naan, and your choice of two entrees. So far I have tried their keema samosa, chicken tikka masala, chicken makhani, chicken curry, saag paneer, and mango lassi. The servings are huge and filling, the staff are attentive, and the food is delicious!
I needed to be curried out of here... I'll stop. Lassi get started on the review. This place is just two blocks shy of Trump's mayhem induced building, a nice quiet block with a ton of restaurant selections. I have yet to try other restaurants on this block, but if you're looking to get full and have savory food for under $10-15, Bengal Tiger is your spot. I had the Tikki Masala with basmati rice, and with a Yelp check-in, we got an order of garlic naan. Slow your roll when eating the naan, it's very tasty with a soft finish, so your fingers are sure to pick up one after another without realizing you're now full on amazing bread. The chicken masala was out of this world, be careful with the level of spicy, definitely go with the mild even if your tastes can handle a kick. Awesome meal overall.Extra bonus clip: The servers gave us another naan by accident after our main dishes were out, and when we pointed it out, they just shrugged and told us to keep eating. Definitely coming back.
I read a lot of reviews of this place and ended up ordering from this place. I wasn't very impressed by the saag paneer - it was kinda salty. At best I'd give it a 3 star. Also strangely for the name, it doesn't have any real Bengali item on the menu.
India fast food at its very best. Not a place to bring clients. It's an order, pickup and take it back to your table kind of place with good food and a good lunch special.
Holy moly. Came here based on Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. We ordered veggie samosas, chicken korma, lamb saag and plain naan. Like with many Indian restaurants, the entrees come out in very small metal dishes that bely their enormity and fillingness.This was one of the best Indian meals I've had. I ate until I could not eat and then ate some more.
Excellent food with great service!  Small, intimate- perfect for a date. The vindaloo is HOT, but excellent. My wife loved the chicken tikka masala, and the naan was great too!  No alcohol served, unfortunately, would have loved a beer to wash it all down!
Excellent food. Very authentic. Even better customer service. The staff was very engaging and kept entertaining the children.  They even brought complimentary dessert for the kids. Very conveniently located close to Central Park. Expect a wait but it's well worth it. Awesome experience!
I've been here three times for lunch. I always go for the lunch special because it is reasonable for a restaurant in the city. For the lunch special, you get to pick two curry and it comes with rice (with a choice of basmati or brown rice) and about five pieces of naan. If you're picking one curry that taste sweet (like the one with eggplant, I think), I recommend you choose non-sweet curry (like the regular curry) as a second. The second time I ate here, I chose two sweet curry by accident and I got tired of the curry very quickly.
Really great food. Good service. If you like authentic Indian food, you'll like it here.
Worth the lunch special price. However I was a little disappointed after reading all the stellar reviews. I don't see myself returning.
I am an Indian, so my review might be a little baised but its a very ordinary place. Neither the taste nor the service was impressive. The only pro is that its BYOB..
Our go-to dinner spot when shopping along fifth Ave. great food. This second floor restaurant is the real deal. Not a welcoming entry up the austere stairs but great service and Indian food. We love the veggie samosa for appetizer.
4.5 - serving up some high quality curries and naans.  Deserves all the great reviews its been getting.#8.95 lunch special: 2 curries (both veggie and meat but 1$ extra for lamb), naan, rice.  Can't be beat in this area.  #Food:All curries and exceptionally good. Vindaloo IS SPICY just the way you like it. korma is rich and creamy with just the right amount of sweet. Saag is creamy and well flavored with big chungs of paneer. No flaws in the curries. Rice is butter and fresh. Portions are a bit small but you can't complain for 8.95 in midtown. MEAT - chicken a little on the dry side but i'll let it slide. Lamb was very tender and moist as lamb always is. #Overall: a great lunch find, but be careful of food coma when you go back to work.
By far my favorite Indian place in the city........ the vindaloo is amazing but really really spicy. I love the samosas and the chicken tikamasala.....
Super friendly staff, it is my first time eating at bangal tiger Indian restaurant, and I love it!! Foods are very delicious^_^
Great food, great service, great location! Definitely the place to go and get some yummy Indian food! Can't help but give them the 5/5 stars they deserve. Thanks for a great dining experience!
3 course dinner prix fixe for $17.99!! In midtown west, when your tummy starts grumbling, there are really only two options: the high end - pricey dinner options most of which are pretty mediocre, and the fast food chain types (Chipotle, Chopp'd, Café Duke). Sometimes you want something in between.  I've hit Bengal Tiger twice, already for this reason.  Easy on the wallet, and really tasty food.  So far I've tried two of their veggie curries - the eggplant and the garbanzo beans.  I've also like their chicken curry.  You also can't go wrong with the giant samosa or Mulligatawny apps.  Service is always attentive, and the interior is quite nice - the wooden ceiling is made to look like you're in the cabin of a boat, and you'll be looking at lots of colorful art on the walls.
We ordered 2 appetizers and 3 entrees for 3 people. The green chutney with the vegetable samosa appetizer has cilantro, so if you don't like cilantro, it's in there. The samosas are large and nicely cooked. The fried pakora appetizer was a little oily for me, but my 2 companions liked it. The garlic naan was delicious with its fresh garlic and butter. Our favorites of the 3 entrees were the curry chicken and the aloo gobi matar. The last entree, the tandoori chicken tikka, was moist and flavorful, and the rice we all got was perfectly cooked. The aloo gobi had a little more cinnamon than we're used to, and we got regular spice level. We had to wait when we arrived 8ish p.m., but we were seated very quickly and the staff were fabulous: polite, prompt, helpful, and informative. We were very satisfied with everything and took a lot back to our hotel, with me ordering more garlic naan to take with too. It's a small restaurant, but they do an excellent job. I really appreciate the staff being so pleasant. The bathroom was small and clean, and the portions were a good value.
Still thinking about the flavors. Tasty! And a good quantity of food for the price. Definitely a "neighborhood" gem. I walked over a mile to get there and I'm glad I did.
Good food for takeout but very rude customer service. In an empty restaurant, the host refused to give us an extra chair so my father could sit facing the outside as opposed to on an uncomfortable hard bench. We went to Mughlai in the Indian restaurant quarter near Lexington and 28th. Much better service with great food there.
I could eat Indian food every day of the week if I had a chance. Bengal Tiger is up there with some of the best in NYC. Have been here 3+ times now and I try something different every time. Delicious!
Excellent Indian food!  The vindaloo was spicy and the sagwala was amazing. Plus BYOB!  Makes for an excellent and cost effective dinner!!!
Located next to Central Park, good place to satisfy your North Indian food craving! They have a 18.95$ three course lunch option which seemed great but we chose a-la-carte option of Samosa, Chicken tikka and Yellow daal with some naan..the samosa was out of the world, however the food was a little less spicy for our taste..though overall good food..we were pleasantly surprised to find we were the only Indian eating in the entire restaurant which is fairly rare!
Bengal Tiger is open all day unlike several other Indian restaurants in New York City. The food is 3.5/5 (main course), 4/5 (appetizers) and 4.5/5 ( desserts)I would like to see an increase in the menu selection. I understand that this is a quick meal restaurant and aims to serve that purpose but with an larger menu would cater to a wider population.Overall, thumbs up! Would go again only if I were in the area :)
I think I am a pretty good judge of Indian food. This place is a solid four stars - not the best you'll ever eat, but very good. The service was quick and attentive, and the prices are fair. Thumbs up!
Went here for lunch with a friend. They offer appetizer, rice naan bread and two protein of your choice for 9$, a real steal for this area. Casual environment with tasty food. We will be back
Bengal Tiger is a good deal for some quick Indian food lunch in Midtown. Whenever I get Indian food I am drawn to the spinach paneer and the cauliflower and potatoes.  At the Bengal Tiger the lunch special includes, 2 veggie sides, basmati rice or brown rice and 5 triangle pieces of pita. Since, I get two side, I don't have to pick between my two fave Indian sides.  You just come up the stairs put in your order and they call out your number and you can be on your way out in no time. It's great to come here if you are headed to the park and just need to grab something. I appreciate that the food is served in a compartment tray. My rice doesn't get soggy and I get the perfect bite of paneer with a snip it of cauliflower and some basmati grains. Midtown has a lot of Indian food options and I have hit up a number of spots. The quality of food was not mind blowing. I prefer a lot of the other restaurants in the area. That being said you sometimes need a cheap fix and this place does the trick .
I had better. Food was okay, not spicy enough. They are very understaffed, they are all literally running around in the restaurants to keep up with work load, I respect them for putting such a great effort. It 's also a little bit pricy, I paid $17 for one dish, and it was just enough for me for dinner.
This place is awesome. We loved it. The vegetarian dishes were really great. Recommend the Masala.
This is one of the best food I had in my life... I am a foodie and love Indian cuisine... had butter paneer.. it was so aahmazing... The rice which came with it was superb... it was soft fluffy and buttery enough... loved the food and could lick my finger afterwards
We got the lunch pack two different days in NYC. It was conveniently close to where we were staying, filling and generally well-priced. The food, however, was just okay Indian. For ~$10 (including tax) you get two entrees, naan and brown or basmati rice (you pay extra for any substitutions, such as roti instead of naan). We had the chana masala and baigan bhartha both times. There's certainly some heat to the dishes, but not a big amount in terms of other flavor (there was a fair bit of oil too). The baigan didn't have much roasted flavor as it usually does. It was a nice touch to be able to get brown rice instead of just white. The naan was fine - nothing spectacular but not bad.You order at the counter, they give you a number and you go up to the counter to get it when it's ready. It's available pretty quickly, service was only mildly friendly.
I tried chicken korma for the first time here and it was delicious! Garlic naan bread is also super tasty and comes in large portions. Quick and friendly service.
Really enjoyed my meal here.  Great preparation, large portions, and a bargain!  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanted classic Indian food in the Midtown area.  Servers were friendly and they even allow a $5 wine corkage!  I will definitely return!
Don't let the grungy staircase deter you from this second-floor walk-up restaurant. Once inside, the decor and staff are both very welcoming. The food is hot and delicious; probably some of the best Indian food I've had. The chicken tikka masala (all white meat) is fantastic. It's a BYO (and there's a corking/bottle fee) so plan ahead if you want alcohol. Otherwise, they serve lassis, etc., and it seems strange to say, but the water is very good here (and they constantly refill it). The restaurant is small and tables are tight, so you may have to wait a bit, but the food and service should make it worthwhile.
A hidden gem upstairs in a unassuming building. Once inside the restaurant you find a cozy place to have a relaxing meal. Dined with two others after the theater. The menu offered an array of dishes. Great options for sharing with a group of people. The food was fresh and quite tasty. The staff was attentive to needs and made sure water glass was full.
Food was excellent! Walked in on a busy Saturday night but were seated within 15 mins. Small but intimate. BYOB- which was pretty awesome. Only thing is, they don't have ice buckets so if you're bringing white wine, chill in advance or be prepared to be ok with ice cubes in your drink.We ordered the prix fixe for $17/pp. For appetizers, I ordered the vegetable samosa, the hubs ordered the lamb spring rolls (samosa was the winner!) For the entree, I ordered the Chicken Makhani (heat level 5), the Hubs, was being daring on his 1st Indian cuisine experience, ordered the Chicken Vindaloo (heat 9/10) and they are not kidding, that thing is SPICY. We each were only able to take a few spoonfuls of Vindaloo, followed by heaping spoonfuls of rice and extra orders of garlic naan to fan away some of that heat. If you're looking for a way to eat light or keep warm, few bites of Vindaloo followed by necessary large amounts of water will do it. I'm also not a good eater of spicy foods-- I get the ugly cry, runny nose and sweat dripping down my face. So if you're on a first date, or with someone you want to look cute in front of, but spice and heat cause this reaction in you, I'd suggest the Tikka Masala or the Makhani (butter chicken). Great little gem. Definitely will be back. Top notch service too!
Great hospitality and awesome Indian food. Place is usually crowded which means there is good demand for it.
I'll get straight to the point- the food was GOOD! Very large sized portion of chicken tikka seasoned well and ready fairly quickly.Ordered through the Yelp app and food was ready when I arrived 20 minutes later.
Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken Vindaloo were absolutely wonderful.  Service was excellent as well.  Reasonably priced.  Highly recommended.
I ordered delivery and it came in the middle of the projected arrival time.... which was way too long for my taste. Shouldn't take 45-75 min to get delivery. The food is plentiful and tasty but nothing mindblowing. I ordered the 3-item prix fixe + garlic naan: Vegetable Samosa - The filling was perfectly seasoned and moist.Chicken Vindaloo (spicy) - chicken was moist and plentiful. Was a little disappointed there weren't more potatoes... it was literally sauce + chicken. Garlic Naan - delicious. I would order again.
I ordered food from here a couple of days ago. The delivery was pretty quick. I enjoyed it. Naan was so fluffy and tasty. My favorite one was a vegetable korma - such a delicious meal. Samosas were pretty fulfilling too. Overall, you will not be disappointed. The only reason this place is not on my favorites' list is because the food, even though I asked for the mildest option, is still spicy. I think it's just me cause I'm not sure you can cook a milder Indian meal without making it flavorless. Maybe I'll give it another try
Great curry! Lamb curry and the yogurt cucumber sauce is a great compliment. Fast delivery and delicious food! Highly recommend for Indian food lovers:)
This place was pretty good. I think the seating was kind of awkward and it was really hot in there for some reason but other then that the food was good! I'm not from NY so maybe just not used to the tiny restaurants. Would I go again? Yes :)
Wonderful Indian food! Wish they served beer but other than that it was wonderful.  Highly recommended when you're in this part of the city.
UGH! OH MY GOODNESS!So I've been coming here for a few years now here and there..Their chicken tikka masala is really good, but the only complaint I have is that the last few times I've had it--the chicken was a bit dry.. I have to agree with the most recent reviews sorry :(   I don't remember it always being like that though!  They should really pay more attention to that.The pakora and samosas are SOOO amazing I love them both so much and order it every time I come there (especially with the green and brownish-red sauces, ugh--amazing) But seriously their pakora and samosas... :,)
Small space with limited seating and there's always a line so be sure to go a bit earlier! We ordered the 3 course meal with garlic naan and saag paneer.Appetizer-Vegetable Samosa, I think I might've licked off every drop of the green/brown sauce that came with it. Entree- Chicken Makhani, I prefer this over the other popular dish, chicken tikka masala. Creamier and more savory in my opinion compared to the masala. PERFECT amount of spiciness for a nice kick. I ordered the regular instead of the spicy....Dessert- Kheer, coconut rice pudding that came with cashews and raisins and was the perfect finishing touch to our meal. Not so impressed by the saag paneer, wasn't creamy enough and was a bit underwhelming ....GARLIC NAAN, order it to dip it in the makhani sauce. (Don't get the roti, kind of hard and not as savory as the naan).The service was amazing and they were so incredibly friendly!
TL;DR: I've been multiple times and all I can say is that it's mediocre, greasy Indian food that does the trick, but isn't good. Environment: a bit hard to find, but you have to walk up a flight of stairs and turn left into the restaurant. It looks sketchy from the outside but is clean and well decorated. It's both takeout and sit in, but the sit in tables are a bit small. Lots of light from the big window. Food: when I first went, the prix fixe menu came,!with three courses (app, entree and dessert) and was only $16 (now $20) so my friend and I both ordered that. I got vegetable pakoras, which were crispy and delicious. Her lamb spring roll was literally the width of a burrito. I think she liked it, but it looked droopy and sad. My saag paneer was somewhat oily and heavy on the paneer chunks; they also add chunks of ginger, which ruined the taste of the dish for me. Who wants to fish out ginger while eating or bit down on a chunk of ginger? The kheer dessert was mildly sweet, I didn't come to eat appetizers and dessert. It's a good value, but maybe go for another dish instead of the saag paneer (at the same time, though, shouldn't saag paneer be a staple? Don't understand why it wasn't good).The second time I came, I tried the vegetable tikka masala, which was a shitshow. I had random vegetables like broccoli and zucchini that have no place in an Indian dish, and the tomato cream sauce was watery. It was honestly the worst Indian food I've ever had, and i couldn't bring myself to finish it bc it honestly felt like a waste of calories. Service: great, a little hurried towards the end. When I first came, I was waiting for my friend to arrive and she ended up being 30 minutes late, but the waiter kept checking in on me at the beginning and I decided to order ahead of her. Once our check arrived, we also were checked in on several times. However, I did spill my water all over the floor and they were very gracious about cleaning it up and refusing my help.
Food was sub par.  Was not very good at all.  Would never come back.  Wait was long and over rated.  Naan was dry.  Rice was boring.  Chicken Tikka masala was the worst I've ever had.  Service was decent.
Very small place but so incredibly good. Their menu is very simple but what they have on it is amazing. Our group ate the Chicken Tikka Masala, Veg Tikka Masala, Vindaloo, Samosas, Naan, and the Mango Lassi. All were amazing. I usually try out an Indian place every time I make it to NYC. This is my favorite so far!
After seeing the reviews I expected a little more. We had wait for over 20 minutes and the food was okay but I've had better Indian food in the city. The raita was a little too chunky and the samosa was about average, but how can you get samosa wrong? I was not a fan of the entrees but I'll give them the benefit of doubt because I made a substitution for something off of the menu by switching paneer instead of chicken with the tikka masala curry. Another concern was how disorganized the service was, we were asked if "we were ready to order" by four different waiters. Outside of that, I liked the ambiance, giving a somewhat Indian "Dabaa" feel to the place. It was also nice that they have BYOB, making it more of a causal hangout with friends. I would definitely give this restaurant another try.
Pros- flavorful dishes - great value for price - fast device Cons- dining room can be hard to secure seating.Final Word: seating can be tricky but well worth the trouble.
Great lunches. Located upstairs and door outside may be easy to miss. They have a great lunch box for $9. Usually pretty fast for to-go, even during the mid-day lunch rush. Nice service. They have some seating, maybe for 15 inside. Most lunch boxes come with naan, rice, an entree, and a side.
This is such a pleasant and relaxing place for great Indian food. Thanks to fellow Yelpers, I made sure to look up at the awning as I approached Bengal and was able to locate it immediately. The stairs are a little creepy and the entrance doesn't look like a restaurant at all. But once you open those doors, you are greeted by a friendly staff and see how tiny the place really is. There are a good amount of tables but the empty space will feel tight once more people arrive. We got there fairly early and got a seat by the window. The restaurant fills up quick by 6:30. We ordered the vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and mango lassi. Unfortunately, the mango lassi never arrived but the waiters were very apologetic and quickly removed it from the bill. The food was delicious!!! The vegetable samosa had a lot of filling and was crispy, hot and came with two sauces. One was hot (green) and the other was a bit sweet (reddish brown). Good combo.The naan was heavenly. Freshly baked and right out of the oven, it wasn't an overwhelming garlic taste - it was just right. Ripped apart so easily...so good. I can totally just eat that with masala sauce. The chicken tikka masala was really good. Flavorful, lots of meat, and tender chicken. It came with basmati rice. Perfect combination.  So glad I tried this place. I would certainly come back and try more of the food there. Reasonably priced, too! Good service and friendly staff.
Very happy with this place. They are kind to my kids and helped with the stroller up the stairs. Food is delicious and it's a nice reprieve after a day of overstimulation. I love the korma. Kids happy with dal. Yummy naan.
Love this hole in the wall restaurant. It's upstairs and small but worth the wait. I've been coming here for the last 3 years every time we are in the city. Spicy is super spicy so be careful with the level of spice you order.  Every dish is spectacular!!
Good reviews led us here and good reviews are warranted. Friendly staff, yummy food, nice little spot.
Shortly said, I didn't feel their food was authentic Indian.My husband and I finally decided to give this restaurant a try today after passing by numerous times in the past.The atmosphere of the venue was nice, and the servers were attentive and nice. I wanted to give this place higher rate, but the food lacked the flavor and the kick we expected. This was a big turn off, sadly. (We ordered chicken korma and chana masala. Both were quite mild, more runny than we expected, and lacked spices.) We used to live in Delhi for a few years and ate at local restaurants and shared homemade food with local colleagues, so I think we should know what actual Indian food is. I felt this place's lacked the flavor we were used to there. This place gets good rate on Yelp, but, unfortunately, I cannot agree that.After leaving this place, our stomachs were filled, but I felt I need a spice fix in Jackson heights.  I'm not going to come back here.
We were very worried as we approached the building.  Has very good yelp reviews so we continued on.  The building entrance is up a small stair case and very dirty.  We are glad we continued on.  The staff was great The food was excellent.  Do not let the entrance fool you.
Great food. Went there for lunch and ordered the lamb vindaloo which was excellent. The garlic naan is delicious and the deserts are awesome. The location is perfect although it got kinda busy because of the traffic from the offices nearby. But overall restaurant, would come back.
Delicious Lunch!! 100+% hit to my craves! Small hallway for such a variety of flavors!
Best Indian food in New York City. My date and I were licking our fingers and wanting seconds. Every dish we tried was amazing. The garlic Nana, Tiki Marsala chicken and even the Chia tea is to die for. I will be back.
This is my first time here. The vegan options could be better, but everything else looks good. Make sure to redeem the free naan offer for checking in, it is pretty good. The service is fast and the price is right. I'd say this is worth 30-45 minutes of travelling to eat here.
The restaurant itself is tiny. We ordered the veggie samosa and I specifically asked our waiter if the chutney came on the side, he responded with yes. I had seen pictures on Yelp that showed the chutney on the plate and the samosa on top. I don't like the green chutney and didn't want it on there which is why I asked. Samosa came out with the chutney spread on the plate and it sitting right on top. That was the first negative about the samosas, second negative is that they hardly had any flavor. Not spicy at all. The naan was some of the better I have had and the chicken tikka masala had good flavor. Overall it was just okay. We do not plan on ever coming back.As don't get me started on the bathroom. It smelled of something I can't even describe, but I'll try for you. Old stale urine mixed with musty body odor. Quite appetizing huh?
Ha ... who would have thought such an amazing restaurant would live at the top of that staircase. Amazing food! Don't forget to BYO!
We had the tandoori chicken, vindaloo lamb, and tikka chicken masala....and it was the bomb! It was the perfect amount for the four of us!
I like spicy things and ignored the warnings on the menu regarding the vindaloo.  The waiter even warned me when I ordered it.  I am too accustomed to "very spicy" american foods only being mildly flavorful.  I may have given the waiter a dismissive look.Holy !@#$!  My insides are on fire!!
Five stars for great service. Very friendly and attentive. There was about half an hour of wait, and they brought naan for the kids. Food was four-stars decent -- naan and daal were great, but chicken was a little dry and while nice and spicy not really complicated. It's a cozy little place with nice ambiance, so overall I'm rounding up to five.
Authentic Indian food. (How do I know -- had a first generation born Indian friend come with)Fantastic, tasty, awesome, amazing indian food (How do I know -- I ate it!)I recommend..-Chicken Tikka Masala (Get it SPICY you wimp!)-GARLIC Naan (Amaaaaaazing)-Mango Lassi (To cool down that Masala)-Chicken korma was pretty good too if you don't want to experience a lot of heat.-Indian style rice pudding (nothing too exciting here, but good nonetheless.)If you've never tried Indian food, and want a great experience -- definitely hit up Bengal Tiger.Don't let the sort of dingy 1 flight walk-up deter you. This place is the real deal.I can't wait to go back!
This was one of the best Indian food restaurants I've ever been to. Although the wait was long, it was totally worth it. I ordered the Chicken Korma, it was on point.Must go again
I ordered from Bengal Tiger two nights in a row while I was staying at the New York Palace Hotel. Firstly, they could not have been more prompt with delivery! I was so impressed that they arrived so quickly both times. The first night I ordered chicken curry, vegetable samosa, and mango lassi. Everything tasted great, though the chicken was a little overcooked. On the second night, I ordered chicken tikka masala, plain naan, and mango lassi. This dish was particularly good; the chicken could not have been cooked any better. My only regret is that I did not venture out on foot to eat right in this very establishment instead of opting for delivery. The next time I'm in the area, I will be ordering again. Well done, Bengal Tiger!
Good food relaxing atmosphere and staff was attentive.  Only wish they served alcohol.  It's byob.
Very very very friendly staff. Ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Korma. The food was GREAT!! When leaving my water bottle was almost empty--- staff offered to fill all the way to top.
I don't know what all the hype is about. Granted, we got takeout. But...a) Lamb Biryani: was so dry. The lamb was dry, the rice was dry, and the flavor was meh.b) Chicken Korma: The chicken was good and not overcooked but the pieces were gigantic. Maybe some people like that. The curry was well flavored but tasted somehow too aged perhaps... like it had been ladled out of a vat? c) Rice: it was sticky and overdone.d) Naan: soggy, moist and chewy.Maybe the food was sitting there for half an hour before we picked it up? It was only a five minute walk back to our hotel.Oh yeah and the mango lassi tasted prefabbed. Like just not fresh somehow.Overall I was just really not impressed. We have much better Indian food options in Maine.
Great food and great service. The person refilling the water made sure we never even got below halfway. The manager was our waiter. Odd and old staircase from the street up to the front door but don't let that discourage you. This is place is the real deal!!
Went here for lunch. We ordered 3 different types of naan (coconut, garlic and plain) all were amazing. I ordered paneer tiki masala, and it was sooooo good, I finished my whole bowl all the naan and they brought us complimentary rice pudding at the end.
Came here with coworkers to grab lunch. It's not fancy but quite comfortable and cozy here. We all got the lunch box with two main entrees and rice and naan for $8.95. I was very happy with my chicken masala and cheesy spinach. The spice in both dishes really gave you a kick in the taste buds but not too much. I am by no means an expert of Indian food, but I like it here since the food is good and the restaurant is clean and pleasant to dine in.
Hands down the best Indian food I have ever had. The vegetable samosas are delicious- my boyfriend and I could have eaten just that and been happy. But then our entrees came out. He ordered the spicy chicken vindaloo and I ordered the chicken korma. Both were flavorful, filling, and ridiculously delicious. To top it off we had the garlic naan and finished up with the Kheer for dessert. Our servers were attentive and extremely sweet. The environment was friendly and chill. We will definitely be making this a go to spot for two people that love to eat!!!!
Great food, fair price, friendly service, convenient location, what else do you need from a restaurant? Bengal Tiger has it all, this is our top pick when we find ourselves in Midtown and we are looking for tasty food. Sometimes there is a wait, but if you are flexible on time you should be able to avoid it.
Delicious! Tucked away upstairs, easy to miss, but you'll be sorry if you do. Great service and AMAZING food!!!!
Ah, Bengal Tiger Indian Food. Those reviews, right? Almost unbelievable. This place, tho, for real. It's good, and affordable, and the service is amazing; so many wins. So, why not 4 or even 5 stars? It's simple, I've had better Indian food. Granted, not in this area of midtown, but there's better Indian food out there. First of all, the vindaloo is real spicy. They warn you, they do multiple times, but it's extremely spicy to the point where I didn't find it that enjoyable and I like spice. I was dining with some elderly people who don't like spice at all, but enjoy chicken tikka masala and they couldn't even eat it; it was too spicy.The prix fixe seems like a deal and if you like rice pudding it is. You choose from soup or deep fried appetizers that were good, your entree and then rice pudding. Looking back, I'd probably just stick with an entree (that comes with rice) and some naan. BYOB makes this place a gem for groups that are looking to not break the bank. As I always reiterate when dining in this 'hood, it's hard to find food that isn't $$$, so you take it where you can.A definite try and see what it's all about.
On famous 56th st btwn 6/5th ave where lots of affordable lunch places are.Things to note:1/ 2nd floor2/ lunch special that comes out to ~$10 which is rice, naan, a protein, and a veggie dish3/ solid americanized indian food, love that tikka masala4/ the saag paneer has a kicktotally worth a try for lunch.
Absolutely fantastic food!! Service is friendly and nice. Quick service and fenomenal food and price
A cozy Restaurant upstairs (not good for strollers) with delicious chicken tikka masala. The garlic naan was also tasty! Good service.
Excellent food. When I went it was really busy and they were still pretty fast getting me my food for takeout. Definitely recommend this spot if you're near theatre district / times square.
WOW.  That about sums it up.  Bengal Tiger is top notch in every sense, especially earning their 5 stars in delivering an exceptionally high level of service, one rarely encountered even in the highest caliber of NYC establishments.From the moment I stepped through the door with my family they rolled out the red carpet.  We were seated within seconds and our appetizers were delivered within minutes.My 10 month old son, who was having a really rough time with all the hustle and bustle of NYC, occasionally shrieking like a banshee and constantly dropping his toys, would likely have made our dinner--and anyone else's around us for that matter--a complete and utter nightmare at any other restaurant.The Bengal Tiger's staff however was just incredible:  They would pick up and hand us his toys as they passed by without missing a beat.  They would stop and entertain him and my 3 year old daughter from time to time, and to top it all off, when our dinner arrived, one of our most gracious hosts offered to take our son for a look around the restaurant while we enjoyed our meal in peace, saving my wife and I from having to take shifts.Their stupendous service aside, the food was absolutely superb, especially the appetizers and sides.The papadum was some of the best I have ever had and their green chutney was delectable, with just the right amount of spice to give it a nice little burn.  Most restaurants I usually only eat the tamarind chutney and leave my wife all the green chutney; here we were gobbling it up like it was guacamole.My wife and I both got the 3 Course Prix Fix for $17.95.  For what you get, it is an exceptional value, all things considered.For starters, the pakoras were especially good.  They topped my list for the whole dining experience and were far beyond any I had ever had before, and I have eaten a LOT of Indian food.For our main course, the Chicken Tikka Masala was outstanding and went extremely well with our side of garlic naan.  Again another exceptional side:  the garlic naan was absolutely loaded up with garlic and was neither burnt, nor overcooked like is so often the case at most Indian restaurants.  Simply delicious.Last but certainly not least, the Kheer dessert, which I would generally skip as a rule at most Indian restaurants, was very good.  I ended up eating both mine and my wife's because she wouldn't even try it based on past experiences.  Her loss, my gain!The only bad thing about this place is the flight of stairs leading up to it and the rather odd entry they make right into the middle of the restaurant.  Other than that, just exceptional!!!
Great food, welcoming and friendly staff, delicious mango lassi.  Kid friendly.  The chicken tikka was delicious.  Try both the plain and garlic naan.
Got take out.. Butter chicken was very good. I want to try and eat in next time and try other stuff.
As an Indian with a lifetime experience of Indian food, this is place is very much below average. Fooled by the (strangely) high rating on Yelp, we did a Friday evening dinner here and ordered their most popular dishes - the saag paneer and chicken tikka masala with naan. Everything was underwhelming. The saag paneer had no taste, and the chicken was dry and hard, with little to no flavor. The naan was terribly undercooked - I've never been to an Indian restaurant that messed up the naan that badly.Never again - putting this post up just so people don't get fooled by these weirdly high ratings on Yelp.
one of the best indian restaurants in this price range. ambience is not good so i usually order food online.i am a fan of their lamb curry - right amt of spices..properly cooked lamb..can have it anytime.their chicken tikka masala is another dish that i love to eat.if you love indian food then you cant go wrong with this place.
Absolutely lovely! My friend and I split the dishes, which were both perfect quantity, and great quality. Waiter asked us several times how spicy we would like the food and warned us of some spiciness levels. All in all, he did everything to ensure great customer service!Chicken vindaloo and lamb masala were both great- served with basmati rice. In addition, we had the garlic nan which is by far my favorite type. This restaurant requires going up the stairs to get to, and is a bit narrow once inside. Nothing too bad though! Great for a lunch experience!
This place is excellent and the staff are very friendly and professional. We had chicken and lamb curry with garlic bread.
Amazing Indian food with great service. Outstanding flavors from mild to hot. This little upstairs place is a must visit. The decor is really nice despite the lackluster entrance. It would be unfortunate to walk past Bengal tiger.
Went to Bengal Tiger for lunch based on proximity and yelp reviews. We were NOT disappointed! We had the lunch special, super yummy. Great prices, great friendly staff and really good food. Highly recommend!!!
It seems like this restaurant gets most of its raving reviews purely from the fact that it's BYOB and that the portions are huge. Aside from that, I think the food is just okay, so the takeout experience was alright. I had the chicken tiki masala, and while the sauce tasted pretty good, the chicken was incredibly dry. I likely would not order it again.
The Keema Samosas were tasty! So was the Chicken Tikka Masala. The prices were reasonable. The servers were friendly. Didn't have to wait that long to be seated. Will come back again.
Highly recommend. Has great service and excellent food. There is a nice view from the window if it's available. There were big chunks of lamb in our lamb curry too.
Good is delicious. Traditional style. Great menu. Best prices in the city. Restaurant is cute and hip very tiny hard to get seating. Lots of people take to-go. Sometimes you sit with strangers. An 8.95 lunch special is well worth it though. Very satisfied with the staff and quality of the good. If I'm ever near Central Park again, I will return.
Delicious food with indian flavors in tact. Superb value for money during lunch. Ideal mid town location. Must visit if u r fan of Indian food. Do not forget to check in on yelp to get additional naan complimentary. Happy eating.
Cozy, small restaurant near Central Park with friendly people and a vast vegetarian menu. I scraped my plate and would do it again! Everything was delicious.
Fantastic indian food tucked away on the 2nd floor in bustling midtown. Perfect for an impromptu lunch or dinner while in the area.
Nice food. Limited menu but delicious food. Should order Vegi Samosa  For Main course try Chicken tandoori it's grilled chicken pieces coming with a steam rice on side. Very generous in portion so you can order a sharing one plate for two.
Service was excellent, food delicious and tasty. Portions are big. It is trully indiand food in the centre of NYC. We will come back!
Came here on a Thursday night and the place was packed! We got the pre fix which was a great deal. Starting with the appetizers we got the samosas and the Pankora. The samosa were delicious and so was the Pankora though it was a bit oily. We then got the chicken makani, tikka masala and korma. The korma and masala was delicious. The chicken was very tender and the sauce was buttery. The makani was not as good, pretty bland so I wouldn't recommend. The garlic nan was awesome- definitely don't skip it. I've been to a lot of Indian restaurants in NYC, this is by far one of the best!
Amazing. Their lunch specials affordable and great qty. I loved the lamb curry and vindaloo and thandoori chicken bites with an incredible yogurt. Place was slammed and crammed. Wish they had more space but fact my picky son ate the food and said it was 10/10 when he hates Indian food says a lot about how good the food was. Samosas are incredible! Place reminded me of authentic Indian food you'd find in India and the biggest surprise was the service was over the top good. Amazing place you have to go to!
This place was good. The samosa were quite delicious and the green mint sauce was very tasty and a bit spicy which I liked. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was ok. I am used to an Indian restaurant  in my city which is amazing so this one was lacking to the other one for sure. Overall though a good meal.
I would say it's closer to 4.5 stars. I came for dinner with a friend and got the Prix Fix menu for $17.95 a person. This included a choice of appetizer, a choice of entree with rice, and dessert. Pretty good deal for dinner!From the outside, you would never know this is a quality establishment. There is an old awning, and some old stairs you take up to the restaurant on the 2nd floor. But once you open that door at the top and step in, it has a really nice cozy feeling and large windows in the front too. I really thought it was neat - something that tourists wouldn't know about (or non-Yelpers).Our food was delicious. The veggie samosa was flavorful and had a nice crunchy texture. The lamb spring rolls were full of meat and the white and green sauce around it was awesome! Then our entrees came. The chicken tikka masala and korma each had 6 large cubes of chicken with delicious sauce! The chicken tikka masala we got a bit spicy, but it really wasn't spicy. The korma could have been slightly sweeter. But the portions were great, and with the bowl of rice, we were full. We actually ordered an additional naan, which I recommend. They were done really well!Dessert came last, which is the sweet rice pudding. Flavorful and not too watery. Perfect cap to an awesome filling dinner that is well-priced. The commendable aspect of this place is their service. My water glass was never less than 2/3 full. They were seriously over here every 10 min to refill our water. They also replaced our plates with each course, which was nice of them. Food came at appropriate intervals. Definitely recommend this place.
They've got a three course deal for $21.95 and it's soooo worth it! I got Pakorma, Chicken Tikka and Kneer - everything was delicious! It's a cute little place on the second floor so it's fun to people watch on the street down below
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the area!  I got the 3 Course Prix Fix $18.95 with the following selections: vegetable tikka masala, vegetable samosas, and the rice pudding dessert.  I added the following: 1 Garlic Tandoori Naan $3.50 and 1 Rosemary Tandoori Naan $3.50.The vegetable tikka masala had a delicious mild sauce.  There was cooked broccoli and cauliflower in there.  It was served with basmati rice.  There were two samosas with two dipping sauces (tamarind was one of them).  The naan order comes with one large piece.  The garlic naan was good, skip the rosemary.  The herbs on top did not have a good texture/seemed overcooked/did not stick to the bread.  I would order from them again!  It was a very good deal and delicious.
Fans of Indian food that is authentic will love this place as much as I do. It's lunch specials are killers. Small gem on the 2nd floor in midtown #NYC. See you there soon :) #happiness #jkhknyc #goodeats #bengaltiger #indianfood
Omg, what a terrific find! Walking past other places that looked equally good, we weren't so sure about the looks of this place, especially climbing up a old stair case in suspect hallway. We were pleasantly surprised to find a warm, nicely appointed restaurant with an awesome window overlooking the street below. We managed to grab one of the window seat tables and ordered a mango lassi and sweetened ice tea which were both great. A word about the tea for my southern relatives. It was indeed sweet! Ya'll know...The prix fix menu is a good bargain, and we chose the lamb roll, and vegetable samosa. Both had the perfect amount of spice. The tikka masala and chicken korma were both really delicious and the garlic naan was perfect. If you're in the area and jonesing for Indian, it doesn't get much better.
To be honest, sometimes I'm skeptical about price-fix menus. Yes, the food comes at a slight smaller portion. But that's to be expected. In past experiences, sometimes even the quality/flavor lacks that luster that you would find in their regular dishes. Not here. No way, no how. Bengal Tiger Indian Food packs quite a punch when it comes to their cuisine. Located on the 2nd floor, Bengal Tiger is a cozy, bright little space. There's not much seating to go around so if you plan on coming for a bite... arrive before that dinner rush. They have beautiful artwork/phrases from wall to wall with those classic warm as well as jewel tones... very inviting. I was meeting my friend after work and we got there JUST in time. We managed to snag the last spot since a portion of the restaurant was conquered by a meetup group. Although a tight space, we sat comfortably. Vegetarians, have no fear. You have options here! (Rhyme not intended.) My friend had plenty of meatless options which was great. For the price of $16.95, you get an appetizer, entree and dessert. Not bad IMO. App/Veggie Samosa: Phenomenal. The outside is crispy and the inside was generously seasoned filled with potato and peas. And it was on top of a green & red sauce that had quite the kick. Let's just say I asked for a personal pitcher of water.Entree/Chicken TIkka Masala: Had to go with the classic choice, of course Indian spicy. (Go big or go home!) The chicken was extremely tender and there was just the right amount of sauce to meat ratio. The layers and depth of earthiness and savory flavors were on par. Dessert/Kheer: I'm a rice pudding lover. Add cashews? Spices? Home run.All in all, I highly recommend Bengal Tiger. There's unlimited basmati rice and their Naan is superb. The prices won't burn a hole in your wallet and they don't sacrifice on the spice. Staff was incredibly friendly and my water glass was never empty. This is a fantastic little spot to satisfy all your Indian Food cravings.
Above-average indian at a reasonable price in a difficult food area of nyc.Nice and casual,  though seating is tight.  No white tablecloths here.BYO is a huge bonus.  Bring wine or beer with you because there's nothing for sale on the immediate block.
Best chicken till masala I've ever had! Huge portions for the price. I'm definitely coming back!
Crowded....duh! It's obvious to me that others were experiencing the same utter enjoyment that we were. Samosas, Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken.....so good and worth the wait! On top the price was almost cheap. Get there!
We got a $9 lunch pack of chicken tikka masala and roasted eggplant. Got deal if you are looking for a decent and quick Indian takeout. Chicken is a little bit dry but the flavor is there. Roasted eggplant is great compared to the chicken.
What a little gem! A lot of people don't know about this place because of its location, but it is totally worth it. It's on the 2nd floor so keep an eye out. I got here 40 min early and read a book while waiting for a friend. Within that time, 2 or 3 different waiters came to check on me to make sure my water glass was full and that I wasn't too cold. The wait staff here is on it 150%. You cannot possibly drink more than 2 sips of water before getting a refill. The place only had a few tables occupied, but my friend informed me that this is how it is no matter how busy they are. We both got the 3 course price fix meals and were totally satisfied. Portions are great and everything was flavored well. The only thing that wasn't amazing was the tiny bathroom. If you're sitting, be prepared to have your face about a foot away from a tiny sink. Also, the paper towels are above the sink. Keep looking. They're up there somewhere. All in all, I'd happily come back here.
I have come here four times dinner. The first time, we came around 5:50/6 pm and there was no wait for a party of 5. Two other times we had to wait around 20-30 minutes (Friday around 6:20/30). We always order a bunch of dishes to share: apps and entrees. The service is excellent. It's BYOB with a $5 cork fee for a bottle of wine or $2/per bottle of beer. We enjoyed the chicken tikka, lamb vindaloo, samosas (both meat and veggie kinds), cauliflower, eggplant. The dishes are not spicy unless you specify. The mild/medium is not spicy. I highly recommend coming here. The ambiance is modern and clean. You'll always have a good meal.
The service was fast.. food came quickly and the food was delicious!Great flavors and good solid ricePrices were reasonable too, so its a perfect Indian restaurant basically!
Amazing, both chicken tikka masala and chicken korma were perfect.  Best garlic naan.  Outstanding customer service!
Solid! Vindaloo was just right. Good flavor, good kick, without being nuclear. Would definitely come back.
I was expecting to try some great desi food while in NYC, and this place had a pretty high rating.I went with the $8.72 lunch special: 2 items, rice, and naan.  Rice comes with a choice of brown or basmati rice. I opted for the brown rich, which tasted fine.  Chicken tikkah masala was a huge disappointment.  I was expecting it to be as good as tandoori fresh in California.   It wasn't as creamy and chicken wasn't as tender.   Eggplant dish was a disaster,  one of the worst veggie dishes I tried.  I also tried the mango lassi and it was a little tart and not as good as other places.   Only positive about this place is the cheap lunch spot in Manhattan.
I am remiss to admit that I have slacked in giving properly consistent business to this awesome restaurant, as this is my first time having it in 1.5 years!  However, with the rampant business turnover in NYC during that time, it speaks volumes that BTIF is still here.  And for VERY good reason!The flavors are even better than I remember them being.  Tried the Prix Fixe....and could EASILY have made two lunches out of it, as they give you full-sized portions!  So two huge veggie samosas (the best this carnivore has ever had in Manhattan) with awesome sauces (that spicy cilantro!  I could have drank the stuff straight!), Lamb Saag (huge portion this time.  A bit saltier.  But in a good way), and Kheer for $20!  Nice, small, quaint, unassuming place with nice staff.  GO GO GO GO!!!!!!!!!!!
Just ate here and I had the chicken korma- safe to say it was the best I've ever eaten!  Food came out quickly and the quality and flavor was good. Portions are exactly right, not too much nor too little. They also have good vegetarian options. I highly recommend this place.
What an EXCELLENT place. The decor is fantastic. Very quaint and home like feel. The staff is absolutely amazing. Very attentive. The food was very tasty. My friend had never tried Indian food and I convinced her to explore. She loved the garlic naan. We tried the prefix dinner and ordered a bunch of dishes and shared. Highly recommend this little hidden gem.
Delicious Indian food approved by an Indian person!! they don't take any reservations but if you're willing to wait it'll be worth your while or there's always delivery. Order from the 3 course menu the portions are the same size as the regular entree's but for half the price!!
Ordered biryani and other curries..The food was too bland..Biryani felt like turmeric rice.No other spice was their in that..Thought it would be nice looking at the ratings. But was highly disappointed.
Super friendly staff and very affordable. The ambiance was perfectly fine.  The location was convenient to my hotel (NYC Hilton Midtown).  The restaurant goers were very diverse, so had high hopes.  But honestly the taste of the food wasn't that great.  I doubt I would go back if I come to NYCI cannot iterate how friendly the staff was - my 2.5 year old daughter was not feeling well and crying.  The staff brought her out a mango lassi on the house.  They checked in and always tried to see if there is something they can do.  This is the biggest reason they get 3 stars.
The lunch special is so cheap! Pick 2 with rice and naan for $9 and they accept credit cards including Amex
Food was 3-4 stars - solid, tasty, fast. Didn't blow me away, but it hit the spot. Service was 5 stars.
What a lucky find! Bengal Tiger is an absolute hidden gem! We had the Chicken Tikka Masala, Saag Paneer, Dahl and Riata and all were amazingly delicious! We had a short wait but he Food was worth it. Service was fabulous too. Be prepared... they do NOT serve alcohol but you can bring your own for a small corkage fee.  Not only would I come back the next time I'm in the city I would recommend this restaurant to my friends and family!
Got delivery and overall it was good! Deets on what we got - The mulligatawny soup was very watery and they didn't provide a spoon. The garlic naan was great. The malai kofta was good though not the best version I've had of the dish. The kheer was delicious. On time speedy delivery and good phone service.
THE BEST INDIAN FOOD IVE EVER HAD. You walk up the stairs to this cute, simple yet tasteful restaurant. All the tables were taken and we were told there was an approximately 20 minute wait. We were constantly updated on how much longer it would be and were offered menus while we waited. My friend and I both ordered the 3 course meal; one appetizer, one entree that came with a side of basmati rice, and dessert which is rice pudding. I don't even know where to start.... The GREAT food? Or the AMAZING service?!? So we got a lamb spring roll, pakora, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, and rice pudding. We also got a cilantro and garlic naan. Everything was 10/10. So well seasoned and cooked to perfection. You can tell that this place puts their heart and soul into their cooking. So for the service, the entire staff was constantly coming around each table to ensure that guests had an sufficient amount of water in their glass, bring food and take back anything in your way. I'm in love ! Thank you Bengal Tiger !
I got the lunch special with chicken curry and chicken vindaloo. The sauces were really great; the vindaloo was just spicy enough. The chicken was way overcooked. The breast pieces were dry and hard to chew. The naan was soft, but the rice was also dry.
Came here for their $9 lunch combo, and was not disappointed. The food was fresh and tasty, and came with pretty hearty portions. I loved how you could taste the spices, without it being too overwhelming. Only wished the cashier was friendlier, as he seemed terribly uninterested in doing his job.
Requested delivery for the 3 course Fix w/Samosa, chicken curry, garlic naan and papadum. I requested the chicken to be mild and though it was alright, I did not find the price worth it. I've had better garlic naan & samosa at Indikitch and better chicken curry in Edison, NJ. I heard great things about this place which yet again might apply to dining in vs delivery.
My wife and I seek out an Indian restaurant in any new city we travel to. Bengal Tiger is about the best! There was a bit of a wait when we got there and the owner told us that they didn't serve alcohol, but there was a liquor store one block away. So, we went and got a bottle of wine and they served it to us at the "bar" with two appetizers for free.Our table was fine. Worth the short wait. Vindaloo was hot but great, and the Marsala was perfect.Take home message: Bring your own bottle of wine and the food is worth it
Delicious food! We had the tandoori chicken tikka (our favorite), the saag paneer, chicken korma, and an order of garlic naan- loved all of it! The service was wonderful- the server suggested dishes for us when we weren't sure what to order and the staff was very attentive and friendly. Wonderful experience!
Fast carry-out or eat-in (limited seating) Indian food. Offers Indian vegetarian staples like Chana Masala, Saag Paneer, and Aloo Gobi Matar. I wouldn't bother with the rice which comes with a plate of food and get a little extra naan.    Delicious. Simple. Easy. Not overly expensive. $25 for two with beverages.
We reached after kitchen had closed and all tables were occupied. However when the owner heard we had my mom, a senior citizen who had come all the way, they made room for us. Then they served us a delicious hot meal and a complimentary dessert. Great food and great service, all with a smile despite a busy long day and working overtime.
Disclaimer: this review is for vegetarian food only.A few friends and I went in to Bengal Tiger after reading some great reviews. The restaurant is small and cozy. Lunch specials are $8.95 which includes two entree's, white or brown rice, and naan. Being a vegetarian, I got the paneer makhani and baigan bartha as my entree. The baigan bartha had absolutely no flavor at all. The paneer makhani was mediocre at best. Would have loved it if it was a little more spicy. A couple of friends got some chicken entree's and they absolutely loved it. Friends raved about the chutneys that come with samosas and papadums.
Food and service are good.  Ate here as well as ordered for takeout.  I forgot my credit card when I last ordered takeout and the young lady who rang me up ran half a block to return my card to me without a coat.  It was super cold, probably in the 30s.  I am very grateful and will definitely be going back often.
This place is awesome.First, it is very tiny and you go up narrow stairs to get to it... A little hidden gem - just what we like!To start, the food was all superb- we will be craving this food. We had the paneer, butter chicken, lamb vindaloo (soooo spicy -they warned us- and delicious).The service was welcoming, fast, attentive. Absolutely nothing new to criticize. We had our two small children and they couldn't have been more wonderful to them. Finally, it was our daughter 's 4th birthday (she picked Indian) and when they found out, they brought her a dessert with a candle and played a birthday song over the speakers. Not necessary, but made our girl feel pretty darn special. Very kind.This only thing I pull day as a negative was the bathroom: it is small and not very.... Pleasant.... But I've seen a LOT worse and it didn't stop me from using it. I think it was clean, just not the nicest.On our next visit to NYC we will be back here. They won us over with the food alone, but their kindness and service gives us good reason to never go anywhere else for Indian in Midtown.
Excellent food very good price and excellent service. We were 4 people two adults and two teenagers and this was the first experience of Indian food for the youngsters. We ordered the menu with three course at $18.90 and shared the food all Chicken entrées. Lots of food and really excellent flavor. One of the best economical Indian restaurants I have dined at. Highly recommended if you visit NYC.
The Good:- Service was good but I was early and I think just their second lunch customer.- Quantity was good.  I left full.The Bad:It just wasn't that tasty.  It was also very bland.  Maybe I should have asked for spicy but they could have also asked (esp seeing that I'm Indian)
The best Indian I have ever had. BYOB. This is no brainer. If you want Indian food and are near then come in
BEST FOOD EVER!! I have never had Indian food before, and I was a little nervous about trying it. But I am so glad I did. I can honestly say this was the best food I have ever eaten in my entire life. I don't live in NY, but I wrote down the name of this restaurant and what I ordered so I can eat this food again when I return to NY.
Stopped here on a whim and was not disappointed! Great food and awesome service! Will definitely return when we get a chance!
Love. The food is to-die-for. We ordered several items to share, and everything was phenomenal. Especially great was the garlic nan and honey dumplings. The prices make it easy to have a large group share many dishes.
Came here on a Tuesday 8pm with a friend. Seated immediately but I think we just got lucky because a line started forming immediately after.Ambience/decor- Loved the dark wood and intimate candlelit tables- Quiet with view of the street- Giant mirrors in the hallway - great for when walking in and checking yourself out before dinner, but not so great when leaving and seeing your bloated self afterwards hahahaService- Super attentive waitstaff, filled water constantly and kept giving us extra napkins (even though we didn't ask for them)- Didn't rush us through meal and let us sit however long we wantedFood- Vegetable Samosa: huge, freshly made and delicious- Garlic Naan: My favorite thing here. I can eat endless amounts of this. Unfortunately only 4 pieces in an order!- Chicken Tikka Masala: so good! Creamy, flavorful, and tender- Chicken Korma: also yummy, but meat was a bit drier than the tikka masala- Kheer (rice pudding): amazing! Light and refreshing, sweet but not overly sweet. Wish there was more!I WISH I KNEW THIS PLACE WAS BYOB! I would've brought wine if I'd known beforehand. Overall, delicious meal though a bit pricey (~$46 for two after tax/tip at dinnertime). I'm a newcomer to Indian food but this is the best I've had so far! Will definitely be coming back.
Skip this place if your looking for good authentic Indian food... The roti was more like a pita toasted and the raita was sweet. The food was blah No achar just mango jelly and my butter chicken well white meat chicken squares in orange sauce. Staff was super nice and attentive.
Got the lunch special when I stopped in.  It's a small place where you order at the counter and you sit where you'd like after you pick up your food at the stand.  The rice was great, eggplant was really good, chicken vindaloo was actually SUPER spicy and delicious (even if the chicken part was a little overcooked), but the naan was a tad dry. For $10 its not a bad deal.  I highly recommend it.
Great little place serving what tastes like home-cooked food. The samosas were yummy, but the onion fritters were to die for! The two dipping sauces were the perfect complement. Both the lamb and chicken korma were excellent. Friendly service was the cherry on top.
Excellent food, even better service. Super attentive to napkin needs which was really nice.
I placed a delivery order from here. The chicken was a little dry, but the masala sauce was spot on. My guess is that if you dine in person, the moisture of the chicken might be a bit juicier. The naan was slightly over cooked, but still very good. The rice was perfect, and they did indeed cook it to the right temperature heat-wise!
Simple menu with the classic curries and a decent lunch deal. No better than a few other spots around midtown though, and more expensive. In particular the curry to rice ratio is a bit disappointing. Also spice flavors were kinda limited to "hot".
I came here for an early dinner with a friend and we almost went to an all-you-can-eat Indian place before changing our minds last minute. Boy am I glad we were so indecisive, this place has some of the best Indian food I have had in a while!The restaurant is located above some other stores on the second floor, so just look for the sign and enter for a short walk-up. We were seated within 3 minutes at around 6:00PM, but the place really filled up within 30 minutes. I really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere. BTW, the dinner comes with candles! Did someone say date spot? Yeah, I did.My friend ordered the Chicken Tikki Masala and Garlic Naan. I got the 3-Course Prix Fix with Lamb Spring Roll, Chicken Makhani, and Kheer because I'm fancy like that. The curry comes with rice and the chicken itself was tender and delicious. Loved the Garlic Naan. The Lamb Spring Roll, Vegetable Samosa, and Kheer were all tasty as well.Hold up, did you say Vegetable Samosa? You didn't order that, where did it come from?Hold your horses sir/madam, I am getting to it!A while after ordering, the server brought us two Vegetable Samosas and told us it was on the house. Why? Apparently, I was too handsome. But really, he said Lamb Spring Rolls were taking too long to come out. Honestly, it wasn't long enough for me to notice, but I'm a sucker for free food, so I indulged.The service here was excellent! I really felt like a king while dining here, my cup of water was constantly filled to the brim. It was a little ridiculous how much they refilled my water: ¾ full? Refill. One sip? Refill. I really appreciate it, but I think the place could benefit from having bigger cups. It's a shame I work so far away from here, the lunch special seems to be a great deal.TL;DR Awesome food, proactive service, and cozy atmosphere.
A very delicious Indian spot. Walk up the stairs and you get to the restaurant which at first looks very hole-in-the-wall-y, but is actually nice and cozy. We came for dinner late on a Wednesday night with no reservations and had to wait a bit for our party of 2. They really struggled to get people seated quickly. Our table had been open for a good 5 minutes or so and simply needed to be wiped down. It was a bit frustrating as the host was just standing around during that time and could've done so quickly. The food was terrific! The samosa was great in a nice duo of sauces. We got the aloo gobi and the chicken vindaloo (such good quality chicken and very spicy and heavily curry flavored). The menu is somewhat limited - no briyani for example - but it's expected for a small place. I do wish they served raita and naan with it and not charge extra. I know many Indian places do this, but I do think it'd be a nice add-on for the prix fix menu. The rice pudding was barely edible. I LOVE rice pudding and this one tasted almost flavorless - I do wish you got your pick of a desert when you order the prix fix!We will still come back though!
Definitely skeptical of getting good indian food in the city but Bengal Tiger changed my mind. The rosemary nann was killer. I ended up doing the 3 prix fix and had the Baigan Bhartha as the entree. The eggplant was spiced perfectly and not overbearing.The place is kinda small but the atmosphere is calming.
This place is just okay. You get what you pay for as it is very reasonably priced. We ordered the spicy vindaloo and it was unnecessarily over spiced to the point that we couldn't actually taste the dish properly. I'm Indian and can handle hot food. The naan bread was alright, nothing special. The service was attentive. Based on the reviews I was looking forward to this place and wish I could have written a better review about the food!
Had dinner there. Unprepossessing exterior but nice enough on the inside. Small menu and no alcohol. Decent mango lassi. Good pakora, vindaloo and CTM. Unlike another reviewer, I didn't think that the sauces were thin, however, while we ordered everything "hot" it was just hot with not much of a delicate array of spices.
Hungry tummies, tired feet - Bengal Tiger filled the bill. Got the lunch specials. Was pleasantly surprised how spicy the Vindaloo was.
I came here a few weeks ago with the boyfriend and it was divine! We came for an early dinner around 5:00pm on a Friday and pretty much had the place to ourselves! Waitstaff is incredibly kind and knowledgable and always on their toes! Several waiters made sure our glasses were full and genuinely cared if we enjoyed our food. And when walking out, we were thanked by several of them for coming in. Now that's 5 star service! We got the prix fixe which is an excellent deal and actually a TON of food. We struggled to finish more than 60% of our meal from being stuffed!!! The chicken tikka masala was superb, and the chicken vindaloo was VERY spicy but so good. My boyfriend really doesn't normally like spicy food but was certainly impressed with the food and the amazing flavor they pack into these meals! The basmati rice was delicious and the kheer (rice pudding dessert) is exactly what you need after a spicy and satisfying meal. My only tip for management is to add less garlic to the garlic naan! Was a bit hard to eat with so much garlic. I'd recommend yelpers to try their other flavors of naan.All in all it was an excellent experience and will definitely be returning!
If you are in NYC and are looking for good Indian, do not be led astray by the fancy decor and bright lights of other establishments. This is the real deal. It's small and intimate and the staff takes such good care of you. You feel like you might be in someone's rectangular shaped apartment eating a cozy dinner with friends.  As soon as you walk in you smell all the spices and you just know it's going to be an enjoyable meal.  We all opted on getting the 3 course fixed menu for $17.95 because you can't beat that deal. Appetizer, entree and dessert!  Vegetable Samosa (pea and potato turnover) and I got the Tikka Masala (light cream tomato sauce, grilled chicken). We topped it off with a basket fresh cilantro naan, some of the best I've ever had. I can't recommend this place more if you are feeling an Indian vibe while you are in the city.
Was craving Indian food and was searching on Seamless for a good place. On Seamless, they are labeled similarly to on Yelp. They are rated relatively high and their price range is $$. It seemed like a solid choice for my cravings.I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo. It was great, perfect amount of spice! I have had some that are so spicy you can't eat it. This was spicy, but satisfying and not too crazy. The delivery time was also as expected. They said it would be there at 8:30 and it came at 8:35. They called me and were right at my front door. It was perfect service. I will DEFINITELY order from them, and I will definitely go in for a sit down meal soon!
This is not Indian food. Breads were not cooked properly and all the entrees just tasted like garlic and ginger.
Fantastic Indian food. The aroma of the restaurant was incredible and the food was full bodied, flavorful and rich. The meat samosas were delicious. All white meat chicken in the Vindaloo, lamb Korma was just mildly spicy and so creamy and nutty. The naan was soft and very lightly crispy-- absolutely perfect.  BYOB so we stopped at a wine store a block away and picked up a bottle of Chardonnay that was perfectly paired with the meal. Service was friendly and we were not rushed to leave after the meal. Wonderful all around-- is come back again and again.
First time trying Indian food with the boyfriend! It was absolutely delicious. Small, but cozy place. I recommend the 3 course meal for only $18.95 each with a mango lassi (smoothie). I Can't wait to go back soon!
You can find hundreds and thousands of other animals in the jungle but very few TigerThis place has the right name and the quality of the food and their service makes them stand out Perfectly cooked and served with smile
This is a cute little gem in midtown! The food was tasty, made perfectly spicy and the staff was very accommodating. The chicken tikka (I believe that's what it was) under the appetizers was a tiny bit dry but still yummy- ask for the green chutney to really give it a kick! The mango lassi is amazing, not too sweet or heavy. The price is perfect for the portions and service is quick. On the day we went, it was cash only but not sure if that's an everyday thing or if their systems were down. Id call and check before visiting!
Was in the area and came in for lunch today.  Lunch special prices were great and the food was great in general. The quantity of food was also more than expected.4 stars and not 5 because of two things that happened:First, I ordered vindaloo. Vindaloo is supposed to be very spicy. And as such I was warned twice about it when I was ordering. However when I got the food, it was nowhere near the spice that vindaloo should be. Not an authentic experience.Secondly, I asked for water, but no water came with my order. I went back to the counter and both employees were standing back there on their phones. One was talking and the other texting, oblivious that a customer was waiting for them.
Long wait but worth it. The tikki masala was on point and plenty of veggie options for the wife. Great value for the quality and quantity of food you get. Left feeling stuffed!
Great price for great food. Usually you get 2 little pieces of naan for that price at other places. Here you get a decent sized platter of deliciousness. Plus everything else was awesome. It got me laid so
Believe the reviews!  Excellent food & service! We tried the prix fixe dinner. Good value.We tried the vegetable samosa (it's quite large), chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, & garlic naan.Everything was delicious and flavorful with just the right amount of spices.The waitstaff was so attentive and sincere. Rare find.We'll definitely be back...highly recommended.
A weakness of mine is Indian food and a cool vibe. Fast, polite, seat yourself, yay.Order the lunch special at 9 bucks and you won't need to eat for the rest of the day. You get two main dishes bread and rice. I am pretty sure I over ordered, but nothing could be easier than leftover Chicken Tikka Masala!I can't wait to come here on a snowy day.
Really great food, nice cozy atmosphere. Went pretty early on a Sunday and got the last table so assuming it gets pretty busy at peak times. Had garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, daal, lamb korma and rasmalai for dessert and everything was delicious! Also, it's BYOB so it was nice to enjoy some wine with dinner. They didn't even charge us the $5 corkage fee listed on their menu. Highly recommend and we will be returning!
Amazing authentic Indian food with a homemade taste. The pakoras are a must. The vindalo was a bit spicy but still amazing. Priced very well for what you get.
What a find... If you can find it!  I don't think I can find the words here if you love Indian food!  Look for the address and a door leading to a stairway!The tastiest Chicken Tikka and Samosas we have ever had!  The 3 course meal is the way to go!  Small place so get there early and try to sit by the window to get a great view of the street!  Portions are plenty and you can tell that all the workers there care about your experience at their Restraunt!  Best Value by Far in NYC!
Came in for lunch on a weekday before heading out east and it was busy so I got some food to go. Which resulted in probably the best meal I've had in Penn Station. The food was great and filling for a reasonable price from a cozy little walk up restaurant. Thank you fellow yelpers for the recommendation.
Echo everything else that has been said. Lunch special is amazing deal. Nice atmosphere for dining in (byo policy doesn't hurt matters). Super kind and competent service. LOVE BENGAL TIGER
Amazing authentic Indian food!!!!!!!  Must visit.  I'd recommend the curry chicken- spicy!!  The service is phenomenal too.
Vegetable samosa was really excellent. Had two chicken dishes, tikka marsala and tandoori. Both very good - really good quality white meat. Regular Marsala not spicy at all so get it spicy if you like it hot. Baigon bharta was very flavorful. Overall very good service. Will definitely come back.
The Korma was amazing, the naan was hot and delicious. Definitely a recommend for a quick bite!
Food was average, paneer was good but veg korma was below par. Restrooms were not very clean. Overall just ok experience
**BYOB - no corkage fee**Excellent, clean space with fast service and solid lunch selection at a great price.First, you walk up this narrow, "meh" looking staircase and think you're about to end up in some hole in the wall.  However, this Indian establishment is unlike the others in Midtown in that it is super clean, modern, and not yet ridiculously crowded.  You're able to have a nice, un-rushed lunch here with plenty of natural lighting.Opt for the lunch combo and it runs you $8.26 for 2 main dishes and a choice of brown/basmati rice and naan.  Add $1 for lamb choices.  This means you can go all veggie, meat + veggie, or meat + meat.  I don't think food is cooked to order - it comes out pretty fast.I went for the lamb vindaloo and mashed eggplant (forgot what the actual name was).  The lamb was tender and not too gamey, but the sauce could have had a bit more kick to it for being "vindaloo".  It had the typical dark red sauce.  The mashed eggplant (with garlic, tomatoes, and other yum ingredients) was amazing.  It was slightly tangy, not too mushy, and all the flavors came together very well.  I would definitely recommend this vegetarian side.  The naan was not special.  It tasted like pita bread and didn't give me the "ahh" satisfaction that good naan usually gives.  Basmati rice was a little on the firm side.  If it weren't for the mediocre naan, firm rice, and mildness of the vindaloo, this place would have deserved 5 stars from my  first visit.Overall, best choice for Indian food in Midtown.  Will definitely be back.
Fantastic, authentic food. Bengal Tiger is a true gem of a restaurant in midtown. Although it doesnt have a massive menu, every item on the list is perfected and delicious. Keep up the great work, Bengal Tiger, you guys are the best in the city!
I was just there last night and I loved it. I'm not really fond of Indian cuisine but after last night,it changed my outlook on Indian food.I am so impressed.Foods tasted great, real Indian food. Really good!
Cheapest eat around Manhattan I've encountered during my visit. Awesome price & delicious food. Note : Spicy here means 6-7 out of 10 since the regular was spicy for me . Chai tea AWESOME . Mango Lassi AWESOME - consistency was like a thick drinkable yogurtFood itself was very delicious. Will be back on my next visit.
Incredible. Beautiful, rich flavours. Would absolutely recommend. Great value for money too.
My son ordered this to our hotel room late one night because he had to try Indian food in NYC before we left town. He has not stopped talking about it, even two weeks after being home. He says that it was the best chicken curry he has ever had. I tested it myself, and it was delicious. The portion was huge, and the price was very reasonable. He and I would recommend this to anyone looking for a late night Indian fix.
EDIT: I just received a very kind letter from the restaurant owner, who said that substitute chef was working last night. He offered us a meal on the house to make it right. As we live in NJ, I don't know when we could take him up on his offer, but I wanted to make sure this was noted.ORIGINAL REVIEW:There is supposed to be a good restaurant at this address. Did it magically get replaced just for tonight?First, the good: the staff was attentive, the space was cozy, and the water cups were distinctive.Now, everything else. The pakoras were cold and greasy. More like overcooked latkes.The baigan bharta was cold, oversalted, and overwhelmed with cumin. There was no other appreciable flavor. Nobody really ate it. I got some raita to dress it up. The raita was gloppy and sweet, like it had been made with mayonnaise.The vegetable korma was vegetables in yellow cream. No flavor, much zucchini.Now, the coconut naan. Take a supermarket pita bread. Heat. Slather with movie theater popcorn butter. Drizzle with a similarly artificial, yet altogether incongruous coconut taste. Serve.
Huge portion sizes but still delicious - we couldn't finish. Generous serving of brown or basmati rice with plain naan and two dishes of your choice for lunch for approximately $10 per person. We tried chicken tikka, chicken korma and saag paneer. All delicious. Also ordered an extra size of garlic naan, which we took back to our hotel room. The only downside - closes between 3-5pm. We got there at 2:30 and we're able to stay an extra 10-15 minutes past closing to finish our meal.
Amazing Indian food in NYC. It's on the second floor of a building and there's not much seating so go before 6PM to get a good seat, but it's worth it. The chicken tikka masala, naan, and mango chutney are perfect. The service amazing. This may sound weird but their ice water is somehow amazing too and so refreshing.The only downside if their chai. It comes in a very fancy tea cup that doesn't match the restaurant or how they make chai in India. Indian chai is sweeter and this places' chai is not at all and therefore not very good. They also don't give you much of it for the price.Other than that, I'd go back!
Awesome food - they were great with our 1.5yo daughter and made sure we had thing to entertain her and that she could eat and drink without making us feel like we were imposing.
We stumbled on The Bengal Tiger and were pleasantly surprised.  We had the Chicken Tika Masala and Chicken Curry along with Garlic Naan. They were EXCELLENT!  Our host was even gracious enough to bring us dessert because of our wait.  That wasn't expected.  Go if you get the chance!
Bengal Tiger is just what you'd want when you're on vacation looking for a good local hole in the wall place. It's intimate, decorated well and the food is fabulous. The garlic naan is to-die-for and the Tikka Masala was fantastic! So glad we found this authentic Indian restaurant!
Best Indian food ever! Visiting the city for a few days and had dinner here. We all shared everything. We ordered the chicken curry, chicken sage, chicken tikka masala, and we also got the pakora as an appetizer! Amazing!
Decent lunch place, better than typical lunch buffet but that's about it. Brown rice is very bland and dry, curries are very ordinary specially the Baigan and Saag Paneer. Indikitch has much better taste and flavorful options. But will come here again to try some more items. Gave it 4 starts for now as this is better than other places near by. But if you don't mind walking couple of blocks, will recommend Indikitch.
Food is decent. Got there too late for the lunch special however :[. I think they changed the times, lunch special ends like 30 minutes earlier now. Chicken tikka was a little dry. I've had better to be honest.
18.95 pre fixe with Mulligatawny Soup, Lamb Vindaloo and Kheer (rice pudding) on a Saturday night, in the upstairs window.  Good food, good price, good service.If only I hadn't been to a better Indian place already in Manhattan, I would be much more impressed.  Good problem to have, huh?The waiter warned me several times about the Vindaloo heat and then came back and checked to make sure I was okay.  Usually, if I think something is a little spicy, other people rate it as very spicy.  This was very hot.  For me, it was just what I look for when someone says "very spicy."  Just under masochism, with the flavor of the dish still showing through.  I mean, I don't mind a masochistic spice intensity every now and then but not as a rule anymore.  I wouldn't recommend the vindaloo to you unless you have a lifetime of heat tolerance, but it was good.The soup was good too, though not as good as the best I've had.  Check mark for the rice pudding as well.  This place has great, honest, rustic Indian food without room for complaint.  A good solid, casual showing.  Affordable, tasty and easy enough to go regularly.
I cried! I had to order a glass of milk! So spicy! Warning! The Vindaloo is REALLY spicy, the menu warns about this.I ordered the Chicken curry which was amazing. My boyfriend ordered the Vindaloo. It was really, really good. But super duper hot. The waiters and busboys are very attentive about refilling the water...I see why. My mouth was on fire.Best Indian food I have ever had, despite my tears.I had nibbles of my boyfriend's Vindaloo and sadly had to wimp out and order a glass of milk. A manager came over to ask if I was ok after I ordered the milk. My eyes were teary. Usually I don't take menu spicy warnings seriously, but take this one seriously. Order the Vindaloo with caution...or a glass of milk.The mulligatawny soup was great as well.You go up some totally sketchy stairs to get in but the inside is warm and inviting once you're there. It can get VERY busy. It was packed pretty early (~6pm) on a weeknight.
The food is excellent... When I'm in NYC this is normally one of my first dinner stops. I'm a sucker for a good vindaloo and this one of my favorites. There is usually a line upstairs but I've never waited more than 15-20 mins.
A delicious, inexpensive meal with attentive staff.  There is a 3 course meal that gives a generous appetizer and entree, as well as a rice pudding desert.  The spice level was perfect (6/10 for me), and the chicken Tikka Masada had perfext, succulent tender bites of chicken.   Also BYOB, though I didn't make use of it.
Love this place for lunch! Convenient to offices near or around 5th ave. Very nice cashier, very affordable lunch special. Make sure to call your order in or walk-in and order as opposed to using eat24.com to place your order -- it's $1.00 more online and not a huge advantage. Chicken vindaloo was great, naan was great, very good value!
Bengal Tiger is not only the best Indian food I've had it NYC, it may just be the best Indian food I've had EVER! This place did it right with the food and service from start to finish.We called to make reservations while on Amtrak and they offered to save a table for 6 people and told us they would have the table ready for us as long as we called 10 minutes before our arrival. That was just the beginning of what was exceptional service from start to finish.At first glance, we were surprised by 2 things: (1) This place is BYOB so come prepared! and (2) It is a bit of a hole in the wall. We actually thought we had the wrong place and were walking up stairs into someone's apartment. The inside was a long narrow hallway with a kitchen and one restroom in the back and sparse decorations. That being said, decorations and ambiance are no substitution for stellar food and service. Our waiter provided fantastic recommendations and descriptions of each dish. He even offered options by spice level so that we could try to callibrate our tastes to the level of spiciness. For 6 people with a range of spice tolerance, this was no easy task. The chef did an excellent job cooking to our specifications. The waiter also provided us with directions to the nearest Duane Reade so that we could grab beer for the table.The food was fantastic! We had 3 different types of naan - garlic, coconut (whose sweet flavor was an excellent match for some of the more spicy food) and a 3rd which I forgot and did not try. They have a great 3 course prix fix which includes an appetizer, entree (lamb, chicken, or vegetarian) and dessert for $17.95 - a steal for how much food you get and for the quality. Each one of us shared our plates - chicken vindaloo (spicy), lamb saag, and chicken marsala. We thoroughly enjoyed each one. Despite being hungry, we were unable to complete everything and left more than full. The next day we were craving the food again. As if the food and service was not already phenomenal, as we were getting ready to leave the staff brought out extra dessert with candles (they had overheard that there was a birthday at our table) and sang happy birthday. Fantastic experience all-around. Well done Bengal Tiger!
I've never had Indian food before so I wanted to make my first experience special. I'm so glad I decided to try out this place first because it was by far the BEST (and only) Indian food I've ever had. We loved the 3-course prix fix menu, it gave us plenty of options to try out each course. We got Appetizer: Mulligatawny Soup (Comfort food! perfect for the cold weather in NYC)Entree: Tikka Masala & Tandoori Chicken Tikka (they don't offer this dish on the prix fix menu so we ordered it as a separate entree)Dessert: Kheer, which is cashew nut rice pudding. It was sweet and delicious! The price was VERY reasonable and the service was superb. This place was way more than expected. As I do not live in NYC, I'm definitely going to miss this place.
I love the lamb curry! My husband had the "hot" lamb (can't remember the exact name) and it was also great! The place is cute, but small- or cozy. Tip: if you want wine, best BYOB. There is a small corking fee. I would def go back!
Nice cozy restaurant in midtown.  Very unassuming unless you're looking for it.  The different sauces were very tasty (rich buttery taste) and the spice-level was good (maybe a bit mild).My table ordered the pakora, the chicken tiki masala, lamb vindaloo and aloo gobi matar.  The waiter mixed up our pakora with the samosas, but graciously offered us the samosas on the house.  The spicy sauce that came with the pakora and samosas was pretty delicious, just enough kick.  The other dishes--the chicken tiki masala, lamb vindaloo and aloo gobi matar came in small metal bowls.  Portions are a little on the small side so be sure to order some rice and naan to fill you up.  My favorite sauce was the tiki masala because of the butter.  The chicken was white meat so it seemed a little on the dry side for my liking.  The vindaloo sauce was rather spicy in my opinion.  The aloo gobi matar was pretty good.  I would probably go again just for the tiki masala.
Their lunch special is a great deal. They serve generous portions and the food is delicious. The brown rice is flavorful, seasoned with cumin seeds. My favorite dishes are the Chicken Tikka Masala and Aloo Gobi. The Chana Masala is also very good. I find the naan can be hit or miss, though. Perhaps it depends on when you go?  The first time I got lunch from here it was tough and chewy, but recently it's been soft. It is perfect for soaking up the sauces!
Had a quite memorable meal here at Bengal Tiger on a cold Saturday night. The wait was definitely somewhat of a chore but not unexpected given how popular and small this place is. We waited about 20-30 min for a table and the restaurant have enough seats about maybe 20-25 people total.However once we sat down it was definitely well worth the wait. They did a really really good job with waiter service that multiple people constantly going around I was really pleasantly surprised at how organized and efficient they are at taking orders and getting the food out. They even have another person focused on just refilling water and beverages for the entire restaurant, definitely makes sense seeing how the place is tiny.The $19.95 prefix menu is definitely a great choice to try out several items at once. The Tikka Masala and Naan are easily worth 5 stars alone but I really like the Saag dish as well. I've had quite countless of Indian dishes around NY and this is without a doubt one of the best ones I've tasted in the area. The portions were larger than I expected that I had to take the Kheer rice pudding dessert to go along with plenty of leftovers.Despite the long wait I left the restaurant very full and happy that I'm very fortunate to have try out this amazing Indian restaurant.
This review is on a take away order and i have to say that i was pleased with the food offered at this restaurant.Is it authentic indian food? No but who cares as long as it is fresh and the flavours are here.I knocked 1 star for the amount of rice offered as side to the generous portion of chicken makhani.The level of spices is well balanced and if you choose your dish spicy then you are going to be happy as it is without being way too much.My advice is to take some mango lassi to wash off the spicy taste afterward.The naan bread offered as we check in on Yelp is a very good point and they know about it.Will definitely go back.
Amazing food. Had dinner here on a Saturday night. No reservations here. Waited about 20 minutes and were seated. The inside is small and the decor is nice. The staff were super friendly and very attentive. We ordered the Samosa, Garlic Naan, Chicken Tikka Masala (Medium Spice) and Tandoori Chicken. It was all delish. Loved the flavors. Wow you have to order the garlic naan which was my favorite though. Amazing!!!! We also ordered the Mango Lassi which I wish they sold this in most smoothie places cause wow! this establishment is a BYOB, but only wine and beer which is of course understandable. I love it here. I will definitely be back.
Fantastic little hole in the wall. Food is fantastic, wait staff is excellent, prices are reasonable and portions are large. Legit good Indian food. I couldn't come here too often, since the food is SOOOO heavy, but it's SOOOO delicious. The place is tiny, so expect to wait if you come during peak hours. It's worth it. Also, the stairs are steep and creaky, so just a heads up; there's not an elevator option to my knowledge. Good food, good drinks, good desserts. They have the trifecta and they have my love.
The food is amazing here! We got Paneer Makhani, Malai Kofta, Daal, Garlic Naan and Roti. Everything was fabulous! My friends loved it too. Very warm staff and great service. I am from Chicago but I go here every time I am in NYC
Really good Indian food near Central Park. We were walking back from a visit to the Metropolitan Museum of Art and intentionally sought this place out. It's upstairs in a small space that makes me think of old NYC. Fantastic friendly service rounds out a great meal. The lamb curry is exceptional.
We found this place on Yelp and decided to try it. Despite often being in the neighborhood for my commute, I'd never heard of this place.They had great food and were extremely quick (too quick really) with their service. The food was really good but they asked us if we were finished multiple times when we clearly weren't and there was still food on our plates. Other than that, it was a good experience. If you're in the area, I think it's a good choice.
As good as ever.  Unless my memory is failing me, this was my go-to spot when I lived here over 20 years ago. After an excursion to the Top of the Rock with my family, my husband made a request  for Indian cuisine. Our girls didn't know what to expect as we walked up the unassuming stairs to the second floor. This was their first experience with Indian food. We requested mild (but super spicy for Marc). Everything was superb. Chicken tikka masala, chicken Korma, vegetable Korma, and chicken vindaloo. YUM!
Came here a while ago in February when I was visiting a friend in New York.What I remember was that this place has really great service- they filled my water up so many times! Wait staff all very friendly and helpful! I got the Chana masala (chickpeas) and my friend got the chicken tikka masala as part of her 3 course price fixed menu! They have  3 course price fixed menu for $19.95 which includes an appetizer, main entree and dessert! I thought the Chana masala was pretty good- pretty spicy, but I was almost hoping it'd be a little thicker. My friend's chicken tikka masala was good, but again definitely had a strong kick from the spice. I honestly found that the food was average compared to other places I've tried. It had a really nice intimate setting and a pretty romantic vibe with mostly candlelight, so maybe a good place for a first date and if you're looking for a good deal- price wise, I thought it was worth it.
My go-to casual spot for Indian food! The staff is always so friendly and the food come out fast. There is usually a short wait during peak dinner hours due to the small space but it is definitely worth it.
Dont be decieved by the stairwell entrance. Nice restaurant wifh great currys, and got free naan bread with yelp check in. Wait staff were friendly.
The restaurant was very nice, service was good and food was delicious. I took off 1 star because my chicken tikka masala was a bit too sweet for me. Also got 1 free naan for check in.
Really good service and I loved the tiger design that all the staff wear. The decor and ambiance is very pleasant. Price point is also good considering this is midtown.My friends and I ordered two Naans, cilantrol and garlic. The baingan bharta curry, and chicken tikka curry. We also ordered a spinach appetizer I can't remember what it was called. I would say overall the food was just okay. The tikka could be a bit more creamy/smooth and the baingan bharta could use a bit more pizazz.Not sure I would come again, but would recommend for others to check out.
Delicious. I ordered chicken masala and lamb curry. My friend order chicken homemade curry and chicken korma. Cheapest meal I had in NYC for my vacation. Portion is good, we couldn't finish them but I think for lunch is good
Having jet lag means getting cravings to eat at random times throughout the day. Good thing we were in NYC, in which restaurants are commonly open during the lunch-dinner break. We came in here for a 3pm "lunch" which was enjoyed by all members of our party.It was a bit intimidating when they asked us for a spice level "between 3 and 7 stars". That's when I knew this place was the real deal :D! Between all of us we tried the saag paneer, chicken tikka masala, and I think the vindaloo (?). Everything we tried was delicious, and the free naan (from checking in on yelp) was a perfect complement to the meal.Service was very good and attentive. The place, while not full, was far from empty, even for being 3 in the afternoon. There were also some lunch specials that were only available on weekdays--definitely take advantage if you happen to stop in then!
This place never fails to disappoint. I used to live close by and it was my go to Indian restaurant. Even after moving downtown I will still take a trip uptown because I am craving it. The samosas to start are delicious. It comes with a spicy cilantro sauce that is amazing. My go to is the chicken tikka masala. It is perfect with garlic naan. I also like their house curry. It tastes similar but better for those who don't like a tomato taste. I will say I love spicy food. Normally I'd order a 8/10 spicy level. I have ordered the chicken vindaloo from here and it was a 15/10. I could hardly eat it. They have a warning which I shrugged off because I like spicy...but believe them! It's spicy. This place is also BYOB which is another thing I love.
I thoroughly enjoyed this place! They have some of the best Indian foods in the city. I ordered chicken tikka masala with garlic naan, and left satisfied for a delicious lunch. It's a great place for a casual lunch or dinner. I think it's also a great place for someone who'sa  never tried Indian cuisine.
Ready...Start your engines! I hope you can eat as fast as a Bengal Tiger because you'll need to be able to! The mission: You and your friends have a finite amount of minutes to eat your meal in peace! If you fail you will be harassed and there is no subtlety! They do not want you here no more, and it's time to take that booty out the door! Don't be fooled by the speed eaters here, and forget about enjoying your meal. If you love Game Shows and perhaps the Price is Right game, Beat the Clock, then this is a great place to train for it.
Above and beyond efforts to cater to families with small children.  Wonderful introduction to the city and restores small town charm in NYC.  Lamb curry THE dish to order..  go garlic naan!
This place was awesome! Me and my Grandmother came here I am from LA she live in Boston I found this place on yelp and it was excellent! Service was wonderful, filled water promptly, wonderful food. I would definitely come back!
Great food! Great ambiance! But what won me over was the wait staff. They were so attentative, not overwhelming in anyway. But they made me feel comfortable enough that I can ask for anything and they will provide it.
Their mango lassi is the best I've ever had. It tasted so fresh! Their food is also very fresh. Love  everything we ordered (vegetable samosa, lamb spring roll, saag paneer, chicken vindaloo). It was worth the wait! This place is BYOB. Their corkage fee is $2 per bottle of beer and $5 per bottle of wine.
Came on a whim. Got weirded out that it was on the second floor. Got over myself and went up for dinner. GREAT decision. Food is REALLY good. Service is friendly and attentive. Restaurant is CLEAN. I'll be back here soon!
Really great Indian food restaurant. We ordered two curries, one chicken one lamb. Both of them are delicious!!! The nan is good and service is good! It is on the less spicy side, which I prefer.The decoration is a little bit too simple but if you want to have good food and don't care too much of the environment, this place works perfect for you!
The reviews were great for this place so I decided to try it. I was not impressed the food did not have great taste and the lamb tasted like roast beef. I was told the Lamb vindaloo was hot but it wasn't. Not great.
Amazing food and service! Delish!! We had the Paneer Makhani, Chana Masala, Garlic Naan and Vegetable Samosas. It was the perfect meal. I highly recommended Bengal Tiger and will return.
Raita totally ruined it for me. It was so creamy with a whacky taste, couldn't eat more than a few spoons. Panner makhani was average. Many better Indian restaurants around. Take your business elsewhere in Manhattan.
This place has so incredibly delicious food.  We ordered the lamb vindaloo and the tandoori chicken.  Both had wonderful favors, even the raita that came with the tandoori chicken.  Just delicious.  Love that it's a BYOB too.  Can't wait to get back here again soon
A hidden gem in Manhattan.  Very nondescript spot that deserves more recognition for excellent quality food and attentive service.  It is a BYO establishment.  The meals appear to be prepared one at a time and certainly taste that way.  The lamb curry was spicy but not hot to the point of killing the excellent taste that was embedded with the multiple spice elements.  Cardamom was prominent and indeed made such an aromatic curry come to life.  What a taste sensation.  The accompanying order of mango chutney was superfluous but indeed did add more complexity to the excellent taste of the lamb.  The samosas were piping hot and spicy but not overpowering.  Crispy outside but not excessively thick to the point of taking over the wonderfully spicy and aromatic vegetable filling. The chickpeas were superb.  A curry sauce with a deep mix of spices that made the dish explode with flavor in your mouth.  Firm but not crunchy chickpeas with the aromatic basmati rice were a perfect combination.  We went for medium to high heat and it was the right choice.  What a find!  I came here because the Yelpers said it was that good, and it is!  Price to quality ratio and great service make this a 5.
We are a group of three who arrived at the restaurant, with no prior reservation, around 8:30pm. The restaurant is small and was busy. We had to wait around 15 minutes to be seated. During this wait, the staff were excellent and attentive to us. We were given an appetizer on the house to enjoy while waiting which was a nice touch. We ordered one each if the plain naan, garlic naan and cilantro naan. My personal favourite was the cilantro naan. In addition we tried the paneer makhani, chicken makhani and raita. Everything tasted great. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone in NYC who likes indian food.
I love lunch specials! For $9.19, you get two choices of entree (I went with Chicken Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer, but there are plenty of veggie, chicken, or lamb options), brown or basmati rice, and naan. There isn't a ton of seating, but we managed to find a spot. The food was tasty, and I couldn't even finish my whole portion. The service was really friendly and quick, and I'll definitely go back if I'm in the area.
Not bad, not great. I had chicken korma and the chicken was a little tough and dry. I guess I was just expecting a little more.
Worth the wait! Get the coconut naan, and the samosas. But make sure you still have room for your entree! So good, I was stuffed!!!!
Beyond delicious food, incredible service, fun and charming staff and manager, great crowd and despite being packed and a short 30min wait in close quarters we had a fantastic time! BYOB was a nice treat (head to the wine and spirits store over on 55th st. close by.) Best Indian food, plus the seating caused us to make friends with the table next to us. Thank you so much! Can't wait to head back again.
Wow! Awesome restaurant! Friendly yet meticulous service. Great chicken tikka masala, spicy and hearty. The lentil soup was thick and tasty and the lamb korma was delicious as well. You can bring your own beer for a small fee, I'd recommend doing that. Also, don't miss the rice pudding with nuts for dessert.
Good ambience, but not an authentic indian taste.curries are on the sweeter side- do not taste good. Would not recommend if you are looking for authentic indian food in NY
Tasty and authentic place. The chicken was a little bit "well done", but overall a very good experience. Service was good, and prices are reasonable. Recommended.
The food was really good and the place is clean. I highly recommend this place if your craving Indian food and the service was fast.
horrible food.curries were terrible. dal was the worst. this place was worse than many $ indian food restaurants i have been to. save your money and try any other indian restaurant
Bengal Tiger is a great spot for affordable Indian food in Midtown. We didn't try it for a while because the address is West 56th street, but it's not that far from the East side. The pakora are the best I've had. They are slightly spicy with lots of a onion and a little spinach. This is the appetizer for everyone. The Samosa are also very good. The entrees are generously portioned. The chicken tikka masala has a nice tomato flavor, is a bit spicy, and has a sufficient amount of very juicy chicken. If you like Indian food and don't want to break the bank, check out Bengal Tiger!
A wonderful find (thanks, Yelp). Delicious food and great choices of different naan flavors. We enjoyed the quiet background music and great service!
The food was tasty but the quantity was too much and so was the price. It felt like I was eating at an indian mess, where food  had turned out to be tasty. The restaurant offers self-service,  but food comes served in the plate directly from the kitchen, which turned me off. The ambience is good, but the place is relatively small. Good for people - on-the-go, not for family visits.
Simple, great tasting, non-pretentious, simple menu, great value...can't really ask for more.  The seating is limited, so that can be a pain but going a bit after standard lunch time works okay.
Awesome spot for a quick lunch. Food is really inexpensive but great quality. Small dining room but cozy feeling. Would recommend.
Absolutely phenomenal, food was delicious, staff is very attentive, prices are great. Definitely must try!
I have a feeling that, despite being from New York, Trump has never eaten at this restaurant and that makes him a poor man, indeed.  Every mouthful of the meal - from the soup to the chicken saag to the kheer -  was a delight.  Balanced spices, creamy textures, tender meats and copious serving sizes!  The service was attentive and patient and friendly.  A must-go for lovers of Indian food!
The service was excellent and the ambience was really nice. They have the best naan. I ordered the Aloo Gobi Mattar and it was pretty good, but I have had better. I would definitely return here though.
Surprisingly, pretty good Indian food. Wasn't sure what to expect, but seeing that this restaurant has pretty good yelp ratings, I decided to give it a try.I had the Chicken Tikki Masala from the lunch special which was $9. Unlike most Indian restaurants in the area, the chicken was actually quite flavorful. It came with rice and naan, and for the price, was a pretty good value. I wish the chicken had more gravy though.The place doesn't look fancy, but doesn't look like a cheap restaurant either. There's no waiter service, so you pick up your food and chose any table that you like.
Food is very good, price is reasonable, service is really friendly and accommodating.
Want Indian food? You better freakin' get your ass to Bengal Tiger!For the price you pay, you get SO much food. I've always done Indian buffetts in the past, but the ones in New York are a bit on the pricier side and the quality isn't always great. At Bengal Tiger, the 3-course prixe fixe dinner for around $20 is high quality and will fill you up completely.I started with the samosa for my meal, followed by the chicken tikka masala, and the kheer. Our table also ordered some garlic naan to share.I've never loved samosas. They just never seemed that appetizing to me. But oh man, when I got this samosa at Bengal Tiger, I just wanted to eat them nonstop. They're so good! The sauce that they have on the side is extremely flavorful and the samosas themselves have the perfect crunch without being too greasy or oily.The chicken tikka masala was absolutely delicious. I love that it comes in this cute little metal bowl. I paired the chicken tikka with the rice and garlic naan and was in heaven. Their naan is soft, but crispy, and the garlic isn't overpowering. This was key, since a lot of garlic naan I've had before just tasted straight up like garlic. The portion size is veeeeery generous and I saved some of the chicken and rice to take home and snack on later.Their kheer though was also so fantastic! I love rice pudding and this rice pudding has the perfect consistency. You can taste the cashews and the kheer itself is not too sweet.Service was great and the restaurant is extremely clean. It's a bit on the small side (upstairs of the building), but their dark wood tables are beautiful and creates an intimate feel. Definitely my go to Indian place, and they are even on Seamless for delivery!
My wife and I, being hardcore Indian cuisine lovers, went on a frantic search to find THE Indian joint to frequently visit. We're new to NYC, so our selection is purely based on recommendations. Going through many sad ones, it was a bit depressing. However, once we tried Benghal Tiger, we were both happy and disappointed (and the review will be adjusted in the future).At first glance, this place was the real deal. The serving sizes were perfect, and the appetizers (veggie samosa) was amazing, so we knew this place knew how to make it right. Sadly, although the food itself was good, but he flavors had a missing spice or two that made a mildly spicy dish taste dull. And even though we requested the food to be spicy, they seemed like they were still was playing it safe. This could be due to multiple of reasons, but it changed our experience greatly.Once we were done, we were left with a sweet taste that will probably the reason why we might come back to explore be rest of the menu.The prices, however, kind of discouraged us from fully exploring the next time we'll be here, as we paid a bit too much for so little.
Worst indian food I had so far. Service and ambience is good, but vegitable curries and pathetic. I orderd panner tikka masala and vegitable tikka masala. Felt like throwing money in water!!
Really good Indian food and at a super reasonable price. I got the palak paneer and the chicken tikki masala for lunch and the sauce for the chicken tikki masala was so good. I wanted to dip all the naan I got in it. The lunch portion is really big, comes with rice and naan in addition to the two side choices. If I'm ever craving Indian food, this is the first place I would think of.
Absolutely fantastic food!! Such friendly service and really good quality food. A queue to get in but they worked so hard to seat us as soon as possible. We would definitely come back again. The Vindaloo was not too hot for us Aussies :)
Delicious food! I was craving indian food so I walked over to Bengal Tiger and had a chicken tikka masala and saag paneer lunch pack. The lunch packs come with rice and naan and are generous portions for a great price. Definitely a new lunchtime staple of mine.
Cute place to jump into- food was good, but it's small inside, the wait goes by quickly!  We order 3 entrees to split between 2 people and it was way too much food- bonus BYOB!
So delicious! Coming here with a friend on a Friday night before a show, we were lucky to be immediately seated. It's great to have this option for non-chain food in the theatre district. We ordered the saag lamb and paneer, which came with rice, and one order of garlic naan. This was plenty of food for two. The quality of the dishes was excellent, some of the best I've had in the city. It felt very ungreasy, the meat was good quality and really tender, and I wanted to soup up every last bit of the sauces. Looking forward to a repeat!
I am not exactly sure what all the rave was about this restaurant. My husband I and I came for dinner. The food was good but not anywhere near the 5-star expectation that yelp was giving. My dish was spicier than his and he asked for spicy. The naan was decent. Decent food but I am not sure it is worth waiting in line for since there are very few tables and you can't make reservations.
I was In town with my family and saw that this restaurant was close by. We really enjoyed the experience,the food was great, staff were friendly and attentive and everything was very reasonably priced. I will definitely eat here again.
Came to this place on January 6 for 2 birthdays celebration.  It was a group of 7 and one really dopey friend of mine went straight to the restaurant instead of the meeting point elsewhere.  So she decided to ignore all my text messages of where to meet and came straight to the restaurant and proceeded to ask for a table for 6!  She keeps calling me to tell me to hurry. Try hurrying 6 people who needed to go to different banks to get money before we all get there. Took us a good 15 minutes to finally get to the place. The place is small but they were so nice to let my friend take up a space for 6 for 15 minutes.  Usually in NY they wouldn't even entertain the notion of seating you until everyone is there. Then the realization hit and I said oh we need one more chair, seriously my friends don't freaking listen to me! I told her the number of people and she decided to minus one.  Instead of getting huffy, the servers were nice and said they will get us a chair.  They were just so nice for waiting and never given us an attitude about needing another chair.You know the food is good when there is a consistent line for this small place, people waited 20 minutes.  I had the Vegetable Samosa which was delicious with the sauce.  I also tried my friend's Pakora which was even tastier.  My main course was my favorite, Chicken Tikka Masala. I am definitely coming back because of this dish.  I also tried my friends' Saag and Curry Chicken.  They were good too but I loved my Chicken Tikka. We had an order of garlic naan too which was a bit chewy but it was garlicky.  Only thing I did not care for was the rice pudding but my friends liked it so I gave it to them.  Even though there was a line of people, the servers never once rushed us.  They were also very attentive during the whole meal, never once did we ask for water refill.  Once my friend dropped a fork, before he could even pick it up, someone was there to pick it up and brought another.  I absolutely love this place.
Sweet little spot in midtown.  We were a big party (11), which can be hard to seat in Manhattan. ..more so in such a tiny spot, but they were very gracious.  About ten minutes after being seated the place became packed, so time your visit carefully.  We just ordered a variety of dishes....the lamb biryani was excellent.  Chicken Tikka Masala was also excellent.  Some dishes had a touch of sweeetness, but it was still delicious.   Huge samosas and there were two per order.  The naan was fresh and hot...we particularly liked the garlic naan.  The restaurant is byob, with no corkage fee...a huge bonus.  The best part, lunch for 11 for leas than $130.
Delicious and really authentic. Great staff, we love the service and hospitality. Will be back!
Great place for Great Indian! Small dining area that keeps it personal. Great attentive service, Great flavors and yes, great pricing too. Second floor walk up. If more restaurants could be cheaper on second floors, I'm more than happy to walk up!
Really good food. My boyfriend and I ordered the 3 course option. I was so full and didn't have room for desert. I ordered the vegetable samosa for my appetizer and had the chicken tikamasala for my main course. This was my first time having Indian food and it was so good. Great food and great staff.
Extremely accommodating and friendly staff, and the food was very good! We were in a rush to make it to a show, and the waiter was considerate enough to get us in and out quickly! My only suggestion for improvement would be to add more garlic to the garlic naan. But otherwise, an A+!
In town for business and stopped by for carry out on my way back to the hotel after meetings. Ordered the tikka and mulligatawny. Both were good and the portions were ample for the price, especially in this area of NYC.
Hands down best Indian food in Manhattan! I have been here twice with the greatest Indian foodies and the greatest Indian cook I know and they have loved this place too!Place was thronged both times I was here and waited 10 minutes the first time and 20 the second time but no regrets, totally worth the wait. Both were weekdays. They don't take reservations. Delicious samosas and pakora made perfect appetizers. Two chutneys served with them were absolute perfection!The menu is small, selected dishes on the menu but everything on it is really good and authentic. I highly recommend garlic naan which was nice and fluffy.  Daal tadka which goes very well with rice was brilliant!If you are a fan of Bengali sweets, you have to try their killer Ras Malai! It is so insanely delicious that I packed an order of it for home both times.It's a BYOB place. So bring your bottles along to quench your thirst. Staff is efficient and courteous. One of them suggested us to get 3 naans instead of 4 for the party of 4 because the portions of naan are huge and he was right. Also, the food spicy level was tailored to our request. Great place, love the food and the vibe! :)
Went here for a quick dinner. The service was great - our waters were constantly field up. The portions are large and the food was good. Nothing to complain about. The prices are very reasonable as well.
The food was excellent.  The service was great.  Cute upstairs space.  They don't have a liquor license but you can bring your own.
No options for soy intolerance/allergy. If this is your case, you can go to Mughlai instead.
An excellent BYOB spot for great Indian food. I came on a Friday night for dinner with a friend. They don't take reservations so you should expect a wait, but we only waited about 20-25 minutes. Food was delicious, I got the chicken tikka masala. Prices were extremely fair, only a $36 tab for the two of us for two main entrees and a side of naan. My only complaint was that it took us about fifteen minutes to get someone to come over and open our second bottle of wine. We asked one server several times, but I think he was having a hard time understanding us. Definitely recommend this place!
Service was fast, restaurant was pretty cool and prices were about right. And having moved from the UK to North America were excited to experience good Indian food again having read the reviews! However...The food was, in fact, worse than average. We had the prix fix for $18 (based on Rob P's review), staring with the pakora and samosa. Both these appies were dry although reasonably flavourful. We had these alongside a side order of papodom which were a little soft and came with the same two chutneys as the appies, which was disappointing.For main we had the sag paneer and aloo gobi. These tasted like the boil-in-the-bag stuff you get at the supermarket (I suspect they may have been but with a few fresh ingredients thrown in). All you could taste was salt. Loads of salt. We only ate about half.The desert was a creamed rice dish and was kind of refreshing after all that sodium.When asked how our meal was we did tell the server it was very salty. He didn't seem much bothered by that, collected the plates and left.We walked home feeling thirsty and disappointed.
So good. I live in NJ and every time I come NYC I have to make a stop here. It's delicious, so full of flavor and the service is very good.
Amazing meal. Worth the wait. Small dining area but they are quick to seat you. Impeccable service suggesting items. Lamb vinadoo was perfectly spicy and lamb very tender. Be sure to get the onion fritters, to die for.
Came here after MOMA. Just looking for a light lunch, was fabulous, the guys were so friendly and helped to explain the menu. Homestyle curry was a total highlight. Just what we wanted and super tasty. Get into it people
A bit of a hole in the wall with amazing food and incredible service. Can BYOB. Super authentic!
Look, this is a cheap hole in the wall place. If you understand that going in you'll be fine. Staff is incredibly nice. Don't forget to bring your own bottle o' wine if you want something with your meal. Portions are large--I would ideally share a prix fix meal with another lighter eater if possible--and food is average. Solid simple fare.
Chicken Tikka Masala is pretty much a national dish in the UK and I needed to find my fix when I moved Stateside. I tried a few curry houses and kept being disappointed by the bland curries until I found Bengal Tiger. Amazing place, I have been back every fortnight since I found it. I usually start with poppadoms which are delicious here (top tip #1, ask for them with mango chutney) and then order a spicy (top tip #2) CTM, which is as spicy as their vindaloo but in my opinion tastier. It can be busy so time your visit carefully (/ring ahead) and remember it is BYOB so bring your own booze and enjoy (top tip #3; bring a beer for the queue and red wine for dinner!)
This is a great hole-in-the-wall restaurant. The atmosphere, food, and waiters were outstanding! The staff was literally the BEST that I have experienced in New York. Great place for a date night or if you are craving awesome Indian:-)
Not a great date experience for something like first date or even a 5th; however the food is excellent. I can't remember having a better tasting mango lassi or butter chicken. Europeans beware the butter chicken is on the spicy end even when you order their regular branded version.
The rest. Was above average for the price in Manhattan, n.y. Chicken tikka and lamb vindaloo.  Chicken tikka was very tender and flavorful. The lamb vindaloo was the same. But very spicy. Service was friendly and attentive.
Great food!  Simple menu.  Tried the Chicken Tikka, Korma and Makhni, all were good but the Makhni was our favorite.  Get it spicy.  Naan bread was also great and you can never go wrong with a mango lassie!
Little gem in midtown that's offers very good Indian food and you can't beat the price. The lunch specials is two dishes served with basmati rice and naan for $8.95 and the portions are very generous. Be sure to order ahead as there is a pretty busy lunch crowd. I had the vegetarian Saag Paneer and the Begian Bhartha. Both delicious but those of you who are adverse to garlic be warned! Both dishes would keep the vampires away. Be sure to keep a stash of mints handy!
I came in with a lot of high expectations because of a) the ratings obviously and b) the huge line at the door. The waiters and staff were friendly and courteous and while we were seated promptly there was a wait for others, not that that is a bad thing since they actually tried to keep people in the warmth rather than have them wait on the street. Food wise what we had was just okay. The malai kofta was alright, the roti was good but garlic naan was actually disappointing.Not sure where we went wrong with the food, but I'm vegetarian, so perhaps my choices are limited. I might come back with my meat eating friends to have them check other stuff out.
Me and my boyfriend came to eat here this last spring when we visited NYC. After walking all day in the Natural History and Met museums we were both really hungry and we both wanted to eat good food with quick service and around midtown close to where we were staying. The boyfriend loves Indian food so we both decided to give this place a go after looking at Yelp reviews and pictures.It was a rainy evening and we arrived at the restaurant shortly after the Met closed. The restaurant was not busy and only a few of the tables were occupied. It was probably because it was pouring outside and it was after dinner rush already. The ambiance was cozy and there was music playing in the background.First thing I noticed in the place was this VERY incredible smell wafting in the restaurant from the kitchen. I'm not sure if it's just because we were starving for food but by the smell of that place you know something special was being cooked in that kitchen. We were seated promptly by the guy who was our hostess, waiter, and runner. He was very nice, polite, and very helpful when I was asking for items in the menu he recommends.It has been half a year ago already so I don't exactly remember what we ordered but all I can say is that they serve REALLY good Indian cuisine here. If you're ever in Midtown and looking for a comforting and satisfying Indian food, you should check this place out.For the ambiance, food, service, and price point I give this place 5 stars.
Great food, excellent service. Came with my wife. We had tikka and I loved it. My wife loved the taste however it was a bit to spicy for her. We will be back for sure!
Ordered lunch pick of Saag Paneer and Chicken Tikka with brown rice. Not a big portion of chicken but for a dieter it's good portion control. I like the spiciness of the paneer and plenty of Tikka sauce to dip your Naan (not great for dieters). It's great! Not bad for $10 and close to work.
Great option after/before visiting MoMa!! Quality/price is amazing!! One of the best of NYC. Had chicken masala which was very good. Eggplant as side was spicy and good. Naan was amazing! Also comes with brown rice and everything for less than 10 dollars!!! Mango Lassi was delicious. Service is very efficient, I got my meal in 5 minutes (it was mid afternoon around 3PM). Would go back if in the area.
Great Indian food!  We started with the Parkora and it was absolutely delicious.  We also had the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken Tikki-something.  I loved the Masala, would get that again in a heartbeat.  Great naan as well, should have ordered the garlic naan.  Come hungry!  Nice interior, cozy, and the AC was on so it was nice and cool on a hot NYC day. Don't be fooled by the staircase from the street, wait until you get inside :)
Bengal Tiger delivered on every level.  I arrived on a weeknight at 8pm and it was standing room only in this tiny establishment, but the staff worked as quickly as possible to seat me, just a party of 1.  It took about 25 minutes, but it was worth the wait, especially since it's a 2-minute walk from a nearby hotel where I stayed.The staff is so friendly and helpful that you really can't be upset if a table is not immediately available, and their excellent service continues all the way until you walk out the door.Now, as for the food - it was fantastic!  My wife hates Indian food so when I travel for business, I seek it.  The lentil soup, Tikka Masala and wheat Naan were simply delicious.  I ordered the regular spice level on the Masala, and the flavor was terrific.  If you want more heat, they offer a spicy version as well.  In addition to the food being top-notch, the prices were hard to believe, and in a good way.  A fixed-price menu that includes an appetizer, an entree and a dessert, without a reduction in portion size, for $18 in New York?  I had to check the price twice just to be sure it was correct.Overall, Bengal Tiger is on a short list of restaurants I will visit again whenever in town.  The service and food are fantastic, and with the prices being so reasonable, this place is a steal.
I had takeout from here, and it was delicious. My GF and I ordered chicken curry, lamb curry, and a chicken kabob. It was way more than enough food for both of us. We had both plain naans and rosemary naans. The rosemary naans have a strong taste that not everyone will like.
Solid Indian food.  Had to wait 20-30 minutes because dining room very small.  Not many drink options, but the food is divine.  Stick to the Tikka Masala, garlic naan or other traditional dishes.  We will be back!
The food as fabulous, and the service, when you were being served, was friendly and helpful. However, water glasses went un-refilled for extended periods, which becomes a huge problem when you order the vindaloo. Luckily I only ordered the lamb saag (spicy), but both my dining companions ordered the vindaloo, and I sampled only after confirming I had enough water. The 3 course set meals are really good value and pretty much cover the entire menu. The issue with service seems to potentially be the cause of the lines many reviews talk about. We sat around with finished deserts trying to catch someone, (anyone's) attention for the bill, went to the bathroom, asked the cashier. It was seemingly impossible to just pay and get out. The vegetable samosa, rice, vindaloo, and saag dishes were well spiced and good sized. The rice pudding was a nice sweet treat at the end.
Seriously the best Indian food I've ever had, I ordered the chicken vindaloo and yes it is just as spicy as its stated on the menu, my server warned me again that it was a spicy dish. The flavour was incredible! Our waiter kept checking on us and offered to bring me a side of yogurt to make it less spicy as i was sweating from the heat! Our cups were never empty, another server kept coming to refill our cups.I wish we had this place in Orlando! Where I am originally from.The best part other than the food & services, were the prices!!! Specially for the location.. My dinner was cheaper than my breakfast from this morning.Next time I'm in NYC I'll definitely be visiting this place again.
Cute place, but disappointed. Usually if I don't mention the spice level I'd like for my Indian food I, begrudgingly, still understand if it's bland. Sure I look Indian, but maybe they're being courteous because I didn't mention it right? But if you specifically took the time to ask me if I wanted it mild or spicy and I said spicy why on earth would you still serve bland food?? The kheer was also mediocre. Only redeeming factor was probably the naan. Sigh.
Best most flavorful Indian food I have had in NYC and I've tried a lot of places. Their Tiki Masala sauce is some of the best I've ever had, really uniquely flavorful. I dinged them a star cause atmosphere was lacking for a $20-30 meal, really tight and up on a second floor up a dirty stairwell. Service was really good, friendly staff, a little overpriced but for the area rents got to be insane. Will go back, the most satisfying meal I've had in quite a while.
I found this place on spoilednyc.com listed as top 10 Indian restaurants in Manhattan and was very impressed by reviews too. Food was really delicious, so the service. We went there on Friday night and waited for half an hour for our table (This place is little small but hello, it's worth waiting for the food). They have dinner Prix fix menu for $17.95 and it's really good deal. This restaurant deserves 5 starts but my 4 star rating is for the choice of desserts in Prix fix menu. They only have rice pudding there but I'm not a big fan (neither my friends, i know lot of people are not big fan of rice pudding). I wish they add couple of other desserts on Prix fix.
This is a great spot near the Museum of Modern Art. It's a nice intimate space up on the second floor. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Baingan Bharta and got just right lunch sized portions that were super fresh and tasty. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. Highly recommend this place if you're looking for some good Indian eats in NYC.
Had a nice dinner here.  Had the samosa, sag paneer, garlic naan and kher.  All very good.  Very casual place on the second floor.
This was my first experience with Indian food so it may be a bit skewed, but this food was AMAZING! The environment was so warm and the staff was so friendly. My friend and I had such a nice relaxing time in this second floor restaurant overlooking the street. The food was cooked perfectly and the Rosemary naan was to die for. Definitely plan to try the coconut naan next time and explore even more of the vegetarian menu items. Overall a great little find!!
When I worked in Midtown, this was my weekly mainstay. Great food for the price. It's not the best Indian food I've had, but it's tasty and inexpensive. Amazingly priced lunch special. Staff is super friendly and accommodating. Highly recommended.
While you wouldn't normally go to Midtown for great indian food, this place was  great and super authentic.  Will definitley return.
This place gets 5 stars from me! Never was my cute silver water goblet empty, my food was so flavorful and delicious. I love spice but not so extreme that you can taste the food. I got the lamb very spicy and it was just enough! They were very authentic and just all a around great! The entrance was a little shady though I had doubts when we first got there, but it was a good decision. I highly recommend it!
Great value ... Prix Fixe 3 courses for $19.99. Had the Lamb Vindaloo. Asked for extremely spicy but they did not take me seriously. The flavors were great though. No alcoholic beverages but you can BYOB (good to know for next time).
Unlike other places. The people here are nice. 1. Quick service. Unlike other lunch box places which take like 15 mins. We got our lunch box in 5. 2. He was nice enough to substitute rice or bread. As I don't eat rice. 3. TASTY FOOD !! definitely coming back.
Is there anything Bengali about this place? I haven't seen any item which belongs to either Kolkata or Bangladesh cuisine, then why is this name used? This is totally misleading.
Wow this place was just phenomenal, I don't want to speak too soon but this was definitely one of the best Indian restaurants I've dined in.First let me start by saying that the moment their signature garlic naan hit my lips I was already in the pre-ejaculatory stages of an orgasm.These feelings only intensified from that point on. My entree, the tiki Masala, was spicy and had a thick tasty consistency like that of egg yolk sauce or the eruption of bodily fluids during intercourse or as most Big Lebowski fans know it, coitus.I would strongly recommend this restaurant to anyone that enjoys having a spiritual and emotional connection to their food, and to anyone who enjoys blowing a load when they eat lunch.
Super affordable, super fast service, great comfort Indian food!The lunch special is great - pick two sides + pita + rice for $9! I thought the Chicken Tikka Masala was flavorful and thick. I forgot the other dish I had, so I guess it wasn't too memorable. Come here on a lunch break, but there is no food service, so just note that if you wanted a more comprehensive dining experience!
Oh, so good. Best Indian restaurant I've ever been to, and so far, best restaurant period.I arrived 7:30 Sunday night with one guest on a holiday weekend. It's a small place, up one set of stairs on the 2nd floor. Maybe 20 tables in total were all filled, and there were plenty more people already waiting. I took this as a testament to the popularity of the place and agreed to a 30 minute standing-room-only wait.Look, I'll cut the rest short. The food was amazing - I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (spicy) with naan and it was goddamn delicious - just the right level of spice and FLAVOR. The waitress kept my water tin (yeah, no chipped glasses here) filled at all times, which was a real feat in such a busy place. Portions were perfect too - filled me up completely and was not tempted to save any for later. Oh, and did I mention it was cheap, too? Yeah. Just go there.
Great Indian in Midtown NYC. Mango Lassi - yum. Also had pekoras & chicken tikka. Finished up w rice pudding. Cute place.
Awesome food. Great taste. Perfect place to eat Indian food. Options are a little less, but quality is what makes it worth eating
I have eaten a lot of Indian food all over the world, some of the best I have had was in Hong Kong. That of course was until I had Bengal Tiger. Tucked above restaurants and stores on 56th this place is a hidden gem. Nice inside, felt cozy and authentic.We typically order the same thing from any Indian restaurant - Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, some Naan, Raita and Somosas to start.Everything was excellent and the spice level was perfect. It was so good in fact that after 3 weeks of traveling, the first meal we had in New York was Bengal Tiger. This time delivered and still just as good.
Food was okay for the price... Good ambience ... You can find better spots for the price
My friend and I stopped by for a late lunch around 2pm and the restaurant was still very busy! We had the lunch special and it was tasty! (And the price wasn't too shabby either!! $9 I think.)It's very casual, you order and pay up front and then grab a seat with your food once your food is ready. If I'm in the neighborhood and looking for a quick bite to eat I'd go again.
Good service, very good samosa and chutney, however gobi of aloo gobi sabji wasnt cooked.
I came in here today with my aunt to try the food because we were thinking of bringing my mom here for her birthday.There is a $18.95 3 course prix fixe meal which is what we both got. The prix fixe price is not much higher than the cost of one entree. If you want lamb you have to add $1 more to the prix fixe price. I ordered the mulligatawny soup with the lamb curry and rice. My aunt ordered the aloo mattar gobi and the vegetable pakora. The food was well seasoned and even the mild had a lot of heat. The lamb was mostly tender. I had a piece of her vegetable pakora which was crispy and you get the taste of the vegetables.  My aunt also ordered garlic naan which I tasted. It was full of garlic flavor and you can see the grated garlic on the naan. They give more than enough food. We both had leftovers from the entrees. I didn't see any fish or seafood on the menu.The mulligatawny soup, which was my appetizer, may be mistaken for dal as they use yellow split peas in their mulligatawny. You could taste the texture of the split peas which seemed to me the only way it didn't seem like mullogatawny soup. For dessert you get kheer otherwise known as rice pudding. That's a good thing as it helps to cleanse your palate of the heat.After we ate we asked if the heat level can be taken down to no heat but unfortunately the waiter said there was not a way to have no heat in the food.
Bengal Tiger was incredible. Entering the restaurant requires going up a flight of steps. I would say that is the only negative I found to this experience.Otherwise, the restaurant is quaint, and the service is excellent. The waiters (two helped with our service) were friendly and always on top of making sure our waters were full, making sure our order was taken and food came out quick and hot. I tend to weigh the quality, taste and appearance of food at any restaurant above quality of service, ambiance, and other contributing factors. In this case, I would consider the chicken tikka masala I ordered amongst the best I have ever had. It's orange/red color, creamy consistency, and excellent flavors lend to a rank higher than most or all chicken tikka masalas I have had. Paired with basmati rice and garlic naan, this was truly amazing. My taste of a friends chicken korma was also amongst the best I have tried. This is a place I would visit again even in the vast array and variety of food spots in NYC. It is a must for Indian Food Lovers.
Not many dishes to select, the baingan bhartha was way too bad, "DONT EVEN DARE TO TRY IT"
For a quick and interesting Indian lunch, Bengal Tiger can't be beat. Two mains and a side of rice and naan for about $9 and you're full and ready to head back to your office for an afternoon food-coma. I had the curry lamb with the vegetarian paneer makhani (farmers cheese and a light cream tomato sauce) and at first I tried keeping them separate but the temptation to mix the two flavors was too great and I finished it with relish. The mango lassi was good but would have been better if it was much colder. There's no waiter service at lunchtime, which suited me just fine - from order to pickup at the counter it took less than two minutes.
Another great meal at Bengal!  Pakora for starters, Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tikamasala for the main.  Great flavors and great service!  Two thumbs waaaay up!  FYI:  if you dont know what to order, all three items I mentioned are tasty and popular options.
Best spicy Indian food ever. Friendly staff and easy to find. So glad I got out of the hotel and found this great place
A great Indian restaurant, with great food and nice staff. Would really recommend it for everyone who likes good Indian food :)
Very very good. We ordered the chicken tikka and chicken makwani. I wish we had bigger stomachs! The naan was perfect: fluffy yet a bit crispy. If I lived here, I would be a regular.  Service was great as well. The place is small but cozy.
Stopped by for their lunch special, and it was one of the best Indian restaurants I have found in America so far. The lamb spring roll is an absolute star!
Good Indian restaurant in the midtown area - you order your food at the counter and wait for your name to be called.  I usually come here during my lunch break when I am in the mood for something spicy;  I usually get the Lamb Vindaloo and it is very good.  I've had the Chicken Korma and the Baigon Bhartha (roasted mashed eggplant) and that was very good as well!  During their lunch hours they have the lunch special, which is either brown or basmati rice with naan and any two of their entrees (chicken, vegetarian, lamb [extra $1]) for $8.72 plus tax.  Service is fast and they have a few tables if you want to eat in or carry out.  The space isn't huge but the food is pretty good. Would definitely come back here again!
I've walked by this place every time I'm in NYC and finally made the stop to go inside.  It's teeny, tiny... but oh so good.  You walk up a staircase that looks like there's a Law & Order SVU opening scene waiting for you at the top... but it's worth it.They have 3 course meal deals... best way to go.The naan was the best - don't get the plain... try one of the other varieties.
Long overdue review. Came in here on a weekday mid June (don't remember which day) for lunch for two. Finding this place was a bit tricky since it was on the second floor and the stairs were shady and made you not want to go up. Once u get past the shady steps, it's a nice ambiance up there. The staff greeted us and sat us quickly. We ordered off the lunch special menu so we got an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I got the lamb spring roll and it was served over some green sauce and it was damn flavorful and the spring roll had a good amount of meat in the filling. I loved the spring roll more than my entree. I ordered the lamb vindaloo as my entree and despite being warned by my server that it was very spicy, I thought I was a warrior and could handle it no problem. God damn it was spicy. It wasn't like tongue burning unbearable spicy but I was sweating a lot while eating it. Food is served in a small pot and rice is served on the side. The serving actually looked smaller than it is. It was actually really filling. Asides from the spice, the meat was actually quite tender and flavorful and the curry was rich. Oh almost forgot the garlic nanns are a must since it was a very generous portion and it goes very well when dipped with whatever curry your entree came with. Hell they're delicious by itself!The dessert was like a rice pudding type thing that I didn't even try due to being so full so I can't review it. My friend said it was too sweet though. Overall I think the price was okay and the setting was great for both casual dates or just a lunch with friends!
This place is awesome!  Such a great find in the middle of the Midtown chains and overpriced boringness.  Naan is huge, so don't over order and the garlic naan is the freshest and most delicious I've had in a while.  The Lamb Vindaloo was very very tender and had some of the best spice for that dish that I've had outside of London.  We also ordered the Chicken Malai Kabab, and it was tender, great outside grill taste and the spice was wonderful.  Service was great!  Everyone was quick and fast and very sure to let us know not to order too much and how spicy our dish would be.  :)  Go here if you are in the area and want a delicious and enjoyable Indian meal.
The rating is deceiving a bit The Papadums r stale not freshly made The curries were ok,Liked the spicy chicken curry The naan bread was okaishThe samosa was very good Staff friendly
The pictures make the restaurant appear spacious when it is in fact a tight squeeze so beware. I have no complaints about their food. The food is well made and they give quite a lot for the price you pay. I would definitely come again for their samosas. Be sure to come during lunch time for their special lunch prices!
Went here with my amazeballs girlfriend.  This place is small and unassuming - not somewhere youd likely pick off the street. After getting burned out on Indian food after spending a month in India and failing to find anything authentic enough here that didn't taste like chain restaurant food, this place got me back on the band wagon.  Amazing food, unbelievable service, good prices, and a nice feel to the cozy restaurant. My gf had chicken tikka masala which was spot on and I had the lamb curry, which was great and had just a little heat.I can't see how you could improve on this place, there's no alcohol of any type, which is a mild bummer, but in no way is going to take away a star.  Go here, you'll be happy with your choice, no doubt.
Cozy place...absolutely delicious food....great service...Wonderful experience...will definitely go back to this hidden gem
Super nice waitstaff. Food was hot and fresh. They made us welcome even though we arrived at 10 pm on Friday. Tikka masala was fantastic. Will have to order two orders next time as portions aren't really big enough to share. Samosas were tasty, hot and fresh. Will return when in the area.
terrific experience.  when i arrived, there was a line, but the host politely took my name, let me know it would be a 20 minute wait, and sure enough, i was seated in 20 minutes.  we didn't have to wait long for a waiter to come by to give us his recommendations and take the order.  we had some vegetable curry and the saag paneer.  both were excellent.  the rice was a little dry...i've had better basmati rice.  we were never rushed, and the entire staff was very polite and helpful.  overall loved the experience and i'd definitely drop by again if i'm in midtown.
Great food, great service, and fun location. It was busy but worth the short wait for a table. I would highly recommend. Randomly found this place as it was close to our hotel.
Great Indian food. Typical Indian menu,  great breads.  Remember not to order "spicy"  version of foods,  as you'll feel the burn!
Food was pretty good, but the service and ambiance was excellent! Would definitely come back!
Simple, delicious home-style Indian food! The three course prix fixe menu is a great deal with full-sized apps, entree and dessert. They were generous with the chicken, and the service was beyond excellent! Definitely recommend.
I was looking for an Indian restaurant not in Curry...errr Murray Hill and this place caught my eye with its 4.5 star rating. My parents and I came here for dinner on a Friday night around 6:30 just before the place got busy. The menu here is pretty standard but where this place really excels is making simple dishes taste great along with EXCEPTIONAL service. We ordered the samosas to start out with which were some of the best samosas I've ever had - perfectly flaky! Unfortunately I'm allergic to vegan and have a couple other allergies so the only dish I could have was the chana saag. I was really impressed at this dish - the flavors were very unique and it tasted creamy though it obviously had no dairy. My parents had the channa masala and the aloo gobi and were also quite impressed. The roti was more flavorful than usual.I have to say again, the SERVICE WAS EXCEPTIONAL. Our waiter was so friendly and really took my food allergies seriously which I always appreciate. I'd definitely come back here!
Absolutely awesome!Unfortunately we missed the lunch special but started anyway and so glad we didThe food was great - just spicy enough and flavoursome at the same time.The service was amazing as well, letting us take home our leftovers and generally super helpful!
Manhattan. Home of the micro restaurant. Bengal Tiger is smaller than the flat I'm staying at in the same neighborhood. Ten or eleven tables. Short wait totally worth it. Lamb Curry (spicy) and Garlic Naan were awesome and reasonably priced. I would definitely come back when in the area!Only downside no beer. But, luckily, in Manhattan there's a place for that too!
This was everything the reviews said!!  I've had Indian food in 4 States (Indiana, Wisconsin, Hawaii, & New York) this is by far my favorite!!  I'm not too familiar with what to order, so the waiter was very helpful in his suggestions.  The Vegetable Samosa was the 1st indication that we chose the right place!  So much flavor my mouth was in heaven!!
A bit of wait but absolutely worth it. Such great service, food comes out fast, and my personal favorite: they refill your water constantly. Definitely coming back!
I really expected more from this place. Prices are great, but service was slow. The food: samosas were excellent, kheer (dessert) was too watery, and the entree.... Oh lord. I asked for my chicken tikka to be spicy, and I got regular chicken tikka masala with a heap of chili powder smashed in at the end. It wasn't mixed into the masala at all and I could taste gritty pieces of raw spice. I have honestly NEVER tasted a chicken tikka masala like this and eat out at Indian restaurants all the time as well as cook Indian food at home.Overall a very cheap place, but food is not really authentic. Restaurant is very busy and there is usually a wait.
We came here because of the high rating and so called "best Indian food". We came for lunch, right at their lunch opening time. The service is very good and staff are very friendly. The only reason I gave this place a 2!We ordered chicken biryani and chicken tikka. The food came pretty quick. But when I saw it, I was laughing hard. I should have taken the picture. It literally had only 4 small pieces of chicken breast in chicken tikka which costs $14.95. And chicken biryani is wet and sticky, not cooked with basmati rice, having only 3 small chunk of chicken breast, which costs $14.95. I came with a 6'2" hungry man. We should have gone to Dahba on Lexington for lunch buffet which only cost 12$ per person.
We ordered Bengal Tiger's chicken tikka masala ($15) and chicken korma ($15) for takeout the other night and were very pleased. The portions were generous and the food itself was really well prepared. I can't speak to authenticity, and there isn't anything particularly unique about it, but those aren't bad things--this is a great go-to for standard Indian food. (They have a good lunch special, too, if you work in the area.)
A really great little place. Limited menu, but what they do they do well. Very good waitstaff as well.Excellent lamb spring roll, warm nan, and solid portions of everything.
I am a huge fan of Indian cuisine and have tried many restaurants in NY and even one of the best one's in London. Nevertheless, I can say with confidence that this is hands down the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to. You walk in and realize that you have to go up a flight of stairs, which made me question if I should eat there. But once I saw what was going on at other people's tables I knew I came into the right place. I ordered the 3 course prix fix and it was fantastic. For starters, I had the Samosa, which is something I usually don't order because it's rarely good. Not here though! The samosa was so good I felt bad eating it. It was like eating a work of art. Perfectly cooked/fried doughy shell with a delicious vegetable-based center. The entree was Chicken Tikka and the chicken was the most tender rendition of this dish that I ever had. Also, the sauce was just outrageously good. I literally had every bit of it. The service here is excellent as well. My water was never empty, not once. Their attentiveness was only matched by their courteousness. Amazing restaurant, great food, and exceptional service. I highly recommend you try it!
The indian food here was extremely good but I don't really understand what all the fuss is about as it's not the best Indian I've ever had. We went here on a Saturday for lunch and although it picked up, it was empty when we entered at 12:30 PM which was great so not complaints there. The decor is a little weird but it feels rustic so it works. Excellent service (but we were also the only ones there). It is up a flight of stairs so beware if you can't do stairs. They were very accommodating for the group that came in after us with 3 strollers. It's a small place but a nice view of the street outside to people watch. The prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are small but just enough food so you're not too stuffed. I tried the chicken tikka masala which was made with high quality white meat chicken. The sauce wasn't too flavorful or too spicy though I asked for it spicy. It was very good though. And it was creamy but it wasn't the I-feel-gross-and-need-to-lie-down-for-3-hours-creamy that you sometimes get at Indian restaurants. I also tried my boyfriend's sag paneer which was made with big spinach leaves as opposed to minced and was also very good but lacking some spice and flavor. The garlic naan was exactly on point. They don't do a lunch buffet here or at least that is what our waiter told us. They do have this 3 course lunch special which sounds like a great deal if you want a samosa and something sweet for dessert. The mango lassi also looked excellent. Overall, very good Indian food but I'd recommend only if you're in the area and want Indian - otherwise, venture to Curry Hill.
We were a group of 6 people just looking for a quick inexpensive place to eat and stumbled past this little gem. Their $15 three course dinner is worth the money to say the least, I am absolutely in love with this place.Note that when you first walk in the door and up the stairs to this resultant you might be a little sceptic. The place is intimate and very causal, but as soon as the friendly staff take your order and you get the most yummy Indian food in front of you everything don't matter. It is just awesome. Even better is the BYOB policy with no corkage fee!!! The restaurant does not serve alcohol so definitely run to the corner store if you are want a glass of wine, or a bottle of beer to your food. However inconvenient his might be for some, it really makes the place even more inexpensive for broke college students as myself. I am definitely coming back, this resultant made my favorites list!
Looking to check out a new Indian restaurant in the neighborhood and saw the great reviews for Bengal Tiger so thought I would give it a try.  Tried the palce out during lunch with my Dad so it wasn't very crowded.  Thought it was weird that we had to pay for papadum because it's usually free at every other Indian restaurant I've been to.  The pakora was great and for $6 you get a lot of pieces!  We first ordered the Malai Kofta and were disappointed. There was way too much turmeric powder in the curry so it tasted bitter and dry.  The restaurant was nice enough to replace our dish with the Baigan Bhartha, which was much better!  Since I grew up eating Indian food, I tend to be a much harder critic. I felt like the service was great (much better compared to other Indian restaurants), the atmosphere was trendy and intimate, and the food was good, but not great.  I do really appreciate the staff replacing our curry without charge and being very polite about it.  The food is also very well priced.
Tried this place on a Sunday afternoon! Really enjoyed it. We ordered the pakora, chicken tikka masala, lamb curry, and garlic naan. The garlic naan was coated in fresh garlic. The chicken tikka masala was very tender. Will definitely be back, perhaps for the prix fixe menu!!!
Upstairs. Good amount of seating and when we were there at 12:30, they was plenty of seating for lunch.Solid indian in a somewhat modern. Lamb saag was tasty.
Small place, but Friendly service and great food. The selection is fairly traditional but the taste is outstanding. Vegetable Samosas were terrific, must have. The Tikka Masala has a perfect depth of flavor.  The Vindaloo is very tasty and very spicy.
By the time I left work my irritation level was at an all time high as I had been so busy all day I didn't even get to eat lunch! And trust me. You don't wanna mess with a hangry Sarah P. Enter Bengal: the cure for my dangerous hanger.Their 3 course prix fixe dinner menu is so cheap and delicious. You get a choice of an appetizer, entree, basmati rice, and dessert all for just $13.95! I got the vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala, and gulab jamun- portions were good and food was tasty.The service was also great- my bf and I were amazed at how our glasses of water magically never seemed to reach lower than half level. At the same time, I never felt that they hovered over us unnecessarily.Tip: Check in on yelp for an additional sweet 10% discount off the bill.
A cozy place with friendly, efficient service and good flavorful food. We had no reservations on a Friday evening and waited 15 min for two of us. They do not serve alcohol but customers can bring their own. The menu is smaller than most Indian restaurants I've been to. Food was bountiful and very good as we sampled Pakora, vegetable tikki, chicken saag and garlic naan. We ordered 'regular' spice because this was our first visit and it was a little mild. Will notch it up a bit next time. Service was very friendly. Fast but not rushed.Very good value, probably because they don't have marked up beer and wine. Can't wait to go back.
This is not authentic Indian food. It's a nice place to eat with good service, but this isn't authentic by a mile. If you're with Indian friends, better to avoid this place since it's expensive and very americanized!
Excellent food. We came here unexpectedly and were blown away by the quality of both food and service. Ordered the lamb with the spinach sauce and the Gobi vegetable dish with brown rice. Both meals were amazing. The rice pudding for dessert was also very yummy. Oh, and they have the most delicious mango lassi in town. Loved every sip of it! Highly recommend. Expect a little bit of wait for the table though. The restaurant seems to be very popular, so if you are in a hurry, this might not be for you. Totally worth the wait though!
We went to Bengal Tiger with high hopes after seeing the 4.5 starts with over 600 reviews,  but were disappointed with the food.We ordered a chicken curry, malai kofta and some naans. While the naans were great both the chicken curry and kofta were mediocre at best. With the spices and flavors toned down quiet a lot, I feel the place does not cater to the Indian palate. Most of the glowing reviews are from non-Indian diners (from what I can tell looking at the reviewer's names).The service however was excellent, quick and courteous.
Fantastic place! Superb food and service. Seats are pretty limited, so try to avoid busy meal hours if you don't want to risk waiting. (Don't be fooled by the sketchy walk up the stairs)Highly recommended: vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan. Good but not must-orders: The mango lassi is nice and sweet but quite heavy. Kheer (rice pudding) has a very rich flavor, not too sweet.
Amazing Amazing Amazing food like OMG wow!! Before when I used to sample Indian food it would be from Whole Foods Market or something like that and I would find it horrible but oh man this is the real stuff!! To be honest IDK wth Inordered but ot was good!! I ordered rice with chicken which was very flavorful.  I ordered curry goat which was so tender and very flavorful and used the naan to scoop up the rest of the sauce.  I then had some type of grilled chicken which was a deep orange color bur very flavorful especially after squeezing the lime on top (chicken tikka maybe?),  I would so come here again
I really loved the dishes here: saag paneer, lamb korma, chicken tikka masala and chicken paneer with naan (of course).  The staff was so friendly and attentive and the mango lassi made me smile delightedly.  I just don't know how I got so full so fast!?Enjoy!
Food is very tasty nice place for lunch the crowd fluctuates during the course of the "lunchtime period" very clean definitely my favorite place.
Up some creeky stairs is always where the best food lurks. Lovely indian and good service. Where theres a cue theres demand and good food
Awesome food and equally awesome service.If you are staying nearby Manhattan and looking for good indian food then this is the best place.Go for it
Awesome food! Bad thing is seating is limited. The price is right, you can get a three course meal for about $18. That include an app, main, and dessert. The Vanderloo is Hoooooot, so if your looking for spice that dish you want.
Don't go on a Friday night without expecting to wait! We were naïve enough to think we could just walk in, and had to wait 40 minutes. But the food was absolutely worth the wait. The wait staff was excellent and the food was delicious. My girlfriends and I had a wonderful time digging into the Baingan Bharta (Eggplant) and Malai Kofta (Indian cottage cheese and mixed vegetable balls in a gravy) with garlic naans. Yummy!
Excellent food. Great service. We had to wait for 30 mins and the guys brought us mango lassi as complimentary treats. Even my four yr old enjoyed the naan and chicken makhani.
Tiny place but the food is great. We had vegetable and lamb samosas with chicken saag and vegetable tikka masala - everything was great. Well, except for the gulab jamun dessert, it was so hot that I burned my tongue, but I'd only dock them 1/2 star for that...
Amazing food and curry was bomb.Lets give it 3 more hours for it to digest, to see if it is still a 5 star.
Very delicious food, amazing service, they treat you like you are their best friend who came to their house. Not expensive at all! My husband had Chicken tundouri he says it was so good! Lots of tasty vegan options. I had samosa and lentil soup. Usually being a vegan I get weird food or cold tasteless food. This was hot meal and felt satisfied and full! Try it out you won't regret it!
Great tasting samosas, chicken tikka masala & malai kofta. The naans were soft and delicious too.
Warning: don't be turned off by the sketchy stairs on the way up. The restaurant itself is very clean and inviting. This is seriously great Indian food! The chicken korma was nicely spiced and the sauce had a great texture. The naan was warm and delicious as well. The staff was very friendly also.Definitely worth finding if you are visiting NYC and looking for a great place to eat.
Ok people, this IS the best Indian food in New York, I have looked all over town & now I can stop the endless search!  naan bread so delectable, you will want to sell your car & buy your own clay oven in a futile attempt to recreate it. You'll spend hours trying to perfect it and the say 'eff it & call Bengal tiger to deliver the pillowy goodness to your door piping hot.I would eat here every day if I could, also the little smiling tiger motif on the upstairs doors just makes me smile. Their mango lassi also very refreshing.
Me and my fiance stopped by here before seeing a show at Carnegie hall. I got the prix fixed menu with the vegetable samosa, chicken korma, and rice pudding. My fiance got the chicken saag. Everything we ordered was amazing and the price was right as well! Judging by the line forming in the restaurant while we were eating, I would say this is hot spot in the area and rightfully so!
Came here with a friend on Friday night -- we were blown away by the quality, service, portions, and overall deliciousness of the meal! We didn't even want to leave and go see our Carnegie Hall concert performance...so so so good. I had the samosa with the chicken masala and dessert from the prix fix menu. Everything melted in my mouth and was bursting with flavor. Can't wait to come back!
Walked ten blocks in the snow & happy we did!  This place is so cozy; beautiful dark wood ceiling, hand painted panels on the walls, wood benches & tables, on the second floor, overlooking the street. Intimate, quiet setting w/candles on the tables. Casual, but not T-shirt & flip flops casual. Note: Probably not the *best* place for young/active children at dinner (though we did go after 9; may be different vibe earlier in the evening or at lunch). Ordered from the prix fixe menu which seemed an excellent value. The chutneys served with the pappadam were fantastic - especially the hari. I could eat that by the spoonful! :) Chana masala was highly flavorful, good naan, delicious paneer. I recommend the mulligatawny - it was served with fresh cilantro & could be a meal in itself. Very friendly and attentive servers. Would definitely return in the future.
Delicious food! It's BYOB fyi. Very very good, I won't dream about it but would go back for good Indian food!
Excellent food.  Best Indian food I'vehad since India itself.Very friendly nice staff.Do not be turned off by entrance from streetup staircase on second floor. This is a find.
Great food, friendly service, cosy environment and good prices. Doesn't serve alcohol but you can bring your own. Menu not extensive but not bad overall.
I ordered take-out from here the other day and it was all SO tasty! The staff was also extremely friendly. I highly recommend the samosas and the dessert rice dish. I can't wait to order again!Thank you.
This food is really good but the service is zero. We went with a company crowd and they were focused on getting us out. The service was so bad that they were forcing us to with the main course when we wanted to order more appetizers. When we ordered more appetizers they brought main course before the next set of appetizers. We would not come there again and won't recommend since the service is so bad.
Ordered delivery, it was delicious. We tried chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, paneer masala, raita, cilantro naan and garlic naan. It's the most authentic Indian food we have ordered in NYC!!
Wow. Wow. First time having Indian food. Stepped out of my comfort zone while on vacation in New York. Ordered a variety of dishes. Let me first say, this place is not fancy in any aspects. It's a comfortable, "Indian family kitchen" feel. The service is amazing. We had 4 servers routinely "patrolling" every table to make sure nothing was needed or wanted. The food was excellent. Rich in flavor and diversity! The place seemed to have numerous locals dining which is a good sign. My only tip....they do not serve beer or wine but do have a BYOB policy. Corkage fee for wine is a mere $5. For beer is $2. Definitely worth a visit. And won't drain your wallet like so many restaurants in New York City.
Hidden gem near Columbus Circle. This place is getting popular, as you can tell from the near constant line up of people waiting for a table in this tiny treat of a place. They are really efficient at getting you seated though, and as a bonus they opened our wine while we waited (another bonus - BYOB). The other two notables - (1) everyone that works there was super friendly and upbeat, it seemed like a family vibe, and (2) the food was top notch. The vegetable samosa and the Chana saag were delicious.
Around midtown and in the mood for Indian food?  There are plenty of options to choose from and now there is one more.  Bengal Tiger replaced the old Raga restaurant.  I was sad to see Raga go, since it was one of the only reasonable priced Indian restaurants that offered a lunch buffet in the two block radius.  Bengal Tiger doesn't offer a lunch buffet, but they do have lunch boxes.You have your choice of two entrees (meat and vegetarian options), along with rice and naan for about $10.  I ordered the chicken tikki marsala and the vegetarian option with chickpeas (forget the name) and both were very good.  The flavor, spices, aroma -- all made for a solid lunch.  Surprisingly, I was pretty content with the portions.  I probably could have eaten more, but I would have regret it later.This is a good alternative to an Indian lunch buffet.  I will be back when the craving hits.
I order takeout here from Seamless all the time because Bengal actually has very affordable and generous portions. So when my boyfriend and I couldn't decide what to eat, I told him about this place. I got the pre fix which was around $18 or 19 for an app, entrée, and dessert of rice pudding. For the app, I chose the samosa, for the entrée, I had the Makhani chicken with sweet and buttery tomato sauce. My boyfriend had the tandoori chicken. We also ordered a mango lassi and a side or garlic naan.The samosa was so delicious. It was perfectly flaky and crispy with a lot of potatoes, and peas and the sweet and spicy sauces that came with it went so well with it. OMG, when I order take out for the pre fix, they give me 2 of these! I don't know if it was a mistake but when I opened up the bag, I was laughing silently in my cube. Good thing I sit in a corner and no one sees me. These are probably the best samosas I've ever had, and even tastes good when I eat it the next day.The Makhani was delicious but I do prefer the tikka masala bc the sauce is smoother and it tastes richer. Nevertheless, the sauce was great over my rice and naan. The chicken was very tender. The naan though was a little bit too garlicky. The tandoori chicken was very tender and well seasoned.The dessert of rice pudding was good. It has chunky clumps of rice which I've never had at other places, so I don't know if that was a mistake, but I actually liked it. Servers here are very attentive and awesome. We realized that we forgot to check in to redeem our $5 off after they printed our bill, but we notified the waiter and he took care of it. The owner or manager then gave us the revised bill and actually explained the bill clearly indicating that the $5 off has been applied. For all this food, the total came out to $39 without tips. Wow what a great deal!! And delicious food with attentive servers!!! I definitely would come back here again. Definitely can't beat flavors, service, and prices anywhere else.
The best Indian food in NYC. A hole in the wall- but beyond amazing dishes. The saag and tiki Marsala are our favorites. BYOB is another plus. Highly recommend!!
Impeccable service and delicious Indian food! It's a very small restaurant on the second floor, very basic decor. But the service was excellent and the food was delicious with very good prices. They have a prefixe menu for $19.95 three courses. We enjoyed everything especially the pokora and Ali goobi. Order the mango lassi drink too. Very tasty.
Will be even better when they get a liquor license. If we were local we would for sure be regular patrons. We had Veggie Korma and Chicken Saag that was especially good. The Naan is better than usual and the service was great, even on a busy night.
Hey we just ordered this to our hotel. Quick hot dishes were hot and the drinks were ice cold. The delivery guy was very nice and greeted my by name. Nice touchMost definitely would order again. Saag paneer was yummy. My vegan mother in law loved the veggie masala. My wife's chicken tikka was perfect.
Honestly not the best place for curry. Had their prix fix with chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and mango lassi. I'll praise their consistancy because everything was flavorless and bland. Their customer service would be their only saving grace. They were very polite and friendly. The food itself however would be a 1 star. A coworker commented "it's edible." Sadly that's all it was; it was not enjoyable to eat at all. The chicken tikka in the chicken tikka masala had no flavor. It's as if none of the flavors were developed into the chicken itself. The garlic naan was just garlic tossed on top of the naan. The garlic was not baked into the naan so none of the garlic flavor imparted onto naan. Even the rice pudding had no flavor. The mango lassi was one of the worst lassis I've ever had. It just tasted sour and had no mango flavor. I didn't know food could be this bland. Also the price being charged here is terrible. If you're looking to get your curry fix go down to curry row and pick any random curry place. I assure you, it would be a step up.
Nothing less than amazing. Smells like India the moment you come in. Small restaurant but it's so cozy. I love this place. They refill your water before it's even done, they always ask you if you need anything and if the food is good, and let me tell you, the food is SPECTACULAR! It's cooked perfectly! We got the plain naan - so amazing. Then the vindaloo (it is very spicy, and I'm a spicy kinda girl and this did the job) and the chicken tikka masala. And the rice is cooked just perfect. 2 ppl. 2 naan orders and two main course orders came to 41 dollars. I swear it's so affordable and you get a great ambiance and perfectly cooked food and amazing service! This is my new favorite midtown Indian spot!
I was excited to try this place, because I adore Indian food. When I ordered my dish I got I got the Malia kofta (vegetable balls). I asked them to please add paneer cheese to my dish but they said they couldn't do that. I didn't understand why, it was weird. I have eaten at many Indian places & their food was just not that good. Not to mention the portions are pretty small. I was not thrilled with this place, but I will say they were attentive with filling our water glasses which was nice. I don't plan to come back, & if you like great authentic Indian food I can tell you it's not here.
Bengal Tiger, you have my heart. First off, this is some of the most attentive service I have had in a while, so big ups for that. Second, the food is downright amazing. You can't go wrong with anything. My beloved Chicken Makhani is literally life changing. There is nothing better after a long day of work than being embraced by the beautiful, buttery sauce of this dish. I wish I was kidding. I'm not. The garlic and paneer naans are always stand outs & the samosas are really tasty. They have a 3 course prixe fix dinner that is a really great value as well. I've been several times & I will keep coming back.
Delicious!  Ordered the Tikka Masala and the Nan for pickup online, dropped by and picked it up.  They had a quick and efficient service.  I went back to the hotel and crushed it.  Everything was super tasty.  No complaints.  ... Time for a nap...
Do you know that feeling where you are SO full but the food is so good, you just keep eating? That was me tonight. So very happy to find this place. Vegetable samosa? On point. Cilantro naan? Yup. Chicken Tikka masala? Just right (I requested medium spice and it was perfect).  I will definitely be back!
I am in love with Indian food, and I came across this place through yelp!  I came here with my boyfriend at around 6:00 pm and noticed that the restaurant was located on the second floor. As soon upon entering, the restaurant was packed! It wasn't a big restaurant, so we had to wait to be seated for about 30 minutes. We were seated in a small two seat table close to the door. I didn't really have a problem with the small tables. However, when more people were coming into the restaurant, people were waiting behind us while we were eating. It made it a little uncomfortable when we were eating because you could see all the people waiting to be seated behind you.For my dining cuisine experience, all I could say is that it was amazing! I ordered Saag Paneer at a spice level of 9, while my boyfriend chose the Prix-Fix Dinner option for $17.95. Both of our entrees came with the side of Basmati RIce and we also ordered an extra side of Garlic Naan. My spice level was met with perfection and the Saag Paneer was perfectly seasoned. I also took several bites of my boyfriend's Chicken Tikka Masala, and it was also really delicious. My boyfriend chose the Vegetable Samosa as his appetizer, and it was one big Samosa! We were able to share it together and we both felt perfectly satisfied for our entree. There was also an extra spice kick after each bite of the samosa, which I LOVED. The Garlic Naan came out of the oven warm and soft with drizzles of garlic chunks and butter - pure perfection. To end off my boyfriend's Prix-Fix Dinner, Kheer was served. It was sweet and delicate, which definitely helped clear our taste buds from the food we had.  The server who served us was really sweet. She always refilled our cups with water and gave us just the right amount of attention. I also think she gave us a larger portion of the Kheer, since my boyfriend and I were sharing.  My overall experience was amazing and I would come here over and over again to satisfy my Indian food cravings. I couldn't stop myself from taking that extra bite, even after I was full.
Great lunch spot with friendly, quick service.  I have eaten here many times, and every time it has been delicious.  The chicken in the tikka masala is always cooked just right.  The sauce is creamy, sweet, and with a nice hint of spice.  Do yourself a favor and get the garlic naan for $1.50 extra.
Great food, fast service, unbeatable price. Stopped by for lunch during work and got the chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo with garlic naan. Will definitely be going more often.
We took garlic naan, chicken korma and malai kofta. Curry was ok. Naan was better. Taste wise only 3 stars.
Definitely a place to eat anytime in New York! The people here are dedicated to excellent service and despite the fact that the seating area was small, they accommodate people and make you feel very welcome!The food is exquisite from the chai tea to the tikka masala was superb! We will definitely be back!
Great food, great service! Will definitely come back!A bit on the pricey side and they don't give you naan for free tho...
Absolutely delicious! Their version of "mild spicy" is not mild at all. But other than that it's delish. I had the food delivered to my hotel (ordered it through Yelp and didn't even know that was possible). Food came fresh and hot, was inexpensive and no delivery charge.
At first, the place can be easy to miss, since it's on a busy street full of different restaurants and you have to go up a flight of stairs to get to the restaurant. But you won't regret choosing this place over the others for dinner! I've been here several times with my boyfriend for dinner on Friday nights. Their prix fix menu is offered at all times (not just during lunchtime, like at many other Indian places) and is very affordable -- you can get an appetizer, entree, and dessert for only $17!!! That's a steal when it comes to Indian cuisine (especially in the city)! My boyfriend and I, we each order the prix fix because the portions are made for one person. We usually like to order the samosa for the appetizer, which comes as one samosa per person. Then there are a good 15 or so options for your entree, including vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. I personally love their chicken tikka masala, and the paneer makhani if you want to go with a vegetarian option. And for the dessert, they let you choose what you want. My favorite is to get the Kheer (Rice pudding) which is one of the best Indian rice puddings I've had! It's really creamy and yet light, and there are some nuts mixed in that add a touch of freshness. And it's served cool, perfect after eating a rich, warm meal. As Indian place come, the food here is not too greasy, and it's also a friendly place to try for anyone who is afraid of spice. Most of their dishes aren't very spicy (I'm personally not very spice-tolerant when it comes to food), and they are happy to adjust the heat level for you. Also, the waitstaff are all really friendly and hospitable. I've been to Bengal Tiger several times now, and whether it's busy or not, the waitstaff are all really attentive, and they all exude this sense of calm and inner balance. They have this spiritual air about them, and it really adds to the calming atmosphere of the restaurant created by the meditational music they have playing and the dimmed lighting. A good place to go to if you want to have a nice relaxing dinner for two on a Friday night! I will say that the restaurant is on the narrow side, so if you go during prime dinner hours the restaurant will most likely be pretty full, and it might feel a bit tight. I liked it best when we went at around 5:30 -- we made it just before the dinner rush, and the place was almost empty at the time, which allowed us to enjoy the atmosphere more. Another important thing is that this place is better for groups of 2 - 4, since their tables are small. I think if you want to bring a party of 6, you can call ahead of time and they'll merge a set of tables by their window that overlooks the street below for you and your guests. But parties bigger than that probably won't fit. This is probably one of the best places for Indian food in the city, and definitely one of the best places on the Upper East Side! The food is great, the price is right (no pun intended ^^), and the service is amazing!
This restaurant is fantastic, but definitely small. If you don't time it right you're going to have to wait.That being said, the food was amazing, we got the Mulligatawny soup, garlic naan, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Chicken Makhani. The portions were a good size, and everything was well cooked and delicious.The wait staff was amazingly attentive, our water cups never got close to empty, and they brought us a rice pudding before we left.  Next time I'm in the city I will definitely make it a point to return.
Definitely one of the best Indian places I've been to. From the outside, it's hard to tell that it's even there because the restaurant is located on the building's second floor--but don't let that deter you! I've been here numerous times and it has failed to disappoint. Great food, great service, great prices (especially during lunch hours!)
Love good Indian food!! Bengal Tiger is the place! It is very, very small but big on taste and flavor! We had the 3 course prefix menu $19.99 which included appetizer, entree, rice, and dessert; naan and drink extra! A great value and great food!!
We popped in for an impromptu dinner date around 6:30 on a Saturday evening and were seated right away. We each had the 3 course (me the Lamb Saag, him the Chicken Korma). Great choices for us both.  Naan costs extra but it was worth it. Kheer for dessert was on point.  Delicious! Delicious! Delicious!
Quick lunch spot. Stand in line, order, and in less than 5 minutes you are eating. Plates are pretty filling.  But I don't know about cost. Could be a few dollars cheaper. Food is definitely tasty and we'll prepared. Lamb vindaloo has a slight spicy kick to it which I love.... Enjoy!
So it feels like 5 degrees out and all of NYC is upstairs at Bengal Tiger at lunch. Take it to go if you can. What I got:Pick two lunch, Chicken masala and korma. Brown rice. That is 8.95. I wanted protein so no veg today. You get big chunks of white meat chicken. Sauce is spicy for a korma. It was hotter than tikka masala.  Tasty but not the depth and layers of flavor you might find elsewhere. I paid 1.50 extra for garlic naan. This seemed fresher and made to order than Regular. Both were good. They put about a cup and a half of rice. I know they want to give money's worth but that is too much and so much you see in the garbage. Delicious rice, but people are wasting food. Chai was great. This is a brisk business but great for lunch and affordable for this area. Fast food ordering style. I escaped my conference and knew I could get some break time here. Even though it was mobbed! Quite tasty. Nice folks.
Excellent food, service and price.. and on top of that its a byob (no corkage fee!) what else is there to say?.. See below:My party consisted of 5 dashing gentlemen and a few bottles of wine to get the evening started :D Everyone was satisfied with their choices; I for one ordered the vegetable tikka masala. I consider myself a carnivore and the only reason I ordered vegetarian is that I was in the mood for something on the lighter side. I'll just say that I didn't miss the animal protein based dishes at all; the veggie masala was delicious. But where Bengal Tiger really shone was in their service. The staff was particularly well mannered and attentive. They even put up with our over-complicated way of splitting the bill on 3 cards (all with different amounts of course) + cash and did so with a smile! I was pleasantly surprised to say the least. Some quick tips: 1) Bengal tiger does not allow hard liquor.. you drunks :D so stick to wine/beer2) The prix fixe menu is a great deal, appetizer, entree and desert for ~$18 if memory servesSo grab some friends and pay BT a visit, you will most likely not regret it.
Read reviews carefully and don't pick just by the star rating! Here's my two-STAR review:Situation: we were in Times Square and some of the party had a craving for Indian food.Task: Find best Indian food nearby. According to Yelp "stars", this one by a wide margin.Action: get in cabs, climb up stairs, reach just in time & place order before kitchen closes.Result: Service was top notch, that's why I had not the heart to rate them one star. The food was definitely not "sublime" or even "good" as you'd expect from the rating and location. I'd describe all three dishes we ordered, aloo gobhi, baingan bharta and lamb vindaloo as being smashed/overcooked veggies/tiny pieces of meat dumped in clearly undercooked spice gravies - most apparently the vindaloo which tasted like lamb dunked in sambal oelek. The item I enjoyed the most was the complimentary raita dipped in roti :). Certainly not worth the trouble of climbing those steps again (to be fair we had someone in our party with mobility challenges; it's just one flight of steps, not super long). Most important, this experience makes me question the value of Yelp as a quick unbiased filter, as opposed to knowing names of good places from local friends :).
I am from wilmington, delaware and thought this food was mediocre to poor. Key fresh spices were missing.  Very disappointed.   Not sure what all the hype is about?
Food is pretty good and customer service is amazing. They are very humble people and make sure that you enjoyed your experience.
Food was pretty good, had the Chicken Tikka, Bengan Bharta and some Onion Nan. Tikka was excellent, Bharta was decent, and the Nan was also decent but short of the best. Service was friendly and fast. No alcohol, though they allow BYOB. Prices were reasonable. Overall, a good experience.
Best Indian food I have ever had and an amazing value!  My husband and I shared an entree, appetizer, and garlic naan, and it was plenty of food.  We will definitely be back next time we're in NYC!
Given the positive Yelp reviews, I went to Bengal Tiger today.  I feel that it is really overrated in the reviews on Yelp. On the plus side, by NYC standards, it's a very good value in terms of the quantity of the food. The basmati rice was fine, the naan only so so. My companion ordered the palak paneer and the chicken tikka korma, while I chose the chana masala and the chicken vindaloo.  We also ordered a side of raita, and requested free tap water. The bill came to $22, which is very reasonable, the service was fast, and the tables clean. While the food was tasty, it was heavily sauced in no particularly memorable way. I lived in South Asia for 12 years, and have been coming and going there for over 35 years.  This restaurant delivers good value portions of South Asian restaurant food of medium quality. I am not quite sure why it's so highly rated.
Great service. Very attentive. But the place is way too small...the tables are too small for the million little dishes that come with Indian food. so eating is a constant maneuvering. Flavors are decent but why use only white meat? Good efforts but can't say I'd go back....
I was never a fan of Indian food but this place have changed my mind. I can't wait to come back! This is a hole in the wall restaurant on the second floor and it is very tiny. The restaurant can probably fit up to 30 people and I wouldn't recommend coming with more than 4 people. It is a very intimate restaurant. Came here on a Saturday with friends and waited 30 minutes for a table. They do NOT take reservations. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They do not serve alcohol but it is BYOB. The waiter even told us where to buy alcohol! There's a Wine & Spirits a block away so you can come prepared. They charge a corkage fee but we didn't see one on our bill.Make sure you check in on Yelp for your free naan! The waiter was nice enough to have us pick a flavored one and we picked the garlic naan. It was hot, fluffy and delicious! My friends did the prix fixe menu and I had the tandoori chicken tikka (came with basmati rice). The chicken was very flavorful and the sauce that came with it was a great complement. Great texture and flavor.I can't wait to come back and try the other naan and the rest of the menu. I would definitely recommend this place if you're around the area. Great prices too!
The food was amazing. Great service. Well worth the wait for a table! We had the korma and Tikki Masala. I would recommend the garlic naan!
My fiancée and I love Bengal Tiger.  The chicken vindaloo and chicken tiki masala are outrageously good.  They can vary the spice, so both those who like their mouth to burn (myself) and those who prefer something more mild (fiancee) can get what they want.  Prices are very reasonable for NYC, making this our go-to place for Indian food.  Highly recommend.
Flavors are far from being authentic indian. Probably worst chicken tikka masala, I have ever had. Too high on turmeric. Masking all the other creamy, rich, delicate flavors that are typically expected from tikka masala. I know Indian food very well, being from the same ethnicity. And I would say - avoid this rip off place or if you chose to visit, do not judge Indian food based on what is served here :)
The servers were really nice and food was good. First time trying a mango lassi, and it was really good! Tasted like ice cream.
First time eating here for lunch while in NYC.  Great flavor, great lunch specials, vegetarian options, gulab jamun! Walking distance from Central Park-nice staff. I'd go again.
Very good Indian food, mid level spicy and very good ambience. Good service but can be better if they can customize the dishes a bit. Overall, enjoyed the dinner and recommend visiting this place.
Yelp strikes again! Great food, get the garlic naan and the Chicken Tikka Masala. You won't be disappointed!
Great experience. While roaming around saw the bengal tiger indian cusine decide to try and my decision was right. It is a must go place for indian food lovers. The food was of real taste. Ordered chicken malai kabab and tandoori chicken tikka. These were the best i have ever tried the flavour, the taste and perfectly cooked. I have tried in other also but I didn't find upto the mark, But this is the one which deserves 5star. The service was quick and Friendly. Everything was perfect. Will be back definitely.
As an Indian food enthusiast this place is my comfort zone in midtown. There prefixed menu is awesome and very generous. Always eat too much because everything is so tasty. Chana masala, aloo gobi matar, the dish with the eggplant, the samosa and the pakora are sooooo perfect!Also, it's  BYOB- which makes it even cheaper and fun!
One of my favourite Indian restaurants outside of Canada. We were in New York celebrating my birthday, and as Indian cuisine is both my husbands and my favourite, we decided to look for Indian restaurant close to Time Square. Reviews looked awesome, so we decided to give it a shot. I have to say, that this was the best chocolate choice. The place was really nice and cozy, the food arrived very fast (I actually wish it didn't come so fast, as we wanted to spend more time in the restaurant), and both dishes that we ordered were so so delicious.I loved that they had plenty of vegetarian dishes, very flavourful. Also the drinks were very tasty. I highly recommend this restaurant, if you like Indian food.
I thought this place was good. We started with the Chicken Malai Kabab and it was okay. It was cooked nicely, but the flavor wasn't as great as I might have supposed. The regular naan and garlic naan were both fantastic. Truly some of the better naan you'll have. The chewy to crisp ratio was perfect. Because we settled on Chicken Tikka Masala for one dish, we decided to get a little frisky with dish #2 and went with the Lamb Vindaloo. I say frisky, because the dish comes with a warning: VERY SPICY. When questioned about the spice level, we were told it was a 9/10. Now that sounds spicy. What the heck, we went for it, and it did not disappoint. Spicy it was, but not overly. Sure, i may have been sweating by the end of the meal, but when don't I?! All in all, it was tasty, and I'd probably get it again. The space itself is upstairs and rather cramped; it was cozy to say the least. Fun experience.
What an awesome restaurant! Came here around 630 on a Friday evening to grab dinner before a show. The place was packed and lots of people waiting but the wait for two was only about 20 min. We put our name in and then ran to the wine store one block over and picked up a bottle since this place is BYOB with only a $5 corkage fee. While we were waiting they offered to open the bottle so we could have a drink while we wait and never even charged us a corkage fee. Classy. They also brought around some naan as a little appetizer for everyone waiting. Finally seated, we already knew what we wanted so we ordered the Chicken Vindaloo, mashed eggplant, raita and garlic naan. Everything was amazing! The Vindaloo was spicy as expected, but still had flavor to match the heat. The eggplant was delicious but lost a bit of flavor once my mouth was hot from the vindaloo. The naan was perfectly baked with a good amount of fresh garlic and the raita a nice cooling splash to counteract the chilis. We didn't have time for dessert but they brought us out a taste of the rice pudding anyway. All in all amazing service, great food, and good atmosphere. Don't hesitate to come here if you're in the area.
I just love this hidden gem on a second floor in midtown.  Anytime I am around here, I build in a plan to stop.  It is BYOB too!  Price is fantastic at $21.95 for three course pre-fixe and you will leave more than pleasantly full.  It is as close to authentic as you can get in the US and so delicious.
This place obviously knows what they are doing!The food was amazing.We ordered Lamb curry and Vegetable Tikka masala, and finished every single drop of the sauce in less than 30 minutes. Of course we were hungry but it's rare where we walk into a restaurant and just focus on food and finish it so quick.The place was full but seat was given pretty quick. Service was very fast and friendly as well.It's a little pricier than I would expect for the portion and the atmosphere, but it was definitely worth it for the taste! Will definitely go again when we are around that area!
Thank you Bengal for the best meal we had in NYC! Not only was everything we ordered excellent but the service was just as good. From the lentil soup and samosa to the chicken masala, all of it was amazing!!!
Delicious lentil soup! Friday night is quite packed. Saw a lot of people standing in line for take out too.
My favorite Indian Food Restaurant !Their food is so great and it is so affordable.Mango Lassi so amazing,  don't leave without tasting this. Garlic Naan is good , you literally taste bits of garlic.Chicken Tandoori is to die for , love how they use white meat and it's little chicken breast. Definitely come here if it's your first time eating Indian  food , you would love it and want to come back again soon.
Good lunch special. I ordered the lunch pack that came with chicken korma and tika masala. $9.75 is a good deal.  I was there a while ago, so don't really remember so well, but I think I was happy with the food.
A good operation, fast service but very limited number of dishes. The food itself was average except the Dall which was top notch. Wouldn't rush back
Tried Indian for the first time & I'm absolutely obsessed. This restaurant has high ratings for the right reasons. Besides the small space & tight seatings, the food made up for it overall.The 3-course Prix Fix will fill you up for $20!! I ordered Samosa, Chicken Tikka Masala, Roti, Garlic Bread, Mango Lassi & Kheer.Samosa was delicious. A bit like an Indian-version of meatball, bursting with flavors.Chicken Tikka Masala can either be spicy or not. Very spicy but delicious!! Heavy sauce to match the type of rice. Roti & Garlic Bread were delicious, partnered with the Tikka Masala sauce very well, though garlic flavoring was strong.Mango Lassi is a mango-banana flavored smoothie. Very thick texture, more of a dessert type drink.Kheer is very sweet rice pudding.Highly recommend.
Yummy! So good! We ate Italian, French, Thai, steakhouse, Japanese on our latest trip to NYC... This was the best! Buy your wine ahead of time-bring it, they'll cork it!!! It sooooo good!!! Service excellent!!!
I've been here several times for lunch and always leave happy.Delicious Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Vindaloo. The lunch special comes with naan and basmati rice for under 10 bucks. I can never finish it all. Try the mango lassi if you're in the mood for something sweet - it's thick and very filling though.
Sooo glad we stumbled upon this place! Did the prix fixed menu which was more than reasonably priced with plenty of delicious options! Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. The staff was super friendly with proper knowledge of the menu. Very attentive and fast, but you don't feel rushed at all. I would def recommend this place for good Indian. ONE THING I wish I knew before was that they don't serve alcohol. But they allow you to bring your own and won't charge you a corking fee. However I didn't know this Til we already sat. Check it out!!
This place is terribly cold.their heater Dosent work. onto the food- quite honestly for $18 price fixed I expected ALOT more. Esp compared to the Murray hill restaurants this place is NOTHING great.They also charge for naan on top of the $18. ARe you kidding me?Also this place iS TINY and up a shady dirty old stairwell. It is not well kept and I will not be back. There are maybe 15 tables which fit between 2-4 people. TINY restaurant in a tiny space.Who keeps giving them 4+ star reviews???I won't be back.Try Chola or other places in Murray Hill.
Best Indian food I've ever had and was extremely reasonable! I got the chicken tikka masala and it was so delicious. The naan here is also out of this world. The waiter was so nice and very attentive. Best meal I've had in a while.
2.5/3.0 for food; 2.0/2.0 for serviceExpect a wait on a busy Friday night! But it's worth it! You can also BYOB.Ordered:Lamb vindaloo: listed on the menu as very spicy, indeed it is. The sauce is a blend of aromatic spices which brings the heat in the dish. The lamb taste was not overpowering and  it was nice and tender! Baingan Bharta (Roasted eggplant): at first look, it reminded me of babaganoush. Although similar in appearance, the taste slightly different (however both are garlicky). Saag paneer (spinach w/ farmer's cheese): nice and creamy, very flavorful. It is different from the saag paneer that I've tried at other Indian restaurants in the city. The cheese in it was very good as well. Coconut naan: very unique, just the right amount of sweet. Unlike other naan which goes well with curry, this flavorful naan is great on its own!
This is a small restaurant upstairs with little room for people waiting for a table and there were plenty on a Saturday night.  But once we got seated things sped up nicely. The place, being small, had a kind of communal homey feeling. Friendly and fast service followed by good Indian food and fair prices. I especially liked their Pakora, which was one of the best that I have ever tasted.  Portion sizes were about average and we left pretty full and happy with this choice.  I'd certainly go back for more.
A bit hidden. On 56th street, walking up the stairs you can find this incredible Indian restaurant. One of the best butter chicken I've ever had! Awesome authentic Indian feeling as well.
So I went there again yst with a few friends.... Started off with the pakoras and chicken kebab.... Both were very good.... Pakoras were nice and crisp and chicken was tender...Ordered chicken tikka masala, chicken some other curry and my fav malai kofta.....This time I dint feel it in the malai kofta... Something was off... Could be the salt... It was less and I just dint feel any taste. Right amount of salt is really a key to bringing out the flavor.....Must say I was not too happy
Just ate here based on the reviews. I guess that there comes a point where Yelp (people) never lies.I have experience eating Indian food, and this is the best I've ever had, seriously, and for the price, you really can't go wrong eating here.The coconut pieces of bread are amazing. Samosas for apetizer, Basmati rice, chickpeas, spinach. All excelent!
Chose this restaurant after reading it's reviews and I was not disapointed.The place is small but has a good atmosphere.Staff is friendly.I had a vegetable samosa and a chicken korma. Everything was really good and cooked perfectly.I definitely recommand this place if you want some good Indian food.
Bengal Tiger was perfect! Casual yet elegant Indian cuisine with attentive, quick service. $17.95 prix fixe dinner was perfect for us. There were a lot of choices and everything was honestly very good! Garlic naan was a little dry so I would maybe save the $3 and get pappadum instead. The chicken tikka masala was exceptional and was very flavorful and tender. You will not be disappointed!
The food was good but not extraordinary. I ordered online and the staff was very cordial and helpful.
5/5 service, 4/5 food, 3/5 decor.Food is very good, some of the best Indian I've had in NY, and the price is very right.No diarrhea!
LOVE IT!!  I've heard a lot about this place and had to come and see for myself.  Even coming on a Wednesday night the place was packed and a 20 minute wait and I see why.   Everything was cooked to perfection and it is the first time I've had Indian food and didn't feel like anything was heavy.   Food is excellent!  They have a pre-fix option ~$19 with a starter, main, and dessert.  The lamb spring roll was excellent.  The meat inside was fresh and it was the first time I've had a spring roll that wasn't overly deep fried and instead good/lightly crispy on the outside.  The chicken korma was delicious one of my favorites but not overly creamy like other places.  Even the kheer for dessert was nowhere near as super sweet as other places.   Definitely coming back here!!
AMAZING. Yum. This place was Fabulous! It's tiny, looks a bit like a hole in the wall, and does not seem to have a handicap access (you have to walk up a flight of stairs to get there), but the staff was attentive and friendly. Best of all, the food was amazing and affordable. We split a meal- for just under $17 we got an appetizer, entree, and dessert. The vegetable tikka masala had great flavor. It could've been just a little hotter but it was still spicy enough to enjoy. I highly recommend.
Yum!  Went with 3 others and had a great experience. Arrived at 5 and were seated right away.  Not fancy but calming atmosphere. We ordered 3 price fixed and one ala carte meal. Delicious appy's of lamb spring rolls that were much larger than expected. They came with dipping sauce that was so good we saved it for the upcoming naan which was good but not the best we've had. Mulligatany soup also delish. Chicken korma, lamb vindaloo, baigan bartha, chana saag all good size portions we enjoyed very much.  Excellent basmati rice accompanied each. Best rice pudding dessert i have ever had, not too sweet nor heavy. They even gave us a free  4th dessert. Wait staff was very attentive and cheerful making sure you were happy with everything.Only regret is that they are not convenient to where we live. Prices r very reasonable for midtown. Will definitely go back.
Service was phenomenal. All of the food was really good. Vegetable samosa, Papadums, naan bread and the chicken tikka Marsala was cooked perfectly. I ordered the spicy which was supposed to be a 6 and it didn't feel spicy at all so if you want spicy, ask. All in all a great meal.
This place rocks for a great Indian Lunch take-out.  2 choices from a slew of options with Rice and Naan.  I didn't think the vindaloo was crazy spicy, which made me happy.I usually get Poppadums too, cos, well, they are poppadums and they crunch.Don't leave without a Mango Lassi!! (unless you don't like them of course)
Very standard Indian place, nothing special about it. Naan was good, lamb saag was good, chicken tikki masala was good, mango lassi was good. Very narrow restaurant with limited seating. I wish this place upped the decor or something.
Affordable, vegetarian-friendly, and good food. What else does one need?This was steps away from my office and a great find! The location is a tad bit hard to find as their is a short walk-up to the second floor but its location in Midtown is definitely convenient.Now, onto the food: I went with a friend so we could order family style. We ordered the saag paneer, malai kofta, garlic naan, and papad. All the entrees were not too spicy, although I'm sure they could have made it spicier if we asked. The saag paneer was flavorful without being too heavy -- which can be a concern when eating Indian food in restaurants. The gravy in the malai kofta was heavenly: not too sweet but creamy. Too often, restaurants make malai kofta taste more like mithai (sweet) kofta but Bengal Tiger got its kofta quite right. The staff was also attentive, always refilling water for my less-spice tolerant friend. There is also a Yelp coupon you should check out if in the area (but it is definitely affordable even without it). Bengal Tiger is worth it for a quick lunch in Midtown or when you are just in the mood for some good curry that won't break the bank!
This is a great find.  Service was excellent, food was great.  Will definitely return next time I am in NYC.
Fantastic food.   Great prices.   Excellentservice.  Only issue?  Super tiny single bathroom.
Love this place! good Indian, intimate setting, BYOB! Awesome Saag Paneer, but limited seating...Oh and 9$ LUNCH, crazy fast and amazingly good!
Let me start by saying there is no way this restaurant could have so many outstanding reviews without some help from the owner on their 400 family members. I've eaten a lot of Indian food and what they serve me was some of the worst Indian food I've ever had. I will say that the mulligatawny soup was actually decent the nan was good and so was the rice. The rest was downhill being served the worst vindaloo I've ever had. The chicken was tough sauce was spicy but clearly a one note taste. There was not a single Indian person eating in there which is an indication that I should've paid attention to. There's absolutely no way in New York City this is one of the top rated Indian restaurants. I highly recommend you find some other place should you get the itch for Indian food.
Veggie tikka masala - so creamy and delicious, loved the assortment of vegetables in there.Mango lassi - too much dairy and not enough mango in my opinion. Altho, it's a rather big serving, so would recommend splitting it for 2Veg croquette - it was meh, kind if like a veggie meatball in sauce, I wouldn't recommendGarlic naan - there were real garlic pieces on there as oppose to garlic powder. As a garlic lover, wish there'd be ever more garlic!
The food at Bengal Tiger is very clearly made with love. I can give it no higher praise.
Pretty good eats. Buttery naan. Perfect vindaloo. Its BYOB. They don't serve alcohol. Smaller than I thought. Kid friendly. Yum yum.
The service was fine but the food was pretty mediocre. I selected the prix fixe option and as an appetizer got mulligatawny soup (which was actually the highlight of the meal) and bhartha. The bhartha had so much garlic in it that it just completely overpowered the dish and made it taste very one-note. I couldn't finish it. They also forgot to bring the dessert, kheer, that came with the prix fixe menu until I mentioned it. Once I got it it was pretty good but a little on the soupy side. Overall, I've had much better Indian food in New York and would not recommend this place even though it has such high ratings...
The mango lassi was way too sweet - I should have asked them not to add sugar, it was almost difficult to drink because of how sweet it was. The basmati rice was hard and the chicken in the tikka chicken masala was dry. Overall not a good food experience. But they did give me extra sauce when I asked for it.
The place was a bit small, a bit narrow, and intentionally dark (which is fine as the sunlight was enough). The chalkboard menu at the end, and some nice colored decorations, and the nice flute music made for a calm environment, which perhaps would be even better at night. The seats were wooden chairs, which might ok for some, but seating against the wall was not comfortable as there was a wall separator pane thing hitting your back. Now, for the food, it came in after some time, but not late.The food was good indeed, the samosa was fresh, though not spicy or striking with flavor, and the sauces were good too, the texture of both samosa and sauce were great. Chicken tikka masala was great, very good flavor, and it paired really well with the naan, which was also very good. This practice of giving plain basmati fried rice as a 'side' to north indian dishes like paneer/chana/chicken masala is a bit strange to me as I have only ever had it with naan or roti, and the masala is considered the side dish. So, obviously I'm thinking it's a hipster grade menu at this point, but an actual hipster customer showed up and asked about coconut oil and ghee, and they mentioned they didn't use that, which is bit odd too. Also, none of the servers/receptionists, or anyone on the front was Indian. The people that came to eat were east-asian, and same with the working staff. Nothing wrong with this, but if you have to mention spice-level to someone then you kinda know it's not authentic (atleast not in the form of fresh indian working staff straight from bengal).Summary: good decent indian food, reasonable price. Is it a 4.5/5 must go place in midtown nyc? Nope, but you also won't be dissapointed much if you just go there to eat casually.
Cute little spot near our hotel @ a recent visit to NYC. Reasonably priced & very good food.
Definitely a good Indian restaurant. My only knock is I asked for extra spicy and it was medium at best. But the food was great and tasty.
Excellent, authentic food!! Lamb vindaloo packs a ton of spicy flavor.  The vegetable samosas are perfectly fried.  No alcohol at the restaurant but I left so full not sure I could have had a drink!
Climb the stairs to the second floor and walk into a very small Indian restaurant. I decided on the Prix Fixe menu: Mulligatawny soup and chana saag with rice pudding for desert. All three dishes were delicious. The garlic naan was warm and garlicky. The waiters were very attentive, filling our glasses with water and removing empty plates as soon as they saw them - undoubtedly because the place is so small and was crowded. Despite that I never felt rushed by them. And you can't beat the price: 16.95 not including drinks, tip or tax. I would give this place five stars but I don't like to do that on a first visit. When I return (and I will) then they'll get the five.
This place is great! I just started working in the Times Square area and wanted to try new places so I checked on Yelp and found this place. I had the lunch box which was rice, naan, chicken tikka masala, and chicken korma for $9.74.  I couldnt even eat it all, it was so much food.  And it was so good! I love chicken tikka masala and rarely find a place that doesnt make the sauce too thin - this sauce here was perfectly thick and didn't trip all over the place! Definitly my new favorite place for Indian in the city.The staff was super nice as well :)
Loved the food! Very authentic and tasty. Service is good as well. We ordered the lunch specials and it was a good deal!
3 corse fixed priced meal offers a selection of appetizers, entrees, and keep for dessert. Vegetable samosas and chicken Tikka marshland was excellent. Service was outstanding as well.
This place is awesome! Best garlic naan, the chicken korma was delicious and their rice has the perfect sticky consistency I like. The dessert (kheer) was the best I've ever had. And reallllly great service.
A casual Indian place located on the second floor of a building near 6th ave and west 56th st. I got the pakora, aloo gobi (spicy), naan, and tandoori chicken. The pakora was super crispy (deep fried) and heavily spiced. It is different from the usual golden pakoras I have tried in the past, but it was still very good. The aloo gobi was also very good. The combination of spices was very complementary and the addition of the heat really brings the dish together. The naan and the basmati rice were exceptional. I could eat them up by itself! The tandoori chicken was my favorite out of the dishes I have tried. I especially liked the yogurt that came with it (sweet and savory). I did however, find it a bit dry, but the chicken was so well seasoned, and the yogurt gave it a nice moisture that it hardly bothered me. The service was nice. I was sitting all the way in the back (by the windows) so it was harder getting the waiter's attention, but other than that, the waiter was really helpful and friendly.
Fantastic Food!  We ordered the Chicken Curry and Chicken Vindaloo.  Spicy and fantastic!  We arrived around 6 PM on a Saturday night and seated immediately.  By 6:15 the line was 10-15 people deep.It is a BYOB so you can bring a nice bottle or six pack.Definitely a MUST on your culinary adventures.
Wow.  Was not expecting much with the small 2nd floor restaraunt.  However, we needed to get our curry fix on a cold wet day in the city.  You won't be disappointed.  Fast, friendly, and most importantly.... Great Indian food!   We were also surprised with the lunch price of $8.95 with the amount of food given.  Check them out
Wonderful.I'm not even a big fan of Indian cuisine, but i enjoyed the food here very much.2 entrees, rice, and naan for $9.75 (tax included). Very reasonable as the portions are quite filling.
More 4.5 however there are quite a few who say that and rounded down so I'll round up to even it out! Busy little spot, and we had to wait 10 minutes for a table - there isn't stacks of seating probably seats max 30 ppl. However the food was coming out quickly and the staff were really hustling. Because we had stood there while we waited we knew what we wanted and ordered pretty much straight away. Vegetable samosa, these came out quick and had two sauces a cilantro? Sauce and a sweeter sauce. The samosa was crispy and quite large, mine was not quite hot in the centre however it still tastes good. The filling had great flavour and was just a touch spicy. We then had lamb korma (spicy) chicken tikka masala, daal, plain naan and garlic naan. The dishes were really good, meat was tender and flavoursome. Good amount of meat too. The daal was a tad bland but it did pair nicely with the robust flavours in the other dishes. Really really good naan, it's one of my favourite things about Indian food and it was perfectly cooked! The service was quick and attentive. The worst thing is the noise in there, no softness to anything so if you get a noisy group it just reverberates. Half way though there was a table of 6 come in and they were super loud. But nothing you can't deal with!
The food was out standing. The service was excellent. We had the chicken masalas, lamb korma, chicken tikka masala, and a butt load of nan bread.
Super good service, nice place and great food!! The vegetable samosa was outstanding and sauce complemented perfectly. Chicken curry and tikka masala are really good and portioned well. The atmosphere is comfortable and cute, plus the service was great.
The food was really good, the place is nice and I thought the prices were really good for value. The reason I am not writing an outstanding review is because the bathroom was gross. If you ask people not to put the paper in the flush, have the common sense of cleaning the bathroom every other hour. I will def come back, but I'll make sure I go to the bathroom first :D
This place is great! I stay in midtown when I come up to NY for business and one of the nights I have to have Bengal Tiger. You have to go up one flight from street level and it's a cute little restaurant. Nothing fancy. But, the food is delish!
Solid Indian food, quality ingredients, and fair prices. Oh, and fast and easy lunch take out. Pretty much exactly what I look for in an Indian place.I've only been here once (can't believe I never saw this place) since I used to always go to Indus (until we found a cockroach in the food) and Utsav (until I realized getting lunch take-out here is like pulling teeth and takes 30 minutes) but I will be back regularly. This is my new Indian food take-out spot, and will be until they prove otherwise. Side note: I think my Chicken Tikka Masala was all white meat! Which means my fiancee will love it. She was never a fan of the dark stuff.I'll udpate my review once I have more dishes :)
I always ordered the lamb vandaloo which is super spicy, but very seasoned and good.Staff were attentive and food arrived quickly.Weekend and dinner are more expensive, but lunch is definitely a very good deal in which you get to pick two items.
Super attentive and friendly serving staff and great food. I'm somewhat boring on my Indian food and usually order chicken tikka masala which I ordered with garlic naan. It was delicious. My wife had the vegetable tikka masala with pakora for an appetizer.  Prices are reasonable for NYC too. My wife and I ate here twice while in the city and it was upon our return visit that I was inspired to leave a review. I ordered my chicken tikka masala "spicy" but they brought it out as a mild. They were super apologetic and very quick to rectify the mistake and bring out a spicy version. That combined with never letting my water glass get to more than half empty sold me on a 5 star review.
Really good Indian food.   Chicken  tikka masala and chicken korma were pretty good.  The rice pudding they have for desert was excellent.
This was my first time at this restaurant and we were 2nd in line on the waiting list. The first party of 5 became a party of 3 at the last minute and while we were also a party of 3 (with a 7year old), they refused to join tables to accommodate a year old. I don't think they should be advertising this place as kid friendly. Eventually I had to walk out of the place because the wait time had become way too long for a hungry 7 year old...
3 stars for the food itself. I guess for non-indians, this food could be smashingly dashingly good. But as an Indian, growing up with this stuff, id say it was average. The 4th star, though, is for the quantity. They give SO much food. You could eat it for like a meal and a half.
Delicious with a surprisingly good use of space and excellent service. Would definitely recommend.
Don't let the entrance deter you. Go ahead and go upstairs for a great value in Indian food. Good Indian food has complex flavors and many rich spices. This is not the top food I've ever tasted, but a 3 course meal for $17.95 of this quality, in midtown Manhattan!, is a bargain. Will go again when I need Indian food in this part of town.
Damn good food! Not as expensive as most places. The chicken vindaloo is fantastic. The lunch menu is the best deal in midtown. It's a personal preference but I love their choice of music they play over the sound system.
Just had the chicken tikka masala and corma(?). It is amazing...especially the garlic nam dipping with the masala...I've lost my words. The mango lassi here is also great. Those waiters are soooo nice. I basically love everything here! This place definitely worthes giving it a shot!
You wonder about the place when you see the staircase. Don't! You are greeted by a friendly staff, and quickly get the menu. Drink service is fast. The menu is small, but with all you need. Food service is also quick. I ordered Chicken vindaloo, and the waiter warned med that the dish was very spicy. The chicken was very tender, the sauce spicy and the rice perfect. Nan bread with garlic a little soft, but delicious. Ended the meal with a rice pudding. The Bengal Tiger comes strongly recomended. Good Indian cooking at an reasonable price. Go there. Do it! Do it!
Well, I really thought I would go to a great Indian restaurant after seeing all those great reviews, SORRY BUT NOT, service is great, atmosphere not so good, but let's talk about the food which is the most important, we tried chicken tikki masella, lamb curry, the vegetables and some other appetizers, if you ever tried good Indian food you will know the difference, the chicken masella was so dry, the food didn't have that flavor of the Indian cuisine, I got out of this rest so disappointed, sorry but I will not come back.
Anyone who gives this more than one star has NO idea what real Indian food tastes. Hint- It is not the bland tasteless stuff they serve here.Also, what kind of Indian restaurant does not have pickle. Another hint - One that sux
Great place to eat! Service is always attentive and the food is amazing. Small cozy atmosphere. Not good for a group of more than 4. Love this spot!
The food is tooooo sweet here!! The food taste good, but sugar does not need to be in everything. The curries were too sweet and the yogurt was loaded with sugar. Millions of people suffer from diabetes specially type 2, why put so much unnecessary agar? I would have loved the food here if it was less sweet. The service is great and very attentive.
Came here after moma. Great location, good atmosphere, great food. Had chicken saag and samosas. The spice amount was perfect in both the job spicy and the spicy dishes. The naan was obviously house made and really puffy and delish! I would come back for sure
This is definitely one of the best if not the best casual Indian food in New York and one of my favorites in the whole country.  The chicken tikka masala and samosas (classic, classic!) are out of this world.  And the selection (rosemary, cilantro, coconut) of exceptionally good naans is stunning.
Really lovely small place with lovely smiley people. The lunch deal is amazin, you get so much (good) food for 9$. I went there with my sister for lunch and we both loved it. They were having a little trouble with the kitchen and said that it will take 20 min to get our food ready,a dn it was fine. They gave us a free apetizer for the wait!
I went to Bengal Tiger while here in NYC on a business trip with a friend. The food here is excellent. The service is excellent. The price is excellent. We came here and got the Prix Fix Dinner for $14.95, which included an appetizer, entree, and dessert.I ordered the vegetable samosa for dinner, which was delicious, and plentiful for a single person. I than ordered the curry lamb (spicy) with basmati rice and an order of naan on the side. The curry lamb was delicious and I recommend the naan for dipping in the sauce. The entire entree was delicious, like lick the plate delicious. Finally, the dessert was Kheer, the only option, which was an indian styled rice pudding. It was rich, creamy and sweet. It had some chutneys in it and I enjoyed it very much.All together, the food price and service were all excellent and I definitely enjoyed the experience here.  Will visit again when I come to NYC.
After finishing up work in the city, my boyfriend and I were in the mood for some Indian food and decided to have dinner at this restaurant solely based on its Yelp reviews. It's easy to miss the entrance; the restaurant itself is on a second floor walk up. We came at a busy time, they estimated a 15 minute wait. Given the small space, patrons had to stand awkwardly in front of the registers.When we were seated we decided on a 3 course meal. The samosa was good but the pakora stole the show. It was delicious. The butter chicken and chicken tikka masala was a little mediocre. It didn't really have the kick I was looking for. (That may be my fault, I did ask that the platter be prepared not too spicy.) I was going to rate them 4 stars, but the staff was so courteous and attentive. Our waiter even gave us free mango lassi because of our slightly extended wait time. So if you're standing there, debating whether or not to wait the 15-20 minutes to be seated, I'd recommend staying. It's worth the wait.
Had dinner here. It was mine and my family's first time eating Indian food, and we loved it. I had the Tikka Masala, my husband had the lamb curry and my son had the lamb koorma. I yelped this restaurant before we decided to dine here, and I'm glad we did. The service was good, the food was yum and the price was pretty decent too. Will definitely eat here again next time I'm in NYC.
Went on vacation to NYC and was looking for somewhere to eat. Needless to say me and my family found Bengal Tiger. At first I wasn't really sure but once you enter the actual restaurant it becomes an amazing little joint. We order pikori, samosa, tika masala chicken, garlic naan, and saag paneer, and keer. Everything was amazing. Never have I had Indian food as good as this. The servers were super nice and the food came out pretty quick. If you visit NYC, you have to visit Bengal Tiger.
Great lunch deal that was satisfying and not a drain on the resources. I ordered online and it was ready for pick-up at the time it said it would be, which in itself is a huge deal. For $9, you have your choice of two entrees, rice and naan. I chose the chicken tikka masala and the paneer makhani. Both had very good flavor. If you want a large portion of one of the dishes, just order one main dish and get two servings. I'll be back to try the other options- looking forward to it. Thanks, Bengal Tiger- it was a delight.
Once a boy dreamed that he could be the best. He did not want to be the king. He did not to steal/bed the queen. He just dreamed to fill your glass. Your chai could be gone or just poured. He cared not. He poured more and poured on.Now this boy is a man, and he works HERE. Your glass will stay as full as his heart when he serves you. He'll serve you the big cat's good food:- the bread made us cry: naan naan naan naan naan naan naan!- hot or not, the sauce was where it was at.- raw greens? Go fly a kite. Put 'em in grease and fry 'em and I'll talk with the big cat all day.- rice was nice. Let's be real, how nice can steamed rice be?Don't kill this man's dream. Come. Let him fill your cup. A lot. It's the stuff of life. (We would let him care for our kid if we had one. But our kid would not grow up to be half the man this man is.)
Lunch special here is a great deal - $8.95 for two dishes, choice of rice, and naan. I had the chicken tikka masala and chana masala. I've had extremely good Indian food in London, but this chicken tikka was probably the best I've ever had. The right amount of flavorful and creamy! The chana masala was different from what I'm used to - a little less sauce and mostly chickpeas, but the flavor was also delicious. Options are extremely limited to the most popular Indian dishes, but they're very quick to serve! Chicken vindaloo is extremely spicy; be warned!
One of the best indian meals I have ever had.  Food has the density of richness and complexity that you expect from a homemade meal.  Portions are decent size, prices are just right and the service is wonderful.  I wouldn't change a single thing and look forward to bringing back family and friends to this little treasure.
I love Indian food and I was not disappointed! The food is delicious and authentic and the service is great. The ambiance for the restaurant is perfect for dates.
Great food, excellent service. We got the prefixe menu, lassis, and garlic naan. The lamb saag and chicken tikka masala were great, tab was only 36 for two of us with the extras. Highly recommend if you're in the area. Don't be discouraged by the weird entrance, it's well worth it.
It's tucked away in the second floor, and it's very simple once you are up there, but so tasty.  I highly recommend the Vindaloo and garlic Naan.  Good deal, nice service, friendly atmosphere.
Currently rated 4.5 stars on Yelp. I must be missing something. It's not as good as Ravi Shankar in London (four stars). And, it's certainly not as good as Rasika in DC (4.5 stars).  The mulligatawny was a combination of flat and over salted. The chicken tikka masala was dry and its sauce lacked complexity. The naan arrived halfway through my entree and came out cold (they comped the naan without my asking and apologized -- they knew what they did). The staff was friendly. I would return if I were in the area and felt like Indian, but I wouldn't cross town for it. It's just ok, warranting three stars.
Bengal Tiger is our gold standard Indian fare and serves as the metric by which we gauge all others. No one has yet to come close in comparison. The location appears underwhelming at first, but is actually quite quaint and adorable once inside.  If you can grab one of the street side window seats, you get a nice view and don't feel so cramped.  I can't imagine anyone not loving Bengal Tiger!  The naan is perfectly light and fluffy, the tikka masala is the most divine creation ever, the vindaloo doesn't swap flavor for spice.  For a midtown restaurant, Bengal Tiger is a bargain buy (two for dinner on less than $60)...and you won't find better Indian food. Our only complaint was a very large party (10) seated next to us that were completely rude and unruly-even by NYC standards.  As with most midtown spots, the interior is pretty tight and this is really not the place to entertain nine of your closest friends by trying to put 5 tiny tables together.  If you're in a group of four or less, or willing to separate your party into multiple tables, Bengal Tiger is such a find!
This place has amazing Indian food. Very friendly staff. Very accessible location. We had briyani rice and kofta curry. We really loved those items. Packing was really gud for togo orders and quantity was good for the amount spend on items.
I was floored when I had this meal - it's uncontestably the best non-vegetarian Indian/Pakistani cuisine I've had in Manhattan thus far. The restaurant is on the second floor and it has a cohesive design and decor. The staff was very friendly, knowledgable and provided impeccably attentive service. The food: The chicken vindaloo: when they say spicy, they are not joking. It is worth the pain. The chicken korma is dreamy delicious. The garlic naan and regular naan are divine. The mango lassi has just the right amount of tart and is not the usual overly-sweetened kind. We finished down to the last bite and scrape of gravy. I have been dreaming about this meal and am looking forward to going back.
It's a restaurant located in mid menhattan, yet surprisingly slow. Not crowded at all! The food is no doubt authentic and tasty. Ordered one vegetarian and lamb combo. Didn't really care for the vegi dishes, however the spicy lamp is amazing! Must order! The nan bread is good too FYI. Service good.
Stumbled upon this place hungry after traveling all day. Was immediately seated and met with amazing customer service. Food was fresh and perfectly seasoned. I didn't dine for long but in the time I was there, I'm pretty sure everyone on staff had checked in on me and made sure I was having a good experience. Definitely exceeded expectations!
After not so good meals at other Indian restaurants, I'm happy to have finally found Bengal Tiger! Their food was delicious! My boyfriend and I ordered from the three course prix fixe menu--it was such a deal. We both had the pea and potato vegetable samosa. You only get one samosa, but that's really all you need. It leaves you excited and ready for the main entree. We shared the Chicken Korma and Chicken Tikka Masala.he waiter asked if we wanted it regular or spicy, and we said spicy so I can only speak on that.  Both had such rich flavors and were spicy but nothing one couldn't handle. The waiters were very attentive both with the water and with their service. We took advantage of BYOB and brought wine. Without us even having to ask, they brought out wine glasses for us which was very nice. The only downside was that the place isn't very big, so a line can form very quickly. We got their around 6:30 and they had a few tables open so we didn't wait at all. Others who arrived after us, waited for a while though.
Picked it up on my way home from work...absolutely beyond satisfied! Delicious food, roti was hot, couldn't ask for anything better
PHENOMENAL. I wanted to ever stop eating. The tikka masala was superb, and the chutneys were the best I've ever had. And the gulab jamun  I will most certainly return. Naan was good, but I prefer the softer types. Great, attentive service.
Delicious food, fast and friendly service. Prompt water refills. The portions were generously sized and the prices were very reasonable. Best of all, when I asked for spicy, it actually came out spicy!
Fantastic place, great food, great service. Highly recommended. Only complaint is it's small and kind of cramped.
The three-course prix fix meal was great! I ordered the vegetarian samosa, tikka masala (kind of like a home-made, mild tomato sauce) and the rice pudding as dessert. The food was very fulfilling, and we just had to pack the leftovers 'cause it was too delicious!
Ordered Baigan Bharata (eggplant) and Chana Masala (chick peas) medium spicey and it was  incredibly delicious!! Perfect level of spicyness, extremely flavorful!! We eat Indian food all the time and this place is definitely one of THE BEST in the city if not in the world!!!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
This place is a hidden gem! I've had it on my to do list for a while but it's midtown location always made me wary of tourists. We went for dinner on a Saturday night and were surprised to see that it wasn't overcrowded. The food was amazing, we even took home leftovers. I had the chicken vindaloo and it lived up to its spicy nature but, didn't lose it's flavor in all the heat. The BYOB only adds to this restaurants appeal and the second floor location makes you feel like you're a world away from the tourist filled Benihana across the street.
Wanted Indian food that was close to our hotel, and this place hit the spot. Chicken Vindaloo was fantastic, heavy on the cumin and spicy, but we also ordered raita to help cool it down and really enjoyed it. The naan was very good as well, not to thick or crispy, and my husband liked his lamb vindaloo as well. Very friendly and accommodating service, waiters checked on us multiple times, definitely would recommend!
Food was good, sorta pricey but definitely worth it. Service was good as well. The venue is tinier than as expected but it has a peaceful atmosphere.
Surprisingly good for the area! This beats a lot of Indian places on E 6th Street. Everything was fresh and delicious. Paneer makhani was great. Coconut and garlic naans were both great.Staff was friendly and quick once we were seated, but they were very deceptive about the wait time prior to that. We waited over an hour for a table, having been told "30 min," and then "15 min" etc.
I went here for lunch with my best friend who was visiting from out of town. It was later in the day so maybe the issue was that the food was not as fresh but neither of us was not impressed. The plain naan wasn't disgusting, but it was also not good. It wasn't fluffy and was not fresh. The chicken tikka masala was dry (maybe because we came towards the end of lunch). The sauce was decent. The paneer saag was good, not amazing. It had a little spice to it which i was not expecting but it was nice. My fruend got two different items (one chicken and one veggies). The something aloo i forget what its called but it tends to have lots of potatoes and this was all cauliflower. And the cauliflower were in huge pieces and not in bite sized florets. Tldr lunch was a great deal in terms of price for indian food, but the food is just decent at best. Not a place I would insist others try.
i ordered take out from here. Probably the worst indian food ever!! The malai kofta was undercooked and gravy was very thick. They probably used a lot of cashews to make a paste and did not maintain the proportions of spices as a result it was very bland. the kofta balls did not soak the gravy and very inedible. I could barely eat 3 spoons and i ended up discarding the whole thing. the only life saver was the side of dal i ordered. That is all i ate for dinner
So glad this place after living in NYC for pat 2 years.  Best Indian food in NYC by far.
This place has delicious food and the price-fix menu is absolutely perfect for two. Yummy, well-portioned mango lassi. My only complaint is that the chicken was a tad too dry in our korma dish. Otherwise, fantastic service and I love the interior decor with a large window overlooking the street.
Awesome authentic Indian food. Ate here Saturday night at 8pm. No wait to get in. Staff very friendly.
Food was delicious! Minus one star for tight space and no AC.
If you know Indian food, then this is among the most mediocre food that I have tasted. Not sure why people give it such a high rating. This would probably be the last place I would eat at. Food was bland, felt like I ate a ton after only eating 2 pieces of Garlic Naan and some chicken. I would not recommend this place.The 1 star is because the staff was very friendly and polite.
Amazing food, nice and accommodating staff. Long wait but it was well worth it! I'll be back :)
Whenever I am in NYC, I sneak over here to eat my lunch by myself. A guilty pleasure. The food is fabulous. The price is right. I get my fix of Indian food. I just love it. I prefer lunch to dinner because the atmosphere changes so much in the evening.  Still very good if you want to go out for Indian with friends - but I am mainly looking for a place where the Indian food is delicious, quick, convenient, and where I can eat alone without looking strange. And I get that from the Bengal Tiger at lunch.
This place is awesome!We came to NYC for a week and found this place by accident, and what a pleasurable surprise it was. The meanie isn't huge, with about a dozen entrees and some side dishes it's shorter than most but the food was excellent, service was fast and prompt and the place is clean, cozy and intimate. We tried the chicken curry, Chicken Tika Masala, the Tandoori Chicken Tika and Aloo Gobi Matar entrees along with Pakora and the Vegetable Samosa and all of them where excellent. The dish portions were big but not to big. Definitely a place to visit if you crave some affordable Indian food
A real value to be had here with the 3 course prix fix.  This isn't the best Indian food in town, but can't really complain at this price point.  Seating is limited and it's BYOB, so plan accordingly.
Midtown West lacks a great list of inexpensive take-out lunch places, but if you are looking for a place to order delivery or get take out, this is one of your better options in the area. Pretty decent Indian food with a great lunch special.  During lunch time order the Lunchbox ($8.25) which comes with 2 dishes, rice, and a side of naan.  I can never eat the whole lunchbox and always end up with leftovers.
So amazing. Do yourself a favor, and grab yourself some of the best Indian around. Even my East London husband approves.
Don't let the sketchy stairway entrance scare you off.  Dinner was delicious. The lentil soup is a great appetizer -- very flavorful. Bhaingan bharta (eggplant dish) tasted fresh and the texture was just right. Spicy really means spicy here.  Worth the wait.
By far the best Indian food I have ever tasted! Really small cute place with great service and great prices!
The food is delicious and the prices are less than most Indian restaurants. It's a casual place to eat and the best part is that it's BYOB! My experience dining here and delivery were very different. At the restaurant, service was on point and the waiter was very attentive even after we paid. However, arranging for delivery wasn't as seamless. The person who took my order said that they could deliver to my address and charged my card, No problem. About half an hr later, I get a call asking for how spicy I wanted the dish. Then he calls back again a little afterwards to confirm the date of delivery. About an hour later, I get another call from a different person this time and he explains that they don't usually deliver to my address and that there will be an extra charge. He also mentioned that he would have to deliver half an hour earlier than I requested. I knew this would be an inconvenience because of my work hours and we finally compromised on fifteen minutes earlier than I requested. But on the day of the delivery, I get a call from a confused delivery man, asking where I was and that he was already at the apt... Fifteen min earlier than agreed. I had to repeatedly explain that he would have to wait and that I was on my way. Clearly communication is not their strong suit when it comes to deliveries. But I have to say, the food is always great whether dining in or out. I will be back for more.
Occasion: Weekend Take-out dinner(A) Food (4.5 out of 5)We ordered one three course dinner, chose 1)  Vegetable Samosa (crispy, warm, great with sauce! So happy with the portion - great for two people), 2) chicken tikka masala (love creamy, rich sauce with spice, but chicken was a little bit dry), 3) Rasmalai (very very sweet but great after spice-ful Indian food, what a great way to finish dinner!). (B) Ambience (4.0 out of 5):Although we didn't eat there, when we went there to order take-out, we saw a lot of families. The place was definitely clean, and spacious (though the steps to the restaurant on the 2nd floor or the building looks a little old/dirty).(C) Service (4.5 out of 5):The waiter was nice and super-understanding (most importantly, we were able to use the promotion via Yelp - 10% off without any restrictions!)(D) Value (4 out of 5):Great portion (we order one person meal but both enjoyed it for one meal and a snack the following day), taste, ambience (for a group or take-out/quick eats) for a reasonable price!!
Great Indian food and their lunch specials are ample portions! Would definitely go back!
As the Indian place closest to my office, i visit there often. The price is right (in fact on the cheap side considering the location), and the take out meal options are great.Couple of downsides are that, unlike the name, the place is not a Bengali food joint, and that they never change the takeout menu. I really like variety and wish they rotated their menu a bit.That being said, the food is very tasty and authentic in their recipe. There is a marked difference in taste and spice level in the dishes and any Indian would definitely enjoy eating here. I would definitely say this place is worth at least 4 out of 5 stars. Once point i took out cause of the 2 downsides i mentioned. The seating, though not good, is appropriate for a joint like this.
Bengal Tiger  is an amazing restaurant in Mid-town Manhatton. The quality of food is very good. I went this restaturant  with my 4 friends,  We have ordered   different Items Chicken Vindalu, Chicken Tika Masala, Lamb curry, Chicken korma etc., Food was delicious  among them Chicken Tika Masala was outstanding. Never disappoints. Good place to sit down, good decoration, peaceful music, Service is excellent, guys are alert about customer service. Prices are very reasonable.  Overall I care about quality food & service -- and this one always hits the right place.
Excellent, somosa and papadoms. I ordered the chicken saag, very tasty. The 3 course deal is good for $17, it includes desert, delicious kheer. YUMMY. Don't let the entrance fool you, the flight of stairs wasn't too bad. Once I got in the restaurant we were comfortable. I will go there again.
This part of town is tricky to find quick sit-down/take-out eats for lunch that are reasonably-priced (think Chipotle-range) and also don't taste as bland as a sawdust sandwich which is why I rate it highly.In the month of frequenting the place for lunch for sit-down, takeout and Seamless every dish has been really tasty and their service is friendly too. I stick with the consistent oldies of Saag Paneer and Chana Masala but they do a decent job with their chicken too. It's up a flight of stairs too so beware.
The food is unbelievable .. the stuff were very nice. We were 11 people and they served us very well. Highly recommend!!!
I don't think you can beat this lunch special.  Anything off lunch special can be a little pricey,  and if you get there too late,  you miss lunch prices but the food tastes the same just coats a lot more. All said and done,  I go there frequently
#yummytomytummy!!For the past 8 months of living in NYC, I've been searching all over midtown for a legit Indian restaurant in midtown and I can finally say I've found **THE** one. I've tried 5 or 6 different saags at various Indian restaurants in the city and this place has the best one! The spinach isn't cooked down like other places, and the flavor was on point with just the right amount of spice. Also, the garlic naan had a great texture (not over cooked or burnt) and the samosas were delicious. I'm so happy they left a menu at my door. Note: they deliver to HK even though seemless says they're out of range.
Good food, great value. Full meal for under 10 bucks in nyc is hard to come by. I went with the Tikka Masala and neither disappointed.
This is a good restaurant. The prices are good too. I usually avoid Indian since my stomach can be sensitive to it. I had the paneer makhani and the chicken korma and guess what? it was delicious and my stomach was fine. The spiciness on these dishes was very gentle and they were still very tasty.
My husband and I went here last night for the prix fixe dinner ($17.95, 3 courses). We ordered the pakora (delish!) and lamp spring roll (decent, but would not order again) to start. I got the chicken tikka masala for my entree- the sauce was really flavorful but the chicken wasn't super moist like other places I've been. My husband got the chicken curry which was only OK. We sprung for an order of naan (not included in the prix fixe), which was fresh, warm and delicious. They give you rice pudding for dessert. I would say the food here isn't the greatest Indian in the city, but it's a great choice in the neighborhood and it's BYOB, which always makes it a go-to in my book.
Bad experience. Chicken vindaloo was tasteless. Only spice and nothing else. I won't recommend
We waited for 45.mins to be seated. But the food was amazing. One of the best Biryani I have had so far. Will recommend this place if you are looking for some good Indian fix in NYC.
Small space and easy to miss but worth the find. If not for the great Yelp reviews I may have been reluctant to try but I am so happy I did. 3 course dinner offering for $17.95. There were plenty of vegetarian options. I started with Vegetable samosa. It was presented on delicious mint chutney and the outer texture was nicely crisped with good flavor and light heat on the inside. Dinner entree was Chana Saag (chickpeas and spinach). I also ordered whole wheat Naan (not included in prixe menu) to sop up the entree - a worthwhile indulgence!Staff is very attentive. My water glass was never empty and the water was ice cold. The only reason it is not 5 starts is because there is no alcohol. Would have loved a cold beer with my meal. Ended with a cup of chai instead. A lovely end to a great meal.
Stopped by here for a quick lunch with a coworker.  Funny thing was I had seen Bengal Tiger as one of the higher rated affordable food places in midtown and was meaning to try it at some point, but my coworker being a secret foodie had his mind already set on grabbing lunch here.I believe Bengal Tiger met expectations.  I went with the lamb curry and chicken tikka masala. Indian food can at times be unpleasantly heavy. I found this to be almost the perfect amount of food for a lunch and the food had a lightness to it that made for a pleasant eating experience.The chicken tikka masala was flavorful and light and the lamb curry had a subtle sweetness that paired well with the lamb.Overall, an enjoyable lunch.
Great Indian food. The chicken masala was excellent. The chicken vindaloo was super spicy and tasty. Great appetizers. The rice dessert was also tasty. Extremely reasonable prices $18.95 for a 3 course meal.
Really good Indian food, Chicken Vindaloo was nice and spicy and the Garlic Naan was nice and crispy! Two thumbs up!
Real good food, even better service, staff is attentive and friendly and go out of their way to make sure you are comfortable.
Amazing find.  Highly recommend.  Food:  Perfection.  Fresh and flavorful.  Amazing combination of flavors in every dish.Service:  Excellent.  (You'll never find yourself looking for someone to refill your water because someone will refresh it for you constantly)Location:  Hidden in a second floor walkup.  Atmosphere:  Warm, inviting, cozy.Things to Know:  Bring Your Own Wine (They don't serve alcohol, but you can bring your own bottle of wine.  There's a liquor store just down the block.)
I'm fairly picky with Indian food, especially in NYC where there are hundreds of places probably popping up as of now. I was pleasantly surprised at how great everything we ordered tasted. The Tandoori Chicken Tikka is definitely a favorite of mine. Even their mango lassi was great which is hard to come by now a days at Indian restaurants. Food came out fairly fast and hot. Their spicy isn't too bad, so ask for extra spicy if you really like spicy Indian food. Otherwise it's just a tad more than just a mild. A place worth going to again.
Generous portions, they actually made the food spicy after I requested it, and unlike other places I've been - the sauce isn't sweet! It feels (texture wise) and tastes like there's actual masala. I've eaten Indian food my entire life, and I think it is as good as restaurant indian gets. I live way uptown but I think I'll head back down just for this.
We came based on the reviews.  It was good and reasonable for NYC.  The garlic Naan was good and I had the chicken saag  which was tasty as well.  Feeling something is missing to make it really good.  Just can't put my finger on it.
Good authentic indian food, the place got really busy after work hours on a friday, probably because of its location!
Bengal Tiger Indian Cuisine is one if the best restaurants that I have ever eaten at!!!We had to wait for 1 hour to get a table for 2 on a busy Friday evening.  We decided to wait and it was soooo worth it!!!The Daal, Samosa, Saag Paneer, garlic naan and Kheer were superb and really worked well together.  The dishes were well balanced and spiced to perfection.  Service was friendly and attentive.  Thanks to the gods for sending this divine gift.  Bengal Tiger indian cuisine is great!!!
Perfect is the word! If you love Indian cuisine, this is the place to go. Remarkable service and great food. No hesitation possible in this area.
I'm a fan of their tikka misala.. oh wells..don't really know any other indian dishes. Nice environment and good price!
Our food was great! Fantastic restaurant, fantstic athmosphere, fantastic food, and fantastic service! Love this place!
I would eat here again because it was quick and reasonably priced, but the food was nothing spectacular.  Their naan is not the greatest and neither is their saag paneer.
This little restaurant was busy on a Saturday night, and for good reason. The service is quick and everyone who works there wants to make your experience as nice as possible. Despite the long wait, the food was delicious, and I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to try an Indian food place near Central Park.
Excellent tikka masala and bread. Went there twice in a week. It gets really busy after 7:30p, be prepared to wait 20min or more.
Delicious and Authentic Indian food in the heart of NYC at a decent price and BYOB?! What more is there to say other than this place is fantastic. (Warning the spicy curry really is spicy! For all you daredevils it is a must try)
Bengal is a very easy to miss second floor Indian restaurant in midtown. The small dining room fills up quick and there are no reservations so keep that in mind if you're coming during a busy time. They are BYOB with no corking fee so that may explain the inflated rating here. Prices are extremely reasonable, $18 gets you an appetizer, entree, and dessert. They also have a great looking lunch special for $9 that is sure to leave you stuffed. The selection is fairly limited but definitely has something for every one. The samosa was one of the best I've ever had, it was big with plenty of seasoning and fried perfectly without being greasy. The chicken in the chicken curry I had was overcooked and the sauce was average. My girlfriend's chicken in her chicken tikka masala was cooked perfectly, definitely leaving me with order envy. We also ordered both garlic and onion naan. Both were good but not the best I've had. For dessert our prixe fixe came with a small bowl of cashew rice pudding. It could have used a little vanilla and/or cinnamon but was definitely delicious none the less. I would definitely consider coming back here, especially with their BYOB policy but my expectations the second time around would be lower then they were this time.
Lunch takeout review, and a solid 4 stars.Ordered via Seamless, was told it would be 20 minutes, received a cordial phone call from Bengal Tiger letting me know my order was ready 20 minutes later.Lunch special ($8.26) w/lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka, rice and naan: no surprises and a good deal for the price. Straight ahead, tasty versions of these dishes, with decent heat on the vindaloo. Rice and naan both A-OK, nothing especially noteworthy about either.Vegetable samosa ($4.00): HEAVY. Two of them in an ever-more-grease-saturated paper bag that must have weighed half a pound. Outside was very much like pie crust, thicker than expected but delicious. Inside, very little seasoning, a big mass of mashed up potato and a few peas, it seemed. Came with creamy green cilantro sauce and chutney (on the side, in little containers).Especially for the lunch special, a good value for solid Indian food and the staff is very nice. Cheap, tasty and reliable in midtown means return business from me, and I'll be visiting Bengal Tiger again.
4.5 stars for the lunch special (Lunch Pack). $9 for a nice big plate of food, ready in no time at all. You get rice and naan, plus your choice of two proteins or vegetarian options. I opted for the basmati rice with Tikki Masala Chicken and Curry Chicken. All were hot, fresh, and very tasty. Service was good.Only downside I can think of is that it's small, with little seating. Restaurant is upstairs on the second floor.Would not hesitate to come back here.
Vegetable Korma= YUM. Loved sitting by the window, wonderful service.
Great food. Terrible service.I got curry chicken over bone for the main dish. It's got all the right herbs and spices. That earns a 4. The coconut naan was impressive. It's kinda like a deep dish for naan - thicker than usual with warm sweet coconut filled. I would come back just for the naan. Worth a 5.Their service here is unarguably terrible. My friend sitting across me is the nicest person and even he was pissed. It was a sunday evening so maybe that did it. But our waiters were constantly giving us weird looks whenever we asked questions. I felt like an idiot sitting there. One other thing is they probably add cilantro to everything they serve here. Great for me, heads up for others.
By far the best Indian food I've ever had. Light, flavorful and delicious ! Definitely a hidden gem in the city
Very good Indian food, I Ordered the chicken vindaloo very spicy and it did not disappoint.  The wife and kids ordered the chicken tikka masala which was also very good.  We ordered the garlic and cilantro naan, cilantro was the popular one.
What a gem.. Stumbled upon this hiddenGem in  the heart of Manhattan.Savory Indian flavors at a reasonable price.A must try!!!!
Wow!!!! Little gem in midtown. Service was fast and great.  The food (chicken Tikka, Lamb Korma and the saag paneer) was really tasty and very cheap.
At first I was hesitant to go to this place but I am so happy I did, the food was absolutely delicious and the service was awesome. I would've given it 10 stars if I could
Loved every spoonful from this tiny place. I came with 4 friends and we each ordered an entree and shared everything. Can't say I had a favorite, because they were all good--
Had the Lamb Saag and it was incredibly tender and delicious. The garlic naan has a healthy amount of visible garlic on top and perfectly crisp and tender. A little tight for space in here, but the food is too good to pass up.
Fantastic! This is precisely the kind of gem amongst a million hole-in-ones that Yelpers help uncover. Here's my experience with this place.- Excellent, excellent food. It was absolutely delicious, and slightly "innovative" dishes--minced lamb spring rolls--are memorable and delicious.- Service is very good; occasionally they are a bit overwhelmed due to the small-scale nature of their operations. However, they are consistently kind and service-oriented.- Pricing is great.In summary, you should stop reading this review and go over and enjoy some delicious Indian food in midtown right now!
I was having a raging crave for chicken tikka masala all day, and then casually happened upon the raving reviews for Bengal Tiger on yelp. Everyone was so right! The food was so yum!!! It exceeded all my chicken tikka masala fantasies!! but more importantly, the packaging was on point - no mess at all! Even with the food packed to the brim! They are definitely not stingy with their portions! The utensils are also sturdy and reliable, I mean seriously. These people care! And lastly, the icing on the top - the delivery man was so pleasant and sweet!! All the other people waiting in the delivery room were totally jealous!! Overall, I feel cared for and loved! Thank you Bengal Tiger and Thank you people of yelp! *wipes away tears*
This place opened not too long ago but already is packed with loyal customers because the quality of food and prices are unbeatable! For lunch I had their combo, which I remembered was under $10, and had a meat dish and veggie dish with naan bread. The naan was soft and chewy and the cauliflower dish was so flavorful! But the chicken tikka masala lacked flavor. The chicken also was overcooked with a weird grainy texture. To wash all this down, I had the Mango Lassi which is AMAZING. You definitely don't want to miss out on this delicious mango smoothie here.
Ok, I really really REALLY wish this place was back home. Seriously. I know there are already a billion happy yelp reviews on this place, but I know my Indian food, and this is good stuff. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Goat Korma, and Samosa for delivery to our hotel room. We got complimentary kheer, which was great. The ONLY thing I would say wasn't the best was the raita... the raita was actually kind of gross and mayonais-ey (sweet and thick?), but not enough to knock off a star. Overall, yay!
Amazing food, amazing people, great ambience! Its the perfect friendly neighborhood indian restaurant. We just love the food, the butter chicken or chicken makhani stands out alongwith the samosa! The pre fix dinner is a steal with 3 courses for $17. But more than the food, its the service that delights us everytime. We end up here atleast 2 times a month so by now the servers know us by name and what we like to eat! Which is always a good thing. One of the few places in NYC where we tip not because we have to but because we really want to! Kudos to the team working here, we will certainly keep coming back.
This was my third time coming back and was indeed delightfully surprised. The aloo gobi matar is outstanding and so is the chicken tikka masala. Best Indian food in midtown. A gem hidden away.!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very good food!  The waiter warned the the chicken vindaloo would be very hot and that it only came that way! But was a busy Saturday evening and I said ok and ordered it with garlic naan. Yes! So very spicy!  More thank I am used to but that's fine.  The taste was amazing especially worth the perfectly done naan.  I will go back by might do something less spicy next time.  The pieces of chicken were nice quality and wonderful.
Eat at the tiger! It is delicious! And very friendly service. BYOB for now, so stop at the market when en route.
Very clean and well decorated. Great prices.  Ordered the pre fixed lunch and had an appetizer of fritters with a delicious dipping sauce, a main dish of chicken curry, and desert all for $18. Also added some coconut and cilantro Nan which was delicious.  My coworker had the lamb vindaloo which had a great heat without being too spicy.  I would definitely recommend this place for a great meal and a fantastic price.
Great indian food! Found it by chance, it is pretty hidden upstairs on a side street, but definitely worth it!
I've walked by this place a few times, but decided to be adventurous when my OH came to meet me for lunch. It's a nice space, with a fair amount of seating to have lunch. We both got their lunch pack- two entrees, rice, and naan for $8.26. I tried their curry chicken and aloo gobi matar (stir-fried cauliflower, potatoes, and peas). They both were okay, but the naan was perfect. My OH got the tikki masala chicken and vindaloo lamb, and his choices were spot on. The flavoring was nice, and the lamb had a great kick to it.It is really quick- fast food style. So this is a nice, affordable place to go for lunch.
The price to value here is very good. I had the $8.95 Lunch special and chose the brown rice (I know, travesty) Saag Paneer, Chicken Vindaloo combo. It came with a piece of naan which definitely has a bit of a half life, like all good naan. The vindaloo had nice heat and a good melange of spice, the chicken a tad dry. The saag was more on the lighter side of preparation in texture, but had nice flavor. Overall a good choice if you are jonesing for Indian food in this ethnically impoverished food area, and no Chipotle doesn't count. Best cheap lunch so far.
Food was really great and the service was awesome.  My only criticism is that it's small and gets crowded quick!  Since they don't take reservations, get there by 5:30!  No alcohol and not handicap accessible.
This place is a hidden treasure. Went for an early dinner before a theatre performance and had the $13.95 pre-fixe dinner. It's a no-frills walk-up restaurant that is clean and serves down-to-earth food. Ordered: Appetizer: Samosa (Vegetarian- potatoes/peas in a triangle). Entree: Chicken saag (all white meat, very moist, and nice spinach sauce).Dessert: Kheer (Rice pudding. Not too sweet and not too milky/soupy -- aka just the way I like it). Drink: Mango lassi (refreshing, fruity, and not too sweet). Very attentive wait staff who kept refilling water glasses and checked to make sure everything was good. Enjoyed the 10% discount on the bill after checking in on Yelp. Overall, will be back.
Very nice place although its very small but the food was good.. Also, the food portions were small too!We had chicken tikka masala, pakora, lamp korma, and chicken biryani. Very well made food!
I've been here twice, on the reccommendation of Yelper's (Thanks!), and it's our new favorite Indian place.  The menu is very basic.  They're not doing anything fancy here, but they are doing it very well.  My dining companion has been to India and agrees that the quality is among the best she/we have ever had.  Everything we've eaten has been good, but we've especially enjoyed the Samosa and the Saag and Korma dishes.  It's absolutely worth climbing the stairs for.
This is by far the best Indian Food I've had in NYC. It came highly recommended and with good reason.From the second you walk in, the wait staff are super attentive, polite, and make it very easy to order. We went the simple route with Vegetable Samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Vegetable Korma. They were exactly as described with just the right amount of spice, flavor, and texture. The portion size was PERFECT, and left me comfortably satisfied, but not grossly full.The only issue I had was the Nan being a bit too crispy, but that is just me being super picky.  Our water glasses were never empty, and the atmosphere was super inviting, casual, and cozy.This place is also BYOB, which is always fun.The stairwell up is a little shady, but such is Manhattan. Don't let that deter you from this hidden gem. I would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone looking to branch out from the overpriced mediocre food in this area. Bengal Tiger is a new favorite, that's for damn sure.
Best new restaurant find this past month! I love Indian food and I love that this place is small and the menu is simple yet extremely satisfying. We ordered the chicken makhani, lamb vindaloo, coriander naan and and shared a mango lassi. Just perfect for two hungry individuals. On top of that, service was friendly and not pushy at all. It costed us $20 per person for dinner itself. Not bad!
I have loved Indian food for a long time and this is the best place I have been to! If you like spicy be careful when ordering the Vindaloo! When they say spicy they mean it! It was great to get a real hot and spicy dish and the lamb was delicious!
Because of Yep reviews, I came here with a companion and we enjoyed a lovely meal of chana saag and lamb curry and raas malai. The service was great, too. The place is small and crowded, and very noisy (just convo, not music), but the food and service made it worth it.
Best Indian restaurant around this area. Chicken Tikka Marsala is good, not watered down like some places.
I'm still freakin' loving their food. For real, I get it on average once a week. Also, their delivery has literally almost never taken more than 30 minutes. I think a few times it took almost 45, but they're pretty quick. Also, to give some reference, they're on 56th St and 6th Ave and I'm near 50th and 8th.
Really enjoyed the food. Started with a vegetable Somoza. It was fresh, flaky and tasty. Next, chicken Korma. The spices we're done just right. Nothing was overpowering. The garlic Nan was amazing. Highly recommended. I'll be back.
The food is quality and they have a good selection of vegetarian options. The space inside is also neat, places to sit and enjoy the view from above the road.They have a pretty good sized lunch special for under $10. The menu for it is at the registers and is different from their full sized plates. I'm not sure why they're trying to hide it because it's not hanging on the wall with the rest of the menus.
thanks to Yelp too, for getting me to this wonderful place. I had the yellow lentil soup, the lamb curry, which they thought would be much too spicy for me but was perfect, and the dessert - which was small and delicious but still pushed me over the edge. Maybe it was because I have not been eating meat lately. But now I think I can give it up for awhile, and just remember this!
The food quality has room to improve. The temperature in seating area is quite high. Please don't order garlic naan. Too much of uncooked garlic:(.Saag paneer was slightly bitter and the pakodas were oily. The green chutney was well done.
First off the service was great and the food is very tasty. . My wife and I went the other night for dinner. We both have severe nut allergies, we found that there are only a few nut free things on the menu and they cannot change many things on the menu to make them without nuts. Thus  nut free choices are very limited. That said the servers and management were great and tried very hard to make something work. When the thing my wife wanted could not be made nut free they offered alternatives that were, while not what she was originally wanting, none the less delicious.  They are good in my book.
Small but nice environment.  Good and well priced food. Nice service. Really enjoyed it.  Great cost/benefit.
The food here was amazingly tasty.  My DH had the curry chicken and garlic naan, with a a mango yogurt drink.  I had the prixe fix for $18.95 which included a lamb spring roll, with a lamb korum, basmati rice, cilantro naan and rice pudding.  The service was superb, our waier helped us out as we were novice indian cuisine diners. He made perfect recommendations for our meal.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it lacked ambience, they don't sell alcohol, and this app wont allow me to give it 5 1/2 stars. The place is on the second floor of a dingy walk up tenement, and if you sit on the window side you will sit on a wooden box like bench seat. It would be nice to have some cushions on those. No matter, I didn't really come for the ambience or drinks anyway, I  came for great food.  I  was not disappointed. I will definitely dine here again and I live 50 minutes away.  Bengal Tiger good job!
This is a nice basic Indian restaurant in a second-floor space in downtown Manhattan. I got the lamb vindaloo, chicken korma, naan, tea, and honey buns. All were great. My wife and I had a nice time, and I would certainly come back again. All around, it was a great experience. Be careful with the vindaloo. It's spicy.
Had them deliver to our hotel .AMAZING food .Had the house curry ,when of the best I have ever had .I would highly recommend them.
Good food! Hole in the wall is hard to find but absolutely worth the search. Service was good, food was awesome!! Only boo is no lunch menu on Sat, but food was so good we didn't care. Had lamb korma, chicken curry and garlic naan. Yummmmm!
Inexpensive, BYOB & amazing food! I get the tandoori chicken tikka and it's so good. The garlic naan is also very good.
I picked up lunch from here yesterday and was very pleased.  I like Indian food but I'm not an expert...I usually get mine from food trucks and Trader Joe's.  I went after hearing about this place on Midtown Lunch.  I ordered the lunch pack to-go which came in a sturdy 3 compartment container and it all took less than 5 minutes.  I had basmati rice (fine...how can you go wrong with rice?), chicken tikka masala (my go-to) and allo gobi matar (veggies).  The vegetables weren't my favorite, pretty flavorless.  The chicken was excellent, decent sized pieces, not tough and just the right amount of spice.  The meal pack also came with a generous amount of buttered naan bread.  When I reheat naan at home I toast it so I usually prefer it a bit crispier but I don't know if crispy could hold up before I get back to my desk to eat anyway.  I also had a mango lassi to drink.  I specifically asked if they were made that day and the nice lady behind the counter said they were made every few hours.  All in all, I was stuffed and still had enough left over for lunch today.  For $12, I will definitely be going back and trying what else they have to offer.
Good place for lunch. They have a special for 9 dollars you choose 2 dishes vegeterian or non vegeterian with basmati Rice or Brown Rice and naan bread. It is usually good and be sure you ll be full with this meal!
I only ordered the lunch menu 3 times for delivery. Every time I called I got the same guy, he was so rude and unprofessional. The food and price are great, but their consumer service is bad.
Pleasant Surprise from a second floor, paper plate eatery.  We went here based on Yelp reviews and we're a little hesitant based on tiny entrance and stairway. Very pleasant help, polite and friendly. Food portions at lunch were large, served hot (temperature) and very tasty. Naan bread and a variety of rices included. Meat or Vegetarian for $8.95 per person was very filling. I'd rather eat here than McDonald's. And the view from the second floor was entertaining.
Another BYOB gem! Not sure how I missed this Indian restaurant especially since it's on the west side. But it really is pretty good as the rest of the comments and the ratings suggest. Usually I get disappointed with the samosas at most places but it is pretty good here. Wife ordered the goat biryani and she loved it. I ordered saag paneer and it was good too. If you can handle the spice, ask for the biryani to be spicy as much as 8-9 level to have the kick. The medium spicy saag paneer was pretty good for me. I personally wouldn't go anymore spicy than that. It's a tiny restaurant so the wait could be longer depending on the time and the day you go. Can't wait to come back and try other things!
Great food and really friendly staff. I work across the street and it was sad to see Raga close a year of so back. That was my go-to indian (because it was close.) This place opened this week and was offering some samples on the street. Well the samples worked! WE went yesterday and had some take out lunch boxes. They were so good, we went again today! The food is well prepared and has great complexity to it. The Korma is delicious and has a bit of a kick, just as it should. The Korma is great and so was the Tikka. WE also had some Saag Paneer that was some of the best I have had. Oh, and don't forget the side of Pakira!!!!Give this place a shot. I know they are new but if they can keep the quality as good as it is for the long run, we have a winner!!! The only downside is the wait, they are attempting to do counter service Indian, you may be better off calling in the order at lunchtime.
What a gem! Great food, quick, friendly service. I had the Lamb Vindaloo and Palaak. Great flavors and complementary coriander chutney. Glad we came early because by 12:15 seating was full!
This is really rare to find in NY; excellent food, delicious and relatively cheap! Try the chicken tika masala and the pakora! Amazing!
I visit NY for business a few times a year. I hope this place stays around! Intimate. Chic. Service was great. Food was good. Restaurant was clean. Price was beyond fair. (I would even say they are under pricing themselves.) I will definitely return.
Fantastic Indian offering close to Columbus circle. It's up a small flight of stairs and has seatting for about 35-40-ish. Naan bread was the best I have ever had. Staff was attentive but not overbearing. Highly recommend.
Outstanding food.  The three course meal was delicious.  When they say something is spicy, they aren't kidding.  Some of the most tender lamb Vindaloo I have ever had.  Service was efficient, courteous and very friendly.I'd be back in a heartbeat.
This is the best Indian food I have ever had. The spicy food is actually really spicy, the naan is perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the portion size is generous.The staff is super kind and friendly and I recommend this place to anyone and everyone.
one of my girlfriend was craving indian food and we found this restaurant in yelp. i have to say i have been to many many indian restaurant and this is the best indian food i have had tasted! we ordered chana saag, chicken tikka masala and spicy chicken vindaloo. my favorite was chana saag(spinach) & spicy chicken vindaloo. soo good! i also checked in for the free bread haha we doesn't like free stuff right? lol i would highly recommend this place!! waiters are friendly and food was delicious- you can't go wrong with those! btw, it's also BYOB!
We visited Bengal Tiger for dinner with high hopes and everyone in our party returned with a negative review.The restaurant is small with about 10-12 tables only. If you have kids, you'd be lucky to get a high chair because they only have 1 high chair and it might be already in use (as was the case when we visited).We ordered from the prix fix menu.The samosa were hot and the chutney was great. The Mulligatawny roll was pretty good too.The entrees were bland all around the table (chicken, and veg) and the spice level was horribly low, one wonders if it is an Indian restaurant!The service was slow and not what had we expected
Very nice staff - stopped in yesterday to grab a lunch box to go. Finally about to have the best Indian food in NYC per Yelp!The to go service was quick and with a smile - I got channa and aloo mattar with rice and naan.First off - this is very "Americanized" Indian food. Both curries had nice spice range but were way too creamy. I agree with another reviewer- the cauliflower in my second dish was raw so I couldn't eat it. The plain naan was average.Nice place for standard Indian takeout- but not worthy of the 5 star reviews. Desi Deli and Doaba Deli are far better off hole in the walls.
Wow! We love our Indian food and spending a week here in NYC, we tried this place, up a well used staircase into a tiny restaurant. Do not be put-off by first impressions!! The service is excellent and OMG the food is some of the best Indian we have ever had. They say the vindaloo is very spicy, it has some heat after a few glorious heaping naan bites, it kinda builds on you as it should. The samosa's and spinach fritters we soooo good. Oh, no alcohol but you do not need it here. Go drinking after!!!!
Great food, ok service. They are pretty vegetarian friendly. The environment is pretty cute too. However, Me and my friend had bad stomach that night after dinner and the next morning. I'm not sure if it was the food or what...?
Really really good - service food were excellent Lamb vindaloo spicy and good - appetizers were great -free nan with yelp check in - bOY bottle worked well - would come back :) thanks
Second time I've been here this week! Food is on point, had the chicken tikka masala and korma chicken. Naan was delicious as well. Best part about the meal was that my glass of water never fell below 75%. This is a big thing for me, as it was a sweltering day in NYC.Second time we went this week, we BYOB a bottle of wine, which as we were waiting for a table to open, was uncorked and served to us! How sick is that? Again, stellar service all around and will definitely be coming back here.
Enjoyed my dinner at this Midtown Indian with a good value $19.95 for a 3 course price fixe dinner.  Vegetable samosa came on top of the red and green sauces.  Tasty chicken makhani, delicious lamb curry and lamb korma.  Rice pudding is the third course.  Service was pretty quick and friendly.  Prices are reasonable as well.  Recommended.
Went there for dinner. Quite crowded. Its a very small place so it gets hard to secure seating We were 3 people and had to wait for 15 mins before getting a table.The food is good. We ordered chicken korma, lamb korma and lamb curry. All the three were good. The spice level was balanced.The portion size was also good. The naans were soft and was awesome with the gravies/sauces. Service was pretty quick .  Prices are reasonable.  Food is good . Will certainly recommend this place !
A classic hole in the wall -- amazing food and very affordable!I visited twice during my short visit since I couldn't get enough of their flavorful Indian food. They have vegetarian options and it was just wonderful & tasty. I highly recommend it.
Very good food with friendly and attentive service.  Will come back on my next visit.
Lamb Vindaloo was amazing. It was hot in spice but if you like heat, it didn't overpower the flavor.
Had the best Lamb Vindaloo at this place, food quality and quantity were on point. I like the ambience though the place was pretty small.
I have lived in India and also eaten in Indian restaurants from London to Seattle . And damn, this place is really really good. It is authentic, it is not spiced with the heavy hand of a bored chef, nor does it try to be something it isn't by (Con)Fusion Cuisine idiocy.  And if you just arrived from Nebraska and never had Indian food, but wanted to but were afraid you might get your lips singed off and have smoke bellowing from your butt, fear not. They can set the spice level to your prior  experience and risk adversity.  Everything is cooked to order so fear not!  Vegetarians , much to choose from. And I do believe a vegan can get a good meal without ghee. Ask. They know about food preferences as well as allergies. I have my favorites here ( vegetable tikka Masala and malai kofta) but who cares what the reviewer likes? You come here and get what looks good to you! I've never been disappointed here and I have eaten here probably about a dozen times . Tourists: look up! It is upstairs from the sushi place.  No, you won't get mugged in the stairwell even it if does look a little sketchy. But you may have to roll down the stairs after such a filling and satisfying meal.
Chicken tikka masala was good, lamb rogan josh was good, eggplant bharta was bland.  Okay spice level of chicken and lamb (asked for spicy on everything and it was fairly spicy), but eggplant not spicy at all.  We ordered delivery and order came in about 35 min., but only plates; no utensils or napkins (staying in hotel and they were advised of this).  Deducted half a point for that.
What a jewel of a place!  It is kinda shabby but in a good way...with a nice vibe  ..., The food is very well prepared and delicious-  loved every bite of everything!  Their mint sauce is the most flavorful I have ever tasted!  The pakora and naan were perfect.  I never had coconut naan before!  We also felt very welcomed and the service was very helpful and attentive.
This is a second floor spot - for dinner (and maybe lunch?) it's a sit down place even though at first I thought it was a order at the counter kind of place.  The prices are a bit pricier for such a small bowl, but believe me you'll be full from one of those small bowls of curry with the rice.  There's no naan that comes with the curries, it will be additional charge.  It's a intimate small place where you can easily eavesdrop on other table's conversations, so be sure to be okay with that awkward moment that you might also knock a glass over accidentally.  The aloo Gobi Matar tasted more like a potato stew and it was kinda spicy, but def tolerable.  This one was my favorite over the Saag - spinach curry.  That was tasted like a spicier version of a creamed spinach without that level of creaminess.  Chicken was cooked perfectly.  Overall, awesome food - just a bit cramped.
My party of 3 was looking for a quick dinner place that could accommodate their evening plans and my own study plans, and the visiting friend was craving Indian. Being in the Times Square/Bryant Park area, I did a quick Yelp search and this place turned up. It was well reviewed and rated, and I hadn't had Indian food in a hot minute so I gladly suggested we meet here - a short walk for me and a quick subway ride for them. I believe I showed up only a few minutes after they opened, but there were already some people seated and done ordering in the restaurant. He seated me immediately at a seat right next to the door, and I perused the menu while waiting. I'm glad I arrived early because the remaining seats were being snatched up relatively quickly! After my friends arrived, we all decided to order the prix-fixe dinner set ($19.95 + tax) which included a samosa, an entrée of your choosing and dessert. The entrees were already approximately $15 each, and the prix-fixe dinner set was the obvious option. Maybe they designed it this way? We all ordered meat samosas - so crispy, so tangy, and the dipping sauce was delicious as well. For entrée, I ordered the chicken tikka masala, and my friends got chicken curry and lamb curry. With Yelp check in, we were able to score a free bowl of garlic naan for the table! It was a really good dinner - my medium spice chicken tikka masala was probably the best Indian I've had in New York of the three Indian restaurants I've been to in the city. The naan was crunchier than I was expecting, but still good! The dessert was average, a small bowl of tapioca pudding - we were so stuffed by then, I'm not sure we could've stomached anything bigger! They were kind of anxious to get us out of our seats because there were people waiting, so they didn't take their time in clearing our table or giving us the check. Staff was quick on their feet and attentive. Would recommend! Maybe wouldn't come during peak dinner hours (6-8), but would love to come back again!
I have been looking for a decent Indian restaurant that is close to transportation and easy on the wallet!  I have found my NIRVANA!!!! This place is all that and a bag of Lays! It's located on the second floor. 56th street is loaded w/ restaurant and other stores so you can easily miss this spot.  It's not fancy, just the perfect place to grab a great dinner w/ friends! Chill atmosphere, great acoustics, very reasonable, great food and friendly customer service. I ordered the chicken sagaa w/ brown rice and garlic naan.... everything was yummy! The garlic naan was the BEST I have ever had! I should have ordered two! Can't wait to go back! This will be my go to Indian restaurant!
I really enjoyed Bengal Tiger. I ordered Aloo Matar (vegetarian) which was great, along with the roti. They let you select the spice level which was helpful, and the service was great. Everyone was extremely friendly and very welcoming.My only possible complaint is the tight space. It's quite small and you have to walk up stairs and possibly sit on wooden benches, which could be quite uncomfortable (and was) to people with physical ailments. It was awkward trying to scoot between close tables to visit the bathroom. That said, I enjoyed sitting on the wooden bench along the window because it was quite beautiful.
This is an excellent place to get indian food. The food was amazing and the setting is a very relaxed, cool environment in a loft with lights hanging. Portion sizes were huge for what you paid for. The customer service was exceptional as well!
Awesome food and quick service. Spicy option is not 'burn your mouth off' spicy so if you like a little heat, go for it.
People here were SO nice!  It made for a wonderful experience.  The naan was fantastic- hot and perfect amount of chewiness.  Unfortunately the 2 entrees we ordered were only ok.  We got saag paneer and chicken tikki masala and both had way too much cream that it overwhelmed the spices.
Amazing customer service and even better food! We were the very first customers for their first Sunday opening..they even gave us some stuff on the house for the occasion. I wanted to try some of their desserts but I was so full! We'll definitely be going back :)
good, cheap, and quick indian food for lunch - ftw. especially in this area of midtown bengal is a gem. be warned their spicy curries are spicy though. so have a lassi on hand instead of something like a diet coke which only made it worse. apparently dinner here is BYO. since i spend all day in the area for work i try to clear out by dinner but good to know in case i need a casual dinner spot one of these days.
Ordered spicy vindaloo and it was amazing. They messed up my order by giving my lamb but took it back and gave me my food right away. The waiter was so sweet and kept saying sorry. Good service, good food, and good atmosphere. Prices are really good for this area as well.
Delicious and great service. Had the chicken tikka masala with garlic naan. 10/10 would eat again.
One of the good Indian restaurants in NYC! Small place located on the second floor (in front of the parking garage). Fast service and very polite and food staff. Meals are a bit overpriced but they are okay. I would go back again for sure (this is my second time). Highly recommended
Love the food, the chicken Vindaloo was perfectly spicy and the mango chutney breaks up the spice nicely. The Naan and Rice were delicious and i like the lunch platter as it is a bargain. Bottom line, love the food. Issue is it's $20 minimum for delivery. I was a sucker and added 3 mango chutneys just to get it over the $20 minimum, now i am thinking of making a mango chutney pie.  Please lower the minimum and i will order twice a week.
Had dinner here with a friend. Brought our own beer and took advantage of the Pre-Fixe 3 course for less than 17.00. Vegetable Samosa, Chicken Marsala were both fantastic. My friend had the Vindaloo which he loved but described and "really spicy but not stupid spicy".  We also ordered a garlic naan which was VERY garlicky. Delicious but garlicky. And the service was great!  So nice and very attentive.
The vindaloo is perfect. The other traditional curries are also very good. Fast and friendly service from an attentive wait staff. Very affordable prices, especially for Manhattan, and a cadual atmosphere. Only complaint is that it is BYOB, but that can also be a plus depending on your point of view. Oh, and the one-man bathroom is on the tiny side.
I loved their food! All these indian resturants claim to have spicy food and then lets the traditional spice craving indian down. NOT at Bengal Tiger! I ordered food and ordered three plates- one for lunch and two for me and my boyfriend for dinner. The chicen vindaloo is actually spicy! I was so happy, the channa masala was great too! In addition, the delivery was so fast considering i ordered so much and am about 13 blocks away! It was great spicy, flavorful, hot and filling food. Definitely ordering again! P.S. If you want awesome naan and love garlic flavor, get the garlic naan. It is huge and you will not regret it!
Good food and excellent service. The staff were extremely friendly. The chicken tikka masala and the paneer makhani were the best dishes we ordered. The coconut naan is a great naan to order because it is just a little sweet. I was impressed with the everything I ordered. The food was delicious and better than most Indian places in San Francisco. Great food, great service, great place.
Was hugely disappointed with this place as based on the reviews had expected good indian food. The restaurant is in the second floor with poor access and was not at all impressed with food as it was bland and flavorless. The prices are ok and the food arrives fast but that's it.
Excellent food! Easy to order since food descriptions are on a blackboard. We were there for lunch and got to choose rice (brown or basmati) and two entree selections along with plenty of naan. The Saag Paneer and Lamb Korma were delicious, as was my husband's Baigan Bhartha (eggplant), and Chicken Korma. Friendly and efficient service. Food was ready in a jiffy, and servings are generous. Zero complaints. Highly recommended.
I will start by saying that the service (staff) was excellent. It was very busy; my server kept a professional demeanor and was attentive. The service is awesome. Unfortunately,  the food was not as good. The chicken tandoori was very bland (but I must admit the yogurt and rice provided with the dish was good). I'm not sure if the chef is attempting to modify the food for American taste but if that is the case, please DON'T. I think you should make the food the same way you would "back home" and be authentic. The place has a good thing going; I hope they can take the food up a notch.
This is one of the best Indian restaurants I have ever been to! I came to visit NY all the way from California and I am so glad I found this place! Their Chicken Tikka Masala and chicken vindaloo are amazing! I'll definitely come here every time I visit NY.
Was absolutely blown away by the quality, freshness and flavor of their dishes here. I always liked Indian food, but it's never my first choice when picking restaurants to go to. This place is a game changer. We had a party of five and decided to order different things so we can all share. Everything was prepared perfectly and was fairly priced. My favorite was the lamb curry which I got spicy. I'm a fan of spicy foods, I always have to ask for extra extra spicy because I tend to be disappointed when I just ask for it to be "hot". The level of spicy was perfect! Hot enough for a good kick but not overbearing. Now my friend got the vindaloo which they warned is very very spicy and I must say, it is. Although my mouth was on fire, the flavor was on point and delicious. Highly recommend this place!!
All of the other reviews sum up this place well. It's small but well staffed and run. Food was excellent and at a really good price. Price for Location is phenomenal.
We went into the city just to get Indian food since you can't get good indian food in Miami...  And Bengal Tiger did not disappoint!  We ordered the lunch special that comes with 2 entrees, rice and naan and it was amazing.  We highly recommend the lamb over the chicken only because it is more tender.  But the vindaloo and curry sauces are amazing.  It is counter service and the food comes out in a matter of minutes!  The food came out piping hot and we actually had to wait for it to cool.  If we lived nearby I would order from here several times a week!  I highly recommend this place!
We found this restaurant because of its great Yelp reviews.  We actually went in mid December - I'm just a little tardy in getting my reviews in.  The food was absolutely amazing, the service superb and the atmosphere was cozy and intimate. If you have to wait a little bit, it's worth it.  BYOB, which we didn't know about, but that was fine.  The Lamb Vindaloo was crazy spicy and fantastic.  What a wonderful discovery!
Solid and affordable. Great friendly service. Tasty non greasy Indian food. They have a willingness to try new things, for example, they have a handful of different Naans, one of them was topped with rosemary...very unique.
My friend and I often eat Indian food together and Bengal Tiger did not disappoint. They have some of the best naan I've ever tasted and the main course was excellent as well.
Very good food and excellent service! We came early in the evening so didn't wait at all. The waiters were constantly filling our water and checking how things are going. We were sitting by the window and it was really cold so they offered to move our table since they couldn't do anything with the heat. Mulligatawny soup and chicken korma was very good. I usually don't like Indian desserts cuz they are too sweet but the kheer was just right! Definitely would come back again if around!
Totally 100!!!! It's perfect!!!! The food is sooooo delicious and it's so cheep comparing to others who have same kind of dish, and the inside of restaurant is pretty cozy and well decorated, it doesn't look like the stairs outside, and waiters are nice, patient  and polite, it's my favorite restaurant in New York so far, definitely recommend!!!
From out of town, so yelp helps out a lot. Wasn't disappoint; the food was delicious, the staff was very friendly, and the atmosphere was very cosy! Definitely would recommend!
Tried this place because of its good reviews and it lived up to its reputation! Really cute little place, attentive waiters, and my vegetable tikka masala was great.
Absolutely amazing food, great service, and wonderful atmosphere. Delicious meal & the BYOB option is noted for next time. Got the chicken masala & absolutely loved it. Definitely recommend this restaurant
The food was delicious. I wish the service were this good everywhere I went. Great experience. The servers took great care of us. I never found myself wishing I could just make eye contact with a server. They anticipated every need. They walk around constantly looking for what they can do. Obviously I cannot speak enough about the service. They define it. The food was exceptional too. I had lamb saag.
Really a small and cozy place with great food.  We had the paneer masala...and the chicken tikka...both were excellent.  They have great portions and the service is superb.
This was one of the best Indian dishes I've ever had! I had the Chicken Curry Spicy with Garlic Naan and I cleaned my plate it was so delicious!
Meh Indian food made by Asians. Not the best I've had. Price was cheap and probably mostly why it was busy. I asked for cilantro and garlic on my naan and you think I was asking too much. They sold garlic naan. They sold cilantro naan. How hard would some with both be?
I enjoyed the food and the service was great. I also liked the decor. I will definitely return when in the neighborhood.
Best Indian Food in Manhattan! Plus the staff has great meal deals, and is really friendly
Great food, nice people, It was not expensive and the place was clean. Great choice for an informal place with great indian food. It is not a pretty restaurant but it is very good
We decided to try the Bengals tiger after seeing wicked at the Gershwin theater, it's only about a 10-15 minute walk and the neighborhood is fine. The food was great,  we had Naan, samosas, chicken masala and chicken mahkani. The staff was friendly helpful and attentive. The price was fair and the service was quick. The restaurant is small, holds probably 30 ppl but well kept and clean.
One of the best meals ever. Small quaint and so great!!!  Had 6 items with naan and finished it off with a honey dumpling.  Bring your own wine. Only serves beer right now.
A diamond in the ruff. Food was fantastic and their top priority is making me happy!!!
I went here last night with my friend, and it was packed even for a random Wednesday night- which already got me thinking it must be good. And good it was! The food was so tasty, we got the lamb vindaloo and paneer makhani. The wait for the food wasn't long at all, and the waiters are friendly and efficient. There's a deal for a full 3 course meal for $17, and I think you get your money's worth (if not more). Definitely recommend it to anyone who's looking to have some yummy indian food, so far it's the best I've had.
This restaurant is great for a quick bite. Ambience is casual and cozy, service is fantastic. Our water glasses were never more than half empty. Food is good, very toned down in terms of spice and salt. Each of us got the 16.95$ prix fixe (one appetizer, one entree and rice and one small serving of kheer) for dinner, a little pricey if you consider the portion sizes and the fact that you need to pay extra for bread. I got the pakoras for starters which came with a delicious chutney. I liked my saag paneer but my friends veg tikka masala came with a excessively bland sauce (and he had requested for it to be spicy). they offer a great deal at lunch time and the next time I go back here will probably to try the same.
For $10 you get a lot of food and its some of the best Indian food I've ever had. Very happy with Bengal, this is my first time and I'll be coming back often
Pretty tasty and I didn't have to go all the way to kips Bay Area for good Indian Eats! Plus got a free naan because someone else ordered it but it was delivered to my table. Score!
Taste- goodQuantity-too less small containersAmbience -ok types since small areaI had been to New York this July 4th 2015 and looked for Indian food when I came across Bengal tigerI ordered naan paneer makhani and vegetable korma. Paneer was tasty but the vegetable korma was not as expected. I expected nice blend and variety of fresh vegetables but what I got was zucchini peas and broccoli in thick gravy. But what I expected was caulifer carrot peas French beans etc. now that was a little disappointing. And the complimentary rice with makhani was half cooked.
Fast and good place for lunch.  $9 for rice + naan + two pick from popular menu.  Plate is a cardboard so it is a bit disappointed but most crowds wont eat here but rather for to go and for price at 56th, I think it's acceptable.   Chicken could be little juicy but tikka masala source tastes good.
Really good Indian meal, but the menu is a bit basic. No local specialties that one doesn't see on every other Indian menu. Place is fairly basic without much ambiance. What it does have going for it is reasonable prices in midtown.
An excellent prix fix for dinner! Really cheap! The appetizers are amazing, but the main course is just ok. I wasn't a huge fan of the chicken tikka and I also got some spicy vegetable thing that was just ok. The dessert really wasn't my cup of tea, but that doesn't mean it wasn't good. I just felt let down by the main course.
I've been in search for REALLY GOOD traditional Indian food ever since I moved from Astoria to Manhattan. A waiter from Seva, Astoria's most prized Indian food restaurant, told me to try Bengal Tiger, which is run by the same owner. After testing out 3 Indian restaurants the in lower west side, and not feeing any motivation to return to any of them, I visited Bengal Tiger and was very happy with the quality of food, ambience and service! If you're a fan of Seva then you'll love Bengal Tiger. They use similar ingredients, and their waiters are very nice people! Last night my wife and I ordered the Pakora, Papadum, Saag Paneer, Kheer and Mulligatawny Soup. Each dish was amazing! I highly recommend! My only suggestion is that Bengal Tiger open a restaurant in Greenwich Village! There are many more local residents that will come on a regular basis.
Hot tasty food for SO little money!  I can't believe I ate that in NY City!!!
Awesome service! Food is great! Love their papadum! The best we had of all the Indian restaurants that we tried in Florida, Toronto, Honolulu & NYC! The nan is great also.
Great Indian food in midtown Manhattan.  Very good value & service.  This restaurant is on the second floor across from Benihana's is on 53rd St.
Very impressed with the food here.  Dropped by for lunch with a friend and was completely surprised.  Good food, great prices, and good customer service.  I'm a big eater, so seconds were needed (the portion size is enough to feed a waistline conscious person).  Will return again.  Love the naan and aloo ghobi.
The review is purely for the food since I only order in from here - I'd be ready the  vouch for their samosa and lamb curries. They have a simple menu with all the basics and have not disappointed me once! Go for it!
Fast, cheap and delicious. Only 4 stars because they don't serve booze. Get this to go and have a fantastic picnic in Central Park and probably have some to take home.
I'm a little of a Korma Snob, but no complaints here. I only wish I had ordered the Lamb. The naan was prepared fresh, and it was all served by an extremely friendly staff. Place was very clean and didn't have that usual "Indian joint" smell.
Great food. Friendly and attentive staff. Highly recommend. It's our go to for Indian since it opened, and love the ambiance for dining.
Found this place after searching for Indian restaurant. The staff was really friendly, and the food is amazing. Their vindaloo is extremely spicy, but I liked every bit of it. Wife got the lamb curry and she loved it. It's a tiny but lovely place with good food.
Absolutely delicious! It's hard to find good lamb curry that doesn't taste 'Gamey'. Great service. Downside- what?! No alcohol served. I happened to have some wine with me and they accommodated me so I  could drink it there.
Head full of art from the MoMA and belly in need of stimulation?  Walk the few blocks and treat yourself the Bengal Tiger. Verging of fast food Indian, the lunch special is tasty, hearty, hot and fast!  At under $10 it is more than enough for one, we added in samosas (get some) and papadams (skip 'em) and we left stuffed and happy, ready for more art!
This is hands down the best Indian food i have ever eaten and believe me... I've eaten quite a bit. The coconut naan is amazing, sweet and a tad salty. So good. The Korma, is not too sweet, the masala is great. Prix fix menu is pretty good if you don't want anything out of the "typical" orders. All in all, it is great, tiny though so I wouldn't go if you have a huge group.
This place is AWESOME! I've tried Saag Paneer from so many different Indian places, but these guys make the meanest one out there. Love getting the special set which gets you an appetizer, an entree (huge portion of curry) and a dessert for around $15. They've done really well with deliveries as well - highly recommended!
This place is perfect from start to finish. We had the vegetable samosa which is a delicious and filling potato dish. The tandoori chicken was amazing. You will be glad you tried it!
EXCELLENT food. Called ahead for a "lunch pack" and ordered double chicken tikka masala with basmati rice and naan for $8.95. VERY quick and was ready when I arrived. The sauce is very good, chicken is perfectly tender, and the naan is delicious. Fantastic and very fast lunch spot. Highly recommended!
Service was great. Food was great. Price was great. BYOB. So What if the ambiance isn't perfect.
I AM DONE! I ordered from Seamless.. got the fixed 3 item thing.  I got Samosa, Lamb Curry and Kheer.  OMG SO MUCH FOOD.  Two huge pieces of samosas and enough dipping sauce for both pieces and more.  A huge serving of Lamb Curry.. with LOTS OF LAMB!  I love curry but get annoyed when they put in like 5 pieces of meat.  This had like 10 at least.  And then the kheer was also tasty.  Quick and delicious and a GREAT deal especially in midtown.  The prices aren't cheap but you get so much it is a good deal.
Pakoras were cold.  Place is upstairs.  They served me tea I didn't ask for.  I did ask for the food to be less spicy and it was too spicy.  Meh.  But people are nice.
Had the lunch special with Chicken Vindaloo and Chicken Tikka Masala. Ordered a side of coconut naan. Not sure why i could not upgrade it over the plain naan, so had 2 servings. The Vindaloo packed a punch, which is great in my book. There was more food than i could handle. Very good deal for lunch.
Really bad food. The chicken vindaloo tasted as though someone had accidentally dumped a box of chili powder in it. When I called the restaurant, they said that was how they make it (bad--interesting choice).The chicken in both the vindaloo and the biryani tasted old. It was tough and dry.Even the naan tasted stale, as if it had been sitting for quite some time. How do you f up naan?We ended up throwing everything away--it was completely inedible.
Came in around three pm on a Saturday looking for a tasty escape from fifth ave. The restaurant is well kempt and the service was outstanding. I ordered the bangan bhattha and the chicken tikka masala. Both dishes came out quickly and were fresh and delicious. The bangan bhartha was one of the best I have ever had.
I really wanted to like this place. The reviews made me go, my taste buds will not make me go again. There is MUCH better in the city I'd say.
Really good food at a great price. We had lunch there and ordered the chicken tika masala and the tandoori chicken with some garlic naan. Everything was delicious and our only complaint was that we didn't have enough room to finish it. To top it off the service was wonderful.
I ordered chicken biryani which was good. The ambience is ok. The only thing which was upsetting was the stink in the bathroom. They really need to do something about it. The bar area also did not seem clean. Not sure if I will visit again
Lunch menu. Seriously Awesome. Go. Now. Under 9. Did I mention amazing. Again I'll say it. Go. Now.
Absolutely fantastic!  I had the lamb korma (ordered it spicy) and the garlic naan and frankly couldn't have been any better.  Service was excellent - food delivered quickly and staff was very attentive without being bothersome.  Interesting they do not serve alcohol but allow BYO - they directed me to a Duane Reade around the corner where I bought some beer. Will *definitely* be back.
A hidden gem of Indian cuisine in Midtown.I was visiting NYC with two of my friends this past weekend and, searching for a good place to get lunch, found Bengal Tiger on Yelp as one of the closest, highest-rated restaurants near our location. We decided to give it a try after seeing their menu. The restaurant is on the 2nd floor of the building, and walking up via the stairs makes you apprehensive about what to expect. The exterior of the building is dingy, the stairs leading to the door are even dingier, but once you enter the restaurant you'll know you've entered the right place. The atmosphere of the restaurant is perfect, and upon walking in, you'll be greeted by the restaurant's warm undertones of burnt-orange/brownish walls, with trendy painted pattern designs covering them, and the warm wooden flooring and tables. The guys who work at the counter are among the nicest I've come across in a restaurant and were happy to answer any of our questions and let us take our time in deciding. Their lunch pack ($8.26) is what we went for, and it was such a great deal! You can order a plate of any 2 entrées from their vegetable, chicken, and lamb dishes, and it comes with a choice of basmati or brown rice, and a heaping serving of naan. It is COMPLETELY worth your money. They give you more-than-generous portions of food on your plate and it is served quite promptly and steaming hot. My mouth watered just looking at my meal, and the taste was about flavorful as it gets. I came with one of my best friends, who is Indian, and she noted that the food was delicious and tasted authentic. I ordered the paneer makhani (farmer's cheese with light cream tomato sauce) and the aloo gobi matar (stir-fried potatoes, cauliflower, and peas) and the sauces were perfectly spiced and extremely tasty. My friends ordered the chicken curry and saag paneer, which they noted was equally as delicious. Loved their raita (yogurt sauce). Quality food for an amazing price.The employees at the restaurant even took our trays (even though the restaurant has a garbage can for customers to dispose of their trash), told us he would take care of it, thanked us with a smile, and wished us a nice day. A+ service, A+ atmosphere, A+ food.Would definitely recommend Bengal Tiger to everyone I know hitting up Midtown!
Very solid Indian food, best I've had in a while and I'm a native.  Prices are reasonable and the setting is casual.  Don't forget to grab a beer or wine if you'd like as it's BYOB.  Service was attentive and pleasant.  Water was always filled which I really appreciate.  Got the prix fix because it's only slightly more expensive than the entrees.  Onto the food:Apps - Pakora and Lamb Spring Roll, both were really amazing with great flavor and texture. Entrees - Lamb Sag Paneer (upcharge of $1 is negligible) and Chicken Tikka Masala.  We were asked if we wanted it spicy and he said it was a 6/10 in heat and we like spicy so we gave it a go.  I would say more like a 7 or 8/10 but frankly, it was perfect.  The Sag Paneer was not too creamy like most places I've been too and the Chicken in the Tikka Masala was cooked perfectly.Naan - We added Naan bread because it feels wrong to eat a meal without it.  We got Onion and Coconut.  For 2 people we should have only ordered one but we enjoyed the variety.  Coconut is mild and adds a nice flavor and the onion was equally as good.
I had the Chicken Masala and Garlic naan. Although it was a bit spicy I was deffently Im pressed with the flavor. The wait staff was very friendly and polite.
I eat a lot of Indian food. It's probably my favorite cuisine. I was excited to try this place after reading so many great reviews. Walking in, I was a bit worried. The space is very plain and small and not much to look at. I was further worried when I saw the rather limited menu of very basic dishes that you see at most Indian restaurants. I ordered the prix fixe menu and got a samosa and chicken saag. Chicken saag or saag paneer are my usual first time at an Indian restaurant go to dishes. Th beautiful samosa arrived and it was perfect! Flaky, not too thick pastry with a well spiced filling. Then the chicken saag came, and I must say, this was the most delicious spinach preparation I've ever had in an Indian restaurant. The flavors and spices were perfectly balanced and intensely savory and the heat level was perfect...I had asked for it spicy. It was, but not overly so. And the chicken was well cooked and tender.The kheer was just so-so, not the highlight of the meal, but everything else was so delicious and the servings were large enough for me to take some home for another meal. And the price was affordable. I will be back!
The food was good.  Service was a tad slow, and awkward.  Looked like a new place, and they were still trying to get organized.  That comes with time.  Ebb & flow along with quality food is what keeps restaurants succesful (and profitable)
Went here for a weekend lunch and got Chicken Vindaloo and Malai Kafta - both were very good representations of british-style curries.  We asked for both dishes very spicy and they delivered, really fantastic flavors as well as spiciness.  Service was really good, not over the top but nice and responsive.  Price was also very reasonable, and they're BYOB!  We will definitely come back here with some good beer and friends.
One word. AMAZING.This Indian food definitely hit the spot! We ordered in Saag paneer and Channa masala with 2 plain naans. They included complementary Basmati rice in the delivery which was a pleasant surprise.The food was still hot when it was delivered, it had the perfect amount of spice in it and was absolutely delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to others in need for a tasty Indian meal!! Try it, you won't be disappointed.
Just fantastic! The food was perfect in my book. The service was exceptional. Quiet little place. Just great! I highly recommend!
I've only ever taken out, so I can only speak to that aspect of the business. Based on that alone, this has become an almost weekly takeout spot for me - my go-to is chicken tikka masala, extra spicy. It always hits the spot, the portions are a good size, it's always fast, and is always still piping hot by the time i get home (~10-15 minutes). Just writing this review is making me crave it.The lunch deal that everyone talks about seems like a slam dunk. If I worked in the area, this would be a frequent lunch spot.
I ordered from Bengal Tiger tonight for dinner and it was very good! A fair warning, spice levels are accurately described in the dish details. I'm so used to saying EXTRA SPICY,PLEASE! And this time, definitely didn't need to. Other than that, the garlic naan was awesome, chicken tikka masala - the masala a little too thick but still good (and spicy!), and lamp vindaloo (also spicy but very good too!). I'd definitely order from here again and will make sure to get a side order of raita and avoid mentioning extra heat.
I've now been here twice, once for dinner and once for lunch. Just ok. Convinced that it has high ratings based on value for money because the food is just ok. For lunch today I had lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala with basmati rice and naan. Portions were generous, but taste was just fair. Barely any heat, naan was just ok. No table service for lunch: elbow your way to the counter to order. Absolutely no ambience. It's a dive with decent Indian food cheap and fast. I that's what you're after, this is a solid choice.
Nice place with good service and Excellent food! Don't forget to try the desserts!
Visited this place on  recent trip. First the place is small and packed with 10 tables so you  may need to wait for few minutes. We tried Vindaloo, korma naan, pakoda, samosa.  Pakoda was spicy and tastes good. The curries really look like made from scratch (fresh everyday) and there no oil on top the curries. My wife really loved it and she compared it to home cooking. Now, that is a very rare compliment from indian women who cooks everyday! Definitely worth a visit. Wish i had known this in beginning of my trip.I see some people complaining about service. In fact the owner was very friendly and constantly checked on us. If you want faster services than falafel guys right around the corner on food cart is a way to go for you! I hope this place survives against those street food carts. This place was opened about 10 months ago.
Great new Indian restaurant that is BYOB. Unbelievable Tikka misala and lamb curry. I read about bad service and we thought it was great. We will be back again.
Excellent and authentic indian food.  Veg tikka massala was terrific,  Saag paneer as well.
This is my first time going out for Indian food, and I absolutely loved it. Our server was patient and the food arrived quickly. Also, the food was reasonably priced.
This shit is good, damn good. It was good enough for me to finally make a yelp account. With apologies to my favourite local Indian place, but they have you beat. The samosa was the best I've ever had. He wasn't kidding when he said the vindaloo was hot - I'm sure I'll be as hot coming out  in the morning - but I want my vindaloo hot. When an Indian guy says his food is hot, you know it's damn hot. The naan was great as was my partner's chicken tika.There were a few things missing. There wasn't a crabby old Indian woman filling my glass with water every few minutes. It was a guy and he smiled while pouring water. I would have liked a paneer option as an app. It's on the second floor, so kinda hard to find, but hunt it out. You won't be disappointed.
AWESOME Indian food with a nice decor. If you're in the area and you're craving Indian food definitely worth a stop by.  The food is decently priced.  If you take it to go it's actually a few dollars cheaper.
Service was really good. I found the place for my sister and her friend for dinner. I sat eith them but didnt order and they were really nice and kept asking me if i needed an extra plate / filling up my water. Both my sister and her friend got lamb curry. One was spicy and one wasnt. I tried both and the spicy was definitely much better. It is also not very spicy (i have medium spicy tolerance) but added more flavor to the dish. Their naan is also very good. I just really like naan in general though.
Delicious food, both meat and vegetarian, with wonderful service. It's our second time there and so happy we went.
Best dinner we had as a family in NYC this trip all at a fair price. Not sure the food could get much better if this were a $$$$ spot. Don't walk past this place - which is easy to do since it's on the second floor up an old/narrow staircase.
We came out of MoMA and were looking for a good possibility to eat. Thanks to Yelp we found this restaurant to be very close and highly rated. To be honest the Bengal Tiger doesn't look that inviting from the outside. We only gave it a try because of the Yelp rating. The service was very polite and friendly and the food was absolutely delicious! The prices are ridiculously low, I wonder how they manage to offer that high quality for these prices. The only thing I can complain about is the toilett. There is only one unisex toilett that did not look very inviting. Minus one star for the location and the toilett.
I have eaten in many Indian restaurants (in the US), including a number of excellent ones. I think our dinner at Bengal Tiger tops them all!  All four of our dishes were mouth-wateringly good. I had the Chana Saag, which I couldn't stop eating way after I was full.  Also 2 kinds of Nan bread (Onion and garlic), as well as appetizer Samosas and Pakora.  All was absolutely divine.  Special kudos on the Pakora, crispy dark crunchy fresh savory fritters! The 3 other diners had equal rave reviews of their own dishes. We'll be back next time we're in NYC!
-superior quality food to buffet though I found the chicken in my tikka masala a bit overcooked/dry though the sauce was still good-lunch price is 8.72 + tax of 0.78 for a total of $9.50 - a few dollars cheaper than a buffet but definitely a higher quality of food-I think they could consider getting some more substantial plates and silverware instead of just plastic stuff if you sit in there - it makes the food look cheaper than it tastes-I'll definitely come back
An amazing find; the food was delicious. Somewhat cozy but great service and quite affordable.
Ok Indian food, only went cause my buddy wanted to try it. Don't mean to harsh its just I am Bengali and I think my mom and sis cook better lol.
I went Bengal Tiger tonight with my family, after seeing all these great reviews..it was a total disappointment.I have gone to many Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and New York, and clearly this was not four and  a half stars.The food all taste the same.it was overpriced and the malai kofta which is my favorite dish at Indian-restaurant, was the worst I have ever had. It was hard cheeseballs immersed in yellow curry sauce.I basically finished my meal with some curry sauce, rice with some naan.The chola's were too spicy and too few also in spicy curry, and the spinach with paneer was alsoThe same hard cheese, that made the Michael stuff mixed in some little bit of spinach. Basically all The food all tasted  the same and was overly spicy.The service was nice. The guy was pleasant. The stairs to the restaurant were awful. However the restaurant itself was kind of cozy.
Cheap and good Indian restaurant with friendly service in a small/comfortable setting. They don't serve alcohol, but have a BYOB policy and don't charge a corking fee.
Great indian food. Fixed price menu is best value. No frills restaurant in what used to be a food desert.
Great stuff. Intrigued by all the great reviews I locked in this restaurant after a lap of the park. My trip didn't start well. I realized quickly after ordering that I had left my wallet in the office ... all the way down at the Chrysler building. Doh! 40 minutes later I was back and ready to eat. They kept my order and sat me right away. I'm from the UK and so the bar is high when it comes to Indian food. I must say over the last 10 years the quality in NYC has improved. It was dire at one point. The food here did not disappoint. I started with a delicious vegetable samosa .. probably the best I have ever had. Very tasty indeed. Then I had a Aloo Gobi Matar which I ordered very spicy (cauliflower and potato curry). It too was very tasty and just the right level of heat ... glad I ordered very spicy. It went down the hatch perfectly and was accompanied my a healthy portion of plain naan. All in all the meal was fantastic value for money, very cheap. They are not price gouging like some inferior Indian restaurants in more touristy parts of town. Great service, very quick. Nice ambience. A winner. I plan to make this my go to NYC curry joint.
It would be easy to miss this second floor venue, the entrance is tucked away and a little anonymous - it serves as the entrance to block of apartments and the restaurant.The staff are very welcoming at this tiny restaurant, there did appear to be another part around the corner but we didn't look. The first thing you notice is the limited number of items on the menu, there are a few appetisers and main dishes to choose from and a prix fixe option which is great value.We opted for the pakora and vegetable samosa to start, the pakora was really good - I'd have that again but the samosa was disappointing. They had used a pie like pastry instead of a thin chrispy pastry and the vegetables were over cooked or blended into a pulp. We also ordered some popadoms which appeared to be store purchased rather than made in the kitchen.For main dishes we ordered the chicken korma and chicken curry. The korma was good with well cooked chicken and a good overall interpretation of a classic korma. The chicken curry would have been perfect if not for the fact that too many bay leaves had been used, there was an overpowering taste which spoiled the dish. The chicken in the curry has a lot tougher than the chicken in the korma. The rice was cooked perfectly and the naan bread was also good - soft on the inside and slightly crispy on the edges.I also had a glass of the mango lassi which to be frank tasted like a Chobani mango yoghurt mixed with milk and topped off with ice.We ordered the rice pudding, my only comment would be that there were too many nuts.If the menu had more choice, a few more traditional starters like onion bhaji and a wider selection of curries then this would definitely be my "go to" Indian eatery in NYC.
Yummy! The food was fantastic! The $15 app-entree-dessert combo was such a great value, too. We ate in...a very cute place...very cosy. And the waiter was great, too!It was a bit hard to find...go up the stairs to the second floor. We'll be back. :)
Excellent $8.95 lunch deal. Packed at lunchtime on weekdays. Beware though their chicken curry is only ok - the meat itself can be dry and overcooked as it was the day I went in December 2015.
They say 25-40 minutes; they delivered to our midtown office in 12 minutes. The lunch pack is a large portion of food for only $10. Best part - IT'S REALLY GOOD! I got the vegetarian lunch pack, and The cheese in the saag paneer was fresh and warm and didn't taste like the cubed sadness I've experienced with some cheap Indian delivery.
This place has possibly the best Indian food that I have ever had and I eat a LOT of Indian food and all over the country. We started out with the pakora as a starter and then got the tandoori chicken and the aloo gobi matar for the entree. The food is perfectly flavored and the rice is cooked just right. The chicken was so tender and not dry like some places make it and the yogurt sauce they serve it with was SO good. The aloo gobi was so satisfying and had a good amount of potatoes and cauliflower that were also cooked to the right texture. Now the naan... We got the garlic naan and it really it the spot with a good amount of garlic that was so flavorful. We also got chai tea which was good, could possibly be a little more flavorful and they charge for refills (you get a small cup for $2), so that's not great. They also have only one bathroom and apparently have a plumbing issue so you have to wait for a long time to use it.. But all in all we will come back!
Looking for great Indian food we found this place on yelp. It was listed with "near perfect rating", which was spot-on. Can highly recommend. Great food, very friendly service and intimate atmosphere. We will absolutely go back!
Great Veggie Tikka Masala, loved the coconut naan.  For being in midtown, it was not plagued with theatre-going crowd.  Overall great experience and great food.  Bathroom was a little gross but what public restrooms aren't really...
This was a great find! Unassuming, excellent food, and very reasonably priced. Service was great. BYOB and no corkage fee!
The restaurant itself isnt anything special, but the food is delicious. Definitely worth a try!
Had the malai kafta. Delicious. Reasonably priced. Good service. If you can't handle spicy food make sure to ask for not spicy! I asked for regular and it was pretty spicy. As with all Indian places the sauces overwhelm the rice portions. I'd get some garlic nan next time. But seriously I plan on coming back here it was delicious.
Went there twice-- once for dinner and once for lunch. Food was great-- very fresh, reasonably priced and large portions!I only tried the veggie options (palak paneer, chana, paneer makahni), naan and mango lassi. I will return!
Good solid simple Indian lunch restaurant in midtown. I come here at least once per week and eaten everything on the menu. The food is tasty, cheap and quite well presented. If you ask for proper silver ware they will give it to you otherwise they would only have received 4 stars.
Very good Indian, Lamb vindaloo was actually spicy but very tasty.  Recommend
omg, i'm so sad i didn't find this place sooner.  super tiny spot but there was one seat left in the entire place, and it was for me!  the food was phenomenal, great price ($18 for prix fixe dinner) and service was friendly!  will definitely be back.
A little hidden in the 2nd floor, but with a nice (and sometimes packed) atmosphere. The service was always very friendly and quick. And the food is perfect. The nan bread is fresh and soft, and the dishes we tried were all good so far. Definetely recommend this place!
Stumbled across this spot when wandering midtown after a day of travel and no food. SO GOOD. My chicken mikhani was perfect for my taste level (not very spicy) and the lamb vindaloo was perfect for my boyfriend's (VERY spicy). Delicious naan, good service.
Good food, decent prices, and good service (may have been because we were the only ones there). I had the tandoori chicken which was pretty good. They give you pretty decent portions too.
This place is Perfect with a capital P.  You can see the Benihana tourists across the street and eat at this cozy, well-decorated and quiet venue.  The 13 buck special for an app, entree and dessert fits the bill.  The food is truly wonderful, and seasoned very well.  I want to go back weekly for the vindaloo (the samosas are excellent as well).I've been here twice, and the staff have been great each time.  I've tasted 6 dishes, all very solid.  It's BYOB, so that's a win.
These reviews so far were probably written by the owners and owners friends.  The food here is not good. Tastes like the curries were not ground up properly and have an awful texture. The do give you two delicious samosas with the combo meal which is nice. Got the rice pudding and gulag jamuns for dessert...no good.
Excellent value. The 3 course meal at $14.95 just can't be beaten.Great food and excellent service.Thanks
Had the lunch platter. Amazing food. Had the sag paneer and paneer makhani. I loved it and would recommend this place. Was lucky to bump into this place accidentally when I was in the area. Will visit again when I am in the area.
Amazing Indian food. Not a drop of oil in the pakoras. Amazing tikka masala. Wonderful saag. Wish they opened a branch back in home
Great service, charming atmosphere and all of the complex flavors you would hope for from good Indian cuisine. The Chicken Korma was especially tasty. Staff responded graciously to my complaints about the Baingan Bharta not being cooked through sufficiently for my tastes.
Service is awesome, staff really friendly and the food came quickly but I thought the curry was a bit too bland and watery and my chicken was a bit dry. Naan was great though!
As a vegetarian I regularly rely on Indian restaurants, but this is one I will not return to. The service was good, but the food was just average and with so many Indian restaurants around, average doesn't cut it. The lentil soup tasted only of salt and was inedible because it was so salty. The samosa was nicely fried, but the flavors weren't prominent enough to balance with the potatoes. The vegetarian entrees lacked flavor as well. I can see where some people enjoy the dinner special, but I'd prefer to pay a little more for a satisfying Indian dinner.
Nice place, very reasonably priced. The vindaloo sneaks up on you, so be sure to have some water ready. They don't sell alcohol, but you're welcome to BYOB without a corkage fee. :-)
The owner, Vinod, is not only accomodating and flexible, but also a really nice and as sincere a business owner as they come! His restaurant is clean and the service is expedient. He modified a few items on his menu to accommodate my crazy preferences (chick pea substitute for green pea, less oil than normal, and garlic on top of onion naan :P yumyumyum!!!).The food is flavorful but not fiery, so if you enjoy getting your tongue roasted with chile, be sure to ask because it comes stock mild. Curry and Cardamon abound but the chile is not dominant. Personally, I will order it extra spicy next time!This restaurant, like most restaurants on 56th, is on the second floor.One server, a (temporarily) small clientele, and passing traffic beneath make for a cozy, almost intimate dining experience, that i fear won't last for long as good things catch on fast.Highly recommended if you are local or just visiting the neighborhood and are jonezing for food that throws a switch inside of you :)
I ordered the chicken tikka masala and the chicken saag. They were white meat chunks and not random connective tissue or overly greasy, which is what I'm afraid of when I order from a new take out place. So I would order from these guys again. Pretty good. One negative for me was the random big chunks of ginger in my chicken saag...
Excellent food: great attentive wait staff that kept coming back to ask if we needed anything. Food was fantastic; very tasteful, chicken was soft and juicy and tastefully spicy. Highly recommended !!!!
Very good food and good size portions.  Visited with my husband and two teen sons and mistakenly ordered 4 "3 Course" meals and could only finish half!  The Tandoori bread was hot and delicious.  All of our food was very fresh and prices are reasonable.  The atmosphere is dark and a little small.  A line of patrons formed shortly after we arrived, so you may want to give yourself extra time.  The staff was very attentive and our food was delivered to our table in reasonable time.
we ordered the lunch deal to stay :chicken vindaloo - spicy, good not great chicken korma - less impressed, no nuts or raisins to give it the sweetness a korma should have chana masala - unusual flavor.  goodpaneer makhti - really liked this one, it's cheese in a slightly sweet cream tomato sauce very fast and well worth the ~9$nice sunny view of 56th St. good for people watching
Wow this place is good!! I've gone here 2 days in a row for 50% off. Yesterday i had the lunch box (normally $8) with rice & 2 sides curry chicken and spinach. It was great. Today i tried tikki masala and curry chicken, even better!! This is my new go to spot in Midtown.
Finally, proper indian food in this area. They do brilliant lunch & dinner combos at incredibly reasonable prices. Try the vegetable samosas!
I don't know much about Indian food, but everything I've eaten from Bengal Tiger has been absolutely delicious. Such a complex and amazing blend of flavors and spices! Very friendly staff are happy to help you pick what to order. Will be returning often for the lunch special because I work 2 blocks away.
If there is a rating below 1 star, I would like to give that. This is worst Indian food I ever had.  I went there going by rating at YELP. I am an Indian and knows how Indian food should taste. Indian food has its flavor which was completely missing in their food. Also, It seems these guys don't even entertain Indians as much as compared to others. I ordered Baingan Bharta and I asked them to make it spicy. They did not make it spicy but added two long red pepper to it that too not fried.  Worst Baingan bharta, I ever had in my life.  Most funny thing is that they added 15% tip on their own to the check. Giving tip is prerogative of customer on how is he/she being catered. They just added it to total bill. Also this place is very small and noisy. Avoid this restaurant on all cost specially advice to INDIANS, don't go by ratings.
Yum yum yum! We ate here last night, we normally stay away from midtown for food but this place was such a find! Great pre pix menu with lots of choices! I had chana saag it was so good, our whole group really enjoyed the food and the service was super friendly! Bonus.. It's BYO! The left overs were great this morning too! Would love to see peshwari naan on the menu!
Incredible find! Best Indian food I've had in ages! Everything was fresh, clean, not too greasy....the Roti was perfect! Great service too! Will definitely be back and tell all my friends :)
Great delivery of the 3 course fixed price meal! Samosa, Chicken Saag and Roti all taste phenomenal. Huge portion for a decent price.
I ordered delivery as a first time dining experience with this restaurant.   Wow!! The other reviewers weren't kidding when they said it is the best Indian they've ever had. I ordered the chicken tikka masala medium it was delivered hot and delicious despite the very very cold temps for the poor delivery guy. I will definitely order again, with pleasure.
I absolutely *love* this place. It has a cozy atmosphere, consistently great service, and phenomenal food. The lamb curry (medium/normal spicy, for me), garlic naan, and kheer is my go-to meal.
Mango lassi was so good and not the watered down/mix you get at other places. The flavor was very authentic too. I wished portions were bigger but with the drink I ended up very full anyway. The samosas and other appetizers are delicious too.
Great service. Terrific food. A wee bit overpriced but still a good deal compared to its neighbors.
Okay-ish chana masala and I would rather eat T-Jo's frozen chana masala than this one. But, coming to think of it T-JO's Chana Masala is quite close to perfection
Went to this restaurant according to good rattings on Yelp. My friend and I both ordered from prefix dinner. Samosa as appetizer, Chicken Tikka Masala as main course, the chichen were a bit dry. Next time I would get lamb! I also tried some of lentil soup and Lamb Curry from my friend's order. Both very good as well. Service was quick and very attentive.
Not sure who wrote the rave reviews but we couldn't eat the curries. We ordered delivery and should have been worried that all three curries looked the same as if they were cooked in tomato sauce. We ordered tikka masala, vegetable korma and aloo gobi. Having traveled the world eating and loving Indian food as well as cooking it often at home the curries were nothing like their names. Definitely the worst Indian food I have ever had. Even the samosas were bad.
Whenever I've come to this place, there has always been a long wait to get a table. But the food is so worth the wait. Food  is not oily and the spices do not overpower the dishes and this allows you to actually taste the dish. Portion size is medium. I wish they had more space because it does get cramped up, but hey this is Manhattan;-).
I got the lamb Saag with garlic naan and a mango lassi. My friend got the chicken tikka. Both were great. No better, no worse than other well-liked restaurants in the area. One remarkable thing about them is that their service is very good. Very attentive and gracious. It's not the type of place you would go for a celebration but would be fine for a laid back dinner with friends. The portions were small for the prices but I did get full.
Cool location with good food. Not as spicy as I would have liked but still yummy.
Food is super super tasty.  However, the meat is pretty sparse.  We ordered the chicken biryani, butter chicken and some appies.  The yogurt sauce and spicy green sauce is addicting.  But again, 16-17 dollar entrees need a decent amount of meat and you'll find 4-5 chunks of meat per entree.
Hands down the best Indian food we've ever had. Chicken tikka and lamb vindaloo were clean and savory. All the spices from the cumin to anis were on point. Highly recommended
Went to eat there tonight. I love Indian food and this place had great reviews so I thought I would go out of my comfort zone when we arrived to find it in the second floor with poor access ( it felt like a firetrap). I could get over that, but it smelled...funky, and not a good Indian smell, but an odd and dirty smell.  There weren't that many tables and they said it would be a 30 min wait so we left. It may not be fair to rate them so poorly since we didn't eat anything but "I think not" applies here.
Excellent indian food! The garlic naan bread might be the best I have ever had and the chicken masala was equally good!
Wonderful food. Great waiters. A gem in a neighborhood with mediocre, over priced restaurants.
Phenomenal food and great service! Everything we ordered on our visit was some of the best Indian food I have ever had. They are BYO so we were able to bring our own bottle of wine and it was uncorked and poured for us without charge.  The staff was great, so friendly and helpful and very attentive to us despite them having a full restaurant. I would definitely return and have recommended this restaurant to all of my friends!
We were just visiting NYC for the weekend from Baltimore and wanted to maximize our time. Here we got the best of everything: fast and friendly service, incredibly delicious food, great prices, and BYOB with a liquor store around the corner. What a find!
Yummy Indian food with delicately balanced spices. Had the vegetarian pre-fixe menu which was extremely good. Samosas with the two sauces it came with were among the best I've had, saag paneer was wonderful and the dessert capped things off nicely. Had to go upstairs to get to the small restaurant, do not be put off by that as the food and service was great! Just a very short walking distance from Radio City Music Hall so very convenient for pre-show options. No alcohol but many people around us pre-planned for that and brought their own and others left to go buy some nearby. Great place for vegetarians!
Great food for a great price at an unbeatable location. It was a surprise that such a place exists in midtown.
What a great find thanks to yelp.  The three course dinner for $17 was a hell of a deal in this neighborhood, particularly after you bring your own beer (I guess they don't have a liquor license and seem to have no problem with you bringing your own).  The soup I had for an appetizer was very good, and my wife had a pakora that she raved about (it was quite large).  The rice served with the entree was a generous portion, and both her veggie korma and my lamb vindaloo were excellent.  The place is quiet, dark, and nice, and the service was some of the best we have ever experienced.  If you like Indian, and want a low key place with excellent food and super nice people, this is your place.
Me and my bf went here whilst craving Indian food (which is seriously lacking in west Harlem) and stumbled across this gem located in Times Square. We decided on it because we couldn't believe the online three course meal advertisement, it's true! Appetizer, entree, dessert for $14-$15 depending on lamb or not! Heaven...I got the lamb vindaloo, delicious, super spicy just how I like it and the most tender delicious lamb I've ever eaten. My bf got chicken tikka...cuz he's lame and not adventurous but it was delicious too. He got his hot as well. The samosa was delicious and large and yum. The rice pudding was alright just not a huge fan but the nuts in it were delicious enhancement to the dish. We also tried the pakora which was also delicious and now we have a new fav Indian spot. Will be back soon! Didn't give the place five stars because the waiters really hover over the water glasses and we just kept being interrupted by ther incessant filling of our not empty water glasses. I didn't even get to drink my glass and a waiter was filling it so the cup overflowed. They are just a little over eager with their service but better too much attention than not enough I guess.oooh almost forgot! The Naan was delish too!
Fantastically nice management and wait-staff, their energy alone puts you in a good mood. Food is equally fantastic and comforting. Indian in NYC can be a bit hit or miss, but I highly recommend the dinner prix fixe here, quality ingredients and flavors make for a solid deal (considering the neighborhood) that nicely teeters the line between pleasantly and painfully full.
I did the 3 course prix fix for $16.95 and I thought it was worth it. The food was very tasty and filling. The vegetable samosa was delicious and in an amazing sauce. The chicken tikka masala was served with white rice was very solid. The kheer was the perfect way to top off the meal. Its texture was very nice. I recommend checking this place out.
We had a great meal.  Very pleasant staff with good service.  BYOB  Dining room is upstairs and is small so large groups should probably make reservation.
We stopped in desperate to escape the cold and willing to try anything. It was empty at 4pm, which was not unexpected, but expectations were tempered. We were pleasantly surprised to be offered the lunch menu, which is a great deal for a good portion if food. Though not the best Indian food ever, it is filling, yummy, and a great value.  The staff is friendly and the ambiance is warm and inviting. A good discovery.
Best Indian food ever! Great service and inexpensive.  The dinner special with the appetizer, entrée and dessert is a good deal.  Lots of food and I'm a big eater
Lamb korma was good and the plain naan was excellent. Chicken malai kabab was served raw, When notified, it was replaced with courtesy and not even charged. But the replaced one better, but still not what a kabab should be. Ambience and service was good.
The chicken vindaloo was excellent with perfect, strong spicy taste.  I was seated relatively quickly despite not having a reservation.  Service was also fast and courteous.  I highly recommend for an excellent meal at a reasonable price.
It's on the second floor up an uninviting staircase.  The air conditioner was broken and it's BYOB so we had to run to across the street to a bodega to get drinks.  All that said the service, food and prices were all fantastic and we had a really good time.  It's $15 for an appetizer, entrée and dessert, and the food was delicious and the portions were generous.
a friend and I yelped for Indian food after a few hours of shopping around 5th avenue.  Bengal Tiger has great review.  When we got there, I was pleased with the decor, cleanliness, and nice crowd.  We got there at 9pm, it was not crowded at all.  the place is small, so if you are going to visit during rush hour, I would recommend making reservation ahead of time.  The service was SUPER attentive.  My water was filled automatically without asking.  we drank a lot of water too.  And the servers always have a smile on their faces.  I had a curry lamb, and really loved it.  My friend had the Vindaloo lamb, he was disappointed because it has no potato inside, but once we bring it to the server, he brought us a side dish of potato right away and explained why there wasn't potato in the beginning.  So if you are a potato fan like my friend, make sure you ask for potato when you ordering Vindaloo.
My husband and I were visiting NYC from Wilmington, NC where there is no good Indian.  We found Bengal Tiger and are so happy we did.  The service was amazing - the best we have ever had at an Indian restaurant.  My water glass was never empty (which was nice because the Vindaloo was spicy) and the staff so friendly.  The space is small but very inviting.  The vegetable samosas were delicious as were the sauces that came with them.  The butter chicken was some of the best we've had out and the Vindaloo was spicy but not to the point where you could not taste anything else.  We would definitely go back and would recommend anyone going here for a great experience.
Was a little hesitant walking up the stairs but this place is really cute.  The pre-fixe menu is the way to go. BYOB & good portion sizes- major plus. Food was delicious and the server was very informative- he advised we half our order of the nan as we were going to order one of each flavor!  Also advised on the spiciness of the dishes.  Would definitely come back!
The food was very yummy and enough for whoever ordered it. I wish the breads were the same price in the evening/afternoon. Also, the staff is super attentive and nice. The decor is decent / nice for such a tight location.
I ordered their Saffron chicken biryani and it was awful. The rice was mushy and tasteless and the chicken was overcooked and dry. All in all a most unsatisfying experience and a waste of 12 dollars. I will not be ordering from this establishment in the future.
The food was great, i recommend chicken korma with garlic naan. Also the staff was very courteous and friendly.
It"s a traditional Indian restaurant and nothing against your expectation I guess. Cozy and friendly place. If they say 'hot', it's actually HOT, don't too trust your confidence. In many ways the place is authentic and reasonable price in NY.
The food is authentic and delicious. My girlfriend is 100% Indian and teared up twice during our meal because she felt like she was back in India. Our server was very attentive, cordial and extremely polite. They went out of the way to inform me and address my allergy to Gluten. I highly recommend trying the Prix Fix. It's on the second floor so make sure to look for the buzzer. I really enjoyed being up off of the street level. It made it a much more intimate experience.
Yumm. Just went here last night for the first time. I ordered the 3 course chicken tikki masala and it was awesome. The sauce was excellent, the garlic naan was excellent and the servers were so nice. Did I also mention that it's BYOB? Will definitely be coming back to try other dishes!
Food was great, service was really good too. Everyone was very courteous. Fantastic vegetarian options, just the right amount of spice. While the portions looked small we had the 3 course meals, and the entres were very filling with the appetizers.
Best indian food. No doubt it is close to 5stars. I would want to come in on a weekend so i would try their main courses and appetizers instead of rushing out the lunch specials during their week days.
Wonderfully attentive service, really tasty dishes, clean, and cheap! My water glass never got under half full before someone came around.  Best Indian place I've found in NYC so far.
Very, very, very good food for great price. Loved everything. Try the coconut naan. Would love to come here again.
Besides its tasty food, Bengal Tiger has a great atmosphere and it's BYOB! Definitely a hidden gem. We shared the lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, and the tandori chicken masala and I highly suggest all of them!
The food was good, the atmosphere was quiet enough to have a great conversation with our friends, and the 10% off coupon from Yelp made the whole experience even better. I would definitely go back!
found this Indian restaurant with good review and next  my work. decided to give a try after work. staffs are nice , food are good. we got complimentary Mango lassi by moving to next table. will come back again.
First visit to New York and this restaurant was a great start to our trip. Excellent food. Great service. Even when they were busy, they were very attentive. The naan is amazing; the chicken tikka and tandoori chicken tikka were delicious. And the green sauce with the vegetable mimosa appetizer was great.
My daughter and I found this restaurant on Yelp.  It was as exactly as advertised.  It was clean and unique.  We had the Lamb Curry and Korma which we loved in particular the Korma. We also had a rice pudding for dessert that was great.  The service was,good and I did venture into the restroom which wasn't as,bad as the reviews but it was tiny.
Awesome place, simple menu, good quality and quantity for lunch special...definitely going back
Amazing food! I will preface this review by saying that I am Indian and have grown up eating Indian food. This is literally the best, most authentic Indian food I have had outside of India and my mom's kitchen. Most importantly, the food is NOT greasy! I find it is nearly impossible to find non greasy Indian food at a restaurant. The naan is fresh and hot with just the right blend of crispy and soft. The coconut naan is a novel take on the original and equally delicious. Highly recommend the lamb vindaloo, lamb curry, chicken korma and saag paneer! The prices are awesome and you get plenty of great food for the cost without sacrificing quality!
A lucky find! We had just walked 20 blocks to discover a ridiculous line outside Joe's Shanghai. Desperate for some good ethnic food, we came across Bengal Tiger, just a few doors away. The stark staircase leading upstairs was a bit unnerving, but don't be fooled. The restaurant is attractive, service extremely attentive, food excellent, and prices amazingly reasonable. We've been in NYC for a week and this was our best meal yet--at a fraction of what we've paid elsewhere! Three course meals for $13? We'll be back.
My boyfriend and I discovered this restaurant walking by one night, and decided to try it. I'm so glad we did! The restaurant is on the 2nd floor, and is pretty small but the service and food more than make up for that. It recently opened so not many people know about it, which means it wasn't super crowded. The owner and his staff were extremely polite and friendly. We ordered off the prix fixe menu - which, btw, is a steal for Manhattan! $13.95 for an appetizer, an entree with rice and a dessert! From experience, I can highly recommend the pakoras, the samosas, the chicken tikka masala and the saag paneer. The garlic naan was also a hit with us!
Awesome. Must go if you like Indian food at a good price. Did the 3 course meal. Well worth it. Try chicken tikka masala or the pork korma. Not a lot of seating. BYOB.
Delicious food and beautiful, intimate ambiance. Been coming here for years.
The best Indian place I have ever eaten at in my entire life in the universe - seriously. I go there all the time -- It's amazing! The vindaloo chicken is very hot and it definitely goes nicely with the mango lassi ($3 for the lassi is a good price). The lunch special is under $10, which is very reasonable, especially for its midtown location. The saag paneer, curry chicken, and everything else - yes I did try the entire menu, except for the lamb options (I personally don't eat lamb) - is absolutely FABULOUS! I highly recommend this place to anyone!
A new incarnation of a previous Indian restaurant, they seem to have figured out to focus on the midtown take-away crowd.  Big pile of a fairly narrowly defined menu with a focus on to go and at least when I went a bit of chaos around operations.  One can dine in but feels a bit above picnic table.  Good quality food.
We chose to have dinner here last night and it was a great decision. Tucked away a bit and not flashy from the outside. It was empty inside for dinner (we were the only guests at 6:30pm) but the staff was very attentive. We get the impression they're a new business. The 3 of us chose the Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Korma + 3 plain naan and the food was absolutely delicious!! Excellent quality meal- well prepared and authentic, and the perfect amount for 3 people. Very reasonably priced for NYC ($12/main). Soda's are $2 and they bring you a whole 20oz bottle with a glass of ice (better prices than street vendors!) and if you don't finish it, you can take it with you unlike other restaurants (where you have to leave any remaining post mix chlorine tasting drinks and ice on the table) If we lived in NYC, we'd visit every week without a doubt! 5 stars- if you're standing outside wondering if you should go there for lunch or dinner- definitely go!!! They also deliver, are byob with no cork fee.
Amazing service and food in such a central location. Perfect leading up to a Broadway show or if you want somewhere quiet to eat away from the madness of midtown. Be aware - they don't serve any alcohol but (for now) byo is free.
it was okay. nothing to brag about.  mediorce food for a decent price.
There was a 15 min wait for a table for two at 7:00pm on a Saturday. While we waited a server brought us naan and water, which was unexpected but lovely. The naan was delicious.Vegetable samosas ($6.00) were large and tasty, and served with both brown and green sauces. Aloo gobi matar ($14.00) and lamb vindaloo ($17.00) were great and I would recommend them. Both the menu and the server warned about the heat of the vindaloo, and while it was certainly hot, as someone who is used to spicy food it was a very pleasant hotness. Rice was supplied with the curry orders, so an extra naan ($3.00) probably wasn't strictly necessary, but it was very nice! The total came to $43.55 including tax, but before tip.The service was spot on, and although the space is a little crowded, it isn't uncomfortable. Those with bad backs may want to avoid the window tables as one side lacks support. I'm looking forward to returning.
Great food.  We did the 3 course fix prix. The samosa appetizers, we chose vegetarian and lamb, were wonderful. I got the lamb saag and my husband got the chicken tiki masala. We both loved our meals. The portions were nice and large. We came hungry and left stuffed. The restaurant was a bit loud and dark for me but the service was great.
This is probably the best authentic Indian restaurant in Manhattan you can find. The food there is just amazing, throws me back to the smells and tastes of the Dhabas in India. The prices are fair and the service is good.
Hits the spot when you're craving some chicken tikka masala and garlic naan. There was a weird smell when we went, and the service was very rushed because there's always people waiting, so it wasn't the best atmosphere.
Great food. Seating was uncomfortable and wait was long, but all worth it.
Definatley favorite Indian food in the city, I have been to an actual restaurant only once, however I am regularly get take outs and deliveries from these guys. It is been for more then 1,5 years and I never have been disappointed.
Ready quickly and food tastes good. Portions on Thali are on the bigger side.  In walking distance of Central Park.  On second floor and steps are steep so ensure every one in your party can navigate steps.
I had high expectations for this place based on the review however I was not a fan of the flavour of the Curry . The ban was good and the service was excellent. The taste was just not for me ! I normally like Indian food but here it was just okay.
This place is alright but doesn't deserve 4.5 stars. We liked the chicken tikka masala and saag paneer, but I've had better. Raita was horrible. It was sweetened yogurt, and we didn't find any cucumber in it. Kheer was good. Golab Jamoon was a disappointment. The prices are pretty low though, so in terms of quality per dollar this place is a winner.
Came with my girlfriend on our weekend getaway trip to New York and loved it. The restaurant is on the second floor, and I recommend that you seat towards the end of the establishment(by the window) for great views.
Must have come on a bad day, or maybe people have standards which are too low.While apparently they have a lunch special, it was not offered. While they apparently do take card, it was cash only on the day I visited. Kind of a weak performance.Anyway, I had a Chicken Makhani with medium spiciness. The spiciness did not register at all, and the curry tasted slightly too strongly of tomatoes overall. However my primary contention lies primarily with the texture of the chicken, which felt and tasted extremely rubbery. I feel like this is either due to sourcing poor quality chicken, or due to the fact that this chicken has been left sitting to stew in the curry far too long, leading to it's current texture.The servers here are pretty attentive. I've noticed that Indian waters are particularly judicious about hovering nearby with water, due to the nature of the food at Indian places... so that was quite nice. However there were more downsides than upsides, so overall a negative experience.Will come back only if they bring back their credit card payment system, along with their lunch special.
Stumbled upon this eatery while walking around and was pleasantly surprised by how tasty the food is.  The portions were just right, the surprise part was checking in and getting a free naan, because I love naan and would have purchased it regardless, so that was a nice treat! This place filled up very quickly on a late afternoon, and the amount of people waiting on a table was simply too much.  I can understand, because the food was great for the price too.  Would definitely go back to try a different dish and to get the free naan, as my incentive :).
Very good indian food.We had the lunch pack which is 9.95 for 2 dishes from a nice menu selection, includong lamb chiken and vegetarian,plus rice and chapatie bread(naan?).We enjoyed everything here including the music which is culm and othentic. The peaple here are freindly and in good mood.
I will not waste 20 lines in describing the ambience and service and other stuff.Food : ok. Not so great. Just usual indian eateryService: fastCustomer service: goodCharges : considering its in nyc i will say price was justifiedMango lassi : Didn't like it. Could have been way better. Actually i make delicious mango-drink than that.
Got the $9 lunch special with basmati rice (comes with 4 pieces of naan) + chicken vindaloo + lamb curry (extra $1). I ordered via delivery.com in order to get 10% off my first order at Bengal Tiger and also had a referral code to get $7 off first order. Indian food is actually heavier than it looks because of the thick sauces full of butter and cream.. so the portion is definitely enough for 2 meals if you control your inner piggy.Everything was good, not exceptional, but exactly what I expected. I preferred the lamb curry over the chicken vindaloo, which was actually really really spicy....Recommended especially for lunch, but don't go out of your way for it.
Faux Indian foodI think NYC being such a melting pot and cuisine from all over the world it is time to have a separate category - Faux Cuisine.Labelling restaurants would help patrons avoid disappointment of walking into a place expecting authentic ethnic food. One can walk into such places with the comfort of enjoying food to their own taste buds without a glimpse of thought if the place even serves anything that can be termed as Indian/Italian or whatever the place claims to be.About the food, I had the veg lunch platter with panner makhani and aloo-gobi(cauliflower w/ potatoes). Quite a few cauliflower florets were undercooked and the paneer makhni was pale  flavorless as it can get. I just couldn't curse myself enough was opting to get lunch here based on a colleagues recommendation and the misleading Yelp reviews - sorry fellow yelpers I have to very strongly disagree with ya'll regarding this place.Verdict - If this food is Indian food then I must be a Honolulu native. NOT GOING BACK HERE
Excellent food in neighborhood atmosphere. Reasonable prices for the area, and a prix fixe that is good value. Aromatic and balanced sauces, well cooked meats, and fantastic naan!
So I came here because my friend wants to try it and from my own experience for Indian Cusine around the states this wasn't bad but it's also not that good, not satisfied with the service and the food price isn't worth it and I felt that when I first entry the place. If I would try an Indian food in NYC there are more better options and worth to pay more. The taste is just average or little below average.
I got the expensive, but appropriately priced for NYC 3 course Prix Fix with Pakora, Lamb Vindaloo & Kheer, and then some garlic Naan, and a Mango Lassi. The Naan was good, the Pakora was good, the Kheer was good, as was the Lassi! The Lamb was not tender and rather tough & chewy which spoilt the otherwise good Vindaloo. Unfortunately despite them giggling and asking twice if i am sure I want the very hot Vindaloo, the Vindaloo was medium spicy. Not at all like a british/kiwi curry. I knew I should have gone to curry row. Ok meal, not recommended.
This is a self service restaurant close by our hotel. Order, pick up your meal and drop off when you're done. Food came out quickly and we didn't have to wait to find a seat on a Thursday around 2pm. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, Chana masala and lentil soup. Chicken was a bit dry but both sauces had great flavor. The lentil soup was flavorless though. My hubby ordered the lamb and beef vindaloo and garlic naan and he thought it was good. All in all it was a pleasant experience with decent food but not the best I've ever had.
The lunch pak was really good - saag paneer and chicken korma.  The 3 stars instead of 4 is because their kheer was horrible.
Oh wow what a find! Stopped in today for lunch and loved it! Don't be alarmed by the entrance to this place it looks like you're going into somebody's apartment! Food is fantastic! Ordered the chicken Tikka masala medium and it was delicious with a nice portion size. I also ordered a side of Naan which was perfectly crispy and yet soft and fresh. Prices are about what you would expect with the Tikka and nann coming to around 20 dollars. Excellent restaurant with wonderful food and quick courteous service.
This place is decent at best. It is a midtown Indian restaurant that takes a crack at the Indian food gig. I got the lunch special but I wasn't pleased with it. The naan was soggy and very thin. The chicken tikka seemed watered down. The paneer was not marinated enough. It was subpar to most other places I've been in NYC. If you're really really really craving it, it will get you there but I give it a C in my books.
I ordered delivery to my hotel. Ordered Chicken Korma medium spice and raita. Chicken Korma had no heat to it, and even less flavor. A bland gravy. Raita was a thick yogurt, can't really complain on that. Delivery prompt. Did not leave an impression. There are so many other places to try!
2nd time here and just as delicious as the first!  Great recommendation by a co-worker.
Hidden Gem! Located on the 2nd floor away from the street level view. Came on a Sunday night, had to wait about 15 minutes for a table.Ordered the Keema Samosa (minced beef and green peas), Garlic Naan and Lamb Vindaloo. Keema Samosa was nice and lightly crunchy on the outside. Very well rounded taste.Garlic Naan was decent, thought it could have used more garlic and oil (or butter).Lamb Vindaloo was by far and away the best item of the meal. For the first time ever (for me, that is), there were no potatoes to offset the heat. Yay!!! That means a little more lamb for which I prefer. Overall, this is a really good, reasonable prices restaurant. Will come back again soon!
Ordered take out as I was in the neighborhood passing by while running an errand.  Had the lunch special chicken tikka masala, was really good.  Spice level was great.Only negative take away was I asked if I can get a small bite size sample of their chicken vindaloo, also from their lunch special, since I've never had it and wanted to see if it might be too spicy for me to go ahead and order it.  But they refused to let me have a small sample.But what I did order was really good.
Underwhelming given the rave reviews i saw.  The saag paneer was definitely fresh and well made but that was about it. Rice was dry and lacked flavor, chicken vindaloo was in a heavy tomato sauce with no heat, chicken tikka bland and dry.
Serving size is generous, dishes well spiced .  We each got the three course meal for $22 each.  We both got a somosa (mine the veggie and his was the lamb) which came with the green and red sauce, they were good.  I had the chicken kouma and he got the chicken masala.  I ended up liking his masala better and he ended up liking my kouma more.  So it worked out well.  Ended with the keer which was great!
Chicken tikka masala-very good. Very tender chicken, but of average quality. Very savory curry. A little spicy. Excellent with naan bread. Garlic naan-delicious. Very chewy and flavorful. Kheer-very good. Not too sweet. Good balance between the ingredients. Mild taste with a hint of cinnamon.
Bengal Tiger is tucked on the second floor of a row of other restaurants next to Uncle Jack's and a sushi restaurant. They have a prix fixe option where you can get an entree, appetizer and dessert for $22, which is relatively cheap for Indian food, at least by Chicago standards. They also have a free naan with check-in on Yelp deal that we took full advantage of and got some delicious garlic naan topped with tons of garlic. For my entree I got my go-to paneer makhani and it came full of paneer squares which was a welcome surprise as some other places really skimp on it. The curry was a bit thinner than I would've liked but they customized the spice level to what I asked for and it was still tasty on a cold day.
This was highly reviewed and had good ratings so on a lazy night after my conference I decided to not step out and order from here to my room. I was majorly dissappointed by Most of the food.To start with, the delivery was super fast and arrived earlier than what Eat24 said. What arrived was also decently warm. The vegetable samosas were delicious and very authentic. They arrived hot and crispy. They were covered in too much oil and the entire brown Bag they came in looked drenched in oil. So maybe dabbing them on a towel or something before putting them in a bag would have been good. Everything else I ordered was barely average and did not have authentic flavor. I got chicken tikka masala, which just had a very different flavor then I've ever tried and not in a good way. The chicken pieces were big and a bit difficult to chew. Saag paneer was not the gravy kind, and paneer pieces were too hard and flavorless. The breads - cilantro naan and onion naan were to chewey and not soft. The spice was appropriate on everything and if you are looking for basic indian spicy then getting thier spicy food would be good, and no need to go for thier very spicy option.But if you are looking for authentic Indian taste then I wouldn't want here.
Bengal Tiger has delicious Indian food with great service. My friends and I walked in and waited a couple of minutes for a table. The staff was very friendly and answered all our questions. We ordered some a vegetable and a lamb samosas, chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, and tandoori chicken, and two orders of the garlic naan. Each dish was savoury and rich. The dishes had distinct spices and flavours; the vindaloo was spicy and the korma was creamy. The tandoori chicken was juicy and seasoned well. The dishes are great for sharing and the portions are fairly large. We were stuffed at the end of the meal.The restaurant is also BYOB with a cork fee. However, they waived our cork fee, which was so nice of them as we were celebrating a friend's birthday.I definitely recommend this gem in busy Midtown as a great lunch or dinner spot.
Love this place! The hype is real. I have ordered the "Lunch Pack" twice now and both times were great! Their sauces are full of flavor and the portion is perfect - actually, it's perfect for leftovers. I always get 2 meals out of it. I love their chicken tikka masala and their veggie samosas...the veggie pakora was also good...just extremely greasy.I would choose the samosa over the pakora. For ordering on Seamless (delivery) there is a $20 minimum and 2 lunch packs come to $19.49...........so I would recommend an extra $5 for the samosas :)This is my go to "treat" lunch. I will have to try the lamb next time.
My date loves this place so I'll send him to write a better review but I don't know it was just ok to me not memorable and even tho AC was on it was hot, and when I went to use their bathroom it was so hot in there I didn't even use it. also at the time the debit machine wasn't working they said they had signs but I didn't see any
Great food and service! I enjoyed my chicken tikka masala, vegetable samosa, and garlic naan. Everything was seasoned well. My friend enjoyed her Biryani rice. It wasn't on the menu, but she requested it and they made it. The restaurant is small, so seating can be tight. The waiter was friendly. Pretty busy on a Sat. night, so expect a wait. I'll be back!
Long wait but the food was worth it. The staff was nice and accommodating. The food definitely hit the spot as we were starving...
I didn't like it.  The sauces weren't delicious like normally at Indian restaurants you literally want to lick up all of it.  Other reasons:1) not many choices.  2) The hallway and stairs to the place stink3) Only mango lassi, not regular. 4) They don't serve all the delicious sauces and condiments that normally come with it.  5) The rice was very dry - seemed old.6) The curry flavors were not very layered or complex.Also, the service was not very friendly, I felt like they were trying to rush us out of the restaurant.   we had the chicken tikka masala, the cauliflower and the eggplant dishes.  All were not that flavorful or very tasty.
The appetizer was tasty. The poppadum, naan and Spinach was very good. The wait staff were kind and the overall experience was a delight.
The food was amazing! We really enjoyed! Thank you. We'll definitely come back:)Good luck!
Came here with my mom on last Friday..immediately I was already hooked from the ambiance..I'm a vegan and the chef made sure to tell me what I could get that he can change it up..Incant remember the name but I did get some cauliflower and broccoli mix with wheat naan.. soo good! Def. recommend this place!
Don't judge a restaurant by the outside as I've learned many times. Great delicious food and attentive service you'll enjoy a nice meal at an affordable price. The mid spicy wasn't as intense as I expected so go for spicy if you like a little more heat. Get there early as you might have a short wait.
My daughter and I met up in NYC for the weekend.  This would be our first trip, of many, together in NY.  She kept asking about a delicious spot we should go to.  And there we went.  It was unbelievably delicious...and the customer service...TOP NOTCH.  I think by now you Guys know how much I adore going into a place where the customer service is delightful!  This place is amazing.  When you get an opportunity to go to NY, please stop by and have some lunch or dinner.  You will be glad that you did.
Very good service and food taste good. Very narrow seats but what can you expect, when you are in the heart on Manhattan looking for an affordable meal.
The best Indian food I've had in the city. Keema samosas to die for. Extremely friendly staff, fresh ingredients. Everything was great here. Definitely recommended
We were there about 9pm on a Sunday night and there was a wait so we opted for takeout to bring back to the hotel room. It was fantastic! We had chicken tikka masala (our standard go to dish) and garlic naan. Portions were very generous and delicious sauce to have with the basmati rice and naan...yum! The service was also great, very pleasant workers who made it a point to greet us upon entering and thanking us and wishing us a good evening as we left. Those are the little things that cost nothing but make the experience so much better and make you want to come back. It was a little tight and dark but festive and lively.
Excellent lunch specials and overall great food, particularly the chicken korma and tikka masala. The chicken is tender and the sauces are flavorful and hearty without being syrupy or shitty and pair perfectly with the rice they give you on the side. Naan is warm, fresh, and crispy in the right places. Environment- casual, gets loud during lunchtime and seating can fill up but they have pretty ample seating if it's not primetime during the week. Even then you can usually find a table within a few minutes. Food can sometimes take some time to come out, but everything else counters this. They give you free cups of water too with the meal. Good size portions
Yummy food and fantastic service. Cute spot on the 2nd floor. We had Chicken Tikka Masala, Vegetable Korma and Samosas. All were outstanding with the perfect spice level and reasonably priced.
Just good Indian food in midtown. No frills, simple Indian restaurant with great food on the second floor. Small space with not many tables. The decoration and ambience is nothing special. But the food is Awesome
Not much to complain about. Came here with my husband for a quick workday lunch. Line was short, food came out quickly, and my meal was ~$11 (I opted for brown rice instead of basmati, which I think is an extra charge but I'm not sure). I got the chicken tikka masala and aloo gobi, which came with rice and naan.
I don't linger around midtown too often but I found myself there today. Bengal tiger popped up on my app and I knew that this was where I would satisfy my hunger and that it did.Check in for free naan (they give you 4 pieces so it's a pretty good deal!)Made my way upstairs around 1pm and inside it was pretty sparse, though around 1:30 it had started to get crowded. The team working there is really quick, friendly and attentive so that was a pleasant surprise. Chicken Tikka Masala was my choice, as it is at most indian food spots. For $15, it was a bit expensive to me, but hey, It was a good tikka. I left the restaurant really full and a little bit sweaty (my tikka order was spicy). Overall, a good experience. Enjoy!
Excellent. 1) This restaurant is one of the best Indian restaurant in NYC. This is coming from an Indian American.2) The lunch specials and prix fixe are excellent. Came here for lunch, got naan, basmati rice, aloo gobi (veg dish), and chicken tikka masala (meat dish) for under 10 bucks. 3) The food is just fantastic and so is the ambiance.
Great reasonably priced Indian food spot in an area where there isn't much affordable restaurants! Bengal Tiger is on the second floor with a very nice decor and very nice tables by the window. The food was great. I wanted to leave a review because the staff was fantastic. We asked them to split the check in a (very) complicated way and they were super accommodating and nice about it. Good food + great service, I will be back. Tip: use the Yelp offer which gives you free naans.
Excellent lunch special here! You get rice, naan, a meat option and a vegetarian option for $10.84 (after tax). The chicken tikka masala and aloo gobi matar are both amazing, and the service is prompt: I waited a total of maybe four minutes for my food. This place is much more popular than I expected, as quite a few professionals came in during the lunch hour. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the neighborhood!
My fiance and I ate here when we were visiting NYC during Christmas. We saw the great reviews and we were starving so we dropped in and were immediately able to get seats. The place is tiny so it's something to be mindful of. The service was decent and everyone was very attentive. I thought their naan was really good and we had the pakora which was absolutely fantastic. I got the chicken tikki masala and I was a little disappointed. The chicken was just a little disappointing and strange in my opinion. Tasted really overcooked. Anyways other than that it was decent and would recommend but was definitely not the best Indian I've had.
Dinner for 2 with lassi and tip was ~$60. Quality of the food was excellent. We asked for medium to mildly spicy out of caution. It was mild. Next time I'd go for medium. Chicken was very tender, poppadoms were nice and crispy. Service was decent. I'll come back the next time I am in the area.
As good as the food is it just never sits well in my stomach. It bloats me up like a puffer fish after about five bites. I already had the lamb vindaloo and the chicken saag and sampled the chicken tikka. The latter I think has the least chance of causing bloating . All taste good but my preference of the three is the chicken tikka. Their pakora appetizer is quite delicious but not so much the mulligatawny soup. You could opt for the soup though if you were considering the lentils as a side. It's basically the same thing and cheaper . Finally , my Indian restaurant staple drink ,the mango lassi was always served abit warmer than I'd like but the taste is on point .  Service here has always been great and I 100% recommend calling ahead before going because they are almost always packed.
It was expensive but each dish comes with rice, the naan is delicious, the waiters were very nice despite the fact that we spent a really long time there, and it was overall pretty amazing Indian food!
This is super good food. The portions are also sizable. We did the Vindaloo Chicken Tikka, which was different, and the saag paneer (definitely get it spicy). The only downside, which was not a problem since we went for lunch, was that while it is BYO, the corkage fees are a little much. It was $5 per bottle for wine, and $2 per bottle of beer. We will definitely be back though...
As a fordham student with a lack of affordable eating options in the columbus circle area, I was pleased to discover bengal tiger. The food here runs about 12-15 for a VERY large entree. Their chicken tikka and naan is bomb...which is what I always get at indian restaraunts so I have developed a taste for this dish. My dining companion, who was gluten free, got the lentil chip appetizer and really enjoyed it!
Wow. I just ordered from here after seeing all the good reviews. What a find! I got garlic naan, samosas, and chicken tikka masala and everything was DELICIOUS like really really good! I asked for them to make the tikka masala spicy and it came with the perfect amount of heat nice and fiery but not overpowering so that you couldn't taste the flavor. The chicken itself was really good nice chunks of good chicken. I will most definitely be ordering from here lots more! Great meal!
Delicious lunch box with tons of food. Not too pricey and not long of a wait. I'll definitely be back!
Very friendly staff and absolutely fantastic food! If you love Indian food, then you need to eat here!
As an Indian this restaurant doesn't have any authentic flavor you would typically find at s good Indian restaurant. It works for non- Indians that cannot handle to much spice or flavor. It's like "Tex-mex" for Indian food. I wouldn't eat there again.
Our local Indian restaurant. We love this place. Ordering is fast and easy and the food always tastes great! They're also super friendly, I made the mistake of hitting the pick up button when I ordered and they called to let me know my order was ready. I told them I made a mistake and asked if they would still deliver, they agreed without any problems and I got our food very shortly after.
The food is absolutely delicious and quite affordable. I opted in for the 3 Course Prix Fix for $17.95. It was an excellent deal since one regular entree is ~15 anyway. For my appetizer, I chose the lamb spring roll and to my surprise it was quite larger than you would expect when you get a spring roll. - More like the size of an egg-roll at a Chinese takeout place. The lamb spring roll was placed on top of some type of green and white sauce which I'm not so sure what it is, but it was quite spicy so I did not even bother using the sauce. I was able to try half of my friend's Vegetable Samosa (pea and potato) and it was also pretty big as well and delish!The Tikka Masala is pretty good. It had been awhile since I last had Indian food, so I decide to go with the regular.  It was a very creamy and savory. The chicken pieces were ginormous. The amount of food was a decent; I still had leftovers which of course I took. Definitely would love to come back and try all the other entrees. - Definitely would love to try the lunch pack since it seems like it is such a great deal.
Very tasty food and good ambience. I definitely recommend kimma samosa in appetizer and kheer in desert. Any main dish is equally amazing! Also stuffs are good a helpful.
I'm Indian and I've lived in Manhattan for 15 years. Whenever my non-Indian friends have asked me (until today) what's my favorite Indian restaurant, I've said "none".  But today I discovered Bengal Tiger and had some of the best Indian food I've ever had on the continent. The service was impeccable, the food- exquisite. I recommend the tandoori chicken tikka and the Chana masala with a side of onion naan. And don't forget the samosas!
Went here on a double date, and we were here quite early as compared to Indian dining standard time! At 6:10 pm, on a Thursday evening, this place wasn't that busy. We got a pretty good window table at this restaurant. We were also carrying 3 bottles of white wine.. yeps, its a BYOB place and they don't charge a corkage fee.We ordered some Papad to munch on and 2 servings of the Chicken Malai Kabab and Samosas. Papad was just about OK, but the chutney served with papad added good taste! Malai Kabab's were really nice, well marinated and well cooked. Didn't try the samosa, but my colleagues wife thoroughly enjoyed it!For entrees, we got Chana Masala, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Korma, Chicken Saag and Tandoori Chicken Tikka. All entrees were just fabulous and really tasty. Also, all entrees were served with rice!The server made a mistake with our order. We had ordered a Roti's but were served Naan.. however, they corrected their mistake and gave us Roti's and didn't take the Naan back! I say, that's good service! So service-wise absolutely no complaints.By the time we were ready to leave, it was about 8:30 pm and there were plenty of people waiting in line to be seated; so yes, it started getting quite busy around 7:45 pm. Overall, we had a great time and the food was really nice too!
Great lunch place. It was packed, but they were really fast. Lots of food for the money too. The saag paneer was very good, lots of paneer cheese. The lamb vindaloo is good, but very spicy. The chicken korma was very good, no heat, and my kids liked it. The curry was good too, just a little heat.
We had high hopes for this place after seeing the overall Yelp stars but found the food to be quite average in flavors in comparison to the many other options in Manhattan. I personally find Indian food to be amazing in NYC and likely second to only London. We had the paneer makhni (farmer's cheese), which was bland and the curry was watery. The rice wasn't fresh but the naan was amazing. The service was short and lacking any welcome or warmth.
I guess we can assume any restaurant in NYC that dares to operate on a hidden second floor and manages to stay in business deserves some credits. Good food, fast line, friendly service, affordable price. We went in on a Saturday night without reservation and still were able to be seated in 25 minutes. The Mango Lasi was addictive.
Bravo to Bengal Tiger for the exceptions customer service.Truly am impressed not only by the quality of their food but how they handle customer requests. Thank you once again for the great experience! Only place I order Indian food when I want high quality and great service.
Nothing to complain about here! BYOB ($5 un-corking fee), great food, great service! The only con is that it is a small place and they don't take reservations.I went in at around 8PM and waiting 20ish minutes for a table for 2. We were able to drink our wine as we waited for the table to help pass the time. Food:- Mango lassie (YUM - enough to split between 2 people)- Pakora - (onion and spinach) never had this before but very tasty- Veggie Samosa - not the best I've had, but still tasted ok - don't think I would order this again next time I come here- Makhani - DELISH (although didn't come with very much chicken) and loved putting all the rice in there to soak up the sauce to have as leftovers the next dayService:- Always kept our water glasses filled - Super nice!- Quick service (wants to turn tables over relatively quickly to get through the customers, but never ever felt rushed)
I love this Indian restaurant. Small hole in the wall place with amazing quality! I've had the chicken tiki masala and the vindaloo and both were great. I just wish the masala could be spicier but I know since it's a cream based it's difficult to do. I got 9/10 spice level and still wasn't spicy. Also got the garlic naan. I have been here 3 times and each time has been great! I tried a lot of other Indian restaurants in New York but this was by far the best. Highly recommend. Also to can bring wine but there is a corkage fee.
Went there for lunch. The food was below-average Indian food that you find in every other average Indian restaurant. I was really hoping to have some Bengali food which does not even on the menu. I'm totally disappointed. I could have gone to any restaurant across the US for this kind of Indian food. New York deserves better.
Great $20 price fix dinner menu with appetizer + entree + dessert. The restaurant is small and doesn't accept reservations, so recommend coming during off hours. I came on a Sat night for 4 seat table at 6:30pm and had to wait approx 45 minutes.Appetizer - get the Vegetable Samosa and/or Pakora onion and spinach fritters. Both very good.Entree - chicken tikka and the mahkani chicken had a very similar taste; the mahkani being a little more buttery. Enjoyed bothDessert - the only choice you have is the Kheer cashewnut rice pudding which had too much of a sweet, nutty texture for my liking.TIPS: 1) BYOB!! Go a few stores down to the Japanese grocery store to pick your drink. 2) Check in on YELP and get a free naan (recommend garlic).
We ordered delivery from our hotel.  The wait time was less than expected, and the food was delicious.
Small Indian restaurant off the beaten path in New York. It was well worth the 30 minute wait. The staff was super friendly and the food was so tasty
Great indian food at a great value. The lunch special is one of the best lunch deals in this area -- you get your choice of rice, naan and any two dishes for around $9, and the amount of food you receive can easily be split into two meals (but let's be honest, if you're hungry you will probably finish it all, because it's delicious). The only downside is that during lunchtime, you aren't able to make as many customizations (i.e. when you order for dinner, you have more control over spice level, etc.) The samosas here are also to die for. As someone who prefers to eat vegetarian most days, this place really hits the spot. The location is a little strange though, as you do have to walk up a narrow stairway to get in, and it can get super crowded during lunch time as this place is not very large. Still worth it to get your Indian food fix, and I would recommend this spot to anyone.
Actual Rating: 4.5 StarsBengal Tiger is definitely one of the better Indian places in New York. My friend and I were wandering around one day when we stumbled upon this spot. It's a great balance between price, quality of food, and portion size.The portion size is great. We ordered the korma, tikki masala, naan, and rice -- it was more than enough food for two people. Everything was well made and full of flavor. The best part is that it is actually spicy. Both of us were so grateful anytime our waiter came around to refill our water. The best part? The lunch box deal. Yeah, I'll take the subway one stop on my lunch break to get it. It's less than ten dollars for the choice of two sides, basmati rice, and naan. I recommend this place for sure. Can you open a spot in East Village?
What a deal in Midtown! I didn't know I could get full on something in this area without breaking the wallet. They have lunch specials for $9.95 where you get 2 options and the food is definitely enough for lunch. Their naan is good, but their roti is not (it's hard). Friendly service and always has a decent crowd.
Bengal Tiger is one of two restaurants I make sure to visit every time I am in New York. While the price of the prix fixe has increased by $5 in the last two years, $21.95 for a three-course meal is still one of the best values in Midtown. The food is authentic, and everything I have tried has been satisfying. Beyond the food, the option to bring your own drink is appreciated - I always stop at the Asian grocer just up the block - and the hole-in-the-wall ambience is great.
I came here as a last minute find on a Saturday evening, but I'm happy I found it! It's on the second floor, and a pretty small place, probably enough space to sit maybe 30 people. It was just 2 of us, and unfortunately we waited about 30 min for a seat. Upon sitting down we immediately told them we were ready to order so we didn't have to wait any longer. I didn't know this going in, but they are BYOB, so if you want any alcohol, bring it yourself. They do charge a small cork fee, I think around $2.50 per bottle. We got the Keema Somosa as an app. So good and so full of flavor. Meat somosas are probably my favorite type of Indian food. We also got Chicken Tikki Masala and garlic naan. Both were very good. So it took us a while to be seated, but once we were seated, everything was great timing. Despite me being in the Upper East Side, I think I may have found my new go to Indian restaurant for eating there.
My wife and I love Indian food and we were celebrating a new job so we decided to come here. We started off with the Pakoras, which were very good, and then had the Paneer Makhani and the Veggie Tikka Masala. The Paneer was great but we weren't blown away by the Veggie Tikka Masala.Oh -- and the server brought our son a complimentary Mango Lassi which was very nice. He loved it.
Pretty good Indian food! Only issue being a non-new Yorker is that tables are so close to each other you could literally hear the next tables conversation or hear them chewing while you wait for your food to come out. It's not ideal if you are a heavy person trying to squeeze in to sit down. Service was not bad. Bathroom is unisex and the smell was of urine when you walk in. They need a freshener cuz God knows after eating Indian food you don't want to go in the bathroom after someone's been inside for quite awhile lol. But overall food was good.
Very good, delicious and a VERY good price when you go to lunch time.Would never found this without yelp, cause tje entrance is kinda hidden. When you like indian food, go for it!!
On recommendation to Bengal Tiger ..called in for lunch ..had to wait only few minutes before being seated ..   staff very helpful in advising Wat to have ....AMIT ..one of the waiters  was very attentive to all customers and was very proffesional in advising me Wat dishes on the menu  he would recommend .as I wasn't sure Wat to order ...Although all the staff were extremely busy nothing was too much trouble ....I ended up having the chicken saag dish with beautiful garlic Nan . ..  mango lassi ..etc ..everything was very tasty and delicious ..will definately be going again before going home to England .
This was an outstanding Indian food experience. Service was outstanding! We had chicken tikka (so tender) vegetable korma, chicken masala. The naan bread was perfect! Cute small serving bowls, lots of people giving service but not annoying. Great reasonable prices. It's at the top of a staircase but it's worth it! Sooo good!
Best Indian food Ive had in a very long time.  Had the lamb Vindaloo, enough spice to let you know this is the real deal, but not enough to blow your head off!  Chicken tikka was mild and flavorful, the daal was real tasty!  Great hole in the wall spot!  Blocks from the park.
Amazing food! Cozy place serving amazing food ! Must visit, you can't go wrong !!! The mint chutney and samossas are what we tried and they were fresh and amazing !
I don't know much about Indian food but I enjoyed Bengal's 3-course meal for about $18. I think that is a reasonable price, especially for the area. Apparently their lunch set is also affordable at $8.95. Their menu is simple and easy to understand, even for someone as clueless about Indian cuisine as I am. Mr. Joy & his cousin chose the vegetable samosas to start. I chose the Pakora. (not pictured...so unlike me)Vegetable samosas - pea & potato turnovers: packed with flavor, crunchy, tasty, and pretty bigPakora - onion & spinach fritters: I liked the fritters even better than the samosas, because I am not a big fan of peas. Though the fritters look oddly misshapen, they taste pretty good. Again, packed with flavor, & crunchy.For the entree, we went with Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Makhani, and Lamb Vindaloo. Tikka Masala - light cream tomato sauce, grilledMakhani - clay-oven cooked, buttery sweet tomato sauceI couldn't really tell the difference between these two sauces. They were both pretty good.Vindaloo - spicy sundried red chili sauce.The lamb vindaloo sure was spicy and I only had a couple of bites. I liked that the spices took out the game flavor lamb, but I knew I wouldn't be able to continue eating it without lighting a fire in my mouth. No one finished the vindaloo, but we tried.Kheer - cashewnut rice pudding: the only dessert option. I enjoyed its light milky flavor. It helped take away the heavy overpowering flavors lingering in my mouth. I'm glad we found this place. It is almost hidden. Once you find the location, you go up a flight of stairs and through the tiger door into a narrow eating space. Good thing we didn't have to wait more than a few minutes for a table, because there isn't really a space to stand while you wait.
Out on a whim, I came across this place one night. And I'm glad I did. Initially it was suppose to be a quick bite, but when I arrived I was impressed by the attentive staff. It can be busy, so sometimes there is a wait, but it's completely worth it. The food was delicious! I took the deal (one appetizer, entree, and dessert). It was really worth it. I highly recommend this spot!
The lamb dish was great and so was the bread. The spinach dish wasn't so great. The ambience is also lacking. Like others said, this place has to step up its game to keep up with the amazing food choices in this city.
The reviews were so amazing for this place and I love Indian food, so decided to check it out for a quick lunch while visiting NYC.  I hate to admit it, but this place is just ok - reasonable prices, but the food was average.  I had the aloo gobi, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan (dry and crusty) and a mango lassi (delicious).  Hoping that I just visited on an off day and that is not the norm!
Great lunch special, for less than $10 you get rice, naan and 2 proteins. Between my husband and I, we had the curry, tikka and vindaloo (one lamb, one chicken). I think the tikka was the best sauce. Very informal, quick service, as you order at the counter, then wait for your # to be called.
Food was good and home made style. Service too was exceptional.chicken vindloo was spicy but very good. Gulab jamun (dessert) was disappointing though.
This is probably the laziest preparation of indian food I have ever seen. The vegetables they use in the curries (whether tikka masala or korma) were undercooked, and didn't include the range of vegetables they should have. The curries themselves were water-thin and taste like they came out of a grocery store "simmer sauce". The spices were too simple and missed what should have been in it. It's clear they have giant pots of sauce and just throw in vegetables or chicken or meat into it without even absorbing the flavor because the sauces were exactly the same. The naan wasn't the right consistency. Nowhere near the simultaneous fluffyness and crispiness they should have. Absolutely will not eat their food again. Not one of the dishes was worth finishing, let alone ordering again.
If you are an Indian you might not like this place... Americanised version of Indian food. Service is way too slow. Expensive for the quantity served. Amazed there was a huge wait line on a weekday. Looks like non-Indians like this place and. Go only if you are not an Indian.This review is from an Indian perspective...
Pretty great. I was dying for Indian food coming in, and I got served. I tried several appetizers, which were both amazing. The chicken and lamb meals that I took were also perfect. Decent price. Very satisfied. Will go again.
One extra star because they tried to work this out.I ordered delivery. The containers were greasy on the outside and inside. When containers are greasy on the inside (not from the food), this is an indication of bad handling or cross-contamination.Some of the food also had the taste of insect spray. Not insects themselves, the spray used to kill them.The yogurt in the mango lassi had the smell of rotten milk. It took a sip and it was inedible. It was replaced by gulab jamun, which had the taste and smell of insect spray.The milk in the kheer was also old. I tasted it and it could not be eaten.Long story long, the restaurant tried to make it right. And you can tell they're nice people. But there are problems with their processes.It was disappointing because the saag paneer uses real spinach. Many (most) Indian restaurants will use canned or frozen. Best of luck.
Amazing value at this 2nd floor hidden gem. The lunch special is only $9.50 and comes with two dishes, rice and naan. I'm usually tempted to order an additional side, like maligatawny or samosas, but honestly the portions are very large and filling without the sides!The alo gobi (cauliflower, potatoes and peas) comes in a tomato sauce and is slightly spicy. The chicken tikka marsala is fresh, juicy, creamy and full of that hearty goodness you are looking for. Look out, the chicken vindaloo is spicy! Would recommend a variety of meat and vegetable dishes. Everything is spiced perfectly and slow cooked. Service is excellent, and there is ample seating. Plus they rock out to some authentic Indian tunes, so you kinda feel like you're in a spa. Satisfy that Indian craving!
Found this little secret of paradise. We arrived on a Saturday afternoon at 5pm and were seated right away.  The food was amazing! Garlic nan melts in your mouth. When we left there were people lined up outside the door.
Great curry options and great portion. We ordered Lamb Curry and Chicken Vindaloo for delivery, along with veggie samosa and mango lassi. I usually dislike chicken breast meat used for curry, but the meat in my vindaloo was surprisingly tender for chicken breast. I requested very spicy, which I have to admit, got a decent amount of heat but not to the point it's inedibly spicy. My husband's lamb curry had some great flavors, and the lamb was very tender. My only suggestion to this place is to hire someone competent for delivery. I mean if there's an apartment number listed on the order, it should be very self-explanatory. Unfortunately our delivery guy was beyond my comprehension. He was on my floor, there are pretty obvious signs on the wall showing which apartment is on which side, so I was very confused why it took him 5+min plus 3 phone calls to me to find our apartment. I mean I don't live in a maze, what do you want me to do, give you detailed Google map instructions from wherever you are at to my apartment? Anyways, please please hire someone who can read apartment numbers so I can order again.
Went there for a quick lunch. They had launch combos which you can pay for 13 bucks if I remember right and you got to choose two types of curries. We had two people so we got to choose four different kinds of curries. I did not really like their vegetable curry - the spicy lamb was pretty good. they gave out one nang per order. Here is the point I am a huge nang fan but I think their nang is too hard (over-baked).
Where to begin? The food was truly excellent. If not the best Indian I've ever had, definitely top 3. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan. Both were amazing. To top it all off there was no wait when I came (Tuesday 8:30pm) and received excellent service while there. My cup was never empty, my meal arrived promptly, when finished they quickly cleaned my table and brought my check. The ambience was very comfy and would be great for small groups, a date, or even by yourself. All of that for $20, great deal in NYC.I would strongly recommend a visit.
It's a few blocks from Moma, on the second floor above the bike rental. Small restaurant looks like it might seat ~30. Very attentive service. Even though it was a busy lunch period, the food came out fast, and the staff always made sure our glasses had water. The lunch special is $23 for 3 courses which I think is ok for that area. Not amazing but ok. The appetizer lamb samosa however was amazing.  Ordered the lamb entree which was not bad - it seemed very authentic. Came with side of rice. The rice pudding dessert was underwhelming. Overall would recommend this Indian restaurant if already in that neighborhood.
Amazing food!!! The only one reason why I am giving it 4 stars is hopefully someone sees this and improves this one flaw I found and that is I couldn't try everything. Meaning they need to do a sampler so I can try more. I wanted so much more but by eyes, stomach and wallet couldn't handle it. So my one suggestion is that they need to have a sampler so we can try more that just one dish. There were 3 other single diners here this evening and they probably wanted to try more too.With all that said. I had the chicken Korma delightful! With the Cilantro Naan and Coconut Naan (hence I wanted to try many different foods) both Naans were really good. Also had the Lamb Samosa which was awesome! The green sauce is a a Cilantro based and it was . Overall great place! Great Service! Amazing food!
This is a great place for quick bite or lunch in NYC. We tried their lunch paneer enter and garlic nan with rice. It turned out pretty well and mango milkshake was awesome. Service was gWould definitely return here once i am in NYC.Tip: restaurant is located on upper floor. Be aware where it's located, walking down the street it's easy to walk over without noticing it.
I didn't expect this area to have a great Indian restaurant! My dinner experience here was quite lovely. I came here on a Friday nigh with a friend.Service: The servers were really nice and attentive. Ambiance/Space: This is located on the second floor which was a little different. It is definitely a cozy restaurant and can be a cute date spot. They even had a cute little candle on all the tables.Food: My friend and I started with the vegetable samosas. They were huge and flavorful. For drinks, I got the mango lassi which had the right amount of sweetness. For mains, we shared a chicken tikka masala and the chana saag. Yum! Both came with basmati rice. We also got the garlic naan on the side. Overall, everything was really delicious and not overly spicy. Prices were good as well. We were so full and we probably only had half of our mains.
Wow! Hidden in midtown is this authentic Indian spot! Take the stairway upstairs and wait for a table as you likely will need to wait. But, it's worth it! We waited. We enjoyed. You will too!My only complaint is if you order ten star Indian spicy authentic hot, they won't believe you. Be insistent. Don't take "no" for an answer. And atomic nirvana will be yours! Just order some extra raita on the side and life will be good!
This is my second time coming and I'm so glad I found this place. It's a hidden gem, you have to walk up some unassuming steps. It's a very small place and the wait staff is very on top of the service. Food is delicious! I didn't get to take more pics because we ate it too fast. Definitely go for the Pre fixed menu if you are doing dinner. Samosas, chicken tikka, cilantro nan are my favorite. Check in for a free nan!!
It was my first time coming here and I definitely would come back here again. There's a staircase as soon as you go through the door to get to the restaurant. It's kind of small so I wouldn't say it's good for big groups but it's a good place for a date or to eat with a friend! Their menu is simple with vegetarian & chicken options.I ordered chicken tikka masala & they asked if I wanted it spicy or nonspicy. I ordered spicy but personally didn't find it spicy at all. (I'm Korean so I can tolerate spice to some extent)Also ordered a plain naan! It didn't come with any sauces, which is fine 'cause it tastes really good with the tikka masala sauce.Price is very reasonable too.All the vegetarian options were $14 and all chicken options were $15
Heard about this place from friends. Went today to try it. It's small and cozy, has a warm/authentic atmosphere to it. Staff are really friendly, great service. The food was absolutely delicious. Had vegetable samosa and pakora for appetizers. Vindaloo and tikka masala mains and of course NAAN!! Everything was amazing! Perfectly cooked, hot, tasty and well presented. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants a true Indian experience.
Great Indian food place. Different varieties of naans are fabulous. We ordered lamb dish, yellow daal and paneer. Very satisfying and extremely friendly service. Will definitely be back for another tasting. Their spices count are just right!
This is officially my favorite indian spot! I have been there during lunch weekend (the waiters serve you) and during lunch weekdays (self-serve). I prefer the weekday because of their lunch special which comes with basmati rice, naan, and your choice of two entrees. So far I have tried their keema samosa, chicken tikka masala, chicken makhani, chicken curry, saag paneer, and mango lassi. The servings are huge and filling, the staff are attentive, and the food is delicious!
I needed to be curried out of here... I'll stop. Lassi get started on the review. This place is just two blocks shy of Trump's mayhem induced building, a nice quiet block with a ton of restaurant selections. I have yet to try other restaurants on this block, but if you're looking to get full and have savory food for under $10-15, Bengal Tiger is your spot. I had the Tikki Masala with basmati rice, and with a Yelp check-in, we got an order of garlic naan. Slow your roll when eating the naan, it's very tasty with a soft finish, so your fingers are sure to pick up one after another without realizing you're now full on amazing bread. The chicken masala was out of this world, be careful with the level of spicy, definitely go with the mild even if your tastes can handle a kick. Awesome meal overall.Extra bonus clip: The servers gave us another naan by accident after our main dishes were out, and when we pointed it out, they just shrugged and told us to keep eating. Definitely coming back.
I read a lot of reviews of this place and ended up ordering from this place. I wasn't very impressed by the saag paneer - it was kinda salty. At best I'd give it a 3 star. Also strangely for the name, it doesn't have any real Bengali item on the menu.
India fast food at its very best. Not a place to bring clients. It's an order, pickup and take it back to your table kind of place with good food and a good lunch special.
Holy moly. Came here based on Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. We ordered veggie samosas, chicken korma, lamb saag and plain naan. Like with many Indian restaurants, the entrees come out in very small metal dishes that bely their enormity and fillingness.This was one of the best Indian meals I've had. I ate until I could not eat and then ate some more.
Excellent food with great service!  Small, intimate- perfect for a date. The vindaloo is HOT, but excellent. My wife loved the chicken tikka masala, and the naan was great too!  No alcohol served, unfortunately, would have loved a beer to wash it all down!
Excellent food. Very authentic. Even better customer service. The staff was very engaging and kept entertaining the children.  They even brought complimentary dessert for the kids. Very conveniently located close to Central Park. Expect a wait but it's well worth it. Awesome experience!
I've been here three times for lunch. I always go for the lunch special because it is reasonable for a restaurant in the city. For the lunch special, you get to pick two curry and it comes with rice (with a choice of basmati or brown rice) and about five pieces of naan. If you're picking one curry that taste sweet (like the one with eggplant, I think), I recommend you choose non-sweet curry (like the regular curry) as a second. The second time I ate here, I chose two sweet curry by accident and I got tired of the curry very quickly.
Really great food. Good service. If you like authentic Indian food, you'll like it here.
Worth the lunch special price. However I was a little disappointed after reading all the stellar reviews. I don't see myself returning.
I am an Indian, so my review might be a little baised but its a very ordinary place. Neither the taste nor the service was impressive. The only pro is that its BYOB..
Our go-to dinner spot when shopping along fifth Ave. great food. This second floor restaurant is the real deal. Not a welcoming entry up the austere stairs but great service and Indian food. We love the veggie samosa for appetizer.
4.5 - serving up some high quality curries and naans.  Deserves all the great reviews its been getting.#8.95 lunch special: 2 curries (both veggie and meat but 1$ extra for lamb), naan, rice.  Can't be beat in this area.  #Food:All curries and exceptionally good. Vindaloo IS SPICY just the way you like it. korma is rich and creamy with just the right amount of sweet. Saag is creamy and well flavored with big chungs of paneer. No flaws in the curries. Rice is butter and fresh. Portions are a bit small but you can't complain for 8.95 in midtown. MEAT - chicken a little on the dry side but i'll let it slide. Lamb was very tender and moist as lamb always is. #Overall: a great lunch find, but be careful of food coma when you go back to work.
By far my favorite Indian place in the city........ the vindaloo is amazing but really really spicy. I love the samosas and the chicken tikamasala.....
Super friendly staff, it is my first time eating at bangal tiger Indian restaurant, and I love it!! Foods are very delicious^_^
Great food, great service, great location! Definitely the place to go and get some yummy Indian food! Can't help but give them the 5/5 stars they deserve. Thanks for a great dining experience!
3 course dinner prix fixe for $17.99!! In midtown west, when your tummy starts grumbling, there are really only two options: the high end - pricey dinner options most of which are pretty mediocre, and the fast food chain types (Chipotle, Chopp'd, Café Duke). Sometimes you want something in between.  I've hit Bengal Tiger twice, already for this reason.  Easy on the wallet, and really tasty food.  So far I've tried two of their veggie curries - the eggplant and the garbanzo beans.  I've also like their chicken curry.  You also can't go wrong with the giant samosa or Mulligatawny apps.  Service is always attentive, and the interior is quite nice - the wooden ceiling is made to look like you're in the cabin of a boat, and you'll be looking at lots of colorful art on the walls.
We ordered 2 appetizers and 3 entrees for 3 people. The green chutney with the vegetable samosa appetizer has cilantro, so if you don't like cilantro, it's in there. The samosas are large and nicely cooked. The fried pakora appetizer was a little oily for me, but my 2 companions liked it. The garlic naan was delicious with its fresh garlic and butter. Our favorites of the 3 entrees were the curry chicken and the aloo gobi matar. The last entree, the tandoori chicken tikka, was moist and flavorful, and the rice we all got was perfectly cooked. The aloo gobi had a little more cinnamon than we're used to, and we got regular spice level. We had to wait when we arrived 8ish p.m., but we were seated very quickly and the staff were fabulous: polite, prompt, helpful, and informative. We were very satisfied with everything and took a lot back to our hotel, with me ordering more garlic naan to take with too. It's a small restaurant, but they do an excellent job. I really appreciate the staff being so pleasant. The bathroom was small and clean, and the portions were a good value.
Still thinking about the flavors. Tasty! And a good quantity of food for the price. Definitely a "neighborhood" gem. I walked over a mile to get there and I'm glad I did.
Good food for takeout but very rude customer service. In an empty restaurant, the host refused to give us an extra chair so my father could sit facing the outside as opposed to on an uncomfortable hard bench. We went to Mughlai in the Indian restaurant quarter near Lexington and 28th. Much better service with great food there.
I could eat Indian food every day of the week if I had a chance. Bengal Tiger is up there with some of the best in NYC. Have been here 3+ times now and I try something different every time. Delicious!
Excellent Indian food!  The vindaloo was spicy and the sagwala was amazing. Plus BYOB!  Makes for an excellent and cost effective dinner!!!
Located next to Central Park, good place to satisfy your North Indian food craving! They have a 18.95$ three course lunch option which seemed great but we chose a-la-carte option of Samosa, Chicken tikka and Yellow daal with some naan..the samosa was out of the world, however the food was a little less spicy for our taste..though overall good food..we were pleasantly surprised to find we were the only Indian eating in the entire restaurant which is fairly rare!
Bengal Tiger is open all day unlike several other Indian restaurants in New York City. The food is 3.5/5 (main course), 4/5 (appetizers) and 4.5/5 ( desserts)I would like to see an increase in the menu selection. I understand that this is a quick meal restaurant and aims to serve that purpose but with an larger menu would cater to a wider population.Overall, thumbs up! Would go again only if I were in the area :)
I think I am a pretty good judge of Indian food. This place is a solid four stars - not the best you'll ever eat, but very good. The service was quick and attentive, and the prices are fair. Thumbs up!
Went here for lunch with a friend. They offer appetizer, rice naan bread and two protein of your choice for 9$, a real steal for this area. Casual environment with tasty food. We will be back
Bengal Tiger is a good deal for some quick Indian food lunch in Midtown. Whenever I get Indian food I am drawn to the spinach paneer and the cauliflower and potatoes.  At the Bengal Tiger the lunch special includes, 2 veggie sides, basmati rice or brown rice and 5 triangle pieces of pita. Since, I get two side, I don't have to pick between my two fave Indian sides.  You just come up the stairs put in your order and they call out your number and you can be on your way out in no time. It's great to come here if you are headed to the park and just need to grab something. I appreciate that the food is served in a compartment tray. My rice doesn't get soggy and I get the perfect bite of paneer with a snip it of cauliflower and some basmati grains. Midtown has a lot of Indian food options and I have hit up a number of spots. The quality of food was not mind blowing. I prefer a lot of the other restaurants in the area. That being said you sometimes need a cheap fix and this place does the trick .
I had better. Food was okay, not spicy enough. They are very understaffed, they are all literally running around in the restaurants to keep up with work load, I respect them for putting such a great effort. It 's also a little bit pricy, I paid $17 for one dish, and it was just enough for me for dinner.
This place is awesome. We loved it. The vegetarian dishes were really great. Recommend the Masala.
This is one of the best food I had in my life... I am a foodie and love Indian cuisine... had butter paneer.. it was so aahmazing... The rice which came with it was superb... it was soft fluffy and buttery enough... loved the food and could lick my finger afterwards
We got the lunch pack two different days in NYC. It was conveniently close to where we were staying, filling and generally well-priced. The food, however, was just okay Indian. For ~$10 (including tax) you get two entrees, naan and brown or basmati rice (you pay extra for any substitutions, such as roti instead of naan). We had the chana masala and baigan bhartha both times. There's certainly some heat to the dishes, but not a big amount in terms of other flavor (there was a fair bit of oil too). The baigan didn't have much roasted flavor as it usually does. It was a nice touch to be able to get brown rice instead of just white. The naan was fine - nothing spectacular but not bad.You order at the counter, they give you a number and you go up to the counter to get it when it's ready. It's available pretty quickly, service was only mildly friendly.
I tried chicken korma for the first time here and it was delicious! Garlic naan bread is also super tasty and comes in large portions. Quick and friendly service.
Really enjoyed my meal here.  Great preparation, large portions, and a bargain!  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanted classic Indian food in the Midtown area.  Servers were friendly and they even allow a $5 wine corkage!  I will definitely return!
Don't let the grungy staircase deter you from this second-floor walk-up restaurant. Once inside, the decor and staff are both very welcoming. The food is hot and delicious; probably some of the best Indian food I've had. The chicken tikka masala (all white meat) is fantastic. It's a BYO (and there's a corking/bottle fee) so plan ahead if you want alcohol. Otherwise, they serve lassis, etc., and it seems strange to say, but the water is very good here (and they constantly refill it). The restaurant is small and tables are tight, so you may have to wait a bit, but the food and service should make it worthwhile.
A hidden gem upstairs in a unassuming building. Once inside the restaurant you find a cozy place to have a relaxing meal. Dined with two others after the theater. The menu offered an array of dishes. Great options for sharing with a group of people. The food was fresh and quite tasty. The staff was attentive to needs and made sure water glass was full.
Food was excellent! Walked in on a busy Saturday night but were seated within 15 mins. Small but intimate. BYOB- which was pretty awesome. Only thing is, they don't have ice buckets so if you're bringing white wine, chill in advance or be prepared to be ok with ice cubes in your drink.We ordered the prix fixe for $17/pp. For appetizers, I ordered the vegetable samosa, the hubs ordered the lamb spring rolls (samosa was the winner!) For the entree, I ordered the Chicken Makhani (heat level 5), the Hubs, was being daring on his 1st Indian cuisine experience, ordered the Chicken Vindaloo (heat 9/10) and they are not kidding, that thing is SPICY. We each were only able to take a few spoonfuls of Vindaloo, followed by heaping spoonfuls of rice and extra orders of garlic naan to fan away some of that heat. If you're looking for a way to eat light or keep warm, few bites of Vindaloo followed by necessary large amounts of water will do it. I'm also not a good eater of spicy foods-- I get the ugly cry, runny nose and sweat dripping down my face. So if you're on a first date, or with someone you want to look cute in front of, but spice and heat cause this reaction in you, I'd suggest the Tikka Masala or the Makhani (butter chicken). Great little gem. Definitely will be back. Top notch service too!
Great hospitality and awesome Indian food. Place is usually crowded which means there is good demand for it.
I'll get straight to the point- the food was GOOD! Very large sized portion of chicken tikka seasoned well and ready fairly quickly.Ordered through the Yelp app and food was ready when I arrived 20 minutes later.
Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken Vindaloo were absolutely wonderful.  Service was excellent as well.  Reasonably priced.  Highly recommended.
I ordered delivery and it came in the middle of the projected arrival time.... which was way too long for my taste. Shouldn't take 45-75 min to get delivery. The food is plentiful and tasty but nothing mindblowing. I ordered the 3-item prix fixe + garlic naan: Vegetable Samosa - The filling was perfectly seasoned and moist.Chicken Vindaloo (spicy) - chicken was moist and plentiful. Was a little disappointed there weren't more potatoes... it was literally sauce + chicken. Garlic Naan - delicious. I would order again.
I ordered food from here a couple of days ago. The delivery was pretty quick. I enjoyed it. Naan was so fluffy and tasty. My favorite one was a vegetable korma - such a delicious meal. Samosas were pretty fulfilling too. Overall, you will not be disappointed. The only reason this place is not on my favorites' list is because the food, even though I asked for the mildest option, is still spicy. I think it's just me cause I'm not sure you can cook a milder Indian meal without making it flavorless. Maybe I'll give it another try
Great curry! Lamb curry and the yogurt cucumber sauce is a great compliment. Fast delivery and delicious food! Highly recommend for Indian food lovers:)
This place was pretty good. I think the seating was kind of awkward and it was really hot in there for some reason but other then that the food was good! I'm not from NY so maybe just not used to the tiny restaurants. Would I go again? Yes :)
Wonderful Indian food! Wish they served beer but other than that it was wonderful.  Highly recommended when you're in this part of the city.
UGH! OH MY GOODNESS!So I've been coming here for a few years now here and there..Their chicken tikka masala is really good, but the only complaint I have is that the last few times I've had it--the chicken was a bit dry.. I have to agree with the most recent reviews sorry :(   I don't remember it always being like that though!  They should really pay more attention to that.The pakora and samosas are SOOO amazing I love them both so much and order it every time I come there (especially with the green and brownish-red sauces, ugh--amazing) But seriously their pakora and samosas... :,)
Small space with limited seating and there's always a line so be sure to go a bit earlier! We ordered the 3 course meal with garlic naan and saag paneer.Appetizer-Vegetable Samosa, I think I might've licked off every drop of the green/brown sauce that came with it. Entree- Chicken Makhani, I prefer this over the other popular dish, chicken tikka masala. Creamier and more savory in my opinion compared to the masala. PERFECT amount of spiciness for a nice kick. I ordered the regular instead of the spicy....Dessert- Kheer, coconut rice pudding that came with cashews and raisins and was the perfect finishing touch to our meal. Not so impressed by the saag paneer, wasn't creamy enough and was a bit underwhelming ....GARLIC NAAN, order it to dip it in the makhani sauce. (Don't get the roti, kind of hard and not as savory as the naan).The service was amazing and they were so incredibly friendly!
TL;DR: I've been multiple times and all I can say is that it's mediocre, greasy Indian food that does the trick, but isn't good. Environment: a bit hard to find, but you have to walk up a flight of stairs and turn left into the restaurant. It looks sketchy from the outside but is clean and well decorated. It's both takeout and sit in, but the sit in tables are a bit small. Lots of light from the big window. Food: when I first went, the prix fixe menu came,!with three courses (app, entree and dessert) and was only $16 (now $20) so my friend and I both ordered that. I got vegetable pakoras, which were crispy and delicious. Her lamb spring roll was literally the width of a burrito. I think she liked it, but it looked droopy and sad. My saag paneer was somewhat oily and heavy on the paneer chunks; they also add chunks of ginger, which ruined the taste of the dish for me. Who wants to fish out ginger while eating or bit down on a chunk of ginger? The kheer dessert was mildly sweet, I didn't come to eat appetizers and dessert. It's a good value, but maybe go for another dish instead of the saag paneer (at the same time, though, shouldn't saag paneer be a staple? Don't understand why it wasn't good).The second time I came, I tried the vegetable tikka masala, which was a shitshow. I had random vegetables like broccoli and zucchini that have no place in an Indian dish, and the tomato cream sauce was watery. It was honestly the worst Indian food I've ever had, and i couldn't bring myself to finish it bc it honestly felt like a waste of calories. Service: great, a little hurried towards the end. When I first came, I was waiting for my friend to arrive and she ended up being 30 minutes late, but the waiter kept checking in on me at the beginning and I decided to order ahead of her. Once our check arrived, we also were checked in on several times. However, I did spill my water all over the floor and they were very gracious about cleaning it up and refusing my help.
Food was sub par.  Was not very good at all.  Would never come back.  Wait was long and over rated.  Naan was dry.  Rice was boring.  Chicken Tikka masala was the worst I've ever had.  Service was decent.
Very small place but so incredibly good. Their menu is very simple but what they have on it is amazing. Our group ate the Chicken Tikka Masala, Veg Tikka Masala, Vindaloo, Samosas, Naan, and the Mango Lassi. All were amazing. I usually try out an Indian place every time I make it to NYC. This is my favorite so far!
After seeing the reviews I expected a little more. We had wait for over 20 minutes and the food was okay but I've had better Indian food in the city. The raita was a little too chunky and the samosa was about average, but how can you get samosa wrong? I was not a fan of the entrees but I'll give them the benefit of doubt because I made a substitution for something off of the menu by switching paneer instead of chicken with the tikka masala curry. Another concern was how disorganized the service was, we were asked if "we were ready to order" by four different waiters. Outside of that, I liked the ambiance, giving a somewhat Indian "Dabaa" feel to the place. It was also nice that they have BYOB, making it more of a causal hangout with friends. I would definitely give this restaurant another try.
Pros- flavorful dishes - great value for price - fast device Cons- dining room can be hard to secure seating.Final Word: seating can be tricky but well worth the trouble.
Great lunches. Located upstairs and door outside may be easy to miss. They have a great lunch box for $9. Usually pretty fast for to-go, even during the mid-day lunch rush. Nice service. They have some seating, maybe for 15 inside. Most lunch boxes come with naan, rice, an entree, and a side.
This is such a pleasant and relaxing place for great Indian food. Thanks to fellow Yelpers, I made sure to look up at the awning as I approached Bengal and was able to locate it immediately. The stairs are a little creepy and the entrance doesn't look like a restaurant at all. But once you open those doors, you are greeted by a friendly staff and see how tiny the place really is. There are a good amount of tables but the empty space will feel tight once more people arrive. We got there fairly early and got a seat by the window. The restaurant fills up quick by 6:30. We ordered the vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and mango lassi. Unfortunately, the mango lassi never arrived but the waiters were very apologetic and quickly removed it from the bill. The food was delicious!!! The vegetable samosa had a lot of filling and was crispy, hot and came with two sauces. One was hot (green) and the other was a bit sweet (reddish brown). Good combo.The naan was heavenly. Freshly baked and right out of the oven, it wasn't an overwhelming garlic taste - it was just right. Ripped apart so easily...so good. I can totally just eat that with masala sauce. The chicken tikka masala was really good. Flavorful, lots of meat, and tender chicken. It came with basmati rice. Perfect combination.  So glad I tried this place. I would certainly come back and try more of the food there. Reasonably priced, too! Good service and friendly staff.
Very happy with this place. They are kind to my kids and helped with the stroller up the stairs. Food is delicious and it's a nice reprieve after a day of overstimulation. I love the korma. Kids happy with dal. Yummy naan.
Love this hole in the wall restaurant. It's upstairs and small but worth the wait. I've been coming here for the last 3 years every time we are in the city. Spicy is super spicy so be careful with the level of spice you order.  Every dish is spectacular!!
Good reviews led us here and good reviews are warranted. Friendly staff, yummy food, nice little spot.
Shortly said, I didn't feel their food was authentic Indian.My husband and I finally decided to give this restaurant a try today after passing by numerous times in the past.The atmosphere of the venue was nice, and the servers were attentive and nice. I wanted to give this place higher rate, but the food lacked the flavor and the kick we expected. This was a big turn off, sadly. (We ordered chicken korma and chana masala. Both were quite mild, more runny than we expected, and lacked spices.) We used to live in Delhi for a few years and ate at local restaurants and shared homemade food with local colleagues, so I think we should know what actual Indian food is. I felt this place's lacked the flavor we were used to there. This place gets good rate on Yelp, but, unfortunately, I cannot agree that.After leaving this place, our stomachs were filled, but I felt I need a spice fix in Jackson heights.  I'm not going to come back here.
We were very worried as we approached the building.  Has very good yelp reviews so we continued on.  The building entrance is up a small stair case and very dirty.  We are glad we continued on.  The staff was great The food was excellent.  Do not let the entrance fool you.
Great food. Went there for lunch and ordered the lamb vindaloo which was excellent. The garlic naan is delicious and the deserts are awesome. The location is perfect although it got kinda busy because of the traffic from the offices nearby. But overall restaurant, would come back.
Delicious Lunch!! 100+% hit to my craves! Small hallway for such a variety of flavors!
Best Indian food in New York City. My date and I were licking our fingers and wanting seconds. Every dish we tried was amazing. The garlic Nana, Tiki Marsala chicken and even the Chia tea is to die for. I will be back.
This is my first time here. The vegan options could be better, but everything else looks good. Make sure to redeem the free naan offer for checking in, it is pretty good. The service is fast and the price is right. I'd say this is worth 30-45 minutes of travelling to eat here.
The restaurant itself is tiny. We ordered the veggie samosa and I specifically asked our waiter if the chutney came on the side, he responded with yes. I had seen pictures on Yelp that showed the chutney on the plate and the samosa on top. I don't like the green chutney and didn't want it on there which is why I asked. Samosa came out with the chutney spread on the plate and it sitting right on top. That was the first negative about the samosas, second negative is that they hardly had any flavor. Not spicy at all. The naan was some of the better I have had and the chicken tikka masala had good flavor. Overall it was just okay. We do not plan on ever coming back.As don't get me started on the bathroom. It smelled of something I can't even describe, but I'll try for you. Old stale urine mixed with musty body odor. Quite appetizing huh?
Ha ... who would have thought such an amazing restaurant would live at the top of that staircase. Amazing food! Don't forget to BYO!
We had the tandoori chicken, vindaloo lamb, and tikka chicken masala....and it was the bomb! It was the perfect amount for the four of us!
I like spicy things and ignored the warnings on the menu regarding the vindaloo.  The waiter even warned me when I ordered it.  I am too accustomed to "very spicy" american foods only being mildly flavorful.  I may have given the waiter a dismissive look.Holy !@#$!  My insides are on fire!!
Five stars for great service. Very friendly and attentive. There was about half an hour of wait, and they brought naan for the kids. Food was four-stars decent -- naan and daal were great, but chicken was a little dry and while nice and spicy not really complicated. It's a cozy little place with nice ambiance, so overall I'm rounding up to five.
Authentic Indian food. (How do I know -- had a first generation born Indian friend come with)Fantastic, tasty, awesome, amazing indian food (How do I know -- I ate it!)I recommend..-Chicken Tikka Masala (Get it SPICY you wimp!)-GARLIC Naan (Amaaaaaazing)-Mango Lassi (To cool down that Masala)-Chicken korma was pretty good too if you don't want to experience a lot of heat.-Indian style rice pudding (nothing too exciting here, but good nonetheless.)If you've never tried Indian food, and want a great experience -- definitely hit up Bengal Tiger.Don't let the sort of dingy 1 flight walk-up deter you. This place is the real deal.I can't wait to go back!
This was one of the best Indian food restaurants I've ever been to. Although the wait was long, it was totally worth it. I ordered the Chicken Korma, it was on point.Must go again
I ordered from Bengal Tiger two nights in a row while I was staying at the New York Palace Hotel. Firstly, they could not have been more prompt with delivery! I was so impressed that they arrived so quickly both times. The first night I ordered chicken curry, vegetable samosa, and mango lassi. Everything tasted great, though the chicken was a little overcooked. On the second night, I ordered chicken tikka masala, plain naan, and mango lassi. This dish was particularly good; the chicken could not have been cooked any better. My only regret is that I did not venture out on foot to eat right in this very establishment instead of opting for delivery. The next time I'm in the area, I will be ordering again. Well done, Bengal Tiger!
Good food relaxing atmosphere and staff was attentive.  Only wish they served alcohol.  It's byob.
Very very very friendly staff. Ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Korma. The food was GREAT!! When leaving my water bottle was almost empty--- staff offered to fill all the way to top.
I don't know what all the hype is about. Granted, we got takeout. But...a) Lamb Biryani: was so dry. The lamb was dry, the rice was dry, and the flavor was meh.b) Chicken Korma: The chicken was good and not overcooked but the pieces were gigantic. Maybe some people like that. The curry was well flavored but tasted somehow too aged perhaps... like it had been ladled out of a vat? c) Rice: it was sticky and overdone.d) Naan: soggy, moist and chewy.Maybe the food was sitting there for half an hour before we picked it up? It was only a five minute walk back to our hotel.Oh yeah and the mango lassi tasted prefabbed. Like just not fresh somehow.Overall I was just really not impressed. We have much better Indian food options in Maine.
Great food and great service. The person refilling the water made sure we never even got below halfway. The manager was our waiter. Odd and old staircase from the street up to the front door but don't let that discourage you. This is place is the real deal!!
Went here for lunch. We ordered 3 different types of naan (coconut, garlic and plain) all were amazing. I ordered paneer tiki masala, and it was sooooo good, I finished my whole bowl all the naan and they brought us complimentary rice pudding at the end.
Came here with coworkers to grab lunch. It's not fancy but quite comfortable and cozy here. We all got the lunch box with two main entrees and rice and naan for $8.95. I was very happy with my chicken masala and cheesy spinach. The spice in both dishes really gave you a kick in the taste buds but not too much. I am by no means an expert of Indian food, but I like it here since the food is good and the restaurant is clean and pleasant to dine in.
Hands down the best Indian food I have ever had. The vegetable samosas are delicious- my boyfriend and I could have eaten just that and been happy. But then our entrees came out. He ordered the spicy chicken vindaloo and I ordered the chicken korma. Both were flavorful, filling, and ridiculously delicious. To top it off we had the garlic naan and finished up with the Kheer for dessert. Our servers were attentive and extremely sweet. The environment was friendly and chill. We will definitely be making this a go to spot for two people that love to eat!!!!
Great food, fair price, friendly service, convenient location, what else do you need from a restaurant? Bengal Tiger has it all, this is our top pick when we find ourselves in Midtown and we are looking for tasty food. Sometimes there is a wait, but if you are flexible on time you should be able to avoid it.
Delicious! Tucked away upstairs, easy to miss, but you'll be sorry if you do. Great service and AMAZING food!!!!
Ah, Bengal Tiger Indian Food. Those reviews, right? Almost unbelievable. This place, tho, for real. It's good, and affordable, and the service is amazing; so many wins. So, why not 4 or even 5 stars? It's simple, I've had better Indian food. Granted, not in this area of midtown, but there's better Indian food out there. First of all, the vindaloo is real spicy. They warn you, they do multiple times, but it's extremely spicy to the point where I didn't find it that enjoyable and I like spice. I was dining with some elderly people who don't like spice at all, but enjoy chicken tikka masala and they couldn't even eat it; it was too spicy.The prix fixe seems like a deal and if you like rice pudding it is. You choose from soup or deep fried appetizers that were good, your entree and then rice pudding. Looking back, I'd probably just stick with an entree (that comes with rice) and some naan. BYOB makes this place a gem for groups that are looking to not break the bank. As I always reiterate when dining in this 'hood, it's hard to find food that isn't $$$, so you take it where you can.A definite try and see what it's all about.
On famous 56th st btwn 6/5th ave where lots of affordable lunch places are.Things to note:1/ 2nd floor2/ lunch special that comes out to ~$10 which is rice, naan, a protein, and a veggie dish3/ solid americanized indian food, love that tikka masala4/ the saag paneer has a kicktotally worth a try for lunch.
Absolutely fantastic food!! Service is friendly and nice. Quick service and fenomenal food and price
A cozy Restaurant upstairs (not good for strollers) with delicious chicken tikka masala. The garlic naan was also tasty! Good service.
Excellent food. When I went it was really busy and they were still pretty fast getting me my food for takeout. Definitely recommend this spot if you're near theatre district / times square.
WOW.  That about sums it up.  Bengal Tiger is top notch in every sense, especially earning their 5 stars in delivering an exceptionally high level of service, one rarely encountered even in the highest caliber of NYC establishments.From the moment I stepped through the door with my family they rolled out the red carpet.  We were seated within seconds and our appetizers were delivered within minutes.My 10 month old son, who was having a really rough time with all the hustle and bustle of NYC, occasionally shrieking like a banshee and constantly dropping his toys, would likely have made our dinner--and anyone else's around us for that matter--a complete and utter nightmare at any other restaurant.The Bengal Tiger's staff however was just incredible:  They would pick up and hand us his toys as they passed by without missing a beat.  They would stop and entertain him and my 3 year old daughter from time to time, and to top it all off, when our dinner arrived, one of our most gracious hosts offered to take our son for a look around the restaurant while we enjoyed our meal in peace, saving my wife and I from having to take shifts.Their stupendous service aside, the food was absolutely superb, especially the appetizers and sides.The papadum was some of the best I have ever had and their green chutney was delectable, with just the right amount of spice to give it a nice little burn.  Most restaurants I usually only eat the tamarind chutney and leave my wife all the green chutney; here we were gobbling it up like it was guacamole.My wife and I both got the 3 Course Prix Fix for $17.95.  For what you get, it is an exceptional value, all things considered.For starters, the pakoras were especially good.  They topped my list for the whole dining experience and were far beyond any I had ever had before, and I have eaten a LOT of Indian food.For our main course, the Chicken Tikka Masala was outstanding and went extremely well with our side of garlic naan.  Again another exceptional side:  the garlic naan was absolutely loaded up with garlic and was neither burnt, nor overcooked like is so often the case at most Indian restaurants.  Simply delicious.Last but certainly not least, the Kheer dessert, which I would generally skip as a rule at most Indian restaurants, was very good.  I ended up eating both mine and my wife's because she wouldn't even try it based on past experiences.  Her loss, my gain!The only bad thing about this place is the flight of stairs leading up to it and the rather odd entry they make right into the middle of the restaurant.  Other than that, just exceptional!!!
Great food, welcoming and friendly staff, delicious mango lassi.  Kid friendly.  The chicken tikka was delicious.  Try both the plain and garlic naan.
Got take out.. Butter chicken was very good. I want to try and eat in next time and try other stuff.
As an Indian with a lifetime experience of Indian food, this is place is very much below average. Fooled by the (strangely) high rating on Yelp, we did a Friday evening dinner here and ordered their most popular dishes - the saag paneer and chicken tikka masala with naan. Everything was underwhelming. The saag paneer had no taste, and the chicken was dry and hard, with little to no flavor. The naan was terribly undercooked - I've never been to an Indian restaurant that messed up the naan that badly.Never again - putting this post up just so people don't get fooled by these weirdly high ratings on Yelp.
one of the best indian restaurants in this price range. ambience is not good so i usually order food online.i am a fan of their lamb curry - right amt of spices..properly cooked lamb..can have it anytime.their chicken tikka masala is another dish that i love to eat.if you love indian food then you cant go wrong with this place.
Absolutely lovely! My friend and I split the dishes, which were both perfect quantity, and great quality. Waiter asked us several times how spicy we would like the food and warned us of some spiciness levels. All in all, he did everything to ensure great customer service!Chicken vindaloo and lamb masala were both great- served with basmati rice. In addition, we had the garlic nan which is by far my favorite type. This restaurant requires going up the stairs to get to, and is a bit narrow once inside. Nothing too bad though! Great for a lunch experience!
This place is excellent and the staff are very friendly and professional. We had chicken and lamb curry with garlic bread.
Amazing Indian food with great service. Outstanding flavors from mild to hot. This little upstairs place is a must visit. The decor is really nice despite the lackluster entrance. It would be unfortunate to walk past Bengal tiger.
Went to Bengal Tiger for lunch based on proximity and yelp reviews. We were NOT disappointed! We had the lunch special, super yummy. Great prices, great friendly staff and really good food. Highly recommend!!!
It seems like this restaurant gets most of its raving reviews purely from the fact that it's BYOB and that the portions are huge. Aside from that, I think the food is just okay, so the takeout experience was alright. I had the chicken tiki masala, and while the sauce tasted pretty good, the chicken was incredibly dry. I likely would not order it again.
The Keema Samosas were tasty! So was the Chicken Tikka Masala. The prices were reasonable. The servers were friendly. Didn't have to wait that long to be seated. Will come back again.
Highly recommend. Has great service and excellent food. There is a nice view from the window if it's available. There were big chunks of lamb in our lamb curry too.
Good is delicious. Traditional style. Great menu. Best prices in the city. Restaurant is cute and hip very tiny hard to get seating. Lots of people take to-go. Sometimes you sit with strangers. An 8.95 lunch special is well worth it though. Very satisfied with the staff and quality of the good. If I'm ever near Central Park again, I will return.
Delicious food with indian flavors in tact. Superb value for money during lunch. Ideal mid town location. Must visit if u r fan of Indian food. Do not forget to check in on yelp to get additional naan complimentary. Happy eating.
Cozy, small restaurant near Central Park with friendly people and a vast vegetarian menu. I scraped my plate and would do it again! Everything was delicious.
Fantastic indian food tucked away on the 2nd floor in bustling midtown. Perfect for an impromptu lunch or dinner while in the area.
Nice food. Limited menu but delicious food. Should order Vegi Samosa  For Main course try Chicken tandoori it's grilled chicken pieces coming with a steam rice on side. Very generous in portion so you can order a sharing one plate for two.
Service was excellent, food delicious and tasty. Portions are big. It is trully indiand food in the centre of NYC. We will come back!
Came here on a Thursday night and the place was packed! We got the pre fix which was a great deal. Starting with the appetizers we got the samosas and the Pankora. The samosa were delicious and so was the Pankora though it was a bit oily. We then got the chicken makani, tikka masala and korma. The korma and masala was delicious. The chicken was very tender and the sauce was buttery. The makani was not as good, pretty bland so I wouldn't recommend. The garlic nan was awesome- definitely don't skip it. I've been to a lot of Indian restaurants in NYC, this is by far one of the best!
Amazing. Their lunch specials affordable and great qty. I loved the lamb curry and vindaloo and thandoori chicken bites with an incredible yogurt. Place was slammed and crammed. Wish they had more space but fact my picky son ate the food and said it was 10/10 when he hates Indian food says a lot about how good the food was. Samosas are incredible! Place reminded me of authentic Indian food you'd find in India and the biggest surprise was the service was over the top good. Amazing place you have to go to!
This place was good. The samosa were quite delicious and the green mint sauce was very tasty and a bit spicy which I liked. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was ok. I am used to an Indian restaurant  in my city which is amazing so this one was lacking to the other one for sure. Overall though a good meal.
I would say it's closer to 4.5 stars. I came for dinner with a friend and got the Prix Fix menu for $17.95 a person. This included a choice of appetizer, a choice of entree with rice, and dessert. Pretty good deal for dinner!From the outside, you would never know this is a quality establishment. There is an old awning, and some old stairs you take up to the restaurant on the 2nd floor. But once you open that door at the top and step in, it has a really nice cozy feeling and large windows in the front too. I really thought it was neat - something that tourists wouldn't know about (or non-Yelpers).Our food was delicious. The veggie samosa was flavorful and had a nice crunchy texture. The lamb spring rolls were full of meat and the white and green sauce around it was awesome! Then our entrees came. The chicken tikka masala and korma each had 6 large cubes of chicken with delicious sauce! The chicken tikka masala we got a bit spicy, but it really wasn't spicy. The korma could have been slightly sweeter. But the portions were great, and with the bowl of rice, we were full. We actually ordered an additional naan, which I recommend. They were done really well!Dessert came last, which is the sweet rice pudding. Flavorful and not too watery. Perfect cap to an awesome filling dinner that is well-priced. The commendable aspect of this place is their service. My water glass was never less than 2/3 full. They were seriously over here every 10 min to refill our water. They also replaced our plates with each course, which was nice of them. Food came at appropriate intervals. Definitely recommend this place.
They've got a three course deal for $21.95 and it's soooo worth it! I got Pakorma, Chicken Tikka and Kneer - everything was delicious! It's a cute little place on the second floor so it's fun to people watch on the street down below
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the area!  I got the 3 Course Prix Fix $18.95 with the following selections: vegetable tikka masala, vegetable samosas, and the rice pudding dessert.  I added the following: 1 Garlic Tandoori Naan $3.50 and 1 Rosemary Tandoori Naan $3.50.The vegetable tikka masala had a delicious mild sauce.  There was cooked broccoli and cauliflower in there.  It was served with basmati rice.  There were two samosas with two dipping sauces (tamarind was one of them).  The naan order comes with one large piece.  The garlic naan was good, skip the rosemary.  The herbs on top did not have a good texture/seemed overcooked/did not stick to the bread.  I would order from them again!  It was a very good deal and delicious.
Fans of Indian food that is authentic will love this place as much as I do. It's lunch specials are killers. Small gem on the 2nd floor in midtown #NYC. See you there soon :) #happiness #jkhknyc #goodeats #bengaltiger #indianfood
Omg, what a terrific find! Walking past other places that looked equally good, we weren't so sure about the looks of this place, especially climbing up a old stair case in suspect hallway. We were pleasantly surprised to find a warm, nicely appointed restaurant with an awesome window overlooking the street below. We managed to grab one of the window seat tables and ordered a mango lassi and sweetened ice tea which were both great. A word about the tea for my southern relatives. It was indeed sweet! Ya'll know...The prix fix menu is a good bargain, and we chose the lamb roll, and vegetable samosa. Both had the perfect amount of spice. The tikka masala and chicken korma were both really delicious and the garlic naan was perfect. If you're in the area and jonesing for Indian, it doesn't get much better.
To be honest, sometimes I'm skeptical about price-fix menus. Yes, the food comes at a slight smaller portion. But that's to be expected. In past experiences, sometimes even the quality/flavor lacks that luster that you would find in their regular dishes. Not here. No way, no how. Bengal Tiger Indian Food packs quite a punch when it comes to their cuisine. Located on the 2nd floor, Bengal Tiger is a cozy, bright little space. There's not much seating to go around so if you plan on coming for a bite... arrive before that dinner rush. They have beautiful artwork/phrases from wall to wall with those classic warm as well as jewel tones... very inviting. I was meeting my friend after work and we got there JUST in time. We managed to snag the last spot since a portion of the restaurant was conquered by a meetup group. Although a tight space, we sat comfortably. Vegetarians, have no fear. You have options here! (Rhyme not intended.) My friend had plenty of meatless options which was great. For the price of $16.95, you get an appetizer, entree and dessert. Not bad IMO. App/Veggie Samosa: Phenomenal. The outside is crispy and the inside was generously seasoned filled with potato and peas. And it was on top of a green & red sauce that had quite the kick. Let's just say I asked for a personal pitcher of water.Entree/Chicken TIkka Masala: Had to go with the classic choice, of course Indian spicy. (Go big or go home!) The chicken was extremely tender and there was just the right amount of sauce to meat ratio. The layers and depth of earthiness and savory flavors were on par. Dessert/Kheer: I'm a rice pudding lover. Add cashews? Spices? Home run.All in all, I highly recommend Bengal Tiger. There's unlimited basmati rice and their Naan is superb. The prices won't burn a hole in your wallet and they don't sacrifice on the spice. Staff was incredibly friendly and my water glass was never empty. This is a fantastic little spot to satisfy all your Indian Food cravings.
Above-average indian at a reasonable price in a difficult food area of nyc.Nice and casual,  though seating is tight.  No white tablecloths here.BYO is a huge bonus.  Bring wine or beer with you because there's nothing for sale on the immediate block.
Best chicken till masala I've ever had! Huge portions for the price. I'm definitely coming back!
Crowded....duh! It's obvious to me that others were experiencing the same utter enjoyment that we were. Samosas, Tikka Masala, Tandoori Chicken.....so good and worth the wait! On top the price was almost cheap. Get there!
We got a $9 lunch pack of chicken tikka masala and roasted eggplant. Got deal if you are looking for a decent and quick Indian takeout. Chicken is a little bit dry but the flavor is there. Roasted eggplant is great compared to the chicken.
What a little gem! A lot of people don't know about this place because of its location, but it is totally worth it. It's on the 2nd floor so keep an eye out. I got here 40 min early and read a book while waiting for a friend. Within that time, 2 or 3 different waiters came to check on me to make sure my water glass was full and that I wasn't too cold. The wait staff here is on it 150%. You cannot possibly drink more than 2 sips of water before getting a refill. The place only had a few tables occupied, but my friend informed me that this is how it is no matter how busy they are. We both got the 3 course price fix meals and were totally satisfied. Portions are great and everything was flavored well. The only thing that wasn't amazing was the tiny bathroom. If you're sitting, be prepared to have your face about a foot away from a tiny sink. Also, the paper towels are above the sink. Keep looking. They're up there somewhere. All in all, I'd happily come back here.
I have come here four times dinner. The first time, we came around 5:50/6 pm and there was no wait for a party of 5. Two other times we had to wait around 20-30 minutes (Friday around 6:20/30). We always order a bunch of dishes to share: apps and entrees. The service is excellent. It's BYOB with a $5 cork fee for a bottle of wine or $2/per bottle of beer. We enjoyed the chicken tikka, lamb vindaloo, samosas (both meat and veggie kinds), cauliflower, eggplant. The dishes are not spicy unless you specify. The mild/medium is not spicy. I highly recommend coming here. The ambiance is modern and clean. You'll always have a good meal.
The service was fast.. food came quickly and the food was delicious!Great flavors and good solid ricePrices were reasonable too, so its a perfect Indian restaurant basically!
Amazing, both chicken tikka masala and chicken korma were perfect.  Best garlic naan.  Outstanding customer service!
Solid! Vindaloo was just right. Good flavor, good kick, without being nuclear. Would definitely come back.
I was expecting to try some great desi food while in NYC, and this place had a pretty high rating.I went with the $8.72 lunch special: 2 items, rice, and naan.  Rice comes with a choice of brown or basmati rice. I opted for the brown rich, which tasted fine.  Chicken tikkah masala was a huge disappointment.  I was expecting it to be as good as tandoori fresh in California.   It wasn't as creamy and chicken wasn't as tender.   Eggplant dish was a disaster,  one of the worst veggie dishes I tried.  I also tried the mango lassi and it was a little tart and not as good as other places.   Only positive about this place is the cheap lunch spot in Manhattan.
I am remiss to admit that I have slacked in giving properly consistent business to this awesome restaurant, as this is my first time having it in 1.5 years!  However, with the rampant business turnover in NYC during that time, it speaks volumes that BTIF is still here.  And for VERY good reason!The flavors are even better than I remember them being.  Tried the Prix Fixe....and could EASILY have made two lunches out of it, as they give you full-sized portions!  So two huge veggie samosas (the best this carnivore has ever had in Manhattan) with awesome sauces (that spicy cilantro!  I could have drank the stuff straight!), Lamb Saag (huge portion this time.  A bit saltier.  But in a good way), and Kheer for $20!  Nice, small, quaint, unassuming place with nice staff.  GO GO GO GO!!!!!!!!!!!
Just ate here and I had the chicken korma- safe to say it was the best I've ever eaten!  Food came out quickly and the quality and flavor was good. Portions are exactly right, not too much nor too little. They also have good vegetarian options. I highly recommend this place.
What an EXCELLENT place. The decor is fantastic. Very quaint and home like feel. The staff is absolutely amazing. Very attentive. The food was very tasty. My friend had never tried Indian food and I convinced her to explore. She loved the garlic naan. We tried the prefix dinner and ordered a bunch of dishes and shared. Highly recommend this little hidden gem.
Delicious Indian food approved by an Indian person!! they don't take any reservations but if you're willing to wait it'll be worth your while or there's always delivery. Order from the 3 course menu the portions are the same size as the regular entree's but for half the price!!
Ordered biryani and other curries..The food was too bland..Biryani felt like turmeric rice.No other spice was their in that..Thought it would be nice looking at the ratings. But was highly disappointed.
Super friendly staff and very affordable. The ambiance was perfectly fine.  The location was convenient to my hotel (NYC Hilton Midtown).  The restaurant goers were very diverse, so had high hopes.  But honestly the taste of the food wasn't that great.  I doubt I would go back if I come to NYCI cannot iterate how friendly the staff was - my 2.5 year old daughter was not feeling well and crying.  The staff brought her out a mango lassi on the house.  They checked in and always tried to see if there is something they can do.  This is the biggest reason they get 3 stars.
The lunch special is so cheap! Pick 2 with rice and naan for $9 and they accept credit cards including Amex
Food was 3-4 stars - solid, tasty, fast. Didn't blow me away, but it hit the spot. Service was 5 stars.
What a lucky find! Bengal Tiger is an absolute hidden gem! We had the Chicken Tikka Masala, Saag Paneer, Dahl and Riata and all were amazingly delicious! We had a short wait but he Food was worth it. Service was fabulous too. Be prepared... they do NOT serve alcohol but you can bring your own for a small corkage fee.  Not only would I come back the next time I'm in the city I would recommend this restaurant to my friends and family!
Got delivery and overall it was good! Deets on what we got - The mulligatawny soup was very watery and they didn't provide a spoon. The garlic naan was great. The malai kofta was good though not the best version I've had of the dish. The kheer was delicious. On time speedy delivery and good phone service.
THE BEST INDIAN FOOD IVE EVER HAD. You walk up the stairs to this cute, simple yet tasteful restaurant. All the tables were taken and we were told there was an approximately 20 minute wait. We were constantly updated on how much longer it would be and were offered menus while we waited. My friend and I both ordered the 3 course meal; one appetizer, one entree that came with a side of basmati rice, and dessert which is rice pudding. I don't even know where to start.... The GREAT food? Or the AMAZING service?!? So we got a lamb spring roll, pakora, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, and rice pudding. We also got a cilantro and garlic naan. Everything was 10/10. So well seasoned and cooked to perfection. You can tell that this place puts their heart and soul into their cooking. So for the service, the entire staff was constantly coming around each table to ensure that guests had an sufficient amount of water in their glass, bring food and take back anything in your way. I'm in love ! Thank you Bengal Tiger !
I got the lunch special with chicken curry and chicken vindaloo. The sauces were really great; the vindaloo was just spicy enough. The chicken was way overcooked. The breast pieces were dry and hard to chew. The naan was soft, but the rice was also dry.
Came here for their $9 lunch combo, and was not disappointed. The food was fresh and tasty, and came with pretty hearty portions. I loved how you could taste the spices, without it being too overwhelming. Only wished the cashier was friendlier, as he seemed terribly uninterested in doing his job.
Requested delivery for the 3 course Fix w/Samosa, chicken curry, garlic naan and papadum. I requested the chicken to be mild and though it was alright, I did not find the price worth it. I've had better garlic naan & samosa at Indikitch and better chicken curry in Edison, NJ. I heard great things about this place which yet again might apply to dining in vs delivery.
My wife and I seek out an Indian restaurant in any new city we travel to. Bengal Tiger is about the best! There was a bit of a wait when we got there and the owner told us that they didn't serve alcohol, but there was a liquor store one block away. So, we went and got a bottle of wine and they served it to us at the "bar" with two appetizers for free.Our table was fine. Worth the short wait. Vindaloo was hot but great, and the Marsala was perfect.Take home message: Bring your own bottle of wine and the food is worth it
Delicious food! We had the tandoori chicken tikka (our favorite), the saag paneer, chicken korma, and an order of garlic naan- loved all of it! The service was wonderful- the server suggested dishes for us when we weren't sure what to order and the staff was very attentive and friendly. Wonderful experience!
Fast carry-out or eat-in (limited seating) Indian food. Offers Indian vegetarian staples like Chana Masala, Saag Paneer, and Aloo Gobi Matar. I wouldn't bother with the rice which comes with a plate of food and get a little extra naan.    Delicious. Simple. Easy. Not overly expensive. $25 for two with beverages.
We reached after kitchen had closed and all tables were occupied. However when the owner heard we had my mom, a senior citizen who had come all the way, they made room for us. Then they served us a delicious hot meal and a complimentary dessert. Great food and great service, all with a smile despite a busy long day and working overtime.
Disclaimer: this review is for vegetarian food only.A few friends and I went in to Bengal Tiger after reading some great reviews. The restaurant is small and cozy. Lunch specials are $8.95 which includes two entree's, white or brown rice, and naan. Being a vegetarian, I got the paneer makhani and baigan bartha as my entree. The baigan bartha had absolutely no flavor at all. The paneer makhani was mediocre at best. Would have loved it if it was a little more spicy. A couple of friends got some chicken entree's and they absolutely loved it. Friends raved about the chutneys that come with samosas and papadums.
Food and service are good.  Ate here as well as ordered for takeout.  I forgot my credit card when I last ordered takeout and the young lady who rang me up ran half a block to return my card to me without a coat.  It was super cold, probably in the 30s.  I am very grateful and will definitely be going back often.
This place is awesome.First, it is very tiny and you go up narrow stairs to get to it... A little hidden gem - just what we like!To start, the food was all superb- we will be craving this food. We had the paneer, butter chicken, lamb vindaloo (soooo spicy -they warned us- and delicious).The service was welcoming, fast, attentive. Absolutely nothing new to criticize. We had our two small children and they couldn't have been more wonderful to them. Finally, it was our daughter 's 4th birthday (she picked Indian) and when they found out, they brought her a dessert with a candle and played a birthday song over the speakers. Not necessary, but made our girl feel pretty darn special. Very kind.This only thing I pull day as a negative was the bathroom: it is small and not very.... Pleasant.... But I've seen a LOT worse and it didn't stop me from using it. I think it was clean, just not the nicest.On our next visit to NYC we will be back here. They won us over with the food alone, but their kindness and service gives us good reason to never go anywhere else for Indian in Midtown.
Excellent food very good price and excellent service. We were 4 people two adults and two teenagers and this was the first experience of Indian food for the youngsters. We ordered the menu with three course at $18.90 and shared the food all Chicken entrées. Lots of food and really excellent flavor. One of the best economical Indian restaurants I have dined at. Highly recommended if you visit NYC.
The Good:- Service was good but I was early and I think just their second lunch customer.- Quantity was good.  I left full.The Bad:It just wasn't that tasty.  It was also very bland.  Maybe I should have asked for spicy but they could have also asked (esp seeing that I'm Indian)
The best Indian I have ever had. BYOB. This is no brainer. If you want Indian food and are near then come in
BEST FOOD EVER!! I have never had Indian food before, and I was a little nervous about trying it. But I am so glad I did. I can honestly say this was the best food I have ever eaten in my entire life. I don't live in NY, but I wrote down the name of this restaurant and what I ordered so I can eat this food again when I return to NY.
Stopped here on a whim and was not disappointed! Great food and awesome service! Will definitely return when we get a chance!
Love. The food is to-die-for. We ordered several items to share, and everything was phenomenal. Especially great was the garlic nan and honey dumplings. The prices make it easy to have a large group share many dishes.
Came here on a Tuesday 8pm with a friend. Seated immediately but I think we just got lucky because a line started forming immediately after.Ambience/decor- Loved the dark wood and intimate candlelit tables- Quiet with view of the street- Giant mirrors in the hallway - great for when walking in and checking yourself out before dinner, but not so great when leaving and seeing your bloated self afterwards hahahaService- Super attentive waitstaff, filled water constantly and kept giving us extra napkins (even though we didn't ask for them)- Didn't rush us through meal and let us sit however long we wantedFood- Vegetable Samosa: huge, freshly made and delicious- Garlic Naan: My favorite thing here. I can eat endless amounts of this. Unfortunately only 4 pieces in an order!- Chicken Tikka Masala: so good! Creamy, flavorful, and tender- Chicken Korma: also yummy, but meat was a bit drier than the tikka masala- Kheer (rice pudding): amazing! Light and refreshing, sweet but not overly sweet. Wish there was more!I WISH I KNEW THIS PLACE WAS BYOB! I would've brought wine if I'd known beforehand. Overall, delicious meal though a bit pricey (~$46 for two after tax/tip at dinnertime). I'm a newcomer to Indian food but this is the best I've had so far! Will definitely be coming back.
Skip this place if your looking for good authentic Indian food... The roti was more like a pita toasted and the raita was sweet. The food was blah No achar just mango jelly and my butter chicken well white meat chicken squares in orange sauce. Staff was super nice and attentive.
Got the lunch special when I stopped in.  It's a small place where you order at the counter and you sit where you'd like after you pick up your food at the stand.  The rice was great, eggplant was really good, chicken vindaloo was actually SUPER spicy and delicious (even if the chicken part was a little overcooked), but the naan was a tad dry. For $10 its not a bad deal.  I highly recommend it.
Great little place serving what tastes like home-cooked food. The samosas were yummy, but the onion fritters were to die for! The two dipping sauces were the perfect complement. Both the lamb and chicken korma were excellent. Friendly service was the cherry on top.
Excellent food, even better service. Super attentive to napkin needs which was really nice.
I placed a delivery order from here. The chicken was a little dry, but the masala sauce was spot on. My guess is that if you dine in person, the moisture of the chicken might be a bit juicier. The naan was slightly over cooked, but still very good. The rice was perfect, and they did indeed cook it to the right temperature heat-wise!
Simple menu with the classic curries and a decent lunch deal. No better than a few other spots around midtown though, and more expensive. In particular the curry to rice ratio is a bit disappointing. Also spice flavors were kinda limited to "hot".
I came here for an early dinner with a friend and we almost went to an all-you-can-eat Indian place before changing our minds last minute. Boy am I glad we were so indecisive, this place has some of the best Indian food I have had in a while!The restaurant is located above some other stores on the second floor, so just look for the sign and enter for a short walk-up. We were seated within 3 minutes at around 6:00PM, but the place really filled up within 30 minutes. I really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere. BTW, the dinner comes with candles! Did someone say date spot? Yeah, I did.My friend ordered the Chicken Tikki Masala and Garlic Naan. I got the 3-Course Prix Fix with Lamb Spring Roll, Chicken Makhani, and Kheer because I'm fancy like that. The curry comes with rice and the chicken itself was tender and delicious. Loved the Garlic Naan. The Lamb Spring Roll, Vegetable Samosa, and Kheer were all tasty as well.Hold up, did you say Vegetable Samosa? You didn't order that, where did it come from?Hold your horses sir/madam, I am getting to it!A while after ordering, the server brought us two Vegetable Samosas and told us it was on the house. Why? Apparently, I was too handsome. But really, he said Lamb Spring Rolls were taking too long to come out. Honestly, it wasn't long enough for me to notice, but I'm a sucker for free food, so I indulged.The service here was excellent! I really felt like a king while dining here, my cup of water was constantly filled to the brim. It was a little ridiculous how much they refilled my water: ¾ full? Refill. One sip? Refill. I really appreciate it, but I think the place could benefit from having bigger cups. It's a shame I work so far away from here, the lunch special seems to be a great deal.TL;DR Awesome food, proactive service, and cozy atmosphere.
A very delicious Indian spot. Walk up the stairs and you get to the restaurant which at first looks very hole-in-the-wall-y, but is actually nice and cozy. We came for dinner late on a Wednesday night with no reservations and had to wait a bit for our party of 2. They really struggled to get people seated quickly. Our table had been open for a good 5 minutes or so and simply needed to be wiped down. It was a bit frustrating as the host was just standing around during that time and could've done so quickly. The food was terrific! The samosa was great in a nice duo of sauces. We got the aloo gobi and the chicken vindaloo (such good quality chicken and very spicy and heavily curry flavored). The menu is somewhat limited - no briyani for example - but it's expected for a small place. I do wish they served raita and naan with it and not charge extra. I know many Indian places do this, but I do think it'd be a nice add-on for the prix fix menu. The rice pudding was barely edible. I LOVE rice pudding and this one tasted almost flavorless - I do wish you got your pick of a desert when you order the prix fix!We will still come back though!
Definitely skeptical of getting good indian food in the city but Bengal Tiger changed my mind. The rosemary nann was killer. I ended up doing the 3 prix fix and had the Baigan Bhartha as the entree. The eggplant was spiced perfectly and not overbearing.The place is kinda small but the atmosphere is calming.
This place is just okay. You get what you pay for as it is very reasonably priced. We ordered the spicy vindaloo and it was unnecessarily over spiced to the point that we couldn't actually taste the dish properly. I'm Indian and can handle hot food. The naan bread was alright, nothing special. The service was attentive. Based on the reviews I was looking forward to this place and wish I could have written a better review about the food!
Had dinner there. Unprepossessing exterior but nice enough on the inside. Small menu and no alcohol. Decent mango lassi. Good pakora, vindaloo and CTM. Unlike another reviewer, I didn't think that the sauces were thin, however, while we ordered everything "hot" it was just hot with not much of a delicate array of spices.
Hungry tummies, tired feet - Bengal Tiger filled the bill. Got the lunch specials. Was pleasantly surprised how spicy the Vindaloo was.
I came here a few weeks ago with the boyfriend and it was divine! We came for an early dinner around 5:00pm on a Friday and pretty much had the place to ourselves! Waitstaff is incredibly kind and knowledgable and always on their toes! Several waiters made sure our glasses were full and genuinely cared if we enjoyed our food. And when walking out, we were thanked by several of them for coming in. Now that's 5 star service! We got the prix fixe which is an excellent deal and actually a TON of food. We struggled to finish more than 60% of our meal from being stuffed!!! The chicken tikka masala was superb, and the chicken vindaloo was VERY spicy but so good. My boyfriend really doesn't normally like spicy food but was certainly impressed with the food and the amazing flavor they pack into these meals! The basmati rice was delicious and the kheer (rice pudding dessert) is exactly what you need after a spicy and satisfying meal. My only tip for management is to add less garlic to the garlic naan! Was a bit hard to eat with so much garlic. I'd recommend yelpers to try their other flavors of naan.All in all it was an excellent experience and will definitely be returning!
If you are in NYC and are looking for good Indian, do not be led astray by the fancy decor and bright lights of other establishments. This is the real deal. It's small and intimate and the staff takes such good care of you. You feel like you might be in someone's rectangular shaped apartment eating a cozy dinner with friends.  As soon as you walk in you smell all the spices and you just know it's going to be an enjoyable meal.  We all opted on getting the 3 course fixed menu for $17.95 because you can't beat that deal. Appetizer, entree and dessert!  Vegetable Samosa (pea and potato turnover) and I got the Tikka Masala (light cream tomato sauce, grilled chicken). We topped it off with a basket fresh cilantro naan, some of the best I've ever had. I can't recommend this place more if you are feeling an Indian vibe while you are in the city.
Was craving Indian food and was searching on Seamless for a good place. On Seamless, they are labeled similarly to on Yelp. They are rated relatively high and their price range is $$. It seemed like a solid choice for my cravings.I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo. It was great, perfect amount of spice! I have had some that are so spicy you can't eat it. This was spicy, but satisfying and not too crazy. The delivery time was also as expected. They said it would be there at 8:30 and it came at 8:35. They called me and were right at my front door. It was perfect service. I will DEFINITELY order from them, and I will definitely go in for a sit down meal soon!
This is not Indian food. Breads were not cooked properly and all the entrees just tasted like garlic and ginger.
Fantastic Indian food. The aroma of the restaurant was incredible and the food was full bodied, flavorful and rich. The meat samosas were delicious. All white meat chicken in the Vindaloo, lamb Korma was just mildly spicy and so creamy and nutty. The naan was soft and very lightly crispy-- absolutely perfect.  BYOB so we stopped at a wine store a block away and picked up a bottle of Chardonnay that was perfectly paired with the meal. Service was friendly and we were not rushed to leave after the meal. Wonderful all around-- is come back again and again.
First time trying Indian food with the boyfriend! It was absolutely delicious. Small, but cozy place. I recommend the 3 course meal for only $18.95 each with a mango lassi (smoothie). I Can't wait to go back soon!
You can find hundreds and thousands of other animals in the jungle but very few TigerThis place has the right name and the quality of the food and their service makes them stand out Perfectly cooked and served with smile
This is a cute little gem in midtown! The food was tasty, made perfectly spicy and the staff was very accommodating. The chicken tikka (I believe that's what it was) under the appetizers was a tiny bit dry but still yummy- ask for the green chutney to really give it a kick! The mango lassi is amazing, not too sweet or heavy. The price is perfect for the portions and service is quick. On the day we went, it was cash only but not sure if that's an everyday thing or if their systems were down. Id call and check before visiting!
Was in the area and came in for lunch today.  Lunch special prices were great and the food was great in general. The quantity of food was also more than expected.4 stars and not 5 because of two things that happened:First, I ordered vindaloo. Vindaloo is supposed to be very spicy. And as such I was warned twice about it when I was ordering. However when I got the food, it was nowhere near the spice that vindaloo should be. Not an authentic experience.Secondly, I asked for water, but no water came with my order. I went back to the counter and both employees were standing back there on their phones. One was talking and the other texting, oblivious that a customer was waiting for them.
Long wait but worth it. The tikki masala was on point and plenty of veggie options for the wife. Great value for the quality and quantity of food you get. Left feeling stuffed!
Great price for great food. Usually you get 2 little pieces of naan for that price at other places. Here you get a decent sized platter of deliciousness. Plus everything else was awesome. It got me laid so
Believe the reviews!  Excellent food & service! We tried the prix fixe dinner. Good value.We tried the vegetable samosa (it's quite large), chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, & garlic naan.Everything was delicious and flavorful with just the right amount of spices.The waitstaff was so attentive and sincere. Rare find.We'll definitely be back...highly recommended.
A weakness of mine is Indian food and a cool vibe. Fast, polite, seat yourself, yay.Order the lunch special at 9 bucks and you won't need to eat for the rest of the day. You get two main dishes bread and rice. I am pretty sure I over ordered, but nothing could be easier than leftover Chicken Tikka Masala!I can't wait to come here on a snowy day.
Really great food, nice cozy atmosphere. Went pretty early on a Sunday and got the last table so assuming it gets pretty busy at peak times. Had garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, daal, lamb korma and rasmalai for dessert and everything was delicious! Also, it's BYOB so it was nice to enjoy some wine with dinner. They didn't even charge us the $5 corkage fee listed on their menu. Highly recommend and we will be returning!
Amazing authentic Indian food with a homemade taste. The pakoras are a must. The vindalo was a bit spicy but still amazing. Priced very well for what you get.
What a find... If you can find it!  I don't think I can find the words here if you love Indian food!  Look for the address and a door leading to a stairway!The tastiest Chicken Tikka and Samosas we have ever had!  The 3 course meal is the way to go!  Small place so get there early and try to sit by the window to get a great view of the street!  Portions are plenty and you can tell that all the workers there care about your experience at their Restraunt!  Best Value by Far in NYC!
Came in for lunch on a weekday before heading out east and it was busy so I got some food to go. Which resulted in probably the best meal I've had in Penn Station. The food was great and filling for a reasonable price from a cozy little walk up restaurant. Thank you fellow yelpers for the recommendation.
Echo everything else that has been said. Lunch special is amazing deal. Nice atmosphere for dining in (byo policy doesn't hurt matters). Super kind and competent service. LOVE BENGAL TIGER
Amazing authentic Indian food!!!!!!!  Must visit.  I'd recommend the curry chicken- spicy!!  The service is phenomenal too.
Vegetable samosa was really excellent. Had two chicken dishes, tikka marsala and tandoori. Both very good - really good quality white meat. Regular Marsala not spicy at all so get it spicy if you like it hot. Baigon bharta was very flavorful. Overall very good service. Will definitely come back.
The Korma was amazing, the naan was hot and delicious. Definitely a recommend for a quick bite!
Food was average, paneer was good but veg korma was below par. Restrooms were not very clean. Overall just ok experience
**BYOB - no corkage fee**Excellent, clean space with fast service and solid lunch selection at a great price.First, you walk up this narrow, "meh" looking staircase and think you're about to end up in some hole in the wall.  However, this Indian establishment is unlike the others in Midtown in that it is super clean, modern, and not yet ridiculously crowded.  You're able to have a nice, un-rushed lunch here with plenty of natural lighting.Opt for the lunch combo and it runs you $8.26 for 2 main dishes and a choice of brown/basmati rice and naan.  Add $1 for lamb choices.  This means you can go all veggie, meat + veggie, or meat + meat.  I don't think food is cooked to order - it comes out pretty fast.I went for the lamb vindaloo and mashed eggplant (forgot what the actual name was).  The lamb was tender and not too gamey, but the sauce could have had a bit more kick to it for being "vindaloo".  It had the typical dark red sauce.  The mashed eggplant (with garlic, tomatoes, and other yum ingredients) was amazing.  It was slightly tangy, not too mushy, and all the flavors came together very well.  I would definitely recommend this vegetarian side.  The naan was not special.  It tasted like pita bread and didn't give me the "ahh" satisfaction that good naan usually gives.  Basmati rice was a little on the firm side.  If it weren't for the mediocre naan, firm rice, and mildness of the vindaloo, this place would have deserved 5 stars from my  first visit.Overall, best choice for Indian food in Midtown.  Will definitely be back.
Fantastic, authentic food. Bengal Tiger is a true gem of a restaurant in midtown. Although it doesnt have a massive menu, every item on the list is perfected and delicious. Keep up the great work, Bengal Tiger, you guys are the best in the city!
I was just there last night and I loved it. I'm not really fond of Indian cuisine but after last night,it changed my outlook on Indian food.I am so impressed.Foods tasted great, real Indian food. Really good!
Cheapest eat around Manhattan I've encountered during my visit. Awesome price & delicious food. Note : Spicy here means 6-7 out of 10 since the regular was spicy for me . Chai tea AWESOME . Mango Lassi AWESOME - consistency was like a thick drinkable yogurtFood itself was very delicious. Will be back on my next visit.
Incredible. Beautiful, rich flavours. Would absolutely recommend. Great value for money too.
My son ordered this to our hotel room late one night because he had to try Indian food in NYC before we left town. He has not stopped talking about it, even two weeks after being home. He says that it was the best chicken curry he has ever had. I tested it myself, and it was delicious. The portion was huge, and the price was very reasonable. He and I would recommend this to anyone looking for a late night Indian fix.
EDIT: I just received a very kind letter from the restaurant owner, who said that substitute chef was working last night. He offered us a meal on the house to make it right. As we live in NJ, I don't know when we could take him up on his offer, but I wanted to make sure this was noted.ORIGINAL REVIEW:There is supposed to be a good restaurant at this address. Did it magically get replaced just for tonight?First, the good: the staff was attentive, the space was cozy, and the water cups were distinctive.Now, everything else. The pakoras were cold and greasy. More like overcooked latkes.The baigan bharta was cold, oversalted, and overwhelmed with cumin. There was no other appreciable flavor. Nobody really ate it. I got some raita to dress it up. The raita was gloppy and sweet, like it had been made with mayonnaise.The vegetable korma was vegetables in yellow cream. No flavor, much zucchini.Now, the coconut naan. Take a supermarket pita bread. Heat. Slather with movie theater popcorn butter. Drizzle with a similarly artificial, yet altogether incongruous coconut taste. Serve.
Huge portion sizes but still delicious - we couldn't finish. Generous serving of brown or basmati rice with plain naan and two dishes of your choice for lunch for approximately $10 per person. We tried chicken tikka, chicken korma and saag paneer. All delicious. Also ordered an extra size of garlic naan, which we took back to our hotel room. The only downside - closes between 3-5pm. We got there at 2:30 and we're able to stay an extra 10-15 minutes past closing to finish our meal.
Amazing Indian food in NYC. It's on the second floor of a building and there's not much seating so go before 6PM to get a good seat, but it's worth it. The chicken tikka masala, naan, and mango chutney are perfect. The service amazing. This may sound weird but their ice water is somehow amazing too and so refreshing.The only downside if their chai. It comes in a very fancy tea cup that doesn't match the restaurant or how they make chai in India. Indian chai is sweeter and this places' chai is not at all and therefore not very good. They also don't give you much of it for the price.Other than that, I'd go back!
Awesome food - they were great with our 1.5yo daughter and made sure we had thing to entertain her and that she could eat and drink without making us feel like we were imposing.
We stumbled on The Bengal Tiger and were pleasantly surprised.  We had the Chicken Tika Masala and Chicken Curry along with Garlic Naan. They were EXCELLENT!  Our host was even gracious enough to bring us dessert because of our wait.  That wasn't expected.  Go if you get the chance!
Bengal Tiger is just what you'd want when you're on vacation looking for a good local hole in the wall place. It's intimate, decorated well and the food is fabulous. The garlic naan is to-die-for and the Tikka Masala was fantastic! So glad we found this authentic Indian restaurant!
Best Indian food ever! Visiting the city for a few days and had dinner here. We all shared everything. We ordered the chicken curry, chicken sage, chicken tikka masala, and we also got the pakora as an appetizer! Amazing!
Decent lunch place, better than typical lunch buffet but that's about it. Brown rice is very bland and dry, curries are very ordinary specially the Baigan and Saag Paneer. Indikitch has much better taste and flavorful options. But will come here again to try some more items. Gave it 4 starts for now as this is better than other places near by. But if you don't mind walking couple of blocks, will recommend Indikitch.
Food is decent. Got there too late for the lunch special however :[. I think they changed the times, lunch special ends like 30 minutes earlier now. Chicken tikka was a little dry. I've had better to be honest.
18.95 pre fixe with Mulligatawny Soup, Lamb Vindaloo and Kheer (rice pudding) on a Saturday night, in the upstairs window.  Good food, good price, good service.If only I hadn't been to a better Indian place already in Manhattan, I would be much more impressed.  Good problem to have, huh?The waiter warned me several times about the Vindaloo heat and then came back and checked to make sure I was okay.  Usually, if I think something is a little spicy, other people rate it as very spicy.  This was very hot.  For me, it was just what I look for when someone says "very spicy."  Just under masochism, with the flavor of the dish still showing through.  I mean, I don't mind a masochistic spice intensity every now and then but not as a rule anymore.  I wouldn't recommend the vindaloo to you unless you have a lifetime of heat tolerance, but it was good.The soup was good too, though not as good as the best I've had.  Check mark for the rice pudding as well.  This place has great, honest, rustic Indian food without room for complaint.  A good solid, casual showing.  Affordable, tasty and easy enough to go regularly.
I cried! I had to order a glass of milk! So spicy! Warning! The Vindaloo is REALLY spicy, the menu warns about this.I ordered the Chicken curry which was amazing. My boyfriend ordered the Vindaloo. It was really, really good. But super duper hot. The waiters and busboys are very attentive about refilling the water...I see why. My mouth was on fire.Best Indian food I have ever had, despite my tears.I had nibbles of my boyfriend's Vindaloo and sadly had to wimp out and order a glass of milk. A manager came over to ask if I was ok after I ordered the milk. My eyes were teary. Usually I don't take menu spicy warnings seriously, but take this one seriously. Order the Vindaloo with caution...or a glass of milk.The mulligatawny soup was great as well.You go up some totally sketchy stairs to get in but the inside is warm and inviting once you're there. It can get VERY busy. It was packed pretty early (~6pm) on a weeknight.
The food is excellent... When I'm in NYC this is normally one of my first dinner stops. I'm a sucker for a good vindaloo and this one of my favorites. There is usually a line upstairs but I've never waited more than 15-20 mins.
A delicious, inexpensive meal with attentive staff.  There is a 3 course meal that gives a generous appetizer and entree, as well as a rice pudding desert.  The spice level was perfect (6/10 for me), and the chicken Tikka Masada had perfext, succulent tender bites of chicken.   Also BYOB, though I didn't make use of it.
Love this place for lunch! Convenient to offices near or around 5th ave. Very nice cashier, very affordable lunch special. Make sure to call your order in or walk-in and order as opposed to using eat24.com to place your order -- it's $1.00 more online and not a huge advantage. Chicken vindaloo was great, naan was great, very good value!
Bengal Tiger is not only the best Indian food I've had it NYC, it may just be the best Indian food I've had EVER! This place did it right with the food and service from start to finish.We called to make reservations while on Amtrak and they offered to save a table for 6 people and told us they would have the table ready for us as long as we called 10 minutes before our arrival. That was just the beginning of what was exceptional service from start to finish.At first glance, we were surprised by 2 things: (1) This place is BYOB so come prepared! and (2) It is a bit of a hole in the wall. We actually thought we had the wrong place and were walking up stairs into someone's apartment. The inside was a long narrow hallway with a kitchen and one restroom in the back and sparse decorations. That being said, decorations and ambiance are no substitution for stellar food and service. Our waiter provided fantastic recommendations and descriptions of each dish. He even offered options by spice level so that we could try to callibrate our tastes to the level of spiciness. For 6 people with a range of spice tolerance, this was no easy task. The chef did an excellent job cooking to our specifications. The waiter also provided us with directions to the nearest Duane Reade so that we could grab beer for the table.The food was fantastic! We had 3 different types of naan - garlic, coconut (whose sweet flavor was an excellent match for some of the more spicy food) and a 3rd which I forgot and did not try. They have a great 3 course prix fix which includes an appetizer, entree (lamb, chicken, or vegetarian) and dessert for $17.95 - a steal for how much food you get and for the quality. Each one of us shared our plates - chicken vindaloo (spicy), lamb saag, and chicken marsala. We thoroughly enjoyed each one. Despite being hungry, we were unable to complete everything and left more than full. The next day we were craving the food again. As if the food and service was not already phenomenal, as we were getting ready to leave the staff brought out extra dessert with candles (they had overheard that there was a birthday at our table) and sang happy birthday. Fantastic experience all-around. Well done Bengal Tiger!
I've never had Indian food before so I wanted to make my first experience special. I'm so glad I decided to try out this place first because it was by far the BEST (and only) Indian food I've ever had. We loved the 3-course prix fix menu, it gave us plenty of options to try out each course. We got Appetizer: Mulligatawny Soup (Comfort food! perfect for the cold weather in NYC)Entree: Tikka Masala & Tandoori Chicken Tikka (they don't offer this dish on the prix fix menu so we ordered it as a separate entree)Dessert: Kheer, which is cashew nut rice pudding. It was sweet and delicious! The price was VERY reasonable and the service was superb. This place was way more than expected. As I do not live in NYC, I'm definitely going to miss this place.
I love the lamb curry! My husband had the "hot" lamb (can't remember the exact name) and it was also great! The place is cute, but small- or cozy. Tip: if you want wine, best BYOB. There is a small corking fee. I would def go back!
Nice cozy restaurant in midtown.  Very unassuming unless you're looking for it.  The different sauces were very tasty (rich buttery taste) and the spice-level was good (maybe a bit mild).My table ordered the pakora, the chicken tiki masala, lamb vindaloo and aloo gobi matar.  The waiter mixed up our pakora with the samosas, but graciously offered us the samosas on the house.  The spicy sauce that came with the pakora and samosas was pretty delicious, just enough kick.  The other dishes--the chicken tiki masala, lamb vindaloo and aloo gobi matar came in small metal bowls.  Portions are a little on the small side so be sure to order some rice and naan to fill you up.  My favorite sauce was the tiki masala because of the butter.  The chicken was white meat so it seemed a little on the dry side for my liking.  The vindaloo sauce was rather spicy in my opinion.  The aloo gobi matar was pretty good.  I would probably go again just for the tiki masala.
Their lunch special is a great deal. They serve generous portions and the food is delicious. The brown rice is flavorful, seasoned with cumin seeds. My favorite dishes are the Chicken Tikka Masala and Aloo Gobi. The Chana Masala is also very good. I find the naan can be hit or miss, though. Perhaps it depends on when you go?  The first time I got lunch from here it was tough and chewy, but recently it's been soft. It is perfect for soaking up the sauces!
Had a quite memorable meal here at Bengal Tiger on a cold Saturday night. The wait was definitely somewhat of a chore but not unexpected given how popular and small this place is. We waited about 20-30 min for a table and the restaurant have enough seats about maybe 20-25 people total.However once we sat down it was definitely well worth the wait. They did a really really good job with waiter service that multiple people constantly going around I was really pleasantly surprised at how organized and efficient they are at taking orders and getting the food out. They even have another person focused on just refilling water and beverages for the entire restaurant, definitely makes sense seeing how the place is tiny.The $19.95 prefix menu is definitely a great choice to try out several items at once. The Tikka Masala and Naan are easily worth 5 stars alone but I really like the Saag dish as well. I've had quite countless of Indian dishes around NY and this is without a doubt one of the best ones I've tasted in the area. The portions were larger than I expected that I had to take the Kheer rice pudding dessert to go along with plenty of leftovers.Despite the long wait I left the restaurant very full and happy that I'm very fortunate to have try out this amazing Indian restaurant.
This review is on a take away order and i have to say that i was pleased with the food offered at this restaurant.Is it authentic indian food? No but who cares as long as it is fresh and the flavours are here.I knocked 1 star for the amount of rice offered as side to the generous portion of chicken makhani.The level of spices is well balanced and if you choose your dish spicy then you are going to be happy as it is without being way too much.My advice is to take some mango lassi to wash off the spicy taste afterward.The naan bread offered as we check in on Yelp is a very good point and they know about it.Will definitely go back.
Amazing food. Had dinner here on a Saturday night. No reservations here. Waited about 20 minutes and were seated. The inside is small and the decor is nice. The staff were super friendly and very attentive. We ordered the Samosa, Garlic Naan, Chicken Tikka Masala (Medium Spice) and Tandoori Chicken. It was all delish. Loved the flavors. Wow you have to order the garlic naan which was my favorite though. Amazing!!!! We also ordered the Mango Lassi which I wish they sold this in most smoothie places cause wow! this establishment is a BYOB, but only wine and beer which is of course understandable. I love it here. I will definitely be back.
Fantastic little hole in the wall. Food is fantastic, wait staff is excellent, prices are reasonable and portions are large. Legit good Indian food. I couldn't come here too often, since the food is SOOOO heavy, but it's SOOOO delicious. The place is tiny, so expect to wait if you come during peak hours. It's worth it. Also, the stairs are steep and creaky, so just a heads up; there's not an elevator option to my knowledge. Good food, good drinks, good desserts. They have the trifecta and they have my love.
The food is amazing here! We got Paneer Makhani, Malai Kofta, Daal, Garlic Naan and Roti. Everything was fabulous! My friends loved it too. Very warm staff and great service. I am from Chicago but I go here every time I am in NYC
Really good Indian food near Central Park. We were walking back from a visit to the Metropolitan Museum of Art and intentionally sought this place out. It's upstairs in a small space that makes me think of old NYC. Fantastic friendly service rounds out a great meal. The lamb curry is exceptional.
We found this place on Yelp and decided to try it. Despite often being in the neighborhood for my commute, I'd never heard of this place.They had great food and were extremely quick (too quick really) with their service. The food was really good but they asked us if we were finished multiple times when we clearly weren't and there was still food on our plates. Other than that, it was a good experience. If you're in the area, I think it's a good choice.
As good as ever.  Unless my memory is failing me, this was my go-to spot when I lived here over 20 years ago. After an excursion to the Top of the Rock with my family, my husband made a request  for Indian cuisine. Our girls didn't know what to expect as we walked up the unassuming stairs to the second floor. This was their first experience with Indian food. We requested mild (but super spicy for Marc). Everything was superb. Chicken tikka masala, chicken Korma, vegetable Korma, and chicken vindaloo. YUM!
Came here a while ago in February when I was visiting a friend in New York.What I remember was that this place has really great service- they filled my water up so many times! Wait staff all very friendly and helpful! I got the Chana masala (chickpeas) and my friend got the chicken tikka masala as part of her 3 course price fixed menu! They have  3 course price fixed menu for $19.95 which includes an appetizer, main entree and dessert! I thought the Chana masala was pretty good- pretty spicy, but I was almost hoping it'd be a little thicker. My friend's chicken tikka masala was good, but again definitely had a strong kick from the spice. I honestly found that the food was average compared to other places I've tried. It had a really nice intimate setting and a pretty romantic vibe with mostly candlelight, so maybe a good place for a first date and if you're looking for a good deal- price wise, I thought it was worth it.
My go-to casual spot for Indian food! The staff is always so friendly and the food come out fast. There is usually a short wait during peak dinner hours due to the small space but it is definitely worth it.
Dont be decieved by the stairwell entrance. Nice restaurant wifh great currys, and got free naan bread with yelp check in. Wait staff were friendly.
The restaurant was very nice, service was good and food was delicious. I took off 1 star because my chicken tikka masala was a bit too sweet for me. Also got 1 free naan for check in.
Really good service and I loved the tiger design that all the staff wear. The decor and ambiance is very pleasant. Price point is also good considering this is midtown.My friends and I ordered two Naans, cilantrol and garlic. The baingan bharta curry, and chicken tikka curry. We also ordered a spinach appetizer I can't remember what it was called. I would say overall the food was just okay. The tikka could be a bit more creamy/smooth and the baingan bharta could use a bit more pizazz.Not sure I would come again, but would recommend for others to check out.
Delicious. I ordered chicken masala and lamb curry. My friend order chicken homemade curry and chicken korma. Cheapest meal I had in NYC for my vacation. Portion is good, we couldn't finish them but I think for lunch is good
Having jet lag means getting cravings to eat at random times throughout the day. Good thing we were in NYC, in which restaurants are commonly open during the lunch-dinner break. We came in here for a 3pm "lunch" which was enjoyed by all members of our party.It was a bit intimidating when they asked us for a spice level "between 3 and 7 stars". That's when I knew this place was the real deal :D! Between all of us we tried the saag paneer, chicken tikka masala, and I think the vindaloo (?). Everything we tried was delicious, and the free naan (from checking in on yelp) was a perfect complement to the meal.Service was very good and attentive. The place, while not full, was far from empty, even for being 3 in the afternoon. There were also some lunch specials that were only available on weekdays--definitely take advantage if you happen to stop in then!
This place never fails to disappoint. I used to live close by and it was my go to Indian restaurant. Even after moving downtown I will still take a trip uptown because I am craving it. The samosas to start are delicious. It comes with a spicy cilantro sauce that is amazing. My go to is the chicken tikka masala. It is perfect with garlic naan. I also like their house curry. It tastes similar but better for those who don't like a tomato taste. I will say I love spicy food. Normally I'd order a 8/10 spicy level. I have ordered the chicken vindaloo from here and it was a 15/10. I could hardly eat it. They have a warning which I shrugged off because I like spicy...but believe them! It's spicy. This place is also BYOB which is another thing I love.
I thoroughly enjoyed this place! They have some of the best Indian foods in the city. I ordered chicken tikka masala with garlic naan, and left satisfied for a delicious lunch. It's a great place for a casual lunch or dinner. I think it's also a great place for someone who'sa  never tried Indian cuisine.
Ready...Start your engines! I hope you can eat as fast as a Bengal Tiger because you'll need to be able to! The mission: You and your friends have a finite amount of minutes to eat your meal in peace! If you fail you will be harassed and there is no subtlety! They do not want you here no more, and it's time to take that booty out the door! Don't be fooled by the speed eaters here, and forget about enjoying your meal. If you love Game Shows and perhaps the Price is Right game, Beat the Clock, then this is a great place to train for it.
Above and beyond efforts to cater to families with small children.  Wonderful introduction to the city and restores small town charm in NYC.  Lamb curry THE dish to order..  go garlic naan!
This place was awesome! Me and my Grandmother came here I am from LA she live in Boston I found this place on yelp and it was excellent! Service was wonderful, filled water promptly, wonderful food. I would definitely come back!
Great food! Great ambiance! But what won me over was the wait staff. They were so attentative, not overwhelming in anyway. But they made me feel comfortable enough that I can ask for anything and they will provide it.
Their mango lassi is the best I've ever had. It tasted so fresh! Their food is also very fresh. Love  everything we ordered (vegetable samosa, lamb spring roll, saag paneer, chicken vindaloo). It was worth the wait! This place is BYOB. Their corkage fee is $2 per bottle of beer and $5 per bottle of wine.
Came on a whim. Got weirded out that it was on the second floor. Got over myself and went up for dinner. GREAT decision. Food is REALLY good. Service is friendly and attentive. Restaurant is CLEAN. I'll be back here soon!
Really great Indian food restaurant. We ordered two curries, one chicken one lamb. Both of them are delicious!!! The nan is good and service is good! It is on the less spicy side, which I prefer.The decoration is a little bit too simple but if you want to have good food and don't care too much of the environment, this place works perfect for you!
The reviews were great for this place so I decided to try it. I was not impressed the food did not have great taste and the lamb tasted like roast beef. I was told the Lamb vindaloo was hot but it wasn't. Not great.
Amazing food and service! Delish!! We had the Paneer Makhani, Chana Masala, Garlic Naan and Vegetable Samosas. It was the perfect meal. I highly recommended Bengal Tiger and will return.
Raita totally ruined it for me. It was so creamy with a whacky taste, couldn't eat more than a few spoons. Panner makhani was average. Many better Indian restaurants around. Take your business elsewhere in Manhattan.
This place has so incredibly delicious food.  We ordered the lamb vindaloo and the tandoori chicken.  Both had wonderful favors, even the raita that came with the tandoori chicken.  Just delicious.  Love that it's a BYOB too.  Can't wait to get back here again soon
A hidden gem in Manhattan.  Very nondescript spot that deserves more recognition for excellent quality food and attentive service.  It is a BYO establishment.  The meals appear to be prepared one at a time and certainly taste that way.  The lamb curry was spicy but not hot to the point of killing the excellent taste that was embedded with the multiple spice elements.  Cardamom was prominent and indeed made such an aromatic curry come to life.  What a taste sensation.  The accompanying order of mango chutney was superfluous but indeed did add more complexity to the excellent taste of the lamb.  The samosas were piping hot and spicy but not overpowering.  Crispy outside but not excessively thick to the point of taking over the wonderfully spicy and aromatic vegetable filling. The chickpeas were superb.  A curry sauce with a deep mix of spices that made the dish explode with flavor in your mouth.  Firm but not crunchy chickpeas with the aromatic basmati rice were a perfect combination.  We went for medium to high heat and it was the right choice.  What a find!  I came here because the Yelpers said it was that good, and it is!  Price to quality ratio and great service make this a 5.
We are a group of three who arrived at the restaurant, with no prior reservation, around 8:30pm. The restaurant is small and was busy. We had to wait around 15 minutes to be seated. During this wait, the staff were excellent and attentive to us. We were given an appetizer on the house to enjoy while waiting which was a nice touch. We ordered one each if the plain naan, garlic naan and cilantro naan. My personal favourite was the cilantro naan. In addition we tried the paneer makhani, chicken makhani and raita. Everything tasted great. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone in NYC who likes indian food.
I love lunch specials! For $9.19, you get two choices of entree (I went with Chicken Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer, but there are plenty of veggie, chicken, or lamb options), brown or basmati rice, and naan. There isn't a ton of seating, but we managed to find a spot. The food was tasty, and I couldn't even finish my whole portion. The service was really friendly and quick, and I'll definitely go back if I'm in the area.
Not bad, not great. I had chicken korma and the chicken was a little tough and dry. I guess I was just expecting a little more.
Worth the wait! Get the coconut naan, and the samosas. But make sure you still have room for your entree! So good, I was stuffed!!!!
Beyond delicious food, incredible service, fun and charming staff and manager, great crowd and despite being packed and a short 30min wait in close quarters we had a fantastic time! BYOB was a nice treat (head to the wine and spirits store over on 55th st. close by.) Best Indian food, plus the seating caused us to make friends with the table next to us. Thank you so much! Can't wait to head back again.
Wow! Awesome restaurant! Friendly yet meticulous service. Great chicken tikka masala, spicy and hearty. The lentil soup was thick and tasty and the lamb korma was delicious as well. You can bring your own beer for a small fee, I'd recommend doing that. Also, don't miss the rice pudding with nuts for dessert.
Good ambience, but not an authentic indian taste.curries are on the sweeter side- do not taste good. Would not recommend if you are looking for authentic indian food in NY
Tasty and authentic place. The chicken was a little bit "well done", but overall a very good experience. Service was good, and prices are reasonable. Recommended.
The food was really good and the place is clean. I highly recommend this place if your craving Indian food and the service was fast.
horrible food.curries were terrible. dal was the worst. this place was worse than many $ indian food restaurants i have been to. save your money and try any other indian restaurant
Bengal Tiger is a great spot for affordable Indian food in Midtown. We didn't try it for a while because the address is West 56th street, but it's not that far from the East side. The pakora are the best I've had. They are slightly spicy with lots of a onion and a little spinach. This is the appetizer for everyone. The Samosa are also very good. The entrees are generously portioned. The chicken tikka masala has a nice tomato flavor, is a bit spicy, and has a sufficient amount of very juicy chicken. If you like Indian food and don't want to break the bank, check out Bengal Tiger!
A wonderful find (thanks, Yelp). Delicious food and great choices of different naan flavors. We enjoyed the quiet background music and great service!
The food was tasty but the quantity was too much and so was the price. It felt like I was eating at an indian mess, where food  had turned out to be tasty. The restaurant offers self-service,  but food comes served in the plate directly from the kitchen, which turned me off. The ambience is good, but the place is relatively small. Good for people - on-the-go, not for family visits.
Simple, great tasting, non-pretentious, simple menu, great value...can't really ask for more.  The seating is limited, so that can be a pain but going a bit after standard lunch time works okay.
Awesome spot for a quick lunch. Food is really inexpensive but great quality. Small dining room but cozy feeling. Would recommend.
Absolutely phenomenal, food was delicious, staff is very attentive, prices are great. Definitely must try!
I have a feeling that, despite being from New York, Trump has never eaten at this restaurant and that makes him a poor man, indeed.  Every mouthful of the meal - from the soup to the chicken saag to the kheer -  was a delight.  Balanced spices, creamy textures, tender meats and copious serving sizes!  The service was attentive and patient and friendly.  A must-go for lovers of Indian food!
The service was excellent and the ambience was really nice. They have the best naan. I ordered the Aloo Gobi Mattar and it was pretty good, but I have had better. I would definitely return here though.
Surprisingly, pretty good Indian food. Wasn't sure what to expect, but seeing that this restaurant has pretty good yelp ratings, I decided to give it a try.I had the Chicken Tikki Masala from the lunch special which was $9. Unlike most Indian restaurants in the area, the chicken was actually quite flavorful. It came with rice and naan, and for the price, was a pretty good value. I wish the chicken had more gravy though.The place doesn't look fancy, but doesn't look like a cheap restaurant either. There's no waiter service, so you pick up your food and chose any table that you like.
Food is very good, price is reasonable, service is really friendly and accommodating.
Want Indian food? You better freakin' get your ass to Bengal Tiger!For the price you pay, you get SO much food. I've always done Indian buffetts in the past, but the ones in New York are a bit on the pricier side and the quality isn't always great. At Bengal Tiger, the 3-course prixe fixe dinner for around $20 is high quality and will fill you up completely.I started with the samosa for my meal, followed by the chicken tikka masala, and the kheer. Our table also ordered some garlic naan to share.I've never loved samosas. They just never seemed that appetizing to me. But oh man, when I got this samosa at Bengal Tiger, I just wanted to eat them nonstop. They're so good! The sauce that they have on the side is extremely flavorful and the samosas themselves have the perfect crunch without being too greasy or oily.The chicken tikka masala was absolutely delicious. I love that it comes in this cute little metal bowl. I paired the chicken tikka with the rice and garlic naan and was in heaven. Their naan is soft, but crispy, and the garlic isn't overpowering. This was key, since a lot of garlic naan I've had before just tasted straight up like garlic. The portion size is veeeeery generous and I saved some of the chicken and rice to take home and snack on later.Their kheer though was also so fantastic! I love rice pudding and this rice pudding has the perfect consistency. You can taste the cashews and the kheer itself is not too sweet.Service was great and the restaurant is extremely clean. It's a bit on the small side (upstairs of the building), but their dark wood tables are beautiful and creates an intimate feel. Definitely my go to Indian place, and they are even on Seamless for delivery!
My wife and I, being hardcore Indian cuisine lovers, went on a frantic search to find THE Indian joint to frequently visit. We're new to NYC, so our selection is purely based on recommendations. Going through many sad ones, it was a bit depressing. However, once we tried Benghal Tiger, we were both happy and disappointed (and the review will be adjusted in the future).At first glance, this place was the real deal. The serving sizes were perfect, and the appetizers (veggie samosa) was amazing, so we knew this place knew how to make it right. Sadly, although the food itself was good, but he flavors had a missing spice or two that made a mildly spicy dish taste dull. And even though we requested the food to be spicy, they seemed like they were still was playing it safe. This could be due to multiple of reasons, but it changed our experience greatly.Once we were done, we were left with a sweet taste that will probably the reason why we might come back to explore be rest of the menu.The prices, however, kind of discouraged us from fully exploring the next time we'll be here, as we paid a bit too much for so little.
Worst indian food I had so far. Service and ambience is good, but vegitable curries and pathetic. I orderd panner tikka masala and vegitable tikka masala. Felt like throwing money in water!!
Really good Indian food and at a super reasonable price. I got the palak paneer and the chicken tikki masala for lunch and the sauce for the chicken tikki masala was so good. I wanted to dip all the naan I got in it. The lunch portion is really big, comes with rice and naan in addition to the two side choices. If I'm ever craving Indian food, this is the first place I would think of.
Absolutely fantastic food!! Such friendly service and really good quality food. A queue to get in but they worked so hard to seat us as soon as possible. We would definitely come back again. The Vindaloo was not too hot for us Aussies :)
Delicious food! I was craving indian food so I walked over to Bengal Tiger and had a chicken tikka masala and saag paneer lunch pack. The lunch packs come with rice and naan and are generous portions for a great price. Definitely a new lunchtime staple of mine.
Cute place to jump into- food was good, but it's small inside, the wait goes by quickly!  We order 3 entrees to split between 2 people and it was way too much food- bonus BYOB!
So delicious! Coming here with a friend on a Friday night before a show, we were lucky to be immediately seated. It's great to have this option for non-chain food in the theatre district. We ordered the saag lamb and paneer, which came with rice, and one order of garlic naan. This was plenty of food for two. The quality of the dishes was excellent, some of the best I've had in the city. It felt very ungreasy, the meat was good quality and really tender, and I wanted to soup up every last bit of the sauces. Looking forward to a repeat!
I am not exactly sure what all the rave was about this restaurant. My husband I and I came for dinner. The food was good but not anywhere near the 5-star expectation that yelp was giving. My dish was spicier than his and he asked for spicy. The naan was decent. Decent food but I am not sure it is worth waiting in line for since there are very few tables and you can't make reservations.
I was In town with my family and saw that this restaurant was close by. We really enjoyed the experience,the food was great, staff were friendly and attentive and everything was very reasonably priced. I will definitely eat here again.
Came to this place on January 6 for 2 birthdays celebration.  It was a group of 7 and one really dopey friend of mine went straight to the restaurant instead of the meeting point elsewhere.  So she decided to ignore all my text messages of where to meet and came straight to the restaurant and proceeded to ask for a table for 6!  She keeps calling me to tell me to hurry. Try hurrying 6 people who needed to go to different banks to get money before we all get there. Took us a good 15 minutes to finally get to the place. The place is small but they were so nice to let my friend take up a space for 6 for 15 minutes.  Usually in NY they wouldn't even entertain the notion of seating you until everyone is there. Then the realization hit and I said oh we need one more chair, seriously my friends don't freaking listen to me! I told her the number of people and she decided to minus one.  Instead of getting huffy, the servers were nice and said they will get us a chair.  They were just so nice for waiting and never given us an attitude about needing another chair.You know the food is good when there is a consistent line for this small place, people waited 20 minutes.  I had the Vegetable Samosa which was delicious with the sauce.  I also tried my friend's Pakora which was even tastier.  My main course was my favorite, Chicken Tikka Masala. I am definitely coming back because of this dish.  I also tried my friends' Saag and Curry Chicken.  They were good too but I loved my Chicken Tikka. We had an order of garlic naan too which was a bit chewy but it was garlicky.  Only thing I did not care for was the rice pudding but my friends liked it so I gave it to them.  Even though there was a line of people, the servers never once rushed us.  They were also very attentive during the whole meal, never once did we ask for water refill.  Once my friend dropped a fork, before he could even pick it up, someone was there to pick it up and brought another.  I absolutely love this place.
Sweet little spot in midtown.  We were a big party (11), which can be hard to seat in Manhattan. ..more so in such a tiny spot, but they were very gracious.  About ten minutes after being seated the place became packed, so time your visit carefully.  We just ordered a variety of dishes....the lamb biryani was excellent.  Chicken Tikka Masala was also excellent.  Some dishes had a touch of sweeetness, but it was still delicious.   Huge samosas and there were two per order.  The naan was fresh and hot...we particularly liked the garlic naan.  The restaurant is byob, with no corkage fee...a huge bonus.  The best part, lunch for 11 for leas than $130.
Delicious and really authentic. Great staff, we love the service and hospitality. Will be back!
Great place for Great Indian! Small dining area that keeps it personal. Great attentive service, Great flavors and yes, great pricing too. Second floor walk up. If more restaurants could be cheaper on second floors, I'm more than happy to walk up!
Really good food. My boyfriend and I ordered the 3 course option. I was so full and didn't have room for desert. I ordered the vegetable samosa for my appetizer and had the chicken tikamasala for my main course. This was my first time having Indian food and it was so good. Great food and great staff.
Extremely accommodating and friendly staff, and the food was very good! We were in a rush to make it to a show, and the waiter was considerate enough to get us in and out quickly! My only suggestion for improvement would be to add more garlic to the garlic naan. But otherwise, an A+!
In town for business and stopped by for carry out on my way back to the hotel after meetings. Ordered the tikka and mulligatawny. Both were good and the portions were ample for the price, especially in this area of NYC.
Hands down best Indian food in Manhattan! I have been here twice with the greatest Indian foodies and the greatest Indian cook I know and they have loved this place too!Place was thronged both times I was here and waited 10 minutes the first time and 20 the second time but no regrets, totally worth the wait. Both were weekdays. They don't take reservations. Delicious samosas and pakora made perfect appetizers. Two chutneys served with them were absolute perfection!The menu is small, selected dishes on the menu but everything on it is really good and authentic. I highly recommend garlic naan which was nice and fluffy.  Daal tadka which goes very well with rice was brilliant!If you are a fan of Bengali sweets, you have to try their killer Ras Malai! It is so insanely delicious that I packed an order of it for home both times.It's a BYOB place. So bring your bottles along to quench your thirst. Staff is efficient and courteous. One of them suggested us to get 3 naans instead of 4 for the party of 4 because the portions of naan are huge and he was right. Also, the food spicy level was tailored to our request. Great place, love the food and the vibe! :)
Went here for a quick dinner. The service was great - our waters were constantly field up. The portions are large and the food was good. Nothing to complain about. The prices are very reasonable as well.
The food was excellent.  The service was great.  Cute upstairs space.  They don't have a liquor license but you can bring your own.
No options for soy intolerance/allergy. If this is your case, you can go to Mughlai instead.
An excellent BYOB spot for great Indian food. I came on a Friday night for dinner with a friend. They don't take reservations so you should expect a wait, but we only waited about 20-25 minutes. Food was delicious, I got the chicken tikka masala. Prices were extremely fair, only a $36 tab for the two of us for two main entrees and a side of naan. My only complaint was that it took us about fifteen minutes to get someone to come over and open our second bottle of wine. We asked one server several times, but I think he was having a hard time understanding us. Definitely recommend this place!
Service was fast, restaurant was pretty cool and prices were about right. And having moved from the UK to North America were excited to experience good Indian food again having read the reviews! However...The food was, in fact, worse than average. We had the prix fix for $18 (based on Rob P's review), staring with the pakora and samosa. Both these appies were dry although reasonably flavourful. We had these alongside a side order of papodom which were a little soft and came with the same two chutneys as the appies, which was disappointing.For main we had the sag paneer and aloo gobi. These tasted like the boil-in-the-bag stuff you get at the supermarket (I suspect they may have been but with a few fresh ingredients thrown in). All you could taste was salt. Loads of salt. We only ate about half.The desert was a creamed rice dish and was kind of refreshing after all that sodium.When asked how our meal was we did tell the server it was very salty. He didn't seem much bothered by that, collected the plates and left.We walked home feeling thirsty and disappointed.
So good. I live in NJ and every time I come NYC I have to make a stop here. It's delicious, so full of flavor and the service is very good.
Amazing meal. Worth the wait. Small dining area but they are quick to seat you. Impeccable service suggesting items. Lamb vinadoo was perfectly spicy and lamb very tender. Be sure to get the onion fritters, to die for.
Came here after MOMA. Just looking for a light lunch, was fabulous, the guys were so friendly and helped to explain the menu. Homestyle curry was a total highlight. Just what we wanted and super tasty. Get into it people
A bit of a hole in the wall with amazing food and incredible service. Can BYOB. Super authentic!
Look, this is a cheap hole in the wall place. If you understand that going in you'll be fine. Staff is incredibly nice. Don't forget to bring your own bottle o' wine if you want something with your meal. Portions are large--I would ideally share a prix fix meal with another lighter eater if possible--and food is average. Solid simple fare.
Chicken Tikka Masala is pretty much a national dish in the UK and I needed to find my fix when I moved Stateside. I tried a few curry houses and kept being disappointed by the bland curries until I found Bengal Tiger. Amazing place, I have been back every fortnight since I found it. I usually start with poppadoms which are delicious here (top tip #1, ask for them with mango chutney) and then order a spicy (top tip #2) CTM, which is as spicy as their vindaloo but in my opinion tastier. It can be busy so time your visit carefully (/ring ahead) and remember it is BYOB so bring your own booze and enjoy (top tip #3; bring a beer for the queue and red wine for dinner!)
This is a great hole-in-the-wall restaurant. The atmosphere, food, and waiters were outstanding! The staff was literally the BEST that I have experienced in New York. Great place for a date night or if you are craving awesome Indian:-)
Not a great date experience for something like first date or even a 5th; however the food is excellent. I can't remember having a better tasting mango lassi or butter chicken. Europeans beware the butter chicken is on the spicy end even when you order their regular branded version.
The rest. Was above average for the price in Manhattan, n.y. Chicken tikka and lamb vindaloo.  Chicken tikka was very tender and flavorful. The lamb vindaloo was the same. But very spicy. Service was friendly and attentive.
Great food!  Simple menu.  Tried the Chicken Tikka, Korma and Makhni, all were good but the Makhni was our favorite.  Get it spicy.  Naan bread was also great and you can never go wrong with a mango lassie!
Little gem in midtown that's offers very good Indian food and you can't beat the price. The lunch specials is two dishes served with basmati rice and naan for $8.95 and the portions are very generous. Be sure to order ahead as there is a pretty busy lunch crowd. I had the vegetarian Saag Paneer and the Begian Bhartha. Both delicious but those of you who are adverse to garlic be warned! Both dishes would keep the vampires away. Be sure to keep a stash of mints handy!
I came in with a lot of high expectations because of a) the ratings obviously and b) the huge line at the door. The waiters and staff were friendly and courteous and while we were seated promptly there was a wait for others, not that that is a bad thing since they actually tried to keep people in the warmth rather than have them wait on the street. Food wise what we had was just okay. The malai kofta was alright, the roti was good but garlic naan was actually disappointing.Not sure where we went wrong with the food, but I'm vegetarian, so perhaps my choices are limited. I might come back with my meat eating friends to have them check other stuff out.
Me and my boyfriend came to eat here this last spring when we visited NYC. After walking all day in the Natural History and Met museums we were both really hungry and we both wanted to eat good food with quick service and around midtown close to where we were staying. The boyfriend loves Indian food so we both decided to give this place a go after looking at Yelp reviews and pictures.It was a rainy evening and we arrived at the restaurant shortly after the Met closed. The restaurant was not busy and only a few of the tables were occupied. It was probably because it was pouring outside and it was after dinner rush already. The ambiance was cozy and there was music playing in the background.First thing I noticed in the place was this VERY incredible smell wafting in the restaurant from the kitchen. I'm not sure if it's just because we were starving for food but by the smell of that place you know something special was being cooked in that kitchen. We were seated promptly by the guy who was our hostess, waiter, and runner. He was very nice, polite, and very helpful when I was asking for items in the menu he recommends.It has been half a year ago already so I don't exactly remember what we ordered but all I can say is that they serve REALLY good Indian cuisine here. If you're ever in Midtown and looking for a comforting and satisfying Indian food, you should check this place out.For the ambiance, food, service, and price point I give this place 5 stars.
Great food, excellent service. Came with my wife. We had tikka and I loved it. My wife loved the taste however it was a bit to spicy for her. We will be back for sure!
Ordered lunch pick of Saag Paneer and Chicken Tikka with brown rice. Not a big portion of chicken but for a dieter it's good portion control. I like the spiciness of the paneer and plenty of Tikka sauce to dip your Naan (not great for dieters). It's great! Not bad for $10 and close to work.
Great option after/before visiting MoMa!! Quality/price is amazing!! One of the best of NYC. Had chicken masala which was very good. Eggplant as side was spicy and good. Naan was amazing! Also comes with brown rice and everything for less than 10 dollars!!! Mango Lassi was delicious. Service is very efficient, I got my meal in 5 minutes (it was mid afternoon around 3PM). Would go back if in the area.
Great Indian food!  We started with the Parkora and it was absolutely delicious.  We also had the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken Tikki-something.  I loved the Masala, would get that again in a heartbeat.  Great naan as well, should have ordered the garlic naan.  Come hungry!  Nice interior, cozy, and the AC was on so it was nice and cool on a hot NYC day. Don't be fooled by the staircase from the street, wait until you get inside :)
Bengal Tiger delivered on every level.  I arrived on a weeknight at 8pm and it was standing room only in this tiny establishment, but the staff worked as quickly as possible to seat me, just a party of 1.  It took about 25 minutes, but it was worth the wait, especially since it's a 2-minute walk from a nearby hotel where I stayed.The staff is so friendly and helpful that you really can't be upset if a table is not immediately available, and their excellent service continues all the way until you walk out the door.Now, as for the food - it was fantastic!  My wife hates Indian food so when I travel for business, I seek it.  The lentil soup, Tikka Masala and wheat Naan were simply delicious.  I ordered the regular spice level on the Masala, and the flavor was terrific.  If you want more heat, they offer a spicy version as well.  In addition to the food being top-notch, the prices were hard to believe, and in a good way.  A fixed-price menu that includes an appetizer, an entree and a dessert, without a reduction in portion size, for $18 in New York?  I had to check the price twice just to be sure it was correct.Overall, Bengal Tiger is on a short list of restaurants I will visit again whenever in town.  The service and food are fantastic, and with the prices being so reasonable, this place is a steal.
I had takeout from here, and it was delicious. My GF and I ordered chicken curry, lamb curry, and a chicken kabob. It was way more than enough food for both of us. We had both plain naans and rosemary naans. The rosemary naans have a strong taste that not everyone will like.
Solid Indian food.  Had to wait 20-30 minutes because dining room very small.  Not many drink options, but the food is divine.  Stick to the Tikka Masala, garlic naan or other traditional dishes.  We will be back!
The food as fabulous, and the service, when you were being served, was friendly and helpful. However, water glasses went un-refilled for extended periods, which becomes a huge problem when you order the vindaloo. Luckily I only ordered the lamb saag (spicy), but both my dining companions ordered the vindaloo, and I sampled only after confirming I had enough water. The 3 course set meals are really good value and pretty much cover the entire menu. The issue with service seems to potentially be the cause of the lines many reviews talk about. We sat around with finished deserts trying to catch someone, (anyone's) attention for the bill, went to the bathroom, asked the cashier. It was seemingly impossible to just pay and get out. The vegetable samosa, rice, vindaloo, and saag dishes were well spiced and good sized. The rice pudding was a nice sweet treat at the end.
Seriously the best Indian food I've ever had, I ordered the chicken vindaloo and yes it is just as spicy as its stated on the menu, my server warned me again that it was a spicy dish. The flavour was incredible! Our waiter kept checking on us and offered to bring me a side of yogurt to make it less spicy as i was sweating from the heat! Our cups were never empty, another server kept coming to refill our cups.I wish we had this place in Orlando! Where I am originally from.The best part other than the food & services, were the prices!!! Specially for the location.. My dinner was cheaper than my breakfast from this morning.Next time I'm in NYC I'll definitely be visiting this place again.
Cute place, but disappointed. Usually if I don't mention the spice level I'd like for my Indian food I, begrudgingly, still understand if it's bland. Sure I look Indian, but maybe they're being courteous because I didn't mention it right? But if you specifically took the time to ask me if I wanted it mild or spicy and I said spicy why on earth would you still serve bland food?? The kheer was also mediocre. Only redeeming factor was probably the naan. Sigh.
Best most flavorful Indian food I have had in NYC and I've tried a lot of places. Their Tiki Masala sauce is some of the best I've ever had, really uniquely flavorful. I dinged them a star cause atmosphere was lacking for a $20-30 meal, really tight and up on a second floor up a dirty stairwell. Service was really good, friendly staff, a little overpriced but for the area rents got to be insane. Will go back, the most satisfying meal I've had in quite a while.
I found this place on spoilednyc.com listed as top 10 Indian restaurants in Manhattan and was very impressed by reviews too. Food was really delicious, so the service. We went there on Friday night and waited for half an hour for our table (This place is little small but hello, it's worth waiting for the food). They have dinner Prix fix menu for $17.95 and it's really good deal. This restaurant deserves 5 starts but my 4 star rating is for the choice of desserts in Prix fix menu. They only have rice pudding there but I'm not a big fan (neither my friends, i know lot of people are not big fan of rice pudding). I wish they add couple of other desserts on Prix fix.
This is a great spot near the Museum of Modern Art. It's a nice intimate space up on the second floor. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Baingan Bharta and got just right lunch sized portions that were super fresh and tasty. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. Highly recommend this place if you're looking for some good Indian eats in NYC.
Had a nice dinner here.  Had the samosa, sag paneer, garlic naan and kher.  All very good.  Very casual place on the second floor.
This was my first experience with Indian food so it may be a bit skewed, but this food was AMAZING! The environment was so warm and the staff was so friendly. My friend and I had such a nice relaxing time in this second floor restaurant overlooking the street. The food was cooked perfectly and the Rosemary naan was to die for. Definitely plan to try the coconut naan next time and explore even more of the vegetarian menu items. Overall a great little find!!
When I worked in Midtown, this was my weekly mainstay. Great food for the price. It's not the best Indian food I've had, but it's tasty and inexpensive. Amazingly priced lunch special. Staff is super friendly and accommodating. Highly recommended.
While you wouldn't normally go to Midtown for great indian food, this place was  great and super authentic.  Will definitley return.
This place gets 5 stars from me! Never was my cute silver water goblet empty, my food was so flavorful and delicious. I love spice but not so extreme that you can taste the food. I got the lamb very spicy and it was just enough! They were very authentic and just all a around great! The entrance was a little shady though I had doubts when we first got there, but it was a good decision. I highly recommend it!
Great value ... Prix Fixe 3 courses for $19.99. Had the Lamb Vindaloo. Asked for extremely spicy but they did not take me seriously. The flavors were great though. No alcoholic beverages but you can BYOB (good to know for next time).
Unlike other places. The people here are nice. 1. Quick service. Unlike other lunch box places which take like 15 mins. We got our lunch box in 5. 2. He was nice enough to substitute rice or bread. As I don't eat rice. 3. TASTY FOOD !! definitely coming back.
Is there anything Bengali about this place? I haven't seen any item which belongs to either Kolkata or Bangladesh cuisine, then why is this name used? This is totally misleading.
Wow this place was just phenomenal, I don't want to speak too soon but this was definitely one of the best Indian restaurants I've dined in.First let me start by saying that the moment their signature garlic naan hit my lips I was already in the pre-ejaculatory stages of an orgasm.These feelings only intensified from that point on. My entree, the tiki Masala, was spicy and had a thick tasty consistency like that of egg yolk sauce or the eruption of bodily fluids during intercourse or as most Big Lebowski fans know it, coitus.I would strongly recommend this restaurant to anyone that enjoys having a spiritual and emotional connection to their food, and to anyone who enjoys blowing a load when they eat lunch.
Super affordable, super fast service, great comfort Indian food!The lunch special is great - pick two sides + pita + rice for $9! I thought the Chicken Tikka Masala was flavorful and thick. I forgot the other dish I had, so I guess it wasn't too memorable. Come here on a lunch break, but there is no food service, so just note that if you wanted a more comprehensive dining experience!
Oh, so good. Best Indian restaurant I've ever been to, and so far, best restaurant period.I arrived 7:30 Sunday night with one guest on a holiday weekend. It's a small place, up one set of stairs on the 2nd floor. Maybe 20 tables in total were all filled, and there were plenty more people already waiting. I took this as a testament to the popularity of the place and agreed to a 30 minute standing-room-only wait.Look, I'll cut the rest short. The food was amazing - I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (spicy) with naan and it was goddamn delicious - just the right level of spice and FLAVOR. The waitress kept my water tin (yeah, no chipped glasses here) filled at all times, which was a real feat in such a busy place. Portions were perfect too - filled me up completely and was not tempted to save any for later. Oh, and did I mention it was cheap, too? Yeah. Just go there.
Great Indian in Midtown NYC. Mango Lassi - yum. Also had pekoras & chicken tikka. Finished up w rice pudding. Cute place.
Awesome food. Great taste. Perfect place to eat Indian food. Options are a little less, but quality is what makes it worth eating
I have eaten a lot of Indian food all over the world, some of the best I have had was in Hong Kong. That of course was until I had Bengal Tiger. Tucked above restaurants and stores on 56th this place is a hidden gem. Nice inside, felt cozy and authentic.We typically order the same thing from any Indian restaurant - Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, some Naan, Raita and Somosas to start.Everything was excellent and the spice level was perfect. It was so good in fact that after 3 weeks of traveling, the first meal we had in New York was Bengal Tiger. This time delivered and still just as good.
Food was okay for the price... Good ambience ... You can find better spots for the price
My friend and I stopped by for a late lunch around 2pm and the restaurant was still very busy! We had the lunch special and it was tasty! (And the price wasn't too shabby either!! $9 I think.)It's very casual, you order and pay up front and then grab a seat with your food once your food is ready. If I'm in the neighborhood and looking for a quick bite to eat I'd go again.
Good service, very good samosa and chutney, however gobi of aloo gobi sabji wasnt cooked.
I came in here today with my aunt to try the food because we were thinking of bringing my mom here for her birthday.There is a $18.95 3 course prix fixe meal which is what we both got. The prix fixe price is not much higher than the cost of one entree. If you want lamb you have to add $1 more to the prix fixe price. I ordered the mulligatawny soup with the lamb curry and rice. My aunt ordered the aloo mattar gobi and the vegetable pakora. The food was well seasoned and even the mild had a lot of heat. The lamb was mostly tender. I had a piece of her vegetable pakora which was crispy and you get the taste of the vegetables.  My aunt also ordered garlic naan which I tasted. It was full of garlic flavor and you can see the grated garlic on the naan. They give more than enough food. We both had leftovers from the entrees. I didn't see any fish or seafood on the menu.The mulligatawny soup, which was my appetizer, may be mistaken for dal as they use yellow split peas in their mulligatawny. You could taste the texture of the split peas which seemed to me the only way it didn't seem like mullogatawny soup. For dessert you get kheer otherwise known as rice pudding. That's a good thing as it helps to cleanse your palate of the heat.After we ate we asked if the heat level can be taken down to no heat but unfortunately the waiter said there was not a way to have no heat in the food.
Bengal Tiger was incredible. Entering the restaurant requires going up a flight of steps. I would say that is the only negative I found to this experience.Otherwise, the restaurant is quaint, and the service is excellent. The waiters (two helped with our service) were friendly and always on top of making sure our waters were full, making sure our order was taken and food came out quick and hot. I tend to weigh the quality, taste and appearance of food at any restaurant above quality of service, ambiance, and other contributing factors. In this case, I would consider the chicken tikka masala I ordered amongst the best I have ever had. It's orange/red color, creamy consistency, and excellent flavors lend to a rank higher than most or all chicken tikka masalas I have had. Paired with basmati rice and garlic naan, this was truly amazing. My taste of a friends chicken korma was also amongst the best I have tried. This is a place I would visit again even in the vast array and variety of food spots in NYC. It is a must for Indian Food Lovers.
Not many dishes to select, the baingan bhartha was way too bad, "DONT EVEN DARE TO TRY IT"
For a quick and interesting Indian lunch, Bengal Tiger can't be beat. Two mains and a side of rice and naan for about $9 and you're full and ready to head back to your office for an afternoon food-coma. I had the curry lamb with the vegetarian paneer makhani (farmers cheese and a light cream tomato sauce) and at first I tried keeping them separate but the temptation to mix the two flavors was too great and I finished it with relish. The mango lassi was good but would have been better if it was much colder. There's no waiter service at lunchtime, which suited me just fine - from order to pickup at the counter it took less than two minutes.
Another great meal at Bengal!  Pakora for starters, Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tikamasala for the main.  Great flavors and great service!  Two thumbs waaaay up!  FYI:  if you dont know what to order, all three items I mentioned are tasty and popular options.
Best spicy Indian food ever. Friendly staff and easy to find. So glad I got out of the hotel and found this great place
A great Indian restaurant, with great food and nice staff. Would really recommend it for everyone who likes good Indian food :)
Very very good. We ordered the chicken tikka and chicken makwani. I wish we had bigger stomachs! The naan was perfect: fluffy yet a bit crispy. If I lived here, I would be a regular.  Service was great as well. The place is small but cozy.
Stopped by for their lunch special, and it was one of the best Indian restaurants I have found in America so far. The lamb spring roll is an absolute star!
Good Indian restaurant in the midtown area - you order your food at the counter and wait for your name to be called.  I usually come here during my lunch break when I am in the mood for something spicy;  I usually get the Lamb Vindaloo and it is very good.  I've had the Chicken Korma and the Baigon Bhartha (roasted mashed eggplant) and that was very good as well!  During their lunch hours they have the lunch special, which is either brown or basmati rice with naan and any two of their entrees (chicken, vegetarian, lamb [extra $1]) for $8.72 plus tax.  Service is fast and they have a few tables if you want to eat in or carry out.  The space isn't huge but the food is pretty good. Would definitely come back here again!
I've walked by this place every time I'm in NYC and finally made the stop to go inside.  It's teeny, tiny... but oh so good.  You walk up a staircase that looks like there's a Law & Order SVU opening scene waiting for you at the top... but it's worth it.They have 3 course meal deals... best way to go.The naan was the best - don't get the plain... try one of the other varieties.
Long overdue review. Came in here on a weekday mid June (don't remember which day) for lunch for two. Finding this place was a bit tricky since it was on the second floor and the stairs were shady and made you not want to go up. Once u get past the shady steps, it's a nice ambiance up there. The staff greeted us and sat us quickly. We ordered off the lunch special menu so we got an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I got the lamb spring roll and it was served over some green sauce and it was damn flavorful and the spring roll had a good amount of meat in the filling. I loved the spring roll more than my entree. I ordered the lamb vindaloo as my entree and despite being warned by my server that it was very spicy, I thought I was a warrior and could handle it no problem. God damn it was spicy. It wasn't like tongue burning unbearable spicy but I was sweating a lot while eating it. Food is served in a small pot and rice is served on the side. The serving actually looked smaller than it is. It was actually really filling. Asides from the spice, the meat was actually quite tender and flavorful and the curry was rich. Oh almost forgot the garlic nanns are a must since it was a very generous portion and it goes very well when dipped with whatever curry your entree came with. Hell they're delicious by itself!The dessert was like a rice pudding type thing that I didn't even try due to being so full so I can't review it. My friend said it was too sweet though. Overall I think the price was okay and the setting was great for both casual dates or just a lunch with friends!
This place is awesome!  Such a great find in the middle of the Midtown chains and overpriced boringness.  Naan is huge, so don't over order and the garlic naan is the freshest and most delicious I've had in a while.  The Lamb Vindaloo was very very tender and had some of the best spice for that dish that I've had outside of London.  We also ordered the Chicken Malai Kabab, and it was tender, great outside grill taste and the spice was wonderful.  Service was great!  Everyone was quick and fast and very sure to let us know not to order too much and how spicy our dish would be.  :)  Go here if you are in the area and want a delicious and enjoyable Indian meal.
The rating is deceiving a bit The Papadums r stale not freshly made The curries were ok,Liked the spicy chicken curry The naan bread was okaishThe samosa was very good Staff friendly
The pictures make the restaurant appear spacious when it is in fact a tight squeeze so beware. I have no complaints about their food. The food is well made and they give quite a lot for the price you pay. I would definitely come again for their samosas. Be sure to come during lunch time for their special lunch prices!
Went here with my amazeballs girlfriend.  This place is small and unassuming - not somewhere youd likely pick off the street. After getting burned out on Indian food after spending a month in India and failing to find anything authentic enough here that didn't taste like chain restaurant food, this place got me back on the band wagon.  Amazing food, unbelievable service, good prices, and a nice feel to the cozy restaurant. My gf had chicken tikka masala which was spot on and I had the lamb curry, which was great and had just a little heat.I can't see how you could improve on this place, there's no alcohol of any type, which is a mild bummer, but in no way is going to take away a star.  Go here, you'll be happy with your choice, no doubt.
Cozy place...absolutely delicious food....great service...Wonderful experience...will definitely go back to this hidden gem
Super nice waitstaff. Food was hot and fresh. They made us welcome even though we arrived at 10 pm on Friday. Tikka masala was fantastic. Will have to order two orders next time as portions aren't really big enough to share. Samosas were tasty, hot and fresh. Will return when in the area.
terrific experience.  when i arrived, there was a line, but the host politely took my name, let me know it would be a 20 minute wait, and sure enough, i was seated in 20 minutes.  we didn't have to wait long for a waiter to come by to give us his recommendations and take the order.  we had some vegetable curry and the saag paneer.  both were excellent.  the rice was a little dry...i've had better basmati rice.  we were never rushed, and the entire staff was very polite and helpful.  overall loved the experience and i'd definitely drop by again if i'm in midtown.
Great food, great service, and fun location. It was busy but worth the short wait for a table. I would highly recommend. Randomly found this place as it was close to our hotel.
Great Indian food. Typical Indian menu,  great breads.  Remember not to order "spicy"  version of foods,  as you'll feel the burn!
Food was pretty good, but the service and ambiance was excellent! Would definitely come back!
Simple, delicious home-style Indian food! The three course prix fixe menu is a great deal with full-sized apps, entree and dessert. They were generous with the chicken, and the service was beyond excellent! Definitely recommend.
I was looking for an Indian restaurant not in Curry...errr Murray Hill and this place caught my eye with its 4.5 star rating. My parents and I came here for dinner on a Friday night around 6:30 just before the place got busy. The menu here is pretty standard but where this place really excels is making simple dishes taste great along with EXCEPTIONAL service. We ordered the samosas to start out with which were some of the best samosas I've ever had - perfectly flaky! Unfortunately I'm allergic to vegan and have a couple other allergies so the only dish I could have was the chana saag. I was really impressed at this dish - the flavors were very unique and it tasted creamy though it obviously had no dairy. My parents had the channa masala and the aloo gobi and were also quite impressed. The roti was more flavorful than usual.I have to say again, the SERVICE WAS EXCEPTIONAL. Our waiter was so friendly and really took my food allergies seriously which I always appreciate. I'd definitely come back here!
Absolutely awesome!Unfortunately we missed the lunch special but started anyway and so glad we didThe food was great - just spicy enough and flavoursome at the same time.The service was amazing as well, letting us take home our leftovers and generally super helpful!
Manhattan. Home of the micro restaurant. Bengal Tiger is smaller than the flat I'm staying at in the same neighborhood. Ten or eleven tables. Short wait totally worth it. Lamb Curry (spicy) and Garlic Naan were awesome and reasonably priced. I would definitely come back when in the area!Only downside no beer. But, luckily, in Manhattan there's a place for that too!
This was everything the reviews said!!  I've had Indian food in 4 States (Indiana, Wisconsin, Hawaii, & New York) this is by far my favorite!!  I'm not too familiar with what to order, so the waiter was very helpful in his suggestions.  The Vegetable Samosa was the 1st indication that we chose the right place!  So much flavor my mouth was in heaven!!
A bit of wait but absolutely worth it. Such great service, food comes out fast, and my personal favorite: they refill your water constantly. Definitely coming back!
I really expected more from this place. Prices are great, but service was slow. The food: samosas were excellent, kheer (dessert) was too watery, and the entree.... Oh lord. I asked for my chicken tikka to be spicy, and I got regular chicken tikka masala with a heap of chili powder smashed in at the end. It wasn't mixed into the masala at all and I could taste gritty pieces of raw spice. I have honestly NEVER tasted a chicken tikka masala like this and eat out at Indian restaurants all the time as well as cook Indian food at home.Overall a very cheap place, but food is not really authentic. Restaurant is very busy and there is usually a wait.
We came here because of the high rating and so called "best Indian food". We came for lunch, right at their lunch opening time. The service is very good and staff are very friendly. The only reason I gave this place a 2!We ordered chicken biryani and chicken tikka. The food came pretty quick. But when I saw it, I was laughing hard. I should have taken the picture. It literally had only 4 small pieces of chicken breast in chicken tikka which costs $14.95. And chicken biryani is wet and sticky, not cooked with basmati rice, having only 3 small chunk of chicken breast, which costs $14.95. I came with a 6'2" hungry man. We should have gone to Dahba on Lexington for lunch buffet which only cost 12$ per person.
We ordered Bengal Tiger's chicken tikka masala ($15) and chicken korma ($15) for takeout the other night and were very pleased. The portions were generous and the food itself was really well prepared. I can't speak to authenticity, and there isn't anything particularly unique about it, but those aren't bad things--this is a great go-to for standard Indian food. (They have a good lunch special, too, if you work in the area.)
A really great little place. Limited menu, but what they do they do well. Very good waitstaff as well.Excellent lamb spring roll, warm nan, and solid portions of everything.
I am a huge fan of Indian cuisine and have tried many restaurants in NY and even one of the best one's in London. Nevertheless, I can say with confidence that this is hands down the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to. You walk in and realize that you have to go up a flight of stairs, which made me question if I should eat there. But once I saw what was going on at other people's tables I knew I came into the right place. I ordered the 3 course prix fix and it was fantastic. For starters, I had the Samosa, which is something I usually don't order because it's rarely good. Not here though! The samosa was so good I felt bad eating it. It was like eating a work of art. Perfectly cooked/fried doughy shell with a delicious vegetable-based center. The entree was Chicken Tikka and the chicken was the most tender rendition of this dish that I ever had. Also, the sauce was just outrageously good. I literally had every bit of it. The service here is excellent as well. My water was never empty, not once. Their attentiveness was only matched by their courteousness. Amazing restaurant, great food, and exceptional service. I highly recommend you try it!
The indian food here was extremely good but I don't really understand what all the fuss is about as it's not the best Indian I've ever had. We went here on a Saturday for lunch and although it picked up, it was empty when we entered at 12:30 PM which was great so not complaints there. The decor is a little weird but it feels rustic so it works. Excellent service (but we were also the only ones there). It is up a flight of stairs so beware if you can't do stairs. They were very accommodating for the group that came in after us with 3 strollers. It's a small place but a nice view of the street outside to people watch. The prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are small but just enough food so you're not too stuffed. I tried the chicken tikka masala which was made with high quality white meat chicken. The sauce wasn't too flavorful or too spicy though I asked for it spicy. It was very good though. And it was creamy but it wasn't the I-feel-gross-and-need-to-lie-down-for-3-hours-creamy that you sometimes get at Indian restaurants. I also tried my boyfriend's sag paneer which was made with big spinach leaves as opposed to minced and was also very good but lacking some spice and flavor. The garlic naan was exactly on point. They don't do a lunch buffet here or at least that is what our waiter told us. They do have this 3 course lunch special which sounds like a great deal if you want a samosa and something sweet for dessert. The mango lassi also looked excellent. Overall, very good Indian food but I'd recommend only if you're in the area and want Indian - otherwise, venture to Curry Hill.
We were a group of 6 people just looking for a quick inexpensive place to eat and stumbled past this little gem. Their $15 three course dinner is worth the money to say the least, I am absolutely in love with this place.Note that when you first walk in the door and up the stairs to this resultant you might be a little sceptic. The place is intimate and very causal, but as soon as the friendly staff take your order and you get the most yummy Indian food in front of you everything don't matter. It is just awesome. Even better is the BYOB policy with no corkage fee!!! The restaurant does not serve alcohol so definitely run to the corner store if you are want a glass of wine, or a bottle of beer to your food. However inconvenient his might be for some, it really makes the place even more inexpensive for broke college students as myself. I am definitely coming back, this resultant made my favorites list!
Looking to check out a new Indian restaurant in the neighborhood and saw the great reviews for Bengal Tiger so thought I would give it a try.  Tried the palce out during lunch with my Dad so it wasn't very crowded.  Thought it was weird that we had to pay for papadum because it's usually free at every other Indian restaurant I've been to.  The pakora was great and for $6 you get a lot of pieces!  We first ordered the Malai Kofta and were disappointed. There was way too much turmeric powder in the curry so it tasted bitter and dry.  The restaurant was nice enough to replace our dish with the Baigan Bhartha, which was much better!  Since I grew up eating Indian food, I tend to be a much harder critic. I felt like the service was great (much better compared to other Indian restaurants), the atmosphere was trendy and intimate, and the food was good, but not great.  I do really appreciate the staff replacing our curry without charge and being very polite about it.  The food is also very well priced.
Tried this place on a Sunday afternoon! Really enjoyed it. We ordered the pakora, chicken tikka masala, lamb curry, and garlic naan. The garlic naan was coated in fresh garlic. The chicken tikka masala was very tender. Will definitely be back, perhaps for the prix fixe menu!!!
Upstairs. Good amount of seating and when we were there at 12:30, they was plenty of seating for lunch.Solid indian in a somewhat modern. Lamb saag was tasty.
Small place, but Friendly service and great food. The selection is fairly traditional but the taste is outstanding. Vegetable Samosas were terrific, must have. The Tikka Masala has a perfect depth of flavor.  The Vindaloo is very tasty and very spicy.
By the time I left work my irritation level was at an all time high as I had been so busy all day I didn't even get to eat lunch! And trust me. You don't wanna mess with a hangry Sarah P. Enter Bengal: the cure for my dangerous hanger.Their 3 course prix fixe dinner menu is so cheap and delicious. You get a choice of an appetizer, entree, basmati rice, and dessert all for just $13.95! I got the vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala, and gulab jamun- portions were good and food was tasty.The service was also great- my bf and I were amazed at how our glasses of water magically never seemed to reach lower than half level. At the same time, I never felt that they hovered over us unnecessarily.Tip: Check in on yelp for an additional sweet 10% discount off the bill.
A cozy place with friendly, efficient service and good flavorful food. We had no reservations on a Friday evening and waited 15 min for two of us. They do not serve alcohol but customers can bring their own. The menu is smaller than most Indian restaurants I've been to. Food was bountiful and very good as we sampled Pakora, vegetable tikki, chicken saag and garlic naan. We ordered 'regular' spice because this was our first visit and it was a little mild. Will notch it up a bit next time. Service was very friendly. Fast but not rushed.Very good value, probably because they don't have marked up beer and wine. Can't wait to go back.
This is not authentic Indian food. It's a nice place to eat with good service, but this isn't authentic by a mile. If you're with Indian friends, better to avoid this place since it's expensive and very americanized!
Excellent food. We came here unexpectedly and were blown away by the quality of both food and service. Ordered the lamb with the spinach sauce and the Gobi vegetable dish with brown rice. Both meals were amazing. The rice pudding for dessert was also very yummy. Oh, and they have the most delicious mango lassi in town. Loved every sip of it! Highly recommend. Expect a little bit of wait for the table though. The restaurant seems to be very popular, so if you are in a hurry, this might not be for you. Totally worth the wait though!
We went to Bengal Tiger with high hopes after seeing the 4.5 starts with over 600 reviews,  but were disappointed with the food.We ordered a chicken curry, malai kofta and some naans. While the naans were great both the chicken curry and kofta were mediocre at best. With the spices and flavors toned down quiet a lot, I feel the place does not cater to the Indian palate. Most of the glowing reviews are from non-Indian diners (from what I can tell looking at the reviewer's names).The service however was excellent, quick and courteous.
Fantastic place! Superb food and service. Seats are pretty limited, so try to avoid busy meal hours if you don't want to risk waiting. (Don't be fooled by the sketchy walk up the stairs)Highly recommended: vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan. Good but not must-orders: The mango lassi is nice and sweet but quite heavy. Kheer (rice pudding) has a very rich flavor, not too sweet.
Amazing Amazing Amazing food like OMG wow!! Before when I used to sample Indian food it would be from Whole Foods Market or something like that and I would find it horrible but oh man this is the real stuff!! To be honest IDK wth Inordered but ot was good!! I ordered rice with chicken which was very flavorful.  I ordered curry goat which was so tender and very flavorful and used the naan to scoop up the rest of the sauce.  I then had some type of grilled chicken which was a deep orange color bur very flavorful especially after squeezing the lime on top (chicken tikka maybe?),  I would so come here again
I really loved the dishes here: saag paneer, lamb korma, chicken tikka masala and chicken paneer with naan (of course).  The staff was so friendly and attentive and the mango lassi made me smile delightedly.  I just don't know how I got so full so fast!?Enjoy!
Food is very tasty nice place for lunch the crowd fluctuates during the course of the "lunchtime period" very clean definitely my favorite place.
Up some creeky stairs is always where the best food lurks. Lovely indian and good service. Where theres a cue theres demand and good food
Awesome food and equally awesome service.If you are staying nearby Manhattan and looking for good indian food then this is the best place.Go for it
Awesome food! Bad thing is seating is limited. The price is right, you can get a three course meal for about $18. That include an app, main, and dessert. The Vanderloo is Hoooooot, so if your looking for spice that dish you want.
Don't go on a Friday night without expecting to wait! We were naïve enough to think we could just walk in, and had to wait 40 minutes. But the food was absolutely worth the wait. The wait staff was excellent and the food was delicious. My girlfriends and I had a wonderful time digging into the Baingan Bharta (Eggplant) and Malai Kofta (Indian cottage cheese and mixed vegetable balls in a gravy) with garlic naans. Yummy!
Excellent food. Great service. We had to wait for 30 mins and the guys brought us mango lassi as complimentary treats. Even my four yr old enjoyed the naan and chicken makhani.
Tiny place but the food is great. We had vegetable and lamb samosas with chicken saag and vegetable tikka masala - everything was great. Well, except for the gulab jamun dessert, it was so hot that I burned my tongue, but I'd only dock them 1/2 star for that...
Amazing food and curry was bomb.Lets give it 3 more hours for it to digest, to see if it is still a 5 star.
Very delicious food, amazing service, they treat you like you are their best friend who came to their house. Not expensive at all! My husband had Chicken tundouri he says it was so good! Lots of tasty vegan options. I had samosa and lentil soup. Usually being a vegan I get weird food or cold tasteless food. This was hot meal and felt satisfied and full! Try it out you won't regret it!
Great tasting samosas, chicken tikka masala & malai kofta. The naans were soft and delicious too.
Warning: don't be turned off by the sketchy stairs on the way up. The restaurant itself is very clean and inviting. This is seriously great Indian food! The chicken korma was nicely spiced and the sauce had a great texture. The naan was warm and delicious as well. The staff was very friendly also.Definitely worth finding if you are visiting NYC and looking for a great place to eat.
Ok people, this IS the best Indian food in New York, I have looked all over town & now I can stop the endless search!  naan bread so delectable, you will want to sell your car & buy your own clay oven in a futile attempt to recreate it. You'll spend hours trying to perfect it and the say 'eff it & call Bengal tiger to deliver the pillowy goodness to your door piping hot.I would eat here every day if I could, also the little smiling tiger motif on the upstairs doors just makes me smile. Their mango lassi also very refreshing.
Me and my fiance stopped by here before seeing a show at Carnegie hall. I got the prix fixed menu with the vegetable samosa, chicken korma, and rice pudding. My fiance got the chicken saag. Everything we ordered was amazing and the price was right as well! Judging by the line forming in the restaurant while we were eating, I would say this is hot spot in the area and rightfully so!
Came here with a friend on Friday night -- we were blown away by the quality, service, portions, and overall deliciousness of the meal! We didn't even want to leave and go see our Carnegie Hall concert performance...so so so good. I had the samosa with the chicken masala and dessert from the prix fix menu. Everything melted in my mouth and was bursting with flavor. Can't wait to come back!
Walked ten blocks in the snow & happy we did!  This place is so cozy; beautiful dark wood ceiling, hand painted panels on the walls, wood benches & tables, on the second floor, overlooking the street. Intimate, quiet setting w/candles on the tables. Casual, but not T-shirt & flip flops casual. Note: Probably not the *best* place for young/active children at dinner (though we did go after 9; may be different vibe earlier in the evening or at lunch). Ordered from the prix fixe menu which seemed an excellent value. The chutneys served with the pappadam were fantastic - especially the hari. I could eat that by the spoonful! :) Chana masala was highly flavorful, good naan, delicious paneer. I recommend the mulligatawny - it was served with fresh cilantro & could be a meal in itself. Very friendly and attentive servers. Would definitely return in the future.
Delicious food! It's BYOB fyi. Very very good, I won't dream about it but would go back for good Indian food!
Excellent food.  Best Indian food I'vehad since India itself.Very friendly nice staff.Do not be turned off by entrance from streetup staircase on second floor. This is a find.
Great food, friendly service, cosy environment and good prices. Doesn't serve alcohol but you can bring your own. Menu not extensive but not bad overall.
I ordered take-out from here the other day and it was all SO tasty! The staff was also extremely friendly. I highly recommend the samosas and the dessert rice dish. I can't wait to order again!Thank you.
This food is really good but the service is zero. We went with a company crowd and they were focused on getting us out. The service was so bad that they were forcing us to with the main course when we wanted to order more appetizers. When we ordered more appetizers they brought main course before the next set of appetizers. We would not come there again and won't recommend since the service is so bad.
Ordered delivery, it was delicious. We tried chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, paneer masala, raita, cilantro naan and garlic naan. It's the most authentic Indian food we have ordered in NYC!!
Wow. Wow. First time having Indian food. Stepped out of my comfort zone while on vacation in New York. Ordered a variety of dishes. Let me first say, this place is not fancy in any aspects. It's a comfortable, "Indian family kitchen" feel. The service is amazing. We had 4 servers routinely "patrolling" every table to make sure nothing was needed or wanted. The food was excellent. Rich in flavor and diversity! The place seemed to have numerous locals dining which is a good sign. My only tip....they do not serve beer or wine but do have a BYOB policy. Corkage fee for wine is a mere $5. For beer is $2. Definitely worth a visit. And won't drain your wallet like so many restaurants in New York City.
Hidden gem near Columbus Circle. This place is getting popular, as you can tell from the near constant line up of people waiting for a table in this tiny treat of a place. They are really efficient at getting you seated though, and as a bonus they opened our wine while we waited (another bonus - BYOB). The other two notables - (1) everyone that works there was super friendly and upbeat, it seemed like a family vibe, and (2) the food was top notch. The vegetable samosa and the Chana saag were delicious.
Around midtown and in the mood for Indian food?  There are plenty of options to choose from and now there is one more.  Bengal Tiger replaced the old Raga restaurant.  I was sad to see Raga go, since it was one of the only reasonable priced Indian restaurants that offered a lunch buffet in the two block radius.  Bengal Tiger doesn't offer a lunch buffet, but they do have lunch boxes.You have your choice of two entrees (meat and vegetarian options), along with rice and naan for about $10.  I ordered the chicken tikki marsala and the vegetarian option with chickpeas (forget the name) and both were very good.  The flavor, spices, aroma -- all made for a solid lunch.  Surprisingly, I was pretty content with the portions.  I probably could have eaten more, but I would have regret it later.This is a good alternative to an Indian lunch buffet.  I will be back when the craving hits.
I order takeout here from Seamless all the time because Bengal actually has very affordable and generous portions. So when my boyfriend and I couldn't decide what to eat, I told him about this place. I got the pre fix which was around $18 or 19 for an app, entrée, and dessert of rice pudding. For the app, I chose the samosa, for the entrée, I had the Makhani chicken with sweet and buttery tomato sauce. My boyfriend had the tandoori chicken. We also ordered a mango lassi and a side or garlic naan.The samosa was so delicious. It was perfectly flaky and crispy with a lot of potatoes, and peas and the sweet and spicy sauces that came with it went so well with it. OMG, when I order take out for the pre fix, they give me 2 of these! I don't know if it was a mistake but when I opened up the bag, I was laughing silently in my cube. Good thing I sit in a corner and no one sees me. These are probably the best samosas I've ever had, and even tastes good when I eat it the next day.The Makhani was delicious but I do prefer the tikka masala bc the sauce is smoother and it tastes richer. Nevertheless, the sauce was great over my rice and naan. The chicken was very tender. The naan though was a little bit too garlicky. The tandoori chicken was very tender and well seasoned.The dessert of rice pudding was good. It has chunky clumps of rice which I've never had at other places, so I don't know if that was a mistake, but I actually liked it. Servers here are very attentive and awesome. We realized that we forgot to check in to redeem our $5 off after they printed our bill, but we notified the waiter and he took care of it. The owner or manager then gave us the revised bill and actually explained the bill clearly indicating that the $5 off has been applied. For all this food, the total came out to $39 without tips. Wow what a great deal!! And delicious food with attentive servers!!! I definitely would come back here again. Definitely can't beat flavors, service, and prices anywhere else.
The best Indian food in NYC. A hole in the wall- but beyond amazing dishes. The saag and tiki Marsala are our favorites. BYOB is another plus. Highly recommend!!
Impeccable service and delicious Indian food! It's a very small restaurant on the second floor, very basic decor. But the service was excellent and the food was delicious with very good prices. They have a prefixe menu for $19.95 three courses. We enjoyed everything especially the pokora and Ali goobi. Order the mango lassi drink too. Very tasty.
Will be even better when they get a liquor license. If we were local we would for sure be regular patrons. We had Veggie Korma and Chicken Saag that was especially good. The Naan is better than usual and the service was great, even on a busy night.
Hey we just ordered this to our hotel. Quick hot dishes were hot and the drinks were ice cold. The delivery guy was very nice and greeted my by name. Nice touchMost definitely would order again. Saag paneer was yummy. My vegan mother in law loved the veggie masala. My wife's chicken tikka was perfect.
Honestly not the best place for curry. Had their prix fix with chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and mango lassi. I'll praise their consistancy because everything was flavorless and bland. Their customer service would be their only saving grace. They were very polite and friendly. The food itself however would be a 1 star. A coworker commented "it's edible." Sadly that's all it was; it was not enjoyable to eat at all. The chicken tikka in the chicken tikka masala had no flavor. It's as if none of the flavors were developed into the chicken itself. The garlic naan was just garlic tossed on top of the naan. The garlic was not baked into the naan so none of the garlic flavor imparted onto naan. Even the rice pudding had no flavor. The mango lassi was one of the worst lassis I've ever had. It just tasted sour and had no mango flavor. I didn't know food could be this bland. Also the price being charged here is terrible. If you're looking to get your curry fix go down to curry row and pick any random curry place. I assure you, it would be a step up.
Nothing less than amazing. Smells like India the moment you come in. Small restaurant but it's so cozy. I love this place. They refill your water before it's even done, they always ask you if you need anything and if the food is good, and let me tell you, the food is SPECTACULAR! It's cooked perfectly! We got the plain naan - so amazing. Then the vindaloo (it is very spicy, and I'm a spicy kinda girl and this did the job) and the chicken tikka masala. And the rice is cooked just perfect. 2 ppl. 2 naan orders and two main course orders came to 41 dollars. I swear it's so affordable and you get a great ambiance and perfectly cooked food and amazing service! This is my new favorite midtown Indian spot!
I was excited to try this place, because I adore Indian food. When I ordered my dish I got I got the Malia kofta (vegetable balls). I asked them to please add paneer cheese to my dish but they said they couldn't do that. I didn't understand why, it was weird. I have eaten at many Indian places & their food was just not that good. Not to mention the portions are pretty small. I was not thrilled with this place, but I will say they were attentive with filling our water glasses which was nice. I don't plan to come back, & if you like great authentic Indian food I can tell you it's not here.
Bengal Tiger, you have my heart. First off, this is some of the most attentive service I have had in a while, so big ups for that. Second, the food is downright amazing. You can't go wrong with anything. My beloved Chicken Makhani is literally life changing. There is nothing better after a long day of work than being embraced by the beautiful, buttery sauce of this dish. I wish I was kidding. I'm not. The garlic and paneer naans are always stand outs & the samosas are really tasty. They have a 3 course prixe fix dinner that is a really great value as well. I've been several times & I will keep coming back.
Delicious!  Ordered the Tikka Masala and the Nan for pickup online, dropped by and picked it up.  They had a quick and efficient service.  I went back to the hotel and crushed it.  Everything was super tasty.  No complaints.  ... Time for a nap...
Do you know that feeling where you are SO full but the food is so good, you just keep eating? That was me tonight. So very happy to find this place. Vegetable samosa? On point. Cilantro naan? Yup. Chicken Tikka masala? Just right (I requested medium spice and it was perfect).  I will definitely be back!
I am in love with Indian food, and I came across this place through yelp!  I came here with my boyfriend at around 6:00 pm and noticed that the restaurant was located on the second floor. As soon upon entering, the restaurant was packed! It wasn't a big restaurant, so we had to wait to be seated for about 30 minutes. We were seated in a small two seat table close to the door. I didn't really have a problem with the small tables. However, when more people were coming into the restaurant, people were waiting behind us while we were eating. It made it a little uncomfortable when we were eating because you could see all the people waiting to be seated behind you.For my dining cuisine experience, all I could say is that it was amazing! I ordered Saag Paneer at a spice level of 9, while my boyfriend chose the Prix-Fix Dinner option for $17.95. Both of our entrees came with the side of Basmati RIce and we also ordered an extra side of Garlic Naan. My spice level was met with perfection and the Saag Paneer was perfectly seasoned. I also took several bites of my boyfriend's Chicken Tikka Masala, and it was also really delicious. My boyfriend chose the Vegetable Samosa as his appetizer, and it was one big Samosa! We were able to share it together and we both felt perfectly satisfied for our entree. There was also an extra spice kick after each bite of the samosa, which I LOVED. The Garlic Naan came out of the oven warm and soft with drizzles of garlic chunks and butter - pure perfection. To end off my boyfriend's Prix-Fix Dinner, Kheer was served. It was sweet and delicate, which definitely helped clear our taste buds from the food we had.  The server who served us was really sweet. She always refilled our cups with water and gave us just the right amount of attention. I also think she gave us a larger portion of the Kheer, since my boyfriend and I were sharing.  My overall experience was amazing and I would come here over and over again to satisfy my Indian food cravings. I couldn't stop myself from taking that extra bite, even after I was full.
Great lunch spot with friendly, quick service.  I have eaten here many times, and every time it has been delicious.  The chicken in the tikka masala is always cooked just right.  The sauce is creamy, sweet, and with a nice hint of spice.  Do yourself a favor and get the garlic naan for $1.50 extra.
Great food, fast service, unbeatable price. Stopped by for lunch during work and got the chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo with garlic naan. Will definitely be going more often.
We took garlic naan, chicken korma and malai kofta. Curry was ok. Naan was better. Taste wise only 3 stars.
Definitely a place to eat anytime in New York! The people here are dedicated to excellent service and despite the fact that the seating area was small, they accommodate people and make you feel very welcome!The food is exquisite from the chai tea to the tikka masala was superb! We will definitely be back!
Great food, great service! Will definitely come back!A bit on the pricey side and they don't give you naan for free tho...
Absolutely delicious! Their version of "mild spicy" is not mild at all. But other than that it's delish. I had the food delivered to my hotel (ordered it through Yelp and didn't even know that was possible). Food came fresh and hot, was inexpensive and no delivery charge.
At first, the place can be easy to miss, since it's on a busy street full of different restaurants and you have to go up a flight of stairs to get to the restaurant. But you won't regret choosing this place over the others for dinner! I've been here several times with my boyfriend for dinner on Friday nights. Their prix fix menu is offered at all times (not just during lunchtime, like at many other Indian places) and is very affordable -- you can get an appetizer, entree, and dessert for only $17!!! That's a steal when it comes to Indian cuisine (especially in the city)! My boyfriend and I, we each order the prix fix because the portions are made for one person. We usually like to order the samosa for the appetizer, which comes as one samosa per person. Then there are a good 15 or so options for your entree, including vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. I personally love their chicken tikka masala, and the paneer makhani if you want to go with a vegetarian option. And for the dessert, they let you choose what you want. My favorite is to get the Kheer (Rice pudding) which is one of the best Indian rice puddings I've had! It's really creamy and yet light, and there are some nuts mixed in that add a touch of freshness. And it's served cool, perfect after eating a rich, warm meal. As Indian place come, the food here is not too greasy, and it's also a friendly place to try for anyone who is afraid of spice. Most of their dishes aren't very spicy (I'm personally not very spice-tolerant when it comes to food), and they are happy to adjust the heat level for you. Also, the waitstaff are all really friendly and hospitable. I've been to Bengal Tiger several times now, and whether it's busy or not, the waitstaff are all really attentive, and they all exude this sense of calm and inner balance. They have this spiritual air about them, and it really adds to the calming atmosphere of the restaurant created by the meditational music they have playing and the dimmed lighting. A good place to go to if you want to have a nice relaxing dinner for two on a Friday night! I will say that the restaurant is on the narrow side, so if you go during prime dinner hours the restaurant will most likely be pretty full, and it might feel a bit tight. I liked it best when we went at around 5:30 -- we made it just before the dinner rush, and the place was almost empty at the time, which allowed us to enjoy the atmosphere more. Another important thing is that this place is better for groups of 2 - 4, since their tables are small. I think if you want to bring a party of 6, you can call ahead of time and they'll merge a set of tables by their window that overlooks the street below for you and your guests. But parties bigger than that probably won't fit. This is probably one of the best places for Indian food in the city, and definitely one of the best places on the Upper East Side! The food is great, the price is right (no pun intended ^^), and the service is amazing!
This restaurant is fantastic, but definitely small. If you don't time it right you're going to have to wait.That being said, the food was amazing, we got the Mulligatawny soup, garlic naan, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Chicken Makhani. The portions were a good size, and everything was well cooked and delicious.The wait staff was amazingly attentive, our water cups never got close to empty, and they brought us a rice pudding before we left.  Next time I'm in the city I will definitely make it a point to return.
Definitely one of the best Indian places I've been to. From the outside, it's hard to tell that it's even there because the restaurant is located on the building's second floor--but don't let that deter you! I've been here numerous times and it has failed to disappoint. Great food, great service, great prices (especially during lunch hours!)
Love good Indian food!! Bengal Tiger is the place! It is very, very small but big on taste and flavor! We had the 3 course prefix menu $19.99 which included appetizer, entree, rice, and dessert; naan and drink extra! A great value and great food!!
We popped in for an impromptu dinner date around 6:30 on a Saturday evening and were seated right away. We each had the 3 course (me the Lamb Saag, him the Chicken Korma). Great choices for us both.  Naan costs extra but it was worth it. Kheer for dessert was on point.  Delicious! Delicious! Delicious!
Quick lunch spot. Stand in line, order, and in less than 5 minutes you are eating. Plates are pretty filling.  But I don't know about cost. Could be a few dollars cheaper. Food is definitely tasty and we'll prepared. Lamb vindaloo has a slight spicy kick to it which I love.... Enjoy!
So it feels like 5 degrees out and all of NYC is upstairs at Bengal Tiger at lunch. Take it to go if you can. What I got:Pick two lunch, Chicken masala and korma. Brown rice. That is 8.95. I wanted protein so no veg today. You get big chunks of white meat chicken. Sauce is spicy for a korma. It was hotter than tikka masala.  Tasty but not the depth and layers of flavor you might find elsewhere. I paid 1.50 extra for garlic naan. This seemed fresher and made to order than Regular. Both were good. They put about a cup and a half of rice. I know they want to give money's worth but that is too much and so much you see in the garbage. Delicious rice, but people are wasting food. Chai was great. This is a brisk business but great for lunch and affordable for this area. Fast food ordering style. I escaped my conference and knew I could get some break time here. Even though it was mobbed! Quite tasty. Nice folks.
Excellent food, service and price.. and on top of that its a byob (no corkage fee!) what else is there to say?.. See below:My party consisted of 5 dashing gentlemen and a few bottles of wine to get the evening started :D Everyone was satisfied with their choices; I for one ordered the vegetable tikka masala. I consider myself a carnivore and the only reason I ordered vegetarian is that I was in the mood for something on the lighter side. I'll just say that I didn't miss the animal protein based dishes at all; the veggie masala was delicious. But where Bengal Tiger really shone was in their service. The staff was particularly well mannered and attentive. They even put up with our over-complicated way of splitting the bill on 3 cards (all with different amounts of course) + cash and did so with a smile! I was pleasantly surprised to say the least. Some quick tips: 1) Bengal tiger does not allow hard liquor.. you drunks :D so stick to wine/beer2) The prix fixe menu is a great deal, appetizer, entree and desert for ~$18 if memory servesSo grab some friends and pay BT a visit, you will most likely not regret it.
Read reviews carefully and don't pick just by the star rating! Here's my two-STAR review:Situation: we were in Times Square and some of the party had a craving for Indian food.Task: Find best Indian food nearby. According to Yelp "stars", this one by a wide margin.Action: get in cabs, climb up stairs, reach just in time & place order before kitchen closes.Result: Service was top notch, that's why I had not the heart to rate them one star. The food was definitely not "sublime" or even "good" as you'd expect from the rating and location. I'd describe all three dishes we ordered, aloo gobhi, baingan bharta and lamb vindaloo as being smashed/overcooked veggies/tiny pieces of meat dumped in clearly undercooked spice gravies - most apparently the vindaloo which tasted like lamb dunked in sambal oelek. The item I enjoyed the most was the complimentary raita dipped in roti :). Certainly not worth the trouble of climbing those steps again (to be fair we had someone in our party with mobility challenges; it's just one flight of steps, not super long). Most important, this experience makes me question the value of Yelp as a quick unbiased filter, as opposed to knowing names of good places from local friends :).
I am from wilmington, delaware and thought this food was mediocre to poor. Key fresh spices were missing.  Very disappointed.   Not sure what all the hype is about?
Food is pretty good and customer service is amazing. They are very humble people and make sure that you enjoyed your experience.
Food was pretty good, had the Chicken Tikka, Bengan Bharta and some Onion Nan. Tikka was excellent, Bharta was decent, and the Nan was also decent but short of the best. Service was friendly and fast. No alcohol, though they allow BYOB. Prices were reasonable. Overall, a good experience.
Best Indian food I have ever had and an amazing value!  My husband and I shared an entree, appetizer, and garlic naan, and it was plenty of food.  We will definitely be back next time we're in NYC!
Given the positive Yelp reviews, I went to Bengal Tiger today.  I feel that it is really overrated in the reviews on Yelp. On the plus side, by NYC standards, it's a very good value in terms of the quantity of the food. The basmati rice was fine, the naan only so so. My companion ordered the palak paneer and the chicken tikka korma, while I chose the chana masala and the chicken vindaloo.  We also ordered a side of raita, and requested free tap water. The bill came to $22, which is very reasonable, the service was fast, and the tables clean. While the food was tasty, it was heavily sauced in no particularly memorable way. I lived in South Asia for 12 years, and have been coming and going there for over 35 years.  This restaurant delivers good value portions of South Asian restaurant food of medium quality. I am not quite sure why it's so highly rated.
Great service. Very attentive. But the place is way too small...the tables are too small for the million little dishes that come with Indian food. so eating is a constant maneuvering. Flavors are decent but why use only white meat? Good efforts but can't say I'd go back....
I was never a fan of Indian food but this place have changed my mind. I can't wait to come back! This is a hole in the wall restaurant on the second floor and it is very tiny. The restaurant can probably fit up to 30 people and I wouldn't recommend coming with more than 4 people. It is a very intimate restaurant. Came here on a Saturday with friends and waited 30 minutes for a table. They do NOT take reservations. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They do not serve alcohol but it is BYOB. The waiter even told us where to buy alcohol! There's a Wine & Spirits a block away so you can come prepared. They charge a corkage fee but we didn't see one on our bill.Make sure you check in on Yelp for your free naan! The waiter was nice enough to have us pick a flavored one and we picked the garlic naan. It was hot, fluffy and delicious! My friends did the prix fixe menu and I had the tandoori chicken tikka (came with basmati rice). The chicken was very flavorful and the sauce that came with it was a great complement. Great texture and flavor.I can't wait to come back and try the other naan and the rest of the menu. I would definitely recommend this place if you're around the area. Great prices too!
The food was amazing. Great service. Well worth the wait for a table! We had the korma and Tikki Masala. I would recommend the garlic naan!
My fiancée and I love Bengal Tiger.  The chicken vindaloo and chicken tiki masala are outrageously good.  They can vary the spice, so both those who like their mouth to burn (myself) and those who prefer something more mild (fiancee) can get what they want.  Prices are very reasonable for NYC, making this our go-to place for Indian food.  Highly recommend.
Flavors are far from being authentic indian. Probably worst chicken tikka masala, I have ever had. Too high on turmeric. Masking all the other creamy, rich, delicate flavors that are typically expected from tikka masala. I know Indian food very well, being from the same ethnicity. And I would say - avoid this rip off place or if you chose to visit, do not judge Indian food based on what is served here :)
The servers were really nice and food was good. First time trying a mango lassi, and it was really good! Tasted like ice cream.
First time eating here for lunch while in NYC.  Great flavor, great lunch specials, vegetarian options, gulab jamun! Walking distance from Central Park-nice staff. I'd go again.
Very good Indian food, mid level spicy and very good ambience. Good service but can be better if they can customize the dishes a bit. Overall, enjoyed the dinner and recommend visiting this place.
Yelp strikes again! Great food, get the garlic naan and the Chicken Tikka Masala. You won't be disappointed!
Great experience. While roaming around saw the bengal tiger indian cusine decide to try and my decision was right. It is a must go place for indian food lovers. The food was of real taste. Ordered chicken malai kabab and tandoori chicken tikka. These were the best i have ever tried the flavour, the taste and perfectly cooked. I have tried in other also but I didn't find upto the mark, But this is the one which deserves 5star. The service was quick and Friendly. Everything was perfect. Will be back definitely.
As an Indian food enthusiast this place is my comfort zone in midtown. There prefixed menu is awesome and very generous. Always eat too much because everything is so tasty. Chana masala, aloo gobi matar, the dish with the eggplant, the samosa and the pakora are sooooo perfect!Also, it's  BYOB- which makes it even cheaper and fun!
One of my favourite Indian restaurants outside of Canada. We were in New York celebrating my birthday, and as Indian cuisine is both my husbands and my favourite, we decided to look for Indian restaurant close to Time Square. Reviews looked awesome, so we decided to give it a shot. I have to say, that this was the best chocolate choice. The place was really nice and cozy, the food arrived very fast (I actually wish it didn't come so fast, as we wanted to spend more time in the restaurant), and both dishes that we ordered were so so delicious.I loved that they had plenty of vegetarian dishes, very flavourful. Also the drinks were very tasty. I highly recommend this restaurant, if you like Indian food.
I thought this place was good. We started with the Chicken Malai Kabab and it was okay. It was cooked nicely, but the flavor wasn't as great as I might have supposed. The regular naan and garlic naan were both fantastic. Truly some of the better naan you'll have. The chewy to crisp ratio was perfect. Because we settled on Chicken Tikka Masala for one dish, we decided to get a little frisky with dish #2 and went with the Lamb Vindaloo. I say frisky, because the dish comes with a warning: VERY SPICY. When questioned about the spice level, we were told it was a 9/10. Now that sounds spicy. What the heck, we went for it, and it did not disappoint. Spicy it was, but not overly. Sure, i may have been sweating by the end of the meal, but when don't I?! All in all, it was tasty, and I'd probably get it again. The space itself is upstairs and rather cramped; it was cozy to say the least. Fun experience.
What an awesome restaurant! Came here around 630 on a Friday evening to grab dinner before a show. The place was packed and lots of people waiting but the wait for two was only about 20 min. We put our name in and then ran to the wine store one block over and picked up a bottle since this place is BYOB with only a $5 corkage fee. While we were waiting they offered to open the bottle so we could have a drink while we wait and never even charged us a corkage fee. Classy. They also brought around some naan as a little appetizer for everyone waiting. Finally seated, we already knew what we wanted so we ordered the Chicken Vindaloo, mashed eggplant, raita and garlic naan. Everything was amazing! The Vindaloo was spicy as expected, but still had flavor to match the heat. The eggplant was delicious but lost a bit of flavor once my mouth was hot from the vindaloo. The naan was perfectly baked with a good amount of fresh garlic and the raita a nice cooling splash to counteract the chilis. We didn't have time for dessert but they brought us out a taste of the rice pudding anyway. All in all amazing service, great food, and good atmosphere. Don't hesitate to come here if you're in the area.
I just love this hidden gem on a second floor in midtown.  Anytime I am around here, I build in a plan to stop.  It is BYOB too!  Price is fantastic at $21.95 for three course pre-fixe and you will leave more than pleasantly full.  It is as close to authentic as you can get in the US and so delicious.
This place obviously knows what they are doing!The food was amazing.We ordered Lamb curry and Vegetable Tikka masala, and finished every single drop of the sauce in less than 30 minutes. Of course we were hungry but it's rare where we walk into a restaurant and just focus on food and finish it so quick.The place was full but seat was given pretty quick. Service was very fast and friendly as well.It's a little pricier than I would expect for the portion and the atmosphere, but it was definitely worth it for the taste! Will definitely go again when we are around that area!
Thank you Bengal for the best meal we had in NYC! Not only was everything we ordered excellent but the service was just as good. From the lentil soup and samosa to the chicken masala, all of it was amazing!!!
Delicious lentil soup! Friday night is quite packed. Saw a lot of people standing in line for take out too.
My favorite Indian Food Restaurant !Their food is so great and it is so affordable.Mango Lassi so amazing,  don't leave without tasting this. Garlic Naan is good , you literally taste bits of garlic.Chicken Tandoori is to die for , love how they use white meat and it's little chicken breast. Definitely come here if it's your first time eating Indian  food , you would love it and want to come back again soon.
Good lunch special. I ordered the lunch pack that came with chicken korma and tika masala. $9.75 is a good deal.  I was there a while ago, so don't really remember so well, but I think I was happy with the food.
A good operation, fast service but very limited number of dishes. The food itself was average except the Dall which was top notch. Wouldn't rush back
Tried Indian for the first time & I'm absolutely obsessed. This restaurant has high ratings for the right reasons. Besides the small space & tight seatings, the food made up for it overall.The 3-course Prix Fix will fill you up for $20!! I ordered Samosa, Chicken Tikka Masala, Roti, Garlic Bread, Mango Lassi & Kheer.Samosa was delicious. A bit like an Indian-version of meatball, bursting with flavors.Chicken Tikka Masala can either be spicy or not. Very spicy but delicious!! Heavy sauce to match the type of rice. Roti & Garlic Bread were delicious, partnered with the Tikka Masala sauce very well, though garlic flavoring was strong.Mango Lassi is a mango-banana flavored smoothie. Very thick texture, more of a dessert type drink.Kheer is very sweet rice pudding.Highly recommend.
Yummy! So good! We ate Italian, French, Thai, steakhouse, Japanese on our latest trip to NYC... This was the best! Buy your wine ahead of time-bring it, they'll cork it!!! It sooooo good!!! Service excellent!!!
I've been here several times for lunch and always leave happy.Delicious Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Vindaloo. The lunch special comes with naan and basmati rice for under 10 bucks. I can never finish it all. Try the mango lassi if you're in the mood for something sweet - it's thick and very filling though.
Sooo glad we stumbled upon this place! Did the prix fixed menu which was more than reasonably priced with plenty of delicious options! Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. The staff was super friendly with proper knowledge of the menu. Very attentive and fast, but you don't feel rushed at all. I would def recommend this place for good Indian. ONE THING I wish I knew before was that they don't serve alcohol. But they allow you to bring your own and won't charge you a corking fee. However I didn't know this Til we already sat. Check it out!!
This place is terribly cold.their heater Dosent work. onto the food- quite honestly for $18 price fixed I expected ALOT more. Esp compared to the Murray hill restaurants this place is NOTHING great.They also charge for naan on top of the $18. ARe you kidding me?Also this place iS TINY and up a shady dirty old stairwell. It is not well kept and I will not be back. There are maybe 15 tables which fit between 2-4 people. TINY restaurant in a tiny space.Who keeps giving them 4+ star reviews???I won't be back.Try Chola or other places in Murray Hill.
Best Indian food I've ever had and was extremely reasonable! I got the chicken tikka masala and it was so delicious. The naan here is also out of this world. The waiter was so nice and very attentive. Best meal I've had in a while.
2.5/3.0 for food; 2.0/2.0 for serviceExpect a wait on a busy Friday night! But it's worth it! You can also BYOB.Ordered:Lamb vindaloo: listed on the menu as very spicy, indeed it is. The sauce is a blend of aromatic spices which brings the heat in the dish. The lamb taste was not overpowering and  it was nice and tender! Baingan Bharta (Roasted eggplant): at first look, it reminded me of babaganoush. Although similar in appearance, the taste slightly different (however both are garlicky). Saag paneer (spinach w/ farmer's cheese): nice and creamy, very flavorful. It is different from the saag paneer that I've tried at other Indian restaurants in the city. The cheese in it was very good as well. Coconut naan: very unique, just the right amount of sweet. Unlike other naan which goes well with curry, this flavorful naan is great on its own!
This is a small restaurant upstairs with little room for people waiting for a table and there were plenty on a Saturday night.  But once we got seated things sped up nicely. The place, being small, had a kind of communal homey feeling. Friendly and fast service followed by good Indian food and fair prices. I especially liked their Pakora, which was one of the best that I have ever tasted.  Portion sizes were about average and we left pretty full and happy with this choice.  I'd certainly go back for more.
A bit hidden. On 56th street, walking up the stairs you can find this incredible Indian restaurant. One of the best butter chicken I've ever had! Awesome authentic Indian feeling as well.
So I went there again yst with a few friends.... Started off with the pakoras and chicken kebab.... Both were very good.... Pakoras were nice and crisp and chicken was tender...Ordered chicken tikka masala, chicken some other curry and my fav malai kofta.....This time I dint feel it in the malai kofta... Something was off... Could be the salt... It was less and I just dint feel any taste. Right amount of salt is really a key to bringing out the flavor.....Must say I was not too happy
Just ate here based on the reviews. I guess that there comes a point where Yelp (people) never lies.I have experience eating Indian food, and this is the best I've ever had, seriously, and for the price, you really can't go wrong eating here.The coconut pieces of bread are amazing. Samosas for apetizer, Basmati rice, chickpeas, spinach. All excelent!
Chose this restaurant after reading it's reviews and I was not disapointed.The place is small but has a good atmosphere.Staff is friendly.I had a vegetable samosa and a chicken korma. Everything was really good and cooked perfectly.I definitely recommand this place if you want some good Indian food.
Bengal Tiger was perfect! Casual yet elegant Indian cuisine with attentive, quick service. $17.95 prix fixe dinner was perfect for us. There were a lot of choices and everything was honestly very good! Garlic naan was a little dry so I would maybe save the $3 and get pappadum instead. The chicken tikka masala was exceptional and was very flavorful and tender. You will not be disappointed!
The food was good but not extraordinary. I ordered online and the staff was very cordial and helpful.
5/5 service, 4/5 food, 3/5 decor.Food is very good, some of the best Indian I've had in NY, and the price is very right.No diarrhea!
LOVE IT!!  I've heard a lot about this place and had to come and see for myself.  Even coming on a Wednesday night the place was packed and a 20 minute wait and I see why.   Everything was cooked to perfection and it is the first time I've had Indian food and didn't feel like anything was heavy.   Food is excellent!  They have a pre-fix option ~$19 with a starter, main, and dessert.  The lamb spring roll was excellent.  The meat inside was fresh and it was the first time I've had a spring roll that wasn't overly deep fried and instead good/lightly crispy on the outside.  The chicken korma was delicious one of my favorites but not overly creamy like other places.  Even the kheer for dessert was nowhere near as super sweet as other places.   Definitely coming back here!!
AMAZING. Yum. This place was Fabulous! It's tiny, looks a bit like a hole in the wall, and does not seem to have a handicap access (you have to walk up a flight of stairs to get there), but the staff was attentive and friendly. Best of all, the food was amazing and affordable. We split a meal- for just under $17 we got an appetizer, entree, and dessert. The vegetable tikka masala had great flavor. It could've been just a little hotter but it was still spicy enough to enjoy. I highly recommend.
Yum!  Went with 3 others and had a great experience. Arrived at 5 and were seated right away.  Not fancy but calming atmosphere. We ordered 3 price fixed and one ala carte meal. Delicious appy's of lamb spring rolls that were much larger than expected. They came with dipping sauce that was so good we saved it for the upcoming naan which was good but not the best we've had. Mulligatany soup also delish. Chicken korma, lamb vindaloo, baigan bartha, chana saag all good size portions we enjoyed very much.  Excellent basmati rice accompanied each. Best rice pudding dessert i have ever had, not too sweet nor heavy. They even gave us a free  4th dessert. Wait staff was very attentive and cheerful making sure you were happy with everything.Only regret is that they are not convenient to where we live. Prices r very reasonable for midtown. Will definitely go back.
Service was phenomenal. All of the food was really good. Vegetable samosa, Papadums, naan bread and the chicken tikka Marsala was cooked perfectly. I ordered the spicy which was supposed to be a 6 and it didn't feel spicy at all so if you want spicy, ask. All in all a great meal.
This place rocks for a great Indian Lunch take-out.  2 choices from a slew of options with Rice and Naan.  I didn't think the vindaloo was crazy spicy, which made me happy.I usually get Poppadums too, cos, well, they are poppadums and they crunch.Don't leave without a Mango Lassi!! (unless you don't like them of course)
Very standard Indian place, nothing special about it. Naan was good, lamb saag was good, chicken tikki masala was good, mango lassi was good. Very narrow restaurant with limited seating. I wish this place upped the decor or something.
Affordable, vegetarian-friendly, and good food. What else does one need?This was steps away from my office and a great find! The location is a tad bit hard to find as their is a short walk-up to the second floor but its location in Midtown is definitely convenient.Now, onto the food: I went with a friend so we could order family style. We ordered the saag paneer, malai kofta, garlic naan, and papad. All the entrees were not too spicy, although I'm sure they could have made it spicier if we asked. The saag paneer was flavorful without being too heavy -- which can be a concern when eating Indian food in restaurants. The gravy in the malai kofta was heavenly: not too sweet but creamy. Too often, restaurants make malai kofta taste more like mithai (sweet) kofta but Bengal Tiger got its kofta quite right. The staff was also attentive, always refilling water for my less-spice tolerant friend. There is also a Yelp coupon you should check out if in the area (but it is definitely affordable even without it). Bengal Tiger is worth it for a quick lunch in Midtown or when you are just in the mood for some good curry that won't break the bank!