Fairly decent food, good portions. Especially loved their tandoori roti. Please order well in advance though, they take an hour to deliver on weekends.
My wife and I went to Karma Cafe for the lunch buffet. The chicken kofta was very good but the kheer was burnt. You could easily smell that there was the smell of burnt milk in it.  When I asked the server about the peculiar smell he said its nothing it's rose water.   I can tell the difference between rose water and burnt milk, unfortunately for him.   Considering that was the only dessert in the buffet, I can see why he would want to fib that answer.  Either way, there are a ton of options for Indian food here and I cannot (in good conscience) give a good rating for sub-standard food that should be in the trash.  More so, because dishonesty rather than for the mistake.  Everyone can make mistakes but they don't need to be dishonest about it. One star! Won't go back again.
Taste and portion side was good. Spice level was ok, more towards a palate of an typical american. Overall liked this place.
I can't believe it took me more than a year to finally try this place. Really solid food, great service and atmosphere. As long as no one in your party is sick, this is a great place to share a few entrées with the table. However, if you don't like sharing, each entrée comes with its own rice and salad and it's definitely nice to have the option to share or not. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and tried my boyfriend's Chicken Curry. Both were excellent, and the prices are very low for the amount of food you get.One thing to note was our server added gratuity to our check even though we were only a table of 4, so be sure to look out for that if you go with a larger group. I can't wait to go back!
Walking around Hoboken on a casual Saturday night. Wasn't looking for a loud bar or lounge, just wanted to get some yummy eats. Stumbled upon Karma Kafe, was lured in by the amazing aromas coming from inside the restaurant. Ambience: nothing special, nicer than a take out spot, but casual like a take out spot, but serves alcohol. Weird. LolService: friendly and slow. If you aren't that familiar with Indian food, ask the waiter. He'll point you in to what the popular dishes are Food:* garlic naan * a must! My favorite, plain or dipped in and of the sauces that come with your dish* chicken curry * meh. I was used to Thai curries, so this one I didn't really enjoy* paneer Kashmiri * YUM! The paneer is like a cheese cube, eat it while its warm because the cheese can harden. I'm def a meat lover, but this dish wasn't lacking in anyway - I did not miss the meat. * dessert * I got the first item on the menu, flour balls with syrup - too sweet for me. It tasted like a rolled pancake, almost. * basmati rice * yum, always yummy Value: def a good price for the money!
Karma Kafe is everything an Indian dining experience should be. And more. In my opinion, definitely among the top restaurants in Hoboken. The biggest disappoint I've run into in the three years I've lived in Hoboken is the downgrade of a once-great restaurant. Since going to Karma, the service has always been excellent, and the five star quality of the food has never changed. While it may not look like the ritziest place on the inside, once you get your food, you'll want to keep coming back again and again. I'm not always one for spicy food, and Karma sure has a lot of hot curry and Tikka Masala dishes- but I must say- EVERYTHING on the menu is excellent.
We had the vegetarian appetizer platter. The samosa and the pakodas were good. The cutlet was so-so. The chutney (sauces) served were pretty good! We had malai kofta with some 'kulcha' bread. The kofta was average, but the bread was very good. We had paneer kulcha and onion kulcha. Both of them were pretty good. Soft, Fresh and well buttered :-) We also had vegetarian biryani and it was good with the right amount of spice. It's definitely a must-have at this place.Had gajar halwa (carrot cake) for desert. That was good too. Not out-of-this-world, but pretty good. Good enough to deserve the 4-stars.
just to fulfill the hunger when your tastebuds want Indian food. Not a fan.
Love this place. I took my boyfriend here to try Indian for the first time, and it was so good he now wants to go back when he's craving Indian. The naan is flurry, the tikka masala is mouth watering, and cocktails are refreshing and the staff is very attentive and courteous.
This place has never disappointed us. It sets the bar high if you're a person who compares restaurants with similar cuisines. I haven't had better Indian food anywhere in town.Tonight we ordered take out, had the lamb vindaloo, chicken tikki masala (requested that they make it spicy), chicken samosas, veggie pakoras, and a meat stuffed naan bread. It came with soup and rice as well.Delivery took about 45 min, as we were told, but it was hot and the driver was professional.All in all a great experience.
One of the most important things to me when writing a  review is price, and that being the case I'm knocking my rating down a star. But besides that, the food here is amazing. It's delicious and some of the best indian I ever tasted. Service is good as well, I highly recommend this place.
Poor curry. Think Buffett style. Chicken tikka masala was very bland. Doesn't even come close to the currys you will find in London. Garlic naan and roti was pretty good though.  Think we'll try somewhere in JC next time.
When India on the Hudson closed down, my girlfriend and I were really sad about it -- I know we can make the short trek to Jersey City for Indian Food, but nothing beats delivery on days you don't want to cook. Karma Kafe has made their menu better and the quality of the food definitely shows it. Our favorite things to order are : Chicken Tikka Masala, Any of the Biryanis, of course the garlic Naan. You can never go wrong with their food. The Paneer Palak is also very good. My favorite though is the Malai Kofta. This is for someone who loves to have the really saucy stuff.
Came here for um, I guess late breakfast at 2:30 (I really have to regulate my sleeping patterns), and was just in time for the buffet. My friend and I were starving and but I knew better than to scarf my food down (Indian food is not the best food to be scarfing down when you're hungry). Let's just say it was a very quiet lunch. It was a pretty big buffet, there was: chicken korma, dal, black beans in a sauce, this chicken tandoori, spinach palak, this potato/peppers dish, your raita/tamarind/cilantro sauces, naan, basmati rice, and some other dishes I can't quite remember. Oh and fruit and rice pudding for dessert. We ordered mango lassis which were delish. The chicken dishes were great, I've always had bad experiences with chicken korma but it was really good this time.The food was all really flavorful. I rarely like buffets but this was an exception. I came out probably 3 pounds heavier, it was worth it though. The guys working here were really nice too, they told us to get more food at 3 since they were cleaning up and still sat people down even at 2:45. Awesome service, delicious food, I'm definitely coming back for dinner if I'm in the area.
Love this place my go to Indian place I usually go for the lunch buffet it is different every day and great tasting food , I believe one of the best deals in Hoboken. The staff are always friendly the beer cold and they have a terrace in the summer.there is lots to chose from from salads through to curry and a fair bit of vegetarian too. I have been for dinner a few times too and found the same high standards go enjoy.
Great ambiance! I will be back for actual entrees but I can only speak to the masala tea and dessert that we had that were nice. The masala tea I'm used to getting is mixed and cooked with the milk and masala (spices), but we got a brew and milk on the side. It was nice. Wish we tried one of the mocktails they had (mango colada).We just had dinner but my husband just wanted tea in a relaxed setting. It wasn't as quiet as we thought it was (from the times we passed by it), but we really liked inside. The service was fast and friendly. The ambiance was spot-on and each table had three chutney's for people who were eating dinner. The crowd inside was diverse so I'm sure there is something for everyone. Many regulars. It was also 60% filled at 7 PM on a random wednesday so that was a good sign on the food quality.
I will start this off by saying I have never been a huge fan of Indian food.  It's not something I usually crave.  I can honestly say I've never muttered "let's get Indian tonight," until I went to Karma.My husband suggested we go, after we moved back to the east coast from LA. He talked for a year about a particular dish (lamb korma) that I HAD to try when we moved back.  So of course, being a food lover, I had to try it and give in.  After all, he did give in get sushi with me before he understood just how amazing it would be.We went, it was a quiet night, and service was quick and easy.  The decor is plain, but I wasn't too concerned about that - the food would make or break the experience for me.  I love the cracker that they serve with dipping sauces before dinner.  Just a little something to satisfy without filling you up like bread. I decided to get chicken kashmiri, based on the description in their menu and we also asked for two orders of naan.  The chicken was delicious - moist, flavorful.  But that sauce.  There was not enough naan in the world to gobble up with that sauce!  OMG.We have been back a few times since and I haven't tried any other dish. (If it ain't broke...)  But maybe some day I will.  In the meantime, you must give it a try!
We went here randomly ,just on a whim, it looked cool, we were hungry and it was about 5 feet away from us. We opted to sit inside , but there is nice seating available outside too. The first thing I notice was the decor , it was intricate and very "maharaja" , whatever that means , and a group of 8 girls in the corner , gossiping away , I guess it's good for groups too, but who cares , let's get to the good stuff , foooood! Drinks!! Mango mojitos!! The mojitos were delicious and actually tasted like mango , most places they don't. We didn't get apps , went straight for main course. One thing I loved was that you get your own plate of food , most Indian places you get a pot of curry and you'd have to share. The paneer curry that I got was really good but not great. But they have tons of selection, paneer happens to be my fav. And I'm very picky about it. Your plate also comes with Daal (lentil soup) and rice, which was very good. The naan (separate order)  which is one of my favorite foods in the world, which I'm happy to say was excellent. Fluffy , crispy right out of the tandoor . We got the garlic and the onion , mmmm so good. It can get a but expensive , our bill ran about 60.00 for two , that's without apps . We were so stuffed , that we didn't get dessert either, but will definitely go back ! Must try! Say it with me , Naaaaaan!!
HORRIBLE SERVICE DO NOT GO HERE EVERi called for a lunch order and specifically asked for spicy food and paid with cardthey delivered it, half of it was cold - but i was giving it the benefit of the doubt.  I tasted the paalak paneer and BLAND - horribly BLANDI tasted the butter chicken and BLAND - even more horribly BLANDI then tasted the Dal- and it was pleasantly spicy (this is the standard dal they put in with the meals.  Even though I was unhappy I was like oh well... The guy called 2 hours later and was calling me a liar that I did not give him a credit card number and being so incredibly rude.  I went to grab my card to give him the number again.  So then I thought, ya know maybe I should let them know how I felt about the horribly bland food that I barely ate.  I was like well can you please pick the 2 dishes that I barely ate and replace them with the proper food.  He started going crazy and he's like I cant do that on the food you ordered- I can do something for your next order.  Im like what am I supposed to do with this food? They yelled and said "Oh i found your card number - sorry" - he then hung up.  I called back and another guy picked up and Im like your other guy called me a liar and he says - he said he was sorry.  UNACCEPTABLE - Karma's a bitch and so is this place!
The first time I went to this place I was so excited to try it out. I had heard so much good things about it and I love Indian food. What I got was a very lackluster meal that was extremely overpriced. I like to think of myself as somewhat of an Indian food connoisseur since from my hometown of Queens you go to 74th street and you're basically in little India. Here the food barely had flavor and you had to basically beg the waiter to give you more Naan bread. Come on, I have to beg for bread?You can expect that I will not be going back there anytime soon.
Food was ok slow to come out to the buffet. ..however service  was horrible  worst service  I ever had  slow and didn't seem to care at all
Very good indian food at reasonable prices.  The bhel poori is a great appetizer, and I have had all of their chicken entrees and they are all great.The naan is delicious, if a tad overpriced, but makes a great addition.  Their rice pudding, again somewhat pricey for what it is, is delectable nonetheless.Beware -- you will be charged per soda, despite no warning ahead of time....
Staff is nice, food is OK and not very expensive, we were offered appetizers while waiting for our food. Garlic nan was very good
I've been here a few times. The food was good, the prices are great, and the atmosphere is awesome because it's so nicely decorated. I was just there on Tuesday. The first server we got was nice and smiley but he only took our drink order before we got another server. This guy wasn't overly rude per say but he looked miserable to be there. I was enjoying my time so I didn't mind, we were nice and polite to him. The check comes and we fill out the survey checking "excellent" on almost everything, we tip well and leave. Later that night we wanted to eat our left overs. We both had chicken in different sauces, and this guy thought it would be a good idea to put them in one container?? The naan was in foil, that's fine, the rest of our appetizer was in foil, a little weird but whatever, but then i found out the rest of our rice was in foil???? Two entrees merged in one container and two sides of rice put in one packet of foil??? So odd and it really annoyed me because I think it was really unprofessional. I'm giving 4 stars for the restaurant but that experience was subpar.
I was at Karma Kafe with my better half for lunch buffet last Saturday. I didn't go with lot of pumped expectations and that help me enjoy a couple of good dishes.The weekend lunch buffet is around 11 bucks. The variety is not great compared to an weekend Indian buffet. Some basic stuff like the yellow dal was bad. The mix veggie Kashmiri dish was blah. The salads were decent. The ambience is nice and might feel warm and cozy at night with dim lighting. Verdict - I am not coming here for another buffet. I think one of their selling points is the less number of Indian food options in Hoboken. Unless you are having uncontrollable urge for Indian food you can walk in, ow stay away.
This Indian restaurant is a good one amid the sea of other restaurants on this street. My honey and I started with a samosa (very generously sized, I might add) and it was very tasty. I opted for the tandoori chicken wrap and my honey had the potato and chickpea curry with dal. The portions are very large, so I suggest sharing!
This is our go-to Indian place in Hoboken. I work near "Curry Hill" in Manhattan so Karma doesn't really compare to the restaurants there but for Hoboken, it's certainly more than good enough.I've eaten here for lunch and the buffet is great. I went with my wife and 2 kids plus another family. They were very accommodating to us, which was great. We've ordered delivery from here a number of times and I don't think anything has ever been bad. Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Korma... I think they skimp a little on the rice, so if they could include more rice, that'd make Karma perfect.
This place has the absolute best Indian food I've ever had. The servings are generous, everything I've tried tastes AMAZING, the prices are awesome, and every employee I've met there has been so nice and friendly. I will eat here as long as live in this area, and I will always recommend them to whoever is within earshot. It's not often that I eat food that makes me wanna just lay down and think about life, but Karma Kafe does that to me.If you can't decide where to eat in Hoboken, go no further. (And if you do go further, I will be very, very, sad for you.)
This is my go-to indian place in hoboken. Food is really good though its a bit spicy, which is good though since Indian is typically spicy anyway.. tip: order a lamb curry and at least a couple naans. And a yogurt dip for cooling effect. Mmmm.....
WOW!! Tried the lamb bhina and everything about it was just perfect, well cooked and full of flavors. The Dal And the service could have been better but the food compensated for everything.Service: 1/5Quantity: 4/5Quality: 5/5Flavor: 5/5Ambience: 3/5Would definitely return for more!!
Cute little spot with indoor and outdoor seating. Had the buffet - not a wide selection but definitely quality food.
Try it! Salivating thinking of Karma Kafe. Best spot in hoboken to grab traditional Indian cuisine. I, and all of hoboken, am a big fan of Karma's buffet lunch special (great selection, great dishes, great deal): just make sure to leave yourself ample time as the small spot gets crowded quick (you may have to wait for a table),  though Karma's popularity never seems to pose a challenge to the staffs' fantastic service. Mainly youll want to pace yourself, leaving enough time to get seconds, thirds, fourths... mmmm.... che-che-check it out (or don't...more for me).Tip: If you're grabbing the lunch buffet try and go at an off time, a bit early or a bit late to avoid the crowds.
Who can beat a $10 lunch buffet? The choices are tummy, and the rice pudding for dessert included in the buffet is awesome!! It balances off the spice. I do wish the food was a tad bit spicier, but like I said, who can beat the $10 lunch buffet.
We ordered for delivery the food was great loved it. The mixed grill wasn't as good but the rest of the food was excellent.
Okay - finally decided to try this over Bombay West, our go-to.  While I wouldn't claim BW is the best Indian ever, this was slightly more, Eh.  Def. prefer BW.Mostly, the naan is good, but BW gives you more. The food was decent, but my curry was A) soupy (??!) and B) not that spicy despite asking for it.  The boy got Saag which he said was good, but BW is better.Overall, the menu, price, taste is pretty similar, but BW officially wins.  One major negative, though, is the variety - BW has way more options and of course my ole standby, Jalfrezzi.
Great food. Try malai kofta, kadi pakora - awesome and super flavorful!
In a time when money is tight and restaurants are having a hard time staying afloat, Karma Kafe is always busy! Other restauranteurs and business owners, take note: they're doing things right on a number of levels.  Here's the breakdown:Quality: My husband has had the great misfortune of having a "reaction" after eating a number of Indian chicken meals.  Most happily, Karma Kafe was very good to him!Generous portions: You'll have to take some home, there's so much! Pricing: Really affordable and in a dining room, no less! $5 apps, $10 entrees, $3 naan. Listening to the customer and going the extra mile: I was impressed when I asked for to go boxes so I could pack up the food (it's a germ/food safety thing). Not only did our server listen and brought the containers to the table, but he packed the food (which I didn't expect and began doing). My request for containers has often been disregarded and servers take the plates to the kitchen for packing.Amazing customer service: When our waiter noticed I left half a dish (just the onions and tomatoes which I wanted to be left out, but it was pre-made), he took the dish off the bill!  He said next time, he'll ask the kitchen to prepare it to my liking.When we mentioned we were customers of the now shuttered Anika's Kati Roll, he asked what we ordered there.  I shared I ordered masala but since it wasn't listed on the menu at Karma Kafe, I ordered the aloo chole. Our server said a lot of customers ask for channa masala and they will make it for me next time.  The aloo chole (which is chickpeas AND potatoes) is more tomatoey in comparison to the heavier, cream based masala.Note: The twice used phrase "next time" is a great subliminal trick and if used in a certain manner, can be an invitation to return.Made it personal: Our waiter shook our hands and shared his name--which I apologize I can't remember because I was overwhelmed by the amazing experience I was having!!!Incentive to return: Our server shared cards for free appetizers.  Now of course I'll be back---have you been reading?!? But just in case I was thinking of leaving KK behind, I now have reason to come back---and there are a lot of different appetizers to choose from, so if I didn't like the one I had today, now I can try others. ;)Opportunities for improvement:I'm a clean/germ freak so I see things a bit differently than the average consumer.  Chutneys are placed on tables before guests arrive and we happen to have an uninvited dining guest named Gnat who visited us.  Bet Gnat and his pals would like to take some laps in those pools of condiment!Oh Karma Kafe!  You made me sooo happy, I was literally smiling from ear to ear when I left!  (If you've peeked at my reviews, you know most businesses and experiences don't leave me feeling that way.)
It's ok. The Samosas were ok, chicken vindaloo was really hot, chicken tikka masala had good flavor, but sauce was watery, saag paneer was good, mango lassi tasted sir(spoiled).The delivery took about an hour as indicated. It came, to my hotel room with NO forks or plates,duh.Really not worth the expense.Side note, I had the food from here a year before and it was waaay better.
Love this place! Has yet to disappoint me. I discovered the Chicken Kashmiri here and it's now my alternate to Chicken Tikka Masala. I had a curry there once that was good too.Food is always good and delivery on time, and I love that I don't have to call (delivery.com/seamless). Only complaint is that it's never quite as mild as I'd like, but the flavors are always good so I can't really complain. And the Naan is delicious!Restaurant is cute too, I've had several good meals there. Check it out! :-)
This is a good place. Tastefully done small place and serves sumptuous portions. I did kadhi pakoda here. It came with rice and dal ( dal was okay), but kadhi was good! They can get rid of the pakoda in kadhi. Sangria was fine as well. I liked it and would recommend y'all to visit once.
Really good food. Ordered for delivery multiple times and dined in a couple of times. Never disappointed.
Great food great decor and ambiance. I will be returning with a friend to try the lunch buffet.
My go to Indian spot in Hoboken. Dining in this place has a chill atmosphere with cool tabletops and simple decor. The staff is really cool and service is always great. Food is excellent and they have a good variety. Recommend the weekend afternoon buffet. You will not leave hungry or disappointed.
This is a tough one.  Two stars is a little harsh, but I have given 3 stars to better restaurants...... I'll go three stars because the service was good and there was nothing actually wrong with my food, I just didn't enjoy it much.  I grew up on Indian food and I'm not at all picky about it, I just like it to be tasty, and I wasn't impressed with Karma (sorry!).  I would rather eat at a number of other Indian food restaurants in the area before I come here again.
This was the first genuinely disappointing Indian food experience I've had in this area. Delivery was fast, and I was starving, so I was incredibly let down on digging into the lamb vindaloo I ordered to find that it was all bone. I mean, about as close to 100% bone as it could be without there being any meat at all. Of course, more likely than not you won't get boneless meat when ordering Indian, but when you're digging through a pile of curry and bones ultimately scraping up what amounted to one cube of meat at any of the Indian places a mile away in Jersey City, you should be embarrassed for your business. That entire section near Journal Square has about 5 blocks worth of great Indian places, and I've never been ripped off from any of them.  I paid $30 for a container of bones last night; considering I'm not a dog who lives in a junkyard, that didn't do me much good, so I suggest you don't make the same mistake.
This place is so charming, amazing customer service, and best of all... the food is AMAZING! Every time I go I try something different and have never been disappointed. I can honestly say this is my favorite place in Hoboken!! Two thumbs up!
I have been here multiple times. Absolutely love the lunch buffet. The service is always great. Literally no complaints about this place. However just as side tip if and when you go try and go before 12 or after 1 so you get stuck in the lunch rush and then have to wait a table.
Ordered off of Seamless on a Friday night. We selected the kebab platter, the archari lamb and the saag chicken as well as a naan. The kebabs were good - preferred the lamb over the chicken. The archari lamb was spicy and flavorful. The saag chicken was tender. The naan was average and the daal was terrible. The basmati rice was good but too small. Will order from here again but will try a different bread and just chuck the daal.
New to Jersey City, I decided I wanted to have Indian food. As I went through the choices near my hotel, I came across Karma Kafe. I needed to have the food delivered and was a little worried about the quality of food. No need to worry! Everything was delish! First, great portion size. Secondly, and most importantly, everything was soooo good. I ordered the samosa chat, palak paneer, and raita.
Another good take out meal from Karma.  Started with the tandoor shrimps followed by the Tilapia Malabar (fish is so tender) and an order of chicken tikka masala and garlic naan with the mango chutney.  A relaxing Sunday night dinner on a super cold night.
Love this place.  The food is amazing and I haven't had a bad experience here yet.  They have reliable delivery...including going to two places during Jonas and delivering food in the 18" of snow.  Simply great food and great service.
We've been eating here for like 4 years now and it's absolutely delicious. We've catered food for an event from here before and they were super helpful and the food was delicious. All the guests loved it! The spinach with chickpeas and Chicken biryani are my favorites. The kebob platter and of course chicken tikka masala are also reallllllly good.Service is always accommodating, courteous and efficient! Will be going here for a long time.
Went here for curry before and it was just "okay." It wasn't spectacularly good or bad, so it was not very memorable. What is great however is their lunch buffet! I appreciate how they have meat and non-meat options. Everything is very tasty, although a bit spicy. I also loved how their buffet had fruits and a rice pudding for dessert. One thing I noticed is that it can be a bit difficult to get the waiter to get you a refill on water.
I think I just found my new go-to Indian spot. We've ordered from here a few times and have never been disappointed. First off, best garlic naan ever. Yes, it's probably because it's fluffy/crispy, and LOADED with butter and garlic. Do I care? No. I'm not ordering naan b/c I'm watching my waist. I'm ordering naan b/c it's delicious....and this stuff is seriously delicious.The Chicken Kashmiri has been the underdog favorite. It's like a mix between chicken korma and chicken tikka masala, and in addition to big chunks of chicken, is loaded with vegetables. This stuff is da bomb. p.s. that oughtta tell you how good it is - I haven't used a phrase like "da bomb" in...well....ever.Chicken Tikka Masala is very good. Not the best, but certainly worth ordering. It's a little more mild and has a little more tomato flavor, while being slightly less creamy than I'm used to. The paneer is also very good.My only complaint is the wait. We've never waited under an hour, but we do live in downtown Jersey City, so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt and not taking any stars away. I know how bad traffic can get around here.
My favorite appetizer here is the wings and the samosas. Been here about 5 times and even got take out. Always so full every time I eat and cant stop eating it as well. It is amazing and perfect for when I am craving something spicy.
It was extremely bad. I had ordered malai kofta, mushroom matar and kheer. I had to throw away the malai kofta. It was horrible. Mushroom matar and kheer was ok. The food was delivered in one hour, which is the standard time for delivery. The food when we received, was hot, which is good. Just wondering how can a chef make so pathetic malai kofta.
The Indian food is my favorite cuisine. Therefore, this place in my opinion is a delicious place to attend when craving Indian. From chicken to vegetarian food this place offers great food and service. They are kind to all people. The location is perfect too. I recommend it to anyone.
Food in this place was just OK.Funny , what I liked the most was the Raita sauce .BBQ chix was ok too .Everything else on the buffet was passable but bland . I guess because of the quality of food the kitchen as to put out for the buffet,  the quality is suffering . We also had two desserts. One was some type of cheese with condensed milk that was the better of the two . However , I could only eat half of one of the pieces .  I did not pick up the bill but this place looked cheap . I wouldn't go back and the reason is actually the men's room had a strong smell even though it seemed clean .
Still good, but no longer untouchable. I think for the serving size you get, they prices are pretty high.
My wife and I have been going to Karma for years and we love it. I am a huge fan of Indian food and this is one of my all-time favorites. I do not consider Karma "authentic" Indian food -- it's cooked for the Western palate but it's always delicious. Also, we've always had great service.There are a few plates that you have to experience onsite instead of delivery. I'd say the tandoori sampler and the wings haryali should be enjoyed there in the restaurant. For delivery, we normally order the chicken malabar, tilapia malabar, chicken biryani, aloo chole and sometimes the chana palaak. Delivery time is reasonable and the food is always great.
Karma Kafe is my favorite place in Hoboken to get traditional Indian food because they are CONSISTENT in the quality of the food they serve, and all of their dishes are more than reasonably priced.Whether you order delivery (they've mastered the art of packing food to go so it stays mess-free and arrives steaming hot) or you eat-in, you won't be disappointed with the flavors and quality of their food.Everything I've had from here is delicious, even their many vegetarian options don't disappoint in the flavor department. My favorite appetizer dishes are the Wings Havarti (Baked chicken wings in a spicy yogurt marinade, served with a tangy mustard sauce $8) and the Karma Aloo (Sautéed baby red potato wedges served over a chilled tomato and garlic reduction, dressed with yogurt and pepper sauce $7). I've also had their Veggie Samosas which are always spot on, but tend to be on the heavier side for an app. As far as entrees, I've had many of their vegetarian dishes and have never been disappointed. Most recently, I was impressed with their Chana Palak (Chick peas in a spiced creamy spinach sauce. $12) for having so much FLAVOR.I have yet to try their buffet brunch/lunch on the weekends, but I am very much looking forward to it. If you're looking for straight forward, honest, flavorful Indian cuisine without all of the weird fusion dishes of other nearby establishments (Naanchos? Really?) I highly recommend Karma Kafe.
Good food and very reasonable lunch buffet. Selection of salads, veggie dishes and a few chicken options. Lots of white rice and amazing bread, including fluffy yet crispy naan. I hadn't had Indian food for some time and this restaurant, definitely hit the spot. Great service. They filled up my water glass about 10 times :-).Ps. A full menu is also available
We were visiting New York on vacation and staying at the W Hotel in Hoboken. We ate at Karma Kafe about an hour before they closed the night we arrived and we loved it!I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and my boyfriend had, I believe, the Lamb Vindaloo. We also shared some plain naan, garlic naan, and one more but I can't remember! It was all very delicious, and had just the right amount of spice. We both like spicy food, but don't want anything uncomfortably spicy. The waiter was very friendly too, and we didn't feel too rushed being that we came in so late. Overall, loved it and would definitely go back.
The wait for our food was just ridiculous - 35 minutes (conservative). And not once did our waiter acknowledge the delay. The garlic mann was good, but not great. The chicken tikka was flavorful, but not all the chicken pieces were tender.
The chilly gobi, an Indo-Chinese cauliflower stew with peppers, was probably the best dish I've had in a long time. The cauliflower, my forever nemesis, was very tender and soft. It was a texture contrast to the thin sauce and the crunchy green peppers.      The tandoori chicken was terrible. The meat was dry (like the waiter's personality), the spice rub was too spicy even for an Indian food lover like me, and the chicken skin looked like a Victor Frankenstein experiment gone awry. I was under impressed because it is considered their best dish. Really? That's your best dish?     The dal, a lentil soup, was delicious, however, my fellow diners didn't enjoy it as much as me. The soupy lentils was the perfect for the chewy naan. And that brings me to...     NAAN!!! The charred naan had the crustiness of burnt ends and the chewiness good flat breads should have.      Palak paaner is a traditional Indian dish of spinach and... you guessed it... cheese. Some people don't know that Indians make cheeses but weirdly enough, they do. Anyway, spinach with cheese is just not my thing so I ended up disliking this dish.     For dessert, we had vermicelli pudding with golden raisins and almonds. I, personally, didn't like it because of its odd texture. But my fellow diners wanted to bring some home.      I enjoyed the food we had today so I'm giving it 4 stars. I recommend going to Karma Kafe as soon as possible!
Worst dinner. Samosa had no salt. Chicken curry tasted just like boiled chicken. Rice and daal are complimentary with the entree - rice was good, but daal sucked bug time. Wings hariyali which is  Chicken wings - was just okay. Naan was great. We are not coming back. The food is worthless for the quality and the taste!
This was my first time eating at an Indian restaurant. I have very particular taste, so when my friends suggested we try it, I was skeptical. When I arrived at the establishment, I was very impressed with the decor. I enjoyed how much effort was placed into making it look authentic. It's a dimly lit, small space, so it's perfect for a date, or small group of friends.When I looked at the menu, I had a hard time deciphering what was what, but the waiter was very helpful in describing each dish. I ended up ordering the Chicken Tikka, which was $13. It came out quickly and looked great. The dal was a bit too spicy for me, but the rice and chicken tikka tasted great. For the price, I was hoping for a bit more, and usually I would give it one less star, but hey, this is Hoboken.I also ordered a drink, the Punch-A-Tauntra. It was absolute citrus, triple sec, and a few other things mixed together. It was $9, but huge and pretty strong, so I could forgive the price on that.Overall, I had a great experience that left me wanting more.
I love this place. It was my second time trying Indian food and it was nearly perfect. It's cozy and atmosphere is great for couples. I guess table is little too small for more than 3 dishes but still you have to try this one if you love Indian food. We ordered garlic naan, chicken tandoori, and shrimp Malabar and naan was perfect. Love it.
Great food. Just be ready for them to completely mess up your timing on delivery. They frequently are on the late end of Seamless time tables and today where 40 minutes late on their scheduled delivery. A real shame that they can't figure it out.
While the food was mostly tasty - chicken biryani  and lamb curry (good)  with a vegetable appetizer (this was so-so- more like fried dough). The wait definitely  brought down my review.
Thanks to a couple friends' reviews, I was directed to this quaint little spot for a ~$10 lunch buffet.We sat at a relatively tiny table. The inside was small but still navigable (?) enough to make my way to the buffet area without fear of bumping into other guests. The food had good flavor. There's not much variety, but there is at least one offering of mild, moderate and strong flavoring and spiciness. In terms of meat, chicken meatballs and chicken wings were offered. Unfortunately, the chicken wings were sitting out for a while and became dry. They definitely weren't overcooked. The potato balls were the standout. Fluffy inside, crispy outside with a fair amount of curry flavor.One thing that stuck out to me was the food didn't seem too fresh. It could have been a result of the cooking style. A lot of stewed, mushy, food. As for the beer, the Taj Mahal lager tasted like any of your big name beers.Overall, it wasn't a bad meal. It was filling and tasty for a good price; just not anything to rave about.
Having joined The Quarter Century Club two days ago I need to step up my staying in with takeout game because isn't that what old people do?Just kidding. It's cold & rainy tonight and unless you're paying me $200+ I'm not leaving my friggin couch for anything. Ordered Karma Kafe on Seamless and was incredibly happy. The Chicken Tikka & Malabar are both wonderful. Full of flavor and spice. The portions for the chicken & sauce are generous which is good news for my movie marathon but I could have used a bit more rice because I now have 3 containers of sauce and chicken no more rice.Otherwise strongly recommended.
Love their $10 lunch buffet! What an awesome deal! Food is delicious.
So my friend had never had Indian food before & I read some reviews on Yelp that led me to Karma Kafe.Even though it was only my second time having Indian food, I loved every minute of it and can't wait to go back.I had the Chicken Saag, which was chicken with spinach and a tad spicy. Beyond delicious. My friend had the Chicken Madras which was spicier than mine and yummy as well. We both had Indian beers which went well with our meals and Mozzarella Naan bread too, which I could basically continue to eat until I exploded. The decor is so nice, from the walls to even the details on the tables. The staff is super nice, attentive and authentic. Overall great experience and I can't wait to go back and try more stuff!!!
Just wanted to update my review with my recent experience of buffet lunch here.As I was at one of my offices on Hudson riverfront, me and my colleagues wanted to try some Indian buffet. After a very long time I was coming for a buffet lunch.This place is not huge and but has decent amount of seating available. They have the lunch buffet from 12 to 3 in the afternoon. When we walked in this place wasn't crowded at all. Here is run down of the food which they had as part of the lunch buffet -Appetizers*Chicken Kofta( Small chicken patties roasted on grill)*Tandoori Chicken*Pakora (Veggies deep fried)Main Course*Chicken Tikka Masal*Aloo Baigan (Egg plant with potatoes dry)* Paneer Chole(Chick peas with indian chesse)* Saag(Rapini and Spinach)* Naan (Bread)* Basmati RiceSides* Three different types of salads* Hot and sweet saucesDessert* Kheer( Rice cooked with milk)Though personally not a very big fan of buffet but my experience here was very pleasant. The appetizers specially chicken kofta were delicious. I felt some of the main course dishes like aloo baigan and paneer chole were very bland. But overall it worth the buck since it's just $10 bucks here for a lunch buffet. They also kept on refilling the buffet table on a regular basis.The servers were attentive.
This is by far the best Indian restaurant in Hoboken. The portions are huge, the staff are friendly, and it's always a great experience. I've come here many times in small and large groups and have never left disappointed. The buffet they have for lunch is also an amazing deal for what you get. Unfortunately, I don't get to experience it very often. My favorite dishes here are lamb Biryani, Naan, and Chicken Pakoras. They also have great drinks, and wine, including non-alcoholic drinks like Mango Lassi. If you order a lot, sometimes they'll even throw in a free dessert or an appetizer for next time.
I love this place. Granted, I'm still basically only eating the Chicken Tikka Masala (the General Tso's of Indian food), but the dish is well-spiced, tender and the dinner portion is enough for two decent sized meals. Still planning on testing out the buffet soon to see how their other dishes taste. Highly recommend.
Good stuff.  Just had Veggie Samosas- awesome.  Everything else we had was good.  Spice, but not too much.  Environment is cool and super laid back.  Good wine list and service was just fine.  My new go-to place when I come to Hoboken for work!
Things I like about this place: the portions are large.  The tomato soup is excellent.  They are the only Indian place in town.  The service is good.Things I don't like about the this place: the actual quality of the food isn't very high, especially when you think of how many amazing places there are in Jersey City.  Their selection is also a bit limited and a tad Americanized.
3.5 stars.  This is Hoboken so I can't expect a super authentic Indian experience but I enjoyed the taste of the food. Service was ok.  Food came out fast, servers filled waters quickly. The only downside is that the waiter who took our orders said they offered basmati brown rice, which we all ordered but we didn't get that.. we got basmati white rice. It also took a while for us to give our orders). We started off with the poori (puffy fried bread) as an app, $5. It was supposed to come with an onion salad of some sort but we got nothing. The food comes in a HUGE portion and it's actually plenty spicy, which I appreciated. I got the tiliapia malabar, which was a brown fish curry. It was pretty spicy with a hint of coconut.. I thought it'd be a lighter curry but I can't complain. It was piping hot. All entrees come with tomato, lettuce, lentils (bad, watery lentils.. a small portion too.. not the hearty kind), and lots of buttery basmati rice (this was pretty good).  I think this was some $16-17ishMy Mom had the kebab medley, which was a chicken tikka masala kebab, and a grilled chicken kebab (some other flavored chicken). The pieces were plentiful, good and tender. This also came with lentils and rice. I believe this was $15..(sorry too lazy to look up the menu haha0My Dad ordered the shrimp biriyani which was $18.. it's a curried rice dish with basmati rice. I'm quite familiar with it since we Burmese have our own version of this dish. I thought Karma's was more on the stir fry side.. you could tell they probably didn't labor over each spice that's supposed to do into this dish but eh, I didnt try it too much so I guess I am assuming. There was plenty of shrimp in it.  It came with a meh  yogurt sauce (it was a bit sour and cold.. sort of just tasted like.. a cold tzitaki which isn't Indian at all!)Again, A+ for the spicy food but overall a 3.5 star experience. I'd come back only because there isn't a ton of Indian in Hoboken but there are better places in the city.
Great ambience and very welcoming. Although the place is somewhat tiny - it has a nice mellow vibe.Food: Paneer Cube Starters followed by Garlic Naan and Paneer Makhani. Some restaurants make the 'Paneer Makhani' too sweet or a little bland, but Karma definitely has it right! If you're feeling brave in terms of cheat days - go with the Gulab Jamun dessert. Staff: The staff is really great here. Ask for Felix - has a great sense of humor.
do not order delivery from karma kafe--we ordered via grubhub, and we waited for over two hours and it never came, so we finally gave up.  karma kafe's phone number did not get answered.  they owe me $60.
A new indian cafe I explored today..Went here for lunch buffet..Karma cafe has good options for veg and non veg both.. I believe in trying out new things so you will definitely find something different here..
Stop yourself and don't even think of going to Karma Kafe. Control your taste buds if you are craving for Indian food. Karma Kafe had their kiosk in Hoboken Art festival today. They had most unfriendly staff and I had to give directions to give me my parcel in bag, ask for spoons and paper napkins! Besides they listed their items in menu as Chicken combo and Veg combo. A chicken combo usually includes chicken curry and a vegetable curry. However they only had the chicken curry as part of it. I wonder why they called it a combo. The chicken curry was too sweet and no spices. Felt like eating chicken marinated in yogurt but zero spices or salt. Worst part was their box was so substandard quality and the guy didn't close it properly. Some of curry spilled inside the bag before I noticed and locked it nice! I don't recommend them. There are many better Indian restaurants in Newport.
My wife accidentally ordered from them again and it took over 2 hours again. Can't make this stuff up. Food arrived bland and cold to boot. Strong stay away.
Despite the cheesy name, their food rocks. One of my all time favorites in Hoboken. So happy they'll be back in the (hopefully) near future after suffering damage from a fire in adjacent building.
Karma is back and looks great and improved! Probably the best lunch special And buffet in town. The food seems authentic (I'm not from India) and incredibly tasty and fresh. I'm writing this review after speaking with the owner and hearing about the troubles with the fire. Apparently she kept staff on the payroll as they were closed. Bravo !
Half of the of the food was great and half of the food was ok to not so good.  The potatoes in the weren't well done.  The samosas were okay.  The rice was great!  So was the garbanzo beans with the sauce.  I'm not sure I'm a fan yet.  I may give it another chance.  I ordered out.  Perhaps it would be better if ate in.
We have ordered from Karma Kafe a couple of times before. And so, we ordered food for home delivery last night for dinner. I was absolutely not expecting dishes filled with mostly oil! It's obnoxious amount of cholesterol that I must have consumed! We ordered yellow daal, bhindi aloo and palak paneer. Al soaked in oil. This has been my worst experience with them. I hope they pay attention to this post and mind the oil content as this is not at all acceptable.
The food was really delicious with the right balance of spices . We ordered the papri chaat as an appetiser and had the veg jalfrezi and paneer makhani for the main course. The portions were quite large and came with dal and rice.The only downside was the service. We got served in dirty plates and the waiter was looking to get rid of us early since they were close to shutting time.Also the gratuity was included in the bill even though we were a party of just 4 which I thought was weird.I would definitely go there again though just because the food was great!
Definitely one of the better places to eat indian food in Hoboken. I have been to their afternoon buffet couple of times and ordered delivery few times as well. Always good quality and taste. Their buffet is really well priced especially considering the location. They always delivered food in reasonable time.
The lunch buffet here is VERY good and a steal for $10 pp. The restaurant itself is pretty small, but there's still room for larger groups plus the outdoor seating when weather permits. There's not too much variety when it comes to the lunch buffet, but it does include vegetarian options. Both the chicken and fish curries were delicious and the trays were always well-stocked so that diners didn't have to wait. I really enjoyed the fresh baked naan as well. There was also a mushroom curry dish that was seasoned perfectly and loaded with assorted veggies. Everything in the buffet was hot and fresh, and not overwhelmingly spicy or oily. This is a quaint place to grab a quick lunch and all-you-can-eat for $10 is a steal!
Tried this place in two different manners: 1) Came here for dinner; 2) Ordered delivery via Seamless.For the sit-down dinner, I felt most of the non-veg items were pretty damn dry. The grilled veggies were good, though.More recently, I ordered delivery because my wife and I are too lazy to cook or go out. The food was good and filling, but it took FOREVER to get here. Seamless estimated 70-85 minutes, which is already pretty harsh, and the food took 93 minutes to get here. All I could hear was my wife saying "I'm hungry" while we waited. The Lamb Korma was different from any other Indian food I've ever had, but definitely delicious and creamy. The Chicken Tikka Masala, on the other hand, was among the worst. Although the flavor was good, the gravy was so way too watery and runny compared to what I'm used to. I like it really thick and creamy, maybe that's just me. The Chicken Biryani was bland, dry, and disappointing compared to the other ones I've had, like Taste of India in the Newport Mall.
Pros: daL makhani and the veggie sampler is worth your buck. Other dishes esp. Chat is horrible. The ambience is nice but, the waiter had a very bad attitude .
Maybe 3-1/2, but opting to round down to three stars as the food was good, but not spectacular.  Enjoyed their Chicken Tikka Masala.  It was a bit spicier than most I've had, but not too spicy (I'm a bit of a wimp).  The rice was good (usually is, but it is possible to make bad rice).  I thought the naan was pretty average (we had garlic and had mozzarella, the second of which was unique and good, but not amazing).  Overall, if you are in the mood for Indian food, this is a good choice.  It's not the most authentic, but the food is well prepared and mostly flavorful, and good value for the prices.
Constipation Guaranteed buffet.Tastes pretty good but please stop putting constipation med in the food.Tried three times and same results.
Simple indian place, good food, big portions, right price.  Service was weird as we had like 5 different waiters and at the same time we didn't have a waiter - if we wanted something we had to make it very well known we needed attention.  But it is a cute place on the strip and worth a trip.  Chicken Tikka Masala was excellent, the Naan was good.  We did order their special stuffed Naan and didn't like it, but the Garlic Naan was good.  And I got a lamb biryani which is how I test out all Indian places, and it was good, but they didn't remove the inedible and really hard spices so you got a couple surprises every now and then.
I've been to Karma Kafe on numerous occasions. In the process I've experienced everything from their lunch buffet to dinner to delivery. Every time, they follow through with a fantastic experience.The lunch buffet leaves nothing to be desired. They have a wide selection of food that left my omnivorous friend and my vegetarian self so satisfied that we practically waddled out of the place.The difference between eating there for lunch and dinner is the crowd. The lunch crowd is usually people from nearby businesses and some families with small children. It's usually not too crowded, too. During dinner you get an interesting mix and they have a tendency to be more crowded. The problem with that is that it can get loud pretty quickly inside. However, the outdoor seating area is nice and is usually a viable option.Delivery is the one thing they fall a little short on. I've ordered from them through seamless and waited for over an hour for the food. The food was delicious once I got it, but that wait just about did me in.The food is always fresh and delicious, and I like that they offer cocktails in addition to wine and beer. I'm not a fan of rum, but I highly recommend the mango mojito.
Thank you Mr. Daroowalla!!! This place is awesome!!! If you're within a five radius of Karma Kafe (and you're hungry) - you need to go here! Food is well balanced in flavor, the naan is HUGE, and the service is what you'd expect from a restaurant in Hoboken. Thank you the great lunch experience!
This was my first time trying Indian food and I'm glad I chose Karma for it! Food was exceptional! I got the chicken saag. This dish is pieces of chicken that is smothered in creamed spinach. It was incredible and came with tomato soup and rice. My boyfriend ordered the chicken madras which he loved as well. The garlic naan was fluffy and absolutely a must when eating at karma. I also got the red sangria which came with freshly cut apples. Absolutely perfect dinner. I'll be back for sure!
This restaurant is closed due to a fire, where are these people getting these reviews from? And when I called for delivery a mild tone voice said they don't have delivery. Really so what's really going on here?
I came here for the first time for the lunch buffet on a freezing cold Sunday in January.  My boyfriend is Indian and he recommended this place.  He knows the owner and said he was just in love with cooking authentic Indian food and decided to open this restaurant and follow his passion.  It shows in the food - fresh and fluffy naan, fantastic authentic curries and great chicken tikka masala.  My favorite was the paneer palak, the spinach is so creamy and intriguingly spiced...just loved it!  The restaurant is also pleasantly decorated with inlaid tables and plush maroon velvet pillows.  The service was attentive with someone coming over to take away our plates almost the minute we polished them off.  Was stuffed when we left but can't wait to come back again.
The lunch buffet is really great and is super affordable. It's different each day of the week, my favorite is the fish tiki masala on Fridays
Good good good good customer service. Excellent food. Nice environment. Absolutely love it!!!!
The salmon tandoori!! It is the only reason I comeHere!! It is delicious and amazing, though I'm sure it's farmed salmon and I'm poisoning myself with every delicious bite. The ceasar salad, without chicken is pretty good, for the price you can't beat it. The service is hit or miss and it can get really loud inside because it is so small. Im told they have a really inexpensive lunch buffet during the week but I'm not sure how good it is because I haven't been. I have ordered take out from the lunch special and it was delicious and an affordable 7 dollars. Yes.... You read that correctly!! I can't even get two lattes for that price! I come here after kickboxing sometimes and it's always been a good experience.
Been coming for 8 + Years . Hands down the best Indian food you could find . Service is extremely good. They make sure the customer is completely satisfied . Felix is my go to guy at the restaurant. Try the butter chicken I assure you haven't had butter chicken like this anywhere in the tri- state.
Awsum food both Veg and Non veg..also they opened for us beyond thr closing time. Do try karma aloo..They made our new york trip fantastic
Best Indian food you can get in Hoboken/Jersey City area. Get Chicken Korma with a side of naan. Heaven.
BEST INDIAN FOOD IN TOWN!First of all, the staff here is probably the most polite and coordinated and helpful staff I have ever experienced, especially Felix who makes sure our expectations are met. It makes me and my family come back over and over. Food is amazing. I always leave here with a food belly because I just end up eating more than I need to. Start off with a mango lassi or mango mojito and go right into the appetizers.Appetizers: chilli paneer, pakoras, and samosas Main entree: paneer makhni! Dessert: gulab jamun The entree comes with rice, side salad, and with the amazing dal. For the bread, I have tried all different types of naans and parathas so my favorites would be the garlic naan and the laccha paratha- so fluffy and warm, you will feel so cozy. You will feel at home when you're here. The entree is made with the right amount of spices,not unnecessarily spicy nor bland. I highly recommend this place for a dinner with family or even for a buffet with friends and coworkers. I know I definitely am making it a tradition to come here on occasions.
Amazing restaurant. One of my favorite in town. I am eager to eat there again when it reopens! I was recently in Paris and as I sat under the Eiffel Tower I was actually dreaming of eating at Karma, and that just reminded me how much I love it.Delicious food, great service, all the servers are very relaxed and attentive. I always recommend the lunch buffet! Great place can't wait to get back.
Best indian entrée and dessert. Try the mango lassi, one of the finest I had in a long time. They also have lunch buffets just for 10 bucks, so a good option to try a variety of Indian meals.
Karma Kafe is quickly becoming my favorite restaurant. Being a regular at the weekday lunch buffet, I have to convince myself to not eat here every day of the week. Not only is each dish more delicious than the next, but the lunch buffet is by far the best deal in the area.
If you enjoy a casual tikamasala this place is for you. Vindaloo is hotter than a whore in church, and the tandori shrimp will have you feeling some type of way. The Nan will also get your peppies turnt. I'm showed.
Very good food and plenty of it when you order in. I ordered out once and the amount was significantly reduced. The quality was good though, escept the specialty bread tasted a bit stale though. The lamb dishes are delishious. The brown dipping sauce is excellent. The wait staff is excellent and attentive. No need to expect cold food here or the wrong order. They are very polite. The decore is cheery and very clean. The music is not too loud. It fits the mood. I can communicate with my meal partners and not over hear the next table.The lighting is just right. Able to read menue, see food and the person across from me. The tables are very close to one another but can be overlooked.
Highly disappointed .stale food !  We reached towards the end of buffet . Everything was almost over . We still are as we didn't have any other option . Then we found any hair in the food! Ok forgiven . After 15 mins of eating my stomach was literally churning .. Cramps like I've never had before in my life . I was in such pain ! Had to rush home . This was first meal of the day so it can be only attributed to this food . Don't know what was in that food but won't return
The best indian food in hoboken, when are you reopening!!!!
I was staying at the W and craving Indian food. I ordered several of their items for take-out. Service was fast and friendly. Everything was really good and totally hit the spot.
I've only been here for the lunch buffet but it was immaculate.  Although there is a handful of food options, they are all extremely tasty and there is ample meat and vegetarian options.  I recommend the rice pudding for desert and bonus points if you top your fruit with it.  Service was very quick as well, every time I got up to get food my table was plate free when I came back :).  Tables are also very close to one another so don't be surprised if you are in the middle of multiple conversations.Try it out ASAP you won't regret it!
It's so good and the buffet is a great deal.  We have been coming here for 15 years......great quality and very consistent
Best Indian food in Hudson County.  Naan was delicious.  Saffron sauce amazing.  And the guys in there are really cool and help you order the best options for you.
Have been hearing some great reviews about this place so finally this weekend decided to make it to KK for an early dinner.The restaurant was reasonably packed for a Sunday evening and although I badly wanted to sit outside and enjoy the last few weeks of outdoor seating in the restaurant, we ended up getting a table indoors as iall the tables were taken.Service was prompt and they brought in the papad with the assortment of chutneys and menus right away.We ordered beer and mango lassi to start with.The menu is very Meh for vegetarians and we ended up getting Samosas and Kabab Platter.The appetizers took over 20 minutes and I was dying with hunger.The samosas more than made up for the wait.They were insanely good.Infact the best I have eaten in the longest time.The lassis were not as thick and seemed to be too watered down.The kabab platter was terribly dry and we literally choked on them and we did the worst thing a guest could do" Send it back".We felt terrible about it but it was way to overcooked and dry to even swallow down.We ordered another round of Samosas.They were freaking huge but so much flavor, so much filling it could be your complete meal.For mains we ordered the saag paneer and the vegetable biryani.Their portions are huge.The saag paneer came with daal and jeera rice.Saag was great although not as many pieces of paneer as I would like..The biryani was very average and although had a lot of nuts and raisins lacked the flavor and the depth of a biryani.Nor were there enough vegetables.The food is very heavy somehow and we had to pack most of it to take home.We ordered a round of Malai and Pista Kulfi and that was the probably the worst kulfi of my life.It was all ice and the pista kulfi was literally bitter and had lot of cardamon pods.Totally disgusting.I casually mentioned to my husband that next time maybe I would like to try their cocktails,so he laughed and said.." I dont think there will be a next time"Ups:- Service, Ambiance,SamosasDowns:-Everything else.
I am not one to write reviews - I avoid it at all costs but based on tonight's experience I was compelled to do so. We were visiting and stumble across this place. They were very busy for a Sunday night and I now understand why. The meal was phenomenal (although we ordered way too much) and Sonny ort waiter was outstanding. Highly recommend!
Chicken Biryani is the best i've had (other being Udaipur Trident hotel)!Chicken Kali Mirch (aka black pepper) is amaznig ..but the meat can be a lil overcooked at times.   everything else is ok but give it 5 star cuz they got these two things right and a trendy serving style with friendly staff.
I love Indian food! This place was delicious. Staff was also very helpful as well.We ordered the cheese naan, which was nice and cheesy...very good. Our table shared the chickpeas/spinach, chicken tikka masala, and the lamb curry. All dishes were fantastic!Definitely recommend this place!
This place is wonderful.  I always stop by when I'm in Hoboken.  The staff is very fast and very polite, and the menu has a lot of vegetarian options which is nice for those who care-- the Paneer Kashmiri, Paneer Palak, Vegetable Malai Kofta are favorites.  Honestly, you could just go for the naan and leave happy.
After the closing of my favorite Indian restaurant in the area, India on the Hudson, I was really excited to learn that Karma Kafe was owned by the same people. The menu was also set up by the same chef as India on the Hudson.I've been here 20+ times since IOTH closed and I have to say I love it almost as much.  It's a bit smaller, and located closer to the train. They have validated parking which is nice. The staff is great, attentive, and very friendly.
The food is really tasty. Order the chicken tikka one of the best dishes. The mango lassi is worth it but really heavy.
Went there for the weekend buffet. The food and service are both good. They had pav bhaji and idli- Sambhar-chutney as appetizers. The Idli was great melt in your mouth so were the accompaniments, a must try. The pav bhaji was just about ok. The mains were good too. They had a goat curry which was really well made. They had bone in pieces in the curry which really added to the flavor of the curry, normally you will see dry boneless pieces in the goat curries at some other places. The food was pretty flavorful overall. Only thing I would say is it would be nice if they serve the naan on your table as ordered rather than at the buffet table. We also had the chaats at this place earlier once as part of the a la carte menu and they tasted quite good too.
Had the lamb saag (its called something else on the menu but its lamb saag) and was not impressed. Not much flavor. My friend had the chicken tikka which was tasty but watery. Not bad, but far from the best I've had.
I wouldn't be caught dead at this place by myself, but I unwillingly get dragged here often with groups of friends. I hate it more every time. The food is just about average, but the high prices make it much worse. I ordered a naan (bread) last week, and it was an inch thick and half cooked. The chef didn't even bother to bake it all the way. A waiter with half a brain could notice that it was bright white all over and turned it back to the kitchen (a well baked one would be almost brown), but our guy was too much in rush to get over with it. It was so doughy, you could squeeze it into a ball in your fist. They barely cared to use ANY butter on my "butter naan".  The non-alcoholic pina colada contained SO MUCH ginger that it was hard to swallow...we gave it up after 2 sips. The pakoras (starters) were all burnt and charred.  The service was very poor. If the restaurant is about to close for the night, either warn the guests in advance or turn them away. They welcomed us in, and then started rushing us. The waiter came twice to our table to ask if we've finished and wanted the rest of our food in a box. We thought we'd have a relaxed weekend dinner, but it felt more like a breakfast when you're running late for work. Then they started stacking up chairs and tables and their hardware right next to our seat to prepare for closing. My wife had to wait 10 minutes outside the ladies room....and finally the door opened and a man emerged...and without apologizing went straight back to work into the kitchen. How about teaching your staff some rules and manners?? The weekend buffet is a nightmare. They've stuffed in so many tables and chairs that it gets hard to get in or out of your chair without hitting or brushing against someone. I spent half my energy trying to protect my plates from getting knocked over by people walking by. The buffet menu is TINY...and after a while, all that maneuvering you need to do to get from your seat to the food and back just wears you out. I find it highly offensive when restaurants take the liberty of awarding themselves a gratuity--I believe that amount is up to my discretion, based on how good or bad I find your service. Despite their pathetic service and poor food, they added a generous gratuity to the bill. I'm never coming back, and neither should you.
Well I am not a expert on Indian cuisine however I do know what I like and what tastes good to me. We stopped in here for the lunch buffet so we could get a variety of dishes. They had the usual basmati rice, naan and tandoori chicken. Obviously those are very hard to screw up. I however had a delicious chilly gobi made with cauliflower which I helped myself to 3x. Palak Paanar a traditional spinach and garbanzo bean dish was great and a slopped it all over my naan. I really enjoyed the Dal!! I however am a fan of any type of lentil. But this was great it had a kick of spice and I loved the cilantro finish. What I really liked best was the texture some lentils were still whole and others almost mashed. I ate this like a soup, over my rice and also dipped my naan in the bowl. By far my favorite dish there. Vermicelli pudding was the choice I picked for dessert. I really am not a dessert lover and sweet sugar rice with raisins and almond bits just is not my thing. However it was not bad just not fit for my taste buds. This place is very cute and offers outdoor seating on a nice day. The price for the buffet was perfect. All in all great place!!
Had their buffet lunch oncePros: Food was good specially liked  the salad Cons: It was very noisy (It was difficult to talk and we had to literally shout), not enough space between tables which made the place congestedWill I visit the place again? Most likely no
My favorite Indian restaurant in the NY Metro area.  I've been going here for about ten years now, and it is consistently great.
My husband and I have been going here since we moved to Hoboken 6 years ago. The food is delicious (we usually order vegetarian) and presentation is fab as well. The service and staff are extremely pleasant as well. Delivery could be a little faster but it's worth the wait! A must try in Hoboken
I've only been to Karma once, but I really enjoyed it when I went. I had the $10 lunch buffet and there was a great array of food to choose from. I especially liked their naan and rice pudding. This is the only Indian food I've tried btw, but it was tasty and I would definitely come back again.
Really great place to get some drinks and appetizers (every single one is good) ! My personal favorite is the papri chaat!! I have also had the chicken vindaloo lunch box it was delicious! And I had them make it spicer than they usually do, which just made me like it more!
I like curry and Indian food. This place has a buffet at reasonable price and their food is Yum!!!cozy place and the buffet section maybe not appear to be HUGE but it is totally enough. They have good food selection. I like all of it they have to offer.
This is an updated review for the Karma Kafe lunch buffet, which is still 9.99$ a few years later, amazing!I think the buffet quality has improved, especially when I see more Indians sitting down for lunch. Really enjoyed the Curry Chicken which was very tasty. So happy they didnt have the standard Chicken Tiki Masala. Also enjoyed the meat (no idea what type it was, definitely not pork or beef!) kebabs, Palak Paneer, and some new item (it was minced chicken, but cooked in the tandoor).Brought with me a friend who has not had Indian food in a very long time. He was very very impressed with the food and taste and cant wait next time I am visiting to suggest coming here again for lunch.
I absolutely love Indian food and find the food at Karma Kafe delightful.  Especially love the Chicken Tikka Masala because the chicken is juicy and there is just the right amount of spice and sweetness.  The pour on their wine is generous and the whole experience of eating here is quite enjoyable.  My only complaint is that the staff can be slow and hard to track down at times.  Overall, a solid choice for Indian food.
We just ordered via seamless from Karma and I felt obligated (or maybe inspired?) to write this review. We have eaten from Karma many times since moving to downtown JC - the food is always reliable and arrives within an hour (if you're ordering). They do make things spicy if you request it though not nearly to the level we like! If you live in downtown JC and can't make it to the more authentic Indian restaurants in Journal Sq, I would advise ditching our local downtown Indian spots (Raaz, Amiya) for a quick trip to Karma (or get it via seamless!).We have tried the buffet but tend to stick with the veggie lunch box when ordering on weekends. Aloo Chhole, veggie jalfrazie, channa palak are all fantastic. I also loved their app sampler which came with samosas, tikkis and pakoras - really awesome and crispy when I tried them - not too oil logged and soggy.If you visit Karma in person, you may have a wait as it's quite small. Atmosphere is so-so - simple, no frills. But it's certainly worth it to have one decent Indian spot nearby!
Delivery took two hours.  We are only two miles away.  They were rude when we called.  Just told us the driver has left and we will receive our food in 5-7 mins and 45 mins later still no food. We called again and he said the driver left without helping to call and find out where the driver is.  Never going to order from this place again.
Great Food, Atmosphere and service. Felix always takes good care of you. Had the Malai Kofta, and Samosas many times as well as the Saag and Tika Masala. The Buffet is excellent as well. I've never had a bad menu item here.
Not the best but very good Indian food in Hoboken. I usually get lunch from them. Their portions are very decent. My favorite appetizers are the samosas and vegetable pakoras.  I usually get their biriyani or other lunch boxes. I always finish everything i order every time. I recommenced their Chicken Tikka Masala, Vegetable Malai Kofta, Paneer Maklhani, and Aloo Chole. The only complaints I have is that delivery takes a little longer than expected and the prices are just a bit high.
The ambiance was good. Loved the egg plant curry & garlic naan. The reason I gave them a four star is I wished there were more options for vegetarian entrees.
After pining for some Indian food for weeks on end, we decided to go to Karma to test the waters. I was not disappointed. We ordered garlic naan, butter chicken and chicken tikka masala. Everything was flavorful and evenly spiced. Not too spicy but not too mild. We will definitely visit again.
I don't often get cravings for Indian food but recently one came about.  I'm normally loyal to Bombay West further uptown (which is still my favorite) but Karma Kafe is a very, very good alternative.  The Chana Palek lunch special (spicy please!) is delicious and only $6 (comes with a side of rice).  If you order delivery, you'll get banged for a $2 delivery fee which is annoying but worth the splurge every once in a while.  The  Chana Kachumber salad is also fantastic and a HUGE portion for only $5 (no way could I finish it).  So, I'm starting to learn a lesson that the best ethnic food available in Hoboken is likely Indian, surprisingly enough.  I'll have to try to increase the frequency of my hankerings for it.
I cannot get enough of this place - Some of the best Indian food i have ever had - anything you order off the menu is brilliant - they have a fun take on the Soup of the Day - and a fresh approach to their dishes.PS - the delicious cracker made of chickpea plower is addicting.  Called Popper It's like Crack to an indian food lover!
--VEGETARIAN REVIEWER--Tried the delivery option. Ordered a bhel puri and veg biriyani. Former was extremely underwhelming, and the biriyani had a big fat tamarind seed in it. At least that's what I thought it was. Otherwise it was alright. Nothing to rave about. Quantity is plenty for the money, so stars for that.I might want to try their buffet option (based on other reviews), otherwise, I doubt I'll order from here again.
This place has pretty bad customer service, the food is fine but the service spoils it all. The table plates are not cleared for 15 minutes with waiters passing by every 1 minute. The to-go packs are missing on folks/spoons or any tissues. 20% Automatic gratuity comes in ur cheque to cover for all this service. Trust me there are better places around with better service.
I came here for the lunch buffet on the weekend.Terrific Indian food - mostly North Indian with a few South Indian favorites.The tikka masala and tandoori chicken were terrific, as was the palak paneer.Great price, quiet atmosphere.I will be back!
We regularly order takeout from Karma Kafe, which delivers consistently good food... the chicken Madras, chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, plain naan, and veggie samosas, are our favorites. Recently we tried the chicken biryani, which was tasty but slightly over salted... and had a couple of bits of hard fragments (bone or shell?) so be careful when biting down... but I'd probably order it again and ask for less salt.We tried the chicken samosas which was much too salty and not very tasty. The potato filled vegetable samosa is far better. The Chana Kachumba salad (chickpeas, cucumbers, carrots) becomes too waterlogged - accumulating a lot of liquid, so I stopped getting it.If we're in the mood for Indian food in Hoboken, this is definitely the place for us.
We have a new winner for the best Indian food in Hoboken. India on the Hudson was our go to Indian restaurant, but with the recent closing, we tried this downtown relative and can't believe we hadn't gone sooner. The food was excellent, from the crunchy and spicy Papri Chaat to the burning chicken Madras and the succulent chicken Malabar, paired with a roasted garlic naan and washed down with some Taj Mahal beer. The beer was ok, the selection was small, but what is expected at an Indian restaurant and the wine list was extensive. We didn't try the cocktails but they seemed popular with our fellow patrons, especially the bachelorette party across the room. The main courses were incredible, very moist tender chicken actually served with rice and dal at no extra charge, and with ample sauce for dipping. The Madras was excellent, very spicy but not painfully so. The Malabar is my new favorite, moderately spicy but with a delicious coconut background. The staff was also very attentive and yet quiet and mostly out of the way.
I have been to this Cafe twice with my husband and enjoyed the sumptuous meals served here.I tried the dishes; Fish tandoori, Chicken Madrasi, Vegeterian platter and tilapia goan coconut based curry.Never got disappointmented with any of them.The food has a value for money.My favorite thing about this place is that all the dishes here are served with rice, green salad and lentil soup (with lemon dipped in it) on the side.Also,the wet tissue napkin after the meal comes in handy(my husband wishes for a finger bowl everytime we have a meal in an Indian restaurant :D).Finding a parking spot can be tough at times, although i have been lucky everytime I visited this place.Ambience is good enough and music volume is just right. More importantly the place is clean unlike many Indian restaurants. The people serving are also quite polite and not too pushy.Overall, a great place to be!
I really wanted to like this place. We do not have many Indian places in Hoboken so I was hoping for a good experience. I ordered in a Thursday night and they said 45 to an hour.. Ok no prob. Once an hour hits I get antsy. I call and they say another 5-7 min they are very busy. 15 min later I finally get the food and find out there's a delivery charge!! How does a place get away with charging for delivery so that I can get luke warm food and soggy naan? Not impressed.. Utterly disappointed. :/
Being a desi, there are certain times when you crave for that creamy paneer curry and rice. You will not settle for anything lesser. If you're that kind of foodie, your search ends at Karma Kafe. I have ordered from here on multiple occasions. The veg biryani is out of this world. Sautéed with many veggies in lesser quantities of oil, it is indeed soothing to the stomach. Anywhere else you would be eating curries floating in oil. This place is a welcome change. The paneer curries are so so yummy and the saag chana is so creamy! Will definitely drop by this restaurant soon!
I had the lunch buffet today and it was a great experience! All the dishes were very flavorful and tasty. The rice pudding was a perfect ending to the lunch and I left with a full stomach and mainly intact wallet. I would recommend going early in order to avoid the crowd as other reviewers may have mentioned.
Very happy that it was suggested to come here with Neal N, whom found raving reviews from other hoboken yelpers.  $10 buffet, can't go wrong.  Sure you can, but not at this place.  An excellent selection of colorful food to choose from.  It is great you can go up on your own leisure just in case you are in a rush.  Food was very good.  It was not overbearing like some Indian places.  The meats were cooked nicely and the surrounding sauces had pleasant flavor.  The potato balls were the highlight of my entire meal.  Servers were really friendly and nice.  Great valueGreat priceGood staffGood fast food
Hands down my favorite Indian restaurant in Hoboken.  I probably eat here once every other week!!Food: Great!  Favorites are Paneer Palak, Kofta Makhani, chicken tikka masala, and of course the Naan - although you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  They also do a lunch buffet during the week.Service: Always great! Super friendly and clean
Good not great. I like the buffet aspect. And it's not a bad option since it's difficult to find decent Indian food in Hoboken.
So happy that great Indian food exists in Hoboken! Karma Kafe is a cozy little place downtown - we live uptown but walk all the way here (I KNOW) for quiet mid-week dinners when we're craving Indian. It's not the cheapest, but you get a lot of food (plenty for leftover lunch the next day) and every dish we've tried has been high quality and delicious. Our favorites are the malai kofta (I could bathe in that cashew nut sauce) and the achari lamb (fall-off-the-bone tender meat and incredible flavor). We even took my parents here when they came to visit, and they offered us dessert (gulab jamun) on the house! My favorite interaction with this restaurant - the first time we ate here we wanted to try a whole-wheat alternative to naan, so asked the waiter for a suggestion. His response. "There is nothing equal to naan." Very true, sir. Very true.
I love your food and the staff is nice. But PLEASE, for the love of health and hygiene, PLEASE don't allow patrons to bring their dirty dishes back up to the buffet to refill! The serving spoons touch their used plates, it's so gross and it is a health hazard, especially during cold and flu season.
I loved the food once I was there for dine in, last week.....And ordered yesterday night around 7-8 items from menu for home delivery but I was really disappointed because none of the dishes were good and everything was below expectations....
Amazing buffet. Selection is on the lesser side but the quality definitely makes up for it !
Great food. Wonderful spices. Found a fingernail in my pakora dish though. Not my favorite.
I never realized how much I loved this place until, unfortunately, the building caught on fire and the restaurant was forced to close temporarily. It's been almost 6 months since I've had Karma Kafe and I find myself craving the chicken madras and tikka masala multiple times per week. I've tried ordering from other Indian restaurants in the city during the week for lunch and nothing tastes quite the same :( Karma Kafe- please come back soon!
Love love love the food!! They never disappoint, from dining in to delivery I can always count on a delicious meal. The buffet is well organized not tons of options but enough and everything is so good (I rather have all great selects then a few). So happy they opened back up great spot!
used to love it, it has had always a great menu, and service was always consistent. BUT After it was re-opened after fire, food is now bland, and portions got smaller.Something certainly changed!
This was our first time having food from here, we got it delivered. It came in under 30 minutes which was extremely surprising and I was very pleased just from that. We both ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, had samosas and an order of plain naan. The portions were a generous size, the samosas were HUGE compared to what we've gotten from other places. Great flavors in everything! I'm excited to dine in next time around. Wound up ordering two orders of samosas not realizing it came with two per order so we have extra but that just means we have some for tomorrow! Loved everything!!
I'm so glad that they finally opened up after a long break of more than 6 months. I missed their kadhi pakora and paneer makhni so needless to say that those were the first dishes that I ordered and was so happy to find that the quality hasn't been compromised. This place even offers lunch specials.
For the third year in a row, we've gone to Karma for Christmas Eve dinner. Throughout the year however, we go all the time. We're a big fan of their lunch buffet throughout the week. It's fair priced and the offerings are always tasty. My wife's favorite is the Chicken Tikka Masala and mine is always the Lamb Korma. The Garlic Naan is delicious and so is the Raita. It's a bit small in the restaurant itself but the food is well worth it.
I was always a fan of their food until my most recent experience. Ordered my favorite Kashmiri Chicken and when I was serving it I found a dead insect floating in the curry. I was very disappointed and called the restaurant and to my surprise the guy on the phone did not even apologize or seemed bothered by what I told. He asked if I wanted the order resent or a credit for it. That is unacceptable to me - if a restaurant is not as shocked as I am for such unsanitary food, I am never going back there again.To top it all haven't received any word on the credit also so will have to go through the hassle of working with seamless myself.They did lose a customer !
Really tasty food!! Paneer makhani was just amazing. Very rich flavor but not very spicy. Veggie Tikki was a bit oily but still very good. Strongly recommend this place. One of the best Indian restaurants in and around Jersey City.
I always get the same things when I go to Karma.  I love the vegetable jalfreezi, chana palak, and naan.  The samosas are awesome too but they are enormous so make sure you're hungry!
The food is really good but a little spicy. The service was fast, and a lot. I really recommend this place if you like spicy meals. Go for it guys!
The tomato soup was very average. The bombay shrimp and chicken drumsticks were drenched in oil and dint taste good.The lamb curry entree was good and biryani was mediocre.
This place was closed for 9 months and just re-opened as of 11/17/2016 due to a fire in the building. This place does not disappoint! Chicken tikka was delicious and if you love naan, then definitely order the bread basket of it which allows you to try 4 amazing flavors!
Definitely the best Indian food I have had in the journal square and Hoboken area. I am generally vary of places that are widely recognized. But this lives up to the hype. A $12 non vegetarian buffet is define the value for money. The $11 veg buffet is good. But if you are vegetarian you could try Vaibhav or Rasoi in journal square for more variety of dishes in the vegetarian fare. They add gratuity to their bills when presented @15%. So be careful that you don't over tip out of force of habit.
Amazing indian food!!! Walking in there is a very cozy vibe. This is not a crowded or huge restaurant. It is perfect for a date or a small get together. The food was amazing!!! Fresh, tasty, not too spicy, just elegant and beautiful. I had the chicken Kashmir. I cannot tell you how great this dish is!!! Just the right amount of spice, rich, creamy, and a slight crush with the added nuts. We also had this coconut creme dish I don't recall the name off. It was also a great pic!! I recommend the saucy dishes if you are a dip extraordinaire like myself. Especially with the garlic Naan; warm with just the right amount of toast and garlic (not overpowering at all). But now to the drinks, for $9 a drink it is exactly what you crave. If they had a happy hour I would be there at least once a week. We had the mango mojito and mango pina colada. When I tell you I felt like I was on a beach drinking the breeze it was that amazing. Definitely going back!!!! Cheers Karma Kafe you are definitely unique!!!
OMG!!!  They're back!!Nine months since the horrific fire.....karma kafe is back with the same great food and service as we have all grown used too!The space is exactly as one will remember.The new addition.....a beautiful brick wall!The staff is the same wonderful group of servers that had made this little Indian cafe that everyone in Hoboken loved.Heavenly wings.....breads...curries!Always a great dining experience.So....happy.....Karma kafe is back!If you haven't been there....go tomorrow!Best in town.Best wishes,Bill
Ordered food from this place.. The madras chicken was really good . It was spicy and tasted great with nana and rice. The coconut chicken curry was Ok. It was not that spicy and was just OK.The portions were good. Good place for a good price !
Let me tell why this place is AWESOME !They are open again which I'm so happy about!!I ordered from them and I'll list out why these guys do it right:- delivery estimate was 60 mins but got my food in:30 mins - you order an entree and they provide a side of daal : awesome - delivery guy was super nice - food is always on point and delicious - they will customize for vegetarians or anyone w dietary needs- lastly the food is absolutely delicious !! Guys - good work and keep it up!!!!!!!Feedback - not negative but just include napkins and utensils next time. But overall two thumps up!!
This review is about their Lunch Buffet only- 1 chicken entree, 3 vegetarian entrees, 1 chicken app, 1 veg app, salad and chutneys with 1 kheer dessert. $10 for such a small variety was hard to believe. The naan was cold and then they ran out and didn't refill for nearly 10 mins, by that time my food was cold to even eat it with naan. I came from Journal Square area because I heard great things about this and was disappointed with the food choices and the flavor, the Chicken Tikka Masala was actually kind of sweet and the paneer dish was bland and cold. I would maybe come try this place by ordering off the menu but someone would have to suggest the place to go. Best part of the meal was the Tandoori Chicken- soft and moist and flavorful. Naan was thick and cold. I would suggest adding more items and keeping food warm and maybe serve fresh naan (garlic and butter) to the table. Even a dollar extra would make sense then for that much but $10 for the food there was not worth it. I ended up going somewhere else and eating to fill myself to satisfaction.
Everything was delicious and great recommendations! The Bhulan Mootan (goat) is one of our favorites, especially when it's on the Weekend brunch menu.
Usually I would go to Edison NJ for Indian food but today my friends and I wanted to stay around Hoboken so decided to give this place a shot. The place is sized as a typical Hoboken small restaurant, however they accommodate large groups by grouping tables around and there's a few tables outdoors which make it very accommodating. I went for the Sunday Lunch Buffet, the selection is not as great as other places in NJ but probably the best around the Hoboken area. They offered a few dishes mainly I was interested in the Chicken Tandoori, Lamb and Chicken Curry. The Tandoori is spicy and cooked well, the chicken curry was good and the lamb was really good. I would definitely recommend the lamb an chicken tandoori. I did find it useful that the naan was out on the buffet and I did not have to ask for it like most places. This is definitely my new go to place for Indian food in Hobo.
I really enjoy the food at Karma Kafe and always order home delivery (which arrives on/before time, kudos). Some of my favorites include their chicken biriyani, malai kofta, samosa Chaat, aloo bhindi and tandoori fish. Yesterday, I ordered something new and the dish was not up to the mark for what I would expect from this place. I decided to ring the restaurant to provide feedback and to my surprise (& delight) the manager offered me to try any other dish to my like on the house and delivered to my home. Thanks Karma Kafe, you surely retained my loyalty with such customer service!
One of the best Indian food I have had in the United States. My husband and I were here for dinner and enjoyed the Paneer Makhani and Vegetable Jalfrezi. The Peshawari Naan was soft and very fresh. Friendly staff who recommended pairing of curries. Brownie points for excellent decor and great taste in food presentation.
They have a great vegetarian menu and even accommodate vegans. The servers are all very nice and helpful. The vegetarian dishes are so good. Honestly I think this is my favorite indian restaurant. I've been to several in NYC but no one can compare to Karma Kafe's veggie biryani. The best biryani no questions.
Came here for Father's Day 06/19/17 around 1pm.  To our surprise it was buffet style, which ended up to be great.  I assume this runs until 4pm.  A generous selection of all you can eat fresh, HOT and delicious foods to choose from for only $11.95.  I would suggest coming around 2pm or so to avoid the crowd, because at 1pm it was packed with a 20 min wait.  Another great experience at Karma Kafe.
Went there because the reviews. Nice service, and nice spread. However this was the blandest indian food I have ever had. We had a few bites and left. With that being said, it may be more suited to western pallets.
We had some guests from Mumbai recently. They were wanting familiar food so we took them to Karma Kafe and it did not disappoint. 10/10 rating from our guests. Hoboken is lucky to have this place!
Very tasty although not spicy enough for me! Nice choices in the buffet brunch, very reasonably priced. Service depends on who you get, from cranky to friendly. Will be back!
My last few visits for the weekday and weekend buffet have been disappointing. I thought the food on the buffet was a little lackluster and lacked any innovation or zing. The star of the meal which the Karma Kafe buffet was known for - chicken koftas is now missing completely from the buffet. Instead it's being substituted for Achari Chicken - meh. Rest of the dishes include Saag Paneer (good), Fish tikka masala (very good - like a butter chicken but made of fish!), aalo gobhi (meh), tandoori chicken (not impressed), tava vegetables (deep fried potato and okra as an app -okay) and medu vada (very good).The quality of the naan has improved tremendously, but some of the best dishes like the koftas, pav bhaji and chicken biryani are all absconding. Delivery is still good - see my detailed delivery review in the previous update. They do have great vegetarian options on their ala carte menu - like the aaloo chole (banging) and kadhi pakoda (excellent), so it would be great if they added some of those options to their buffet to give it a face-lift.
I have ordered food for delivery. It came within an hour. Impressive because it was a rainy day.I think they don't know how to make veggi samosa. It was tasteless. Malai kofta was very good and garlic naan too. They give you rice and daal with the order of any curry.  Hope that they will improve the receipe of veggie samosa.
I've been searching for great Indian Food ever since I moved here 3 years ago, and finally found it!!!!  This place is great.  The staff is super friendly and attentive.  The food was delicious.  We both had the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan- both amazing and a glass of wine. We will definitely be back!
Superb indian food. Ordered in a couple of times, ordered their biryani, chicken tikka masala and shrimp tikka - all nice. Their naan is delicious too. Good value for money (huge portions) and good service. Definitely one of my fav indian places around hoboken!
Just go here, stop thinking about it. It WILL NOT disappoint! Love this place, their staff are super friendly! Get the Samosa chaat and coconut Lassi  they also offer buffet service during lunch time!
The food is very good, and well priced. If you can make the lunch buffet during the week, it's an amazing deal. Things were not quite as spicy as my wife and I like, but once we got some chili sauce and salt, it was fantastic. We will be back!
I was very impressed with Karma! My roommates and I went- 2 familiar to Indian food and 1 very new. We ordered chicken dishes and were very impressed with the serving size and presentation. Each of us had enough food to take a full meal to lunch the next day. The serving staff was very nice and friendly, willing to make accommodations for us. Although we didn't drink, their specialty cocktails looked very good including a mango mojito. I think next time we go back we'll try some drinks as well.
On Fri evening we were roaming near Hoboken boardwalk.We were searching for Indian cuisine and then we came across karma kafe it truly stands for its name. The best dish for me was vegetable biryani. I love to go there again as the ambience and crowd was awesome and in day time they provide buffet too. Don't waste your time and try and you won't regret. Keep eating stay healthy.
I am not a big fan of Indian food but my boyfriend likes it a lot. I really like the samosas (tastes delicious) some of the best samosas I've ever tried. If I'm going to get anything it usually is the tikka masala which is pretty good. I don't like their basmati rice too much. It doesn't have any flavor to it. I do like their nan bread which pairs nicely with the masala. Overall this restaurant is better than the other Indian restaurants in town. If you like Indian food this is the place to go.
