First off, if you are looking for a quiet dinner, this is not your spot. It is very much a bar, but the food is quite good. We got the fish soup, yummy noodles, chicken curry, and fried rice with sausages.The fish soup was so fresh and delicious. It has a lot of ginger flavor and I would say it's a good amount for two people. Our party was three people and it just wasn't enough.The fried rice...wow that was super crispy. Amazed at how it's well cooked, crispy, and not burnt.Chicken curry and yummy noodles were both ok imo. Didn't stand out like the rest.Food and price is probably 5 stars, just a little too rowdy for me
Everyone says FiDi food options are lacking but this place really makes up for it. Food : AMAZING. It's so tasty, different, authentic and super reasonable prices. I usually order off mama's menu which is the waiter's actual mother cooking her specialty dishes in the kitchen. The fried rice (not your average fried rice), drunk fish soup, any pork belly dishes, stuff cod have all been fantastic. Haven't had a bad dish here at all. Definitely one of my favorite local spots in NYC. Part of me wants them to get super popular b/c they deserve it but part of me wants to keep this fantastic secret to myself.
Good spot to get drinks. The owners are down to earth and they know how to treat their patrons. The food menu includes some of their most popular dishes from their other restaurant that closed down.
Came here with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday. Don't be fooled by the run down decor (holes in doors, broken windows etc) because the food was AMAZING. We shared everything family style, which was ideal because we got to try a bit of everything on their extensive menu. I would highly recommend: crispy fried rice, yummy noodles, curry chicken, ginger chicken wings (oh so crispy!!), fried sea bass, fish congee, bokchoy and braised pork belly. This is a pretty popular place for the locals and I can see why. Great food. Decent priced (and stiff) drinks. I will definitely be coming back here the next chance I get!
Lobster was very well prepared. Fish tacos were also quite good.Real highlight is the effusive and friendly manner of the owners who know how to make you feel like you are longtime and loyal friends.
I walked past Fishmarket while trying to find it! Very unassuming spot.My visit was a few weeks ago on a Wednesday about 6pm. We were the first ones there but the place actually filled up soon after despite it being a rainy, dreary day.The menu consists of a ton of comfort foods that I love and was excited to try --Scallion pancakes -- these were so thin and crispy. I usually prefer my scallion pancakes to have more chew but these were still satisfying. Curried Chicken -- this was some of the best curry ever. I prefer my curry thicker and super spicy and this did not disappoint. The chicken was so tender and the potatoes atop were crispy!Fish Tacos -- this was our least favorite dish of the evening. The fish tacos were loaded with slaw and each contained 3 popcorn sized fish pieces in each. The fries were also soggy.Crispy fried Rice -- the favorite of the night! I've never had fried rice quite like this before. Each bite had crispy bits! If you're like me and like to scrape the bottoms of clay pot rice or bibimbaps, then totally order this!Prices were on point. Service was fine. They even offered us shots of Jameson before we left. I'd come back in a heartbeat to try more items and of course more curried chicken and fried rice!
Came here for dinner on my trip to NYC as I had cravings for lobster rolls. The first thing that I noticed was that this place was loud. The music added on top of people screaming over each other made it difficult to have conversation. My throat was a bit sore by the end of my dinner. I ordered the lobster roll, but it wasn't exactly what I had expected. It came with fries, which was nice, but the roll itself was a bit pathetic. The bun itself was really good and the lobster tasted fresh, but the issue was that there was barely any lobster in the bun! The amount of lobster that was provided, if you kind of scooped it all up on a spoon, was something that you could've eaten in a single mouthful. I was really bummed out by this and would be going elsewhere for my lobster rolls.
They still didn"t fix the bathroom door and here I am suffering again. Drunken fish soup, ginger wings, and the best damn scallion pancakes.
I wish I was young again, alas I dont think my liver can process alcohal like it used to. The scene is dive, as in hole in the bathroom door, cracks in the door glass dive. The crowd is diverse that ranges from wall street and tech yuppies to the hipsters with big beards, to cops from the local precent. Atmosphere is casual, rowdy, friendly, and reminds me of Cheers. The owner and bartenders and all super nice, the crowd seems to be all regulars, the drinks are strong and the chinese food from the Moms menu is great. Paired with Jameson shots that the owner and bar tender likes to pass around, keeps you from getting too blasted. A nice selection of beers are usually in stock, a game is always playing and someone is usually having a birthday party. I would recommend the fried rice, its crunchy and delicious. I've tried soups, the fish, the curry, the congee, the pork belly, while all pretty good, the fried rice is what I like. It also doesnt hurt that everyone is friendly and you can take a shot with Mom and the family.
Fun and very friendly bar vibe.Run and owned by a mom and son team.Food is filled with delicious flavors at a great price.The crispy fried rice , curry chicken and the bok chow was absolutely delicious.The staff make it a point to get to know you and welcome you back each time you visit.It seems to attract a neighborhood crowd.No frills type of place but comfortable and fun.
An apparently unassuming place with delicious food and a great heart. They do things well, here, and deserve full recognition. I just went today and brought a group of friends. The place was empty for lunch, which is good, because it can fill up very quickly. We were seated and served by Adam, a very warm and welcoming guy with a great smile and plenty of good suggestions. As starters we shared their ginger wings and the stuffed eggplant. The wings were perfectly crispy - and came with a delicious sauce - and the eggplant was divine. Omg. Then we shared their stuffed cod (tasty and very sizable), the fish tacos (as good as they get; luckily, not too overly rich...very fresh), the pork belly pot (mouthwatering...I couldn't get enough of the sauce) and their famous crispy fried rice with sausage (very crispy indeed, and flavorful). Everything we got was perfectly executed and very very good. Once Adam was gone, Jeff - another super friendly and welcoming guy - kept making sure we were happy. We were wowed by the outstanding service, always attentive and caring. Adam's and Jeff's mom is the star of the show, creating one fantastic dish after the other. Next time I have to meet her! $16 lobster special on Monday Tuesday and Wednesday, while fresh oysters on Saturday and Sunday. They often offer free Jameson shots to built a convivial and familiar atmosphere...priceless. Despite living on the other side of the city, I'm going back very soon with another group of friends. Very recommended.
Looks like a dump but super amazing and wonderfully priced food. $15 whole lobster. and the rest of the menu are malaysian food items or typical american food stuffs. it's a fun place to eat with your pals, and the (I'm guessing owners?) serve free jameson shots throughout your meal! looking forward to returning!
TL;DR: Unassuming Bar/Restaurant with Asian and American Dish. Solid food and service. Drunken fish soup FTW!Fishmarket Restaurant is not the typical American/seafood restaurant that you'd expect to see in a district like waterfront area.First off, it is a little hard to spot the entrance. The door knob was a little lower than average door knob placement - so there was a good minute where I kept searching for the entrance door by walking in front of the restaurant.. made me look like a stalker..lolSecondly, the place is hardly an upscale/modern space. It was very dim and dark even with the lightning, and you could notice that the decoration was pretty minimal. The tables and the bar are pretty standard type. The bathroom and the whole place also is screaming for update. But I guess the owner feels this is secondary to the food and service - which of course are the main reason why people would be coming backThirdly, the menu. It's a place that serves American / seafood and Asian (Malaysian?) comfort dish. They've got dishes like Fish pescatore, fish tacos, fish and chips, pasta dishes which are very Western influenced but they've also got things like Chicken curry, fish soup, fried rice which are Asian influenced. Based on the reviews it looks like the quality of the food is pretty solid across the board. Fortunately this also applies to the dishes I tried as well.  I got the drunken fish soup with extra rice noodles and the ginger crispy wings. The drunken fish soup is loaded with lots of ginger and warms you up inside. I guess that's why they called it drunken soup? It supposed to cure the drunkenness? But anyway, I couldn't stop slurping this dish. I demolished it in a blink of an eye (well..but not exactly that fast, but with an empty stomach and cold weather like today these certainly helped the case). This dish screams comfort BIG time but somehow I still felt like eating more food. Then, my evil hungry mind somehow kept wandering at the menu and was drawn toward the crispy ginger wings. My poor wallet disagreed of this turn of event, but it was too late since my evil desire reigned again. The wings was definitely really tasty and crispy; however I did not quite able to taste the ginger. I was also not a big fan of the sweet chili sauce as I am more of a sucker for Sriracha/ super hot hot sauce. Bonus point - the server is really attentive and gracious. He checked on me periodically and ensuring my water is always full. He also offered a free shot! but I did not want it while I was devouring the wings. The total of soup and wings with tip was $32 - a bit high of course if you compare with Chinatown, but considering the area I am dining (i.e. Seaport/manhattan which everything is somehow can becoming triple/quadruple uber more expensive), this is a reasonable price. I will look forward to coming back here again in the future; hopefully next time in a group setting so I allow my hungry desire to get on more dishes like the fried rice, the famous curry or even the American dishes! Or maybe I can get to meet the mama's owner whom I also heard a lovely person. Till then - keep up the great work and keep rocking!
Always a fan of Fishmarket. A bit unassuming, making it even better! The seafood is delicious. I went on a hot day, and my friend and I couldn't help ourselves and got soup (I got the drunken fish, he got a spicy shrimp soup). so.worth.it. The bartenders are also really great. Super friendly and tentative. Def a spot to check out!
We're visiting from California and came here after a sunset sightseeing cruise - so glad we did, what a fun time! The music selection was great, it had everyone singing. The food was tasty, we had the Shrimp fried rice, spicy shrimp and green beans, fried Mac and cheese and Bok Choy. Also the bartender Jeff was so attentive and gave us excellent service! We highly recommend this place!
good food....good atmosphere came here on a Thursday night not that crowded. The staff was very cool and mellow and the food was amazing. Please tried the fried rice it was amazing. Pork belly was good too. I would recommend.
If you're looking for some solid food, dive bar atmosphere and easy going vibe - this is your spot.  It's quirky and a bit out of place for the super commercialized South Street Seaport area - but I think that's a positive.Let's be clear - this is a dive bar that serves really yummy food.  I'd recommend for a casual night out with friends.We ordered the $15 lobster special - and it was really good.  It doesn't come with any sides, but the lobster is steamed and tasty.  We split the calamari - which I wouldn't recommend.  It was pretty standard for calamari, but the rings were a bit chewy and the outside wasn't super crisp and golden.Next time I want to try some of the more Asian dishes - my friend said the fish soup was fantastic the last time she was here.
I stumbled upon this place after visiting the Seaport district and looking for food. It was the to restaurant  with 5 stars. They deserve it indeed!The place looks like a dive from the exterior and I was scared to walk in. Once we did, the staff was very friendly and attentive even bringing us shots.We got the yummy noodles, delicious,... Mic of curry and the right spices. Wings are a must try. I'm coming back and getting the fish soup next!!Reasonably priced, good music (they were playing prince) and amazing food!
I had Fishmarket on my bookmarks for a while. One Monday night, when a friend and I were looking for a place near our offices to grab some dinner, this place came up on my radar again. We decided to walk over and check it out.The place is a bit divey. It's got this damp basement feel to it, and most of the tables/seats don't match. Even so, we decided to order the raw clams. I mean, the place is called fishmarket after all. They tasted fine, though a tad fishy, and most of them were hard to get out of a shell. Not a great sign and probably not a good idea to order raw food from a dive. But we didn't end up getting food poisoning or anything, so all good in the hood (or trunk...? haha...get it? Dad joke). For entrees, it seemed that the most popular items are the fish tacos and the crispy fried rice with shrimp. The fish tacos aren't the best I've ever had but they were pretty good. And at $12 for three tacos and fries, that's a great deal! As for the fried rice, I was iffy about ordering this because 1. How good could it be. Not better than authentic fried rice from a place in Chinatown, right? 2. I'm normally not a fan of self-proclaimed Asian fusion places because they're not really fusion. It usually just means that there are a few dishes from a bunch of different Asian cuisines that they make particularly well. I can't speak on the other Asian dishes on the menu but the fried rice was amazing. I liked it a lot more than I expected to. They added an extra ingredient in there that gave the dish a crispy element. Neither my friend nor I could figure out what it was but to me, it tasted like the bottom later of crispy rice you scrape off of claypot rice dishes. Plus, they gave a good amount of shrimp.There's no drink menu, which I did not like. I like to know how much I'm paying for a drink. Three drinks came out to $24 so it was pretty average. There is no happy hour despite what some Yelpers are saying (maybe they used to?) They don't have any draft beers, but they do have some bottles. So the menu issue would also resolve for me pestering the bartender a few times about the beers they have available. Speaking of the bartender, he seemed really nice and down to earth. He went around and took shots with all of the customers. He treated us like we were regulars, even though we had never even been there before. It's a nice feeling! Before we left, we already decided that we'd be back to Fishmarket.
Went with a couple of colleges for a late meal. Food was very good. Atmosphere was jovial and the bartender/waiter made us feel welcome. A little noisy but that is part of the feel of the place.
Came here for a friend's birthday and we had the time of our life. We had been hearing hype about Jeff and Mama all day, and they exceeded our expectations!The place is definitely a dive, in the best way possible- mismatched chairs, wobbly tables, a swinging light. But, it adds a really fun, almost rowdy at-home feel. We were a party of 20 that turned into 24, and everyone working there dealt with such a big, unruly party really well. The food was really good. Scallion pancakes, amazing wings, very tasty fried rice and some super spicy curry I snagged a few bites of from a friend. Good drinks - $20 domestic beer buckets (5 beers) or $23 (maybe $24) for craft beer. And shots. So, so, so many shots. I think we had 4-5 shots of Fireball or Jameson over the course of the night. Absolutely fantastic place to have a big, loud, happy birthday dinner with friends!
The Fishmarket Restaurant is well worth a trip to Southstreet Seaport.  There are so many reasons why this is a really special dive bar including the:- Seriously delicious homemade food.- Incredibly friendly bartender, Jeff.   Even though it was my first-time there, he made me feel like a regular.  - Excellent prices, especially considering the quality of the food and the stiff drinks!- Diverse beer selection (had beers from Anderson Valley and 21st Amendment).- Friendly clientele - no dbags here!I love the no frills atmosphere and had a great time.  This would definitely be my go to spot if I didn't live across the country!
Excellent Service!  Great Lobsters.  Monday-Wednesday special 1.5 lobsters for 15$, can't go wrong.  The atmosphere is very "fishmarket-like", rustic, lots of wood and brick located just across from the old fishmarket on south street.  A fun place to go with good friends.  I am looking forward to going back and trying some of the asian fusion dishes I saw..
This place looks like a dive. Don't let thy bother you. Food was good and the service was great. We'llCome back when we're in town.
This place is **not** closed.  They are open we are eating there now.  The food is delish!   The drunken soup with a shot of Jameson is highly recommended (just remember not to ask for cilantro if ur not a fan like me).   The pork belly meal was also a meal to definitely try.  Will definitely come back, highly recommended.
Everything was delicious at a great price and the costumer service was excellent . Had a great experience !!! If you want good food and not go somewhere where they are rude  come here !! They also have a full bar here !
Found this great hole in the wall spot for great eatin! We had the yummy noodles (with homemade soy sauce!), scallion pancake and fish tacos. All were delish and freshly made!! It felt like a real local spot- with super friendly waitstaff and awesome bartender! We'll definitely back back during our next trip to NYC!
Came here on a Wednesday with a group of friends on a recommendation and it did not disappoint. The staff was extremely friendly, the bar regulars were welcoming and the food was on point. They have a lobster special from Mon - Wed that you just can't beat! Drinks were well made and the jukebox has almost everything you could want to hear while kicking back. Will come back again.
Great relaxing feel. ..beer and whiskey..$1 oysters amazing seafood...football...no bloodymarys. Will be back!!!
Such a place full of surprise! Everything is amazing, but definitely try the sausage fried rice, and drunken fish soup!
Well, this was a confusing night.A large group of us were going to go to Keg 229 around the corner, but it was packed, so we looked elsewhere. Rounded the corner, came across Fishmarket. When we went in, I have to admit, I was a bit put off by how spartan it was. No beer on tap, just bottles being kept in a few coolers packed with ice. But then I noticed the full bar, and a woman sitting at the counter eating what looked to be really interesting food.Turns out, this place has amazing Asian food. On that woman's advice, I got the pork chop platter, and it was awesome. Perfect pork, nice steamed bok choy to cut the fat, and rice - for something like $10. My friends got the drunken fish soup, dumplings, and fried rice, and all were really great. The fried rice was actually fried to the point where it gets a little crispy - my favorite. In terms of drinks, they've got Stone IPA, Brooklyn, and a few other beers that are serviceable. But the Jameson - oof, they just pour that stuff like it's water. They treated us to two rounds of Jameson half shots, a most generous gesture. We spoke to the guys behind the counter, both of whom were really nice.All in all, we had a great night. I was amused by the tourists who had reserved a table (they do that?) here, and who seemed to really enjoy themselves. Pretty sure we'll be back, too.
OMG! The oyster is so good! I like it so much! A good place is always worth waiting! Can't wait to come back again!
Straight to the point. Great food. Casual and friendly atmosphere. The service staff is courteous.
One of the best fried rice dishes I've had, never would of thought it would be this good at a bar. Great food and the bartender is awesome. Hospitality was a 10 and I'm coming back for more.
Just got back from this restaurant, and I loved it! It's pretty small and you might walk by it if you don't know what it is, but believe me, don't! The owner is amazing. He walks around with a bottle of Jameson and the whole restaurant took multiple rounds of shots together (free!). The food was absolutely delicious. We had the fish sticks, which were super moist and juicy with the perfect amount of crunch. We also split the chicken curry (amazing) and the crispy fried rice (even more amazing). It was a great experience and we are super excited something like it exists in the financial district.
Amazing place. Very friendly bartender and staff.Great food especially mama's chicken curry and the margarita . I'll definitely visit again.
Fishmarket is a goose that lays golden eggs. Jeff is everyone's best friend. Here are a few suggestions/secrets--1) mama's crispy (boneless) chicken (off-menu special) - crispy, moist, flavorful yet not deep fried - appetizer or main dish with bok choy and rice - what's not to like?2) seabass special (off-menu special) - panfried, delicious seabass steak (a little tangy) with a side of rice3) drunken fish soup - enough said. this is a must-have whether you're sober or drunk (and most definitely when you're hungover)
One of the reviewers before me stated the following: "This is the worst restaurant I've ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ate." Last time I checked restaurants aren't edible or his auto correct mistook "best" for "worst". These are the only conceivable explanations. If you're idea of an awesome bar includes an unpretentious neighborhood vibe, generous bartenders, friendly regulars and great food then grab a seat on one of the wobbly stools here.As far as the bar goes, Jeff the owner takes pride in mixing up his weekly bottle selection so you're always trying the latest craft beers. He's also generous in buying shots of Jameson as others have mentioned. Pretty much make eye contact with him and that's reason enough to have a shot. Usually once the first shot is poured I'll text my friends that I'm dropping anchor and going fishing. Any texts from there on out have the disclaimer that I am not responsible for remembering anything the next morning. As a result over time I've managed to leave some things at the bar, my bag, my jacket, and my self respect. But without fail I have always been able to retrieve these things the following day. The food is ridiculous. I come here 2-3 nights on a slow week. Pork Belly meal with bok choy and rice with extra sauce is criminally good. Chinese sausage crispy fried rice with a side of sriracha is my favorite. If I had a dollar every time someone told me "Best fried rice ever!" I would have enough to buy the burger with provolone and mushrooms which validates your decision to not adopt a vegan lifestyle.
I came here for the food! Being of Malaysian Chinese descent I heard Fishmarket was cooking up authentic food. I brought my mum to try it out too. It was the real deal! The curry chicken is bursting with lemongrass flavor and made with the right consistency. The drunken fish soup hit my heart and stomach with it's warmth of ginger and wine. The fish was soft and tender - melt in the mouth. Rice noodles with curry gravy was sublime and the fried rice was unlike any other place I've tried. There was the lobster with ginger and shallots, prawn stuffed eggplant, prawn noodles - all excellent. The owner's mama (from Malaysia) cooks with depth and variety. She unapologetically cooks with authenticity. And I had the chance to chat with her and she is someone who loves the food she cooks. She would experiment with a dish for 2 months until it reached her perfection! Is this not a chef?If you are still reading, the owner Jeff is a personality! He has a booming laugh and when you go to the Fishmarket, you're on his turf, his home and he welcomes you like a friend! And yes, like all the previous reviews - he offers free shots!
The people working here are great.  They are friendly and helpful.  I gave it 3 starts because the music is SO loud you have to yell to talk with people. When I left my ears were ringing like I had been at a concert.  The food was ok,  a bit salty for my preference but ok.
My friends and I came here on a whim. We weren't so sure about the place when we got there but after all the food, we couldn't stop eating! Such great host by the owner and got free drinks. My favorite was the fish soup.  So delicious! We had a great time.
Found this place through Yelp during our first visit to New York. It was only a few blocks from our hotel. Cannot believe how great the Staff and food is. Well worth a trip if you love hole in the wall places which are not pretentious. And the free shots of Jameson with the Staff are not bad either!
This was a lovely surprise. It looks like a typical Irish dive bar, but it's so much more! The crispy fried rice with pork and curried chicken were phenomenal and the host/bartender/waiter Jeff was friendly and may be a known to suggest you take a shot or two with him. Will definitely be coming back.
This is the kind of place you only find in cities like New York.  Dive bar, loud twenty somethings laughing and yelling loudly, music booming over the speakers, and absolutely amazing Asian food.  It really is as good as everyone here says.
I can only wonder how much fun this place is on a Friday or Saturday night!My friends and I celebrated a birthday here, and while it was only a party of 4, we felt like everybody was celebrating with us. The bartender/owner, Jeff, is amazing. He talks to you and you'd better be ready to talk back! He kept giving everyone a round of Jameson. I think I actually did 5 shots - and this was only a Tuesday night!As for the food, my friends and I took advantage of the lobster deal ($15) and we also had the fish and chips ($12). The fries are on the greasy side, so just be wary of that. Unfortunately the lobster isn't very filling, so we also ordered the shrimp puffs (SO GOOD - $12) and the ginger chicken wings (all right - $12). For drinks: As much as I love cider, the only one they had was Magner's, so I just stuck with ginger ale and Jameson. A bit strong, but hey, I'm not complaining.All in all, this was a good dive bar. By the time it was about 10pm, the bar was pretty packed. So I'd definitely come back!Cailin's Recommendations:- shrimp puffs- try the asian fusion dishes for me! I will try those the next time I come back!!
After walking around the sea port area, my friends and I decided to do a quick search to see what was recommended.  We picked this place and were not disappointed.  The food is fantastic...ask for their recommendations, they did not steer us wrong!  Even better than the food was the service.  The 3 guys working that day treated us like we were old-time friends.  We truly felt like we have been customers for years (it was our first time).  Highly recommended
Amazing food for great prices and open surprisingly late for the lack of food options in Fidi! I don't see any reason to not come here. The place is a bit divey looking, but the service is great and the owner is really friendly.I've tried their fried fish sandwich and their lobster (special deal Mon - Wed, well worth it - I believe it's $13?) which were both amazing. Chicken curry was ok. Drunken fish soup that everyone raves about was also ok and maybe just something I'd eat if I was feeling under the weather. But overall, I don't think you can go wrong with what's on their menu
Bar food reimagined in an Asian way. This place is incredibly cozy and is every bit the neighborhood bar that Fidi needs. It's tucked away in South St Seaport, but shouldn't be any more than 15 min walk for most ppl who live in the fidi area. The bar is owned by a Malay Chinese whose mom works right in the kitchen as head chef. There's the usual American bar food on the main menu but if ask they'll provide you with a separate menu that includes many Chinese dishes reinvented to serve and satisfy anyone who wants to catch that night's game. There are two large TVs and the food is very fairly priced. Most of the dishes are quite delicious and I'd give this place a shot if you work in or live in this area. The crunchy rice is especially on point.
I had a rough week and I told my boyfriend he had to pick dinner, I didn't care where we went.  I had given him some suggestions of the type of food I'd be okay with.  When we got together after work he told me we were going here.  He described it as the place that always looks closed when we walk by.  Well when we walked in there were two people in there and one was the bartender.  We sat down and asked his opinion on the food.  I can tell you that I definitely ordered wrong when I was there.  I got the fried shrimp and fries (they were delicious), but my boyfriend got the crispy fried rice and holy moly I think I ate 1/3 of his dish.  He wasn't too happy about it.  We even contemplated ordering another plate of it was so good.  After a while of being there people started to trickle in.  We moved from the table up to the bar to be part of the action.  That was both a blessing and curse.  It was a lot of fun and we pretty much just talked to each other and John the bartender, the shots were flowing at the bar.  They just kept pouring them.  I'm not a big shot person, but we didn't want to be rude.  The atmosphere was low key and divey and it was just like I like it.  The people in there were friendly and welcoming and the juke box had a great selection of music.  We can't wait to go back, we might just not take as many shots.
I can finally see why everyone is raving about this place. The fish here is amazing and it is seriously the best that I have ever had before. The fish fry was amazing but the best thing I have tried from this place is the lobster roll. If you are planning on getting one thing from this menu then the lobster roll is it.
All I can say is that this place is freakin' amazing! I had the ginger wings, oysters and pork dumplings. All were homemade and delicious. For the entrée I had the drunken fish soup. Light but hearty and filled with ginger. Great, heart-warming food. To make our visit perfect, the owner was sooo kind, funny and made us feel like he's known us for years. Great place. Great experience.
After walking along the East River for a couple of hours, Mama's menu did not disappoint.  We were  first time customers and happy to hear that on Sunday's $1.00 each oysters are on the menu.  They were delicious!  The restaurant has a  friendly, neighborhood, urban shabby, family-run look which was what enticed us to go in.  The crispy rice, fish tacos, calamari, fish and chips, and white wine were all very tasty.  Mama came out of the kitchen to see how everyone was doing and she looked like a real mama.
This is the kind of hidden gem hole in the wall New Yorker's dream of. It is this little bar pleasant but nothing special. Except the service is amazing Jeff our sever was charming and funny. It was my friends b-day and he came over twice to do free shots with us. The food referred to as "mama's wings" and such is just that. The owner's mother cooks in the back. Its a mix of bar food, asian, and seafood. Try the FRIED MAC AND CHEESE BALLS only the word amazing describes them. The DRUNKEN FISH SOUP is very flavorful lots of different notes that just work really well together to make one of the best soups I ve ever had. They have $1 oyster happy hour on Sat and Sun. Its a little out of the way for most at the seaport but well worth the trip. I will be back regularly.
A hidden gem in Fidi! Honestly you can't find anything more amazing and more affordable than this place in the financial district. Me and my friends were looking for something yummy to eat late at night on Saturday and we were also craving oysters. Although it was 12 AM midnight, we doubt we could've found anything that fresh if we wanted seafood but we decided to give it a try anyways and we yelped search for the nearest location that had oysters and Fishmarket was on the list. So since this was only a few blocks away from my apartment we decided to check it out! Although we were a little hesitant at first when peeking into the bar/restaurant and seeing that only 2-3 people were there, we decided to go in anyway. We were totally blown away by how good the food was! They had a special for $1 Blue Point oysters all day Saturday! And on Sundays they have $1 oysters and .50 cent wings! We were amazed that we could find this type of deal that late at night! Not only that, but the oysters were so fresh and so good! We ordered about 16 of them!We also ordered the calamari and the combo sampler platter that came with bruchetta, chicken fingers, fried mac&cheese balls, and buffalo wings - All of which were finger lickin' good! The total came out to about $15.50/person (including tax & tip) and there were 4 of us - that is a pretty cheap meal knowing that we had 16 oysters, a sampler, and calamari!I definitely recommend people to come check this place out! Especially if you live around the neighborhood, we know how hard Hurricane Sandy affected the FiDi/Seaport area, so it's definitely great to come support all the restaurants/bars in the area that were greatly affected! I definitely will become a weekend regular to this place! :)
Literally one of the best spots in new york city. Jeff and Adam are the greatest bartenders in new york city- and not only is it a great local spot to enjoy a drink but the food is unreal- jeff's mom is in the back- we highly recommend the chili wings and mamas curry. This place is on the weekly rotation and the perfect place to come with friends, with its a family-like friendly atmosphere. Jeff and Adam, thanks for having friendly, welcoming dive bar in the least likely of places in the city- cant recommend more. I love this place.
Hands down the most unique experience in NYC. Best locals bar around with amazing food, an incredibly eclectic vibe and the best host out there in Jeff the owner. I Love coming down here and grabbing some food and you will never escape without doing some shots with Jeff! My favourite bar in NYC
Mom's fried tofu skins with dipping sauce are unreal.  It's an off-market treat that she will make if she likes you (she likes everyone).  She may also make sliced eggplant stuffed with a shrimp paste.  It's super hot (temperature, not spice level), so give it a minute.  Jeff, the owner/bartender is ok.  He gets a little too flushed from all the Jameson....
I love this place. Chicken fingers are great and the honey mustard is amaze balls. Jeff the owner is totally chilled and the people that follow are just as chill. Become a regular you won't regret it.
Wow. What a gem. FiDi is nice at night because it gets quiet but sometimes the food options are just...Anyways we walked in and the place is a little hard to explain. Its like divey and your initial thought is...I'm gonna be eating here? But you're greeted by some super friendly staff and the owner is very cool. The place got super packed really quickly so the food was taking longer than usual. The owner went around giving free shots to people. You tend to forget about your food when you're drinking. THE FOOD OMG THE FOOD. Its prepared by the owners mom. I felt like I was going to a friend's place for dinner. We had the fish fingers which were perfectly fried and fresh. Good portion size too! The real winner though is the chicken curry. Couldn't believe how much food it was for the price. Get the curry but don't hurry as the burn is slow. Affordable, friendly, delicious. What more can a man ask for! Will be back for sure. Also they have specials daily. Like 15 dollah lobstah or dollar clams!  Skip the other FiDi spots and head to this hidden gem.
the food is awesome! the people that run this place is just so down to earth. This place is the real nyk'er spot with good food and no pretentiousness.
When we walked in the door we were greeted by Jeff with a friendly "Hey!" as of we'd eaten there many times. We ordered the fish congee, salmon, cod sandwich and chips, shrimp dumplings, and stuffed cod. It was ALL so good, I do not joke when I say that there wasn't one bit left on any of our plates. Great family friendly atmosphere. The best food around!
AwesomeWhenever I'm in the seaport area I make a stop here for some oysta crispy rice and shots of jamieson Tip ask for Jeff and give him a hug! He will than give you a shot !
Absolutely fantastic. I wish I could give it 6 stars because the food is great but the service is even better. Bat place in NYC
My boyfriend and I were too lazy to do anything on Valentines Day, so we decided to finally check out a restaurant in our neighborhood after months of moving here. Fishmarket was kind of in a secluded place in the South Street Seaport and I remember the first thought that went through my mind when we walked in on Valentines Day - "...Really? Ugh. Minus points for the boyfriend." But WOW I had such a good time with spectacular food, I can't wait to come back again. The servers/bartenders were great and friendly. Checked up on us multiple times, and even gave me a rose (claiming my boyfriend planned it, ha)! We noticed how there was one motherly-looking woman cooking in the kitchen - reminded me of those small, family-owned restaurants back in Taiwan when I used to live there! Did I say how amazing the food was? I enjoyed the fact that there were Chinese influences in the food. Drunken soup was a lot like home (all that cilantro, ginger, and shredded carrots!) but would probably tone down on the ginger if I had the choice. The fried sea bass was UH ma ZING, but quickly got overwhelming with how much flavour there was (very sweet). Thankfully, we were given a side of rice. Oh and my God, the fish tacos were perfection. Would go back just for that. I'm sorry I don't remember the names of the two guys working there that night, but thank you for making my Valentines night so great :) my boyfriend and I really enjoyed everything. Great food and more importantly, incredibly friendly service, which I appreciate more than anything!
this restaurant IS OPEN I have been 2 times in the past 6 days @yelp you need to update your page
Let me tell you a story....My softball team was sponsored by the angel that heaven let run a dive bar, Jeff. Last weekend we lost in the championship game 7-5. Hearts broken, 12 men and women (and a few fans) traveled from the upper east side to come break the news to our beloved sponsor that we had come up short on delivering a promised trophy for behind the homely bar. Within seconds of walking into the bar, down-trodden, Jeff exclaimed "Next season I'll make it $1,000!" Second place was about to feel a heck of a lot better than first.From that point on there were non stop buckets of delicious, ice cold Amstel Light, and shots of fireball and Jameson every 15 minutes like clockwork. Free range to fill the Jukebox with Billy Joel, Garth Brooks, Mark Morrison and every thing needed to re-lift spirits. Right about the time when we were starting to feel the effects of the 4th or 5th shot, dear, sweet, little Mama delivered basket upon basket of home cooked heaven. Buffalo wings? Sure mama batters and deep fries them herself. Oh you're a vegetarian? How would you like some mozzarella sticks? Wait, whats that? We're out of mozzarella sticks? Well Mama has some provolone and a whole lotta time. Are deep fried provolone sticks a thing? Yes Please! Oh so you ordered a burger huh? Did you appreciate the onions inside the meat? Cause I sure did. Food was on point and had the special touch that only Mama could bring. Now that dinner had been served, and a magical white castle crave case was somehow pulled from behind the bar, the normal 15 minute shots were back in play. After the "Friends In Low Places" sing-a-long wrapped up it was time to celebrate our second place finish in style. 2 ice cold bottles of Andre's finest champagne were promptly opened and sprayed all over the bar as if we were the New York Yankees celebrating our 27th World Series Championship. (Disclaimer: they wear goggles because champagne stings the eyes, a lot!) We came into that bar that night losers, and we left champions. Enough nice things cannot be said about Jeff and his Mama. They absolutely treat you like family. I think when people think of a world without racism and people who don't see colors or ethnicities they must be talking about Jeff, he'll get anyone drunk no matter their race and he'll be right there with you shot for shot. God Bless Fish Market
Hidden Gem!Amazing food, service, staff, and overall experience! We have lived in the area for quite a while now and eaten at tons of spots (we're not exactly cooks!), but can safely say that this place is 'down home' cooking at its best, authentic, and a regular watering hole we'll be returning to weekly. The bartender/owner Jeff and his mommy are awesome - such great energy and warmth!  The barman John is a sweetheart - so attentive and helpful!!But now let's get to the food: nothing short of terrific - the spices, sauces, and combination of flavors off their unique Malaysian menu is a smash hit. I almost ordered the entire list of entrees but had to hold myself back.Great music/vibe too...no wonder they have attracted a phenomenal group of regulars there!We will be back...!!!!
Came here for late dinner on a weekend. Ordered calamari, fish tacoes, salmon plate and ginger wings. It's a nice bar by the river with a super friendly staff. The calamari needed some more salt for flavor and it was a bit too fried in that the breaded and fried part of the calamari came off so easily whenever you picked it up. The fish tacoes were really good and the salmon was alright as well. They ran out of the wings, but they didn't let us know until the food came out. Would have been more helpful to know in advance that they were out of the wings, so I could have had time to change my order. Although the staff was super nice and kept apologizing and the bartender/waiter also gave us a round of whiskey shots to make up for it. It was also one of the staff's birthday and they brought out a birthday cake for him and shared with all the diners. Yeah there were some mishaps with the food, but the chill and super friendly and catering staff helped bumped up the score for me.
This place is kind of a hole in the wall, The front door glass is cracked :/ I got the chicken fried rice, which is one of the most unique dishes I've had in awhile. I was so excited that I started texting my friends about this. Owner says they are starting a food truck. Can not wait. I'll be back to try other dishes, though I'm worried nothing will top the fried rice....
Was a bit skeptical about this place because it seemed like a hole in the wall. But it turned out to have an Amazing environment and even better food. Service was also top notch. I enjoyed the appetizers and my meal. Best mashed potatoes I have ever tasted.
Amazing food + Jeff + Mama = an excellent dinner. You cannot go wrong with this place. My buddies and I are regulars once a week.
One of the best dive bars I've ever been too. Good food and good service, never a dull moment at this bar!
Awesome hidden gem!!! Food is so good, try the drunken fish soup. Owner is so friendly and totally hands on. Mine and my guys favorite place
OMG. This place has the most delicious food, particularly the fried rice. Do not be turned off by the location or the back ally bar feel. The people are so nice, the atmosphere is 100 percent created by the people. A must try!!!!
Loved this place so much I'm writings the review while I'm still sitting here. The food is awesome we had the fish tacos (to die for) the burger, oysters, and calamari. Everything was super good. I wasn't crazy about the calamari but I'm also Italian and picky when it comes to that stuff. The fish tacos were beyond amazing. The best part was the service. The server was awesome. He even made us free shots! Had a great afternoon here. Two thumbs up!
Ok. Ok. Ok. So here we were, looking for a place to jump in to for a quick bite. At first, it looked closed. But then we found the door. Well once inside, the owner Jeff was as friendly as I read about and soon enough he and I were chatting as if we were separated at birth! Now combine that friendly atmosphere with some of the best drop dead seafood that his mom makes and you have yourself a winner! Jeff introduced me to other fellow vets and soon enough the shots were flowing (sorry wifey). I ended up having the pork belly with rice and book choy. And there was NO evidence left behind! The wife reluctantly shared ONE bite of her pescatore, and once again there was nothing left for the CSI to tie us in to the area. I threatened Jeff that we would take his mom with us (selfish bast*rd said no). Make no mistake. You won't be overwhelmed by the decor, but the atmosphere and friendliness makes this a hidden gem!! I'll be back, my Korean / Japanese /Kung fun fighting friend!
The food here is something special. I'd been wanting to come here for weeks after reading the great reviews this place had. I ordered the fried rice off of mama's menu, and it wasn't like any fried rice I've ever had before--in a good way. At first I was skeptical of the reviews that raved about the fried rice, but after trying the dish I understood. The rice was just the right texture, with a bit of crispiness in every bite. The seasoning was perfect as well, with the right level of saltiness. I also tried the sea bass here--it was absolutely incredible. The fish was fresh and cooked perfectly. The service was also prompt and friendly, and the overall atmosphere is just warm and inviting. I could definitely see myself coming here often.
They always offer free shots of Jameson whenever I'm here. I think that says enough. But yelp requires more words for a review so I'll go on. The staff is what makes it a fun place to keep coming back. They're always friendly and you can always make conversation with them. I feel like I'm a guest going over a friend's house whenever I visit
Found this place on yelp today while strolling around south street and I have to say it was a great experience.  The atmosphere was very relaxed and Jeff welcomed us immediately.  We ordered calamari and oysters, cheeseburger, and the fish tacos which were all great.  They had a great monday special $15 for a 1.5 lb lobster!  They have good and interesting variety on the menu at reasonable prices.  I was also happy they had the magic hat pumpkin ale in bottles.  I would highly recommend this place.  What made it such a great experience was the bartender Jeff!  He was so nice and the service at the place was awesome.  Definitely recommend stopping by here for drinks and dinner, the place is fairly large and can accommodate groups as well.
Jeff the owner is a great host. Also a pleasure to meet his mom who serves up incredible Fish Soup and Curry! So happy to find this fantastic place during family vacation to the big apple.
Don't let the front door scare you off - go in! It's old and funky but the food is great and the service - wow, just down home friendly. We are generally not risk takers but this was a great decision.
Overall wonderful experience. Saw the restaurant/bar on yelp and decided to check it out with my mom and brother, what a spectacular decision! Don't walk in expecting the Ritz, but if you want that "I'm a regular" feel, this. is. your. place. Stopped in to have some drinks and dinner and were greeted by an exceptional owner and waitress. By following the suggestions of our waitress we ordered the Drunk fish soup (amazing), garlic shrimp, fried rice with shrimp (ooooh I'm dreaming of it), and the pork belly dish. No complains heard. The service was impeccable. Rarely in New York will you get a waitress, let a lone an owner who really connects and wants to welcome you to their "home." Go and try this place, dressed in your jeans and t-shirt ready to take some shots and have a margarita (or a beer from their hefty list) and enjoy this dive bar with amazing food! You won't regret it! Thanks again, we'll be back!!
Buffalo Wings are phenomenal. Drunken Fish soup is to die for. The owner Jeff is the man... ask him for some Jamison!
Just walked into jeffs spot, sat down, put some Kanye on the juke box, and ate the home cooked mamas meal which was incredible ( fried rice - crispy flavorful and made with love... fried dumplings that were delicious, and crispy wings)..... then mama left the kitchen for a second and came out and took a shot with us. 0 f's given at this place besides good food, good company, good drinking, and good attitudes. If you want a high end pretentious eating experience stay far far away, if ur down to earth and need a good meal and wanna make some unlikely friends, then come here when you get a chance.
DO NOT COME HERE. Save your money and your time. I read the reviews here expecting a fantastic seafood restaurant and great, friendly service but experienced none of the above.This just seems like a place for downing beers and eating oysters. The restaurant is a dive bar... The washroom is disgusting (a gas station's is better) and the atmosphere is loud and rowdy.We came to eat dinner and ordered 2 Fish & Chips, 1 Fried Chicken sandwich, and 1 Grilled Salmon. The bill would be $60 plus tax and tip.The waitress was absolutely terrible. She never came to serve us our food (she let another server bring it to us while she took shots with a few male customers), she never asked us how our meals were, and she seemed less than enthusiastic when we asked if she could kindly give us a bottle of much-needed ketchup for the bland fish. She even spilled some oil on my brother's pants as she took away our empty plates and she didn't apologize or seem to notice.Our food was ridiculously overpriced ($15 for 1 measly piece of fried fish and a small side of fries). My grilled salmon came on one plate while the mashed potatoes (more like flavourless liquid potato soup) arrived on another plate. The fish was supposed to come with mixed vegetables so when we asked where they were, the waitress seemed a little surprised and disappointed as she reluctantly went behind the bar and grabbed a handful of mixed greens from a plastic bag then plopped it in a bowl and passed it to me. When I asked what varieties of potato were offered with my grilled salmon, she said she didn't know and had to go to the kitchen and ask. A waitress who works at the restaurant but doesn't know the menu? Great.Everyone else in my group had their meals arrive 10 minutes before mine and the bell in the kitchen rang a few times to indicate my meal was ready before the waitress finally acknowledged it (the noise level in the place had skyrocketed by then). The fish & chips was very small. The fish was 1 thin cod fillet split in half to make "two" fish fillets. When we told the owner, Jeff, that the fish was smaller than we expected, he said: "Well, it's one piece of fish. That's how we do it here." Then he walked away.This is definitely not a place for high-quality food and definitely not family-friendly.The only slightly redeeming quality of our experience was that the owner removed the cost of 1 Fish & Chips order from our bill after we complained though he didn't inform us about it.Needless to say, I do not recommend this place and I won't be relying on Yelp for "highly recommended" restaurants anymore.
It's so hard to find a neighborhood bar/restaurant that actually exhibits the traits of a neighborhood bar. This is one of the few in lower Manhattan. Food is great pub food, and Jeff is one of those older generation (though not that aged) bar owners that knows how to build a regular base. Rest of the staff is upbeat, charming and quite funny.Mama, Jeff's mother, is the chef and has some serious culinary skills. Also she is prone to big hugs and generous portions.All this wrapped in post Sandy recovered nook on South Street? Call it a pile of charm, dipped in delicious, all wrapped in a yes please.
This place is amazing! Nice local spot where it seems like everyone knows each other.  Dive bar like but really great food! Free shots of Jamison too as you eat!
My friends and I first went in because it seemed like a typical dive bar that we would like but it ended up being a surprising find in the financial district. The food was delicious. I have had the fried mac and cheese, crispy fried rice, and the pork belly sandwich at different times and they were all great.  What really makes this bar unique is the atmosphere.  Fishmarket is a bar where you actually have that thought, "this is my local bar" which is very rare in the city.  Jeff and the other bartenders are so welcoming and fun.  They make it so it seems you are just hanging out having drinks with some old friends.  Another bonus, was the round of Jameson Jeff had given to the whole bar to keep the fun going.  You will always leave with a good time and some great new friends.  Highly recommend!
What a lovely find in the financial district area. I was brought here by my roommate to find not only great food, cheap beer but also a wonderful host in Jeff. Come for the food, but definitely stay for the atmosphere and the people you meet a the wonderful fishmarket restaurant!
Ask the bar tender what he would eat!!! Best place I've ever been on a trip! The foods good and the bar tender will make u pee ur pants!
From the very first time I went to Fishmarket I felt like a regular because Jeff and John are such awesome and friendly bartenders.  This is not a tablecloth/fine dining type place; it is a dive with delicious food and cheap drinks.  There are always bunches of loyal regulars at the bar.  I love it so much that I had my birthday there a few weeks ago.  I always want to go there on weekends...because it's a guaranteed good time.  Thank you Jeff and John!!!  :D
The best shrimp crunchy fried rice I ever had in my life!!! The chicken curry was delicious as well! It was very tender and the flavor was unimaginatively amazing. The owner Jeff and his mother are so sweet. Jeff was really attentive to our needs right when we entered the place. I now understand why everyone is talking about this place, the food and the service is superb! Thank you Jeff and Jeff's mom for the great experience!!!!
Story time:Threw my 25th birthday party here. Somewhere in the first hour, Jeff (the owner) hands me a tray full of shots - half Jameson and half fireball. The rest was a blur of more shots, shockingly delicious food and laughs. I have since become a regular and often question why I bother going anywhere else.  It has absolutely everything.  A small divey place with a true community feeling and,I repeat, shockingly delicious food (go for the scallion pancakes and fried rice with Chinese sausage)Give fishmarket a shot - if you regret it, then there's something wrong with you.
The first time I have been to this restaurant I very happy with the establishment and the service! The food was amazing and delicious ! The second time I had went back wow things changed! I had brought a few of my girlfriends and brother to this place and the owner/bartender was sexually assaulting us and my brothers wife! My brother had to go as far to ask the owner to please reframe from making the girls feel uncomfortable and he was not professionals and started cursing at him! I will say that the owner kept reaching up my skirt and my friends skirt after we had asked him to and also making sexual gestures with his mouth towards us! I am applaud of the owners actions and will never go back to this place! I will suggest if you are a women to not go here!
In advance of my NYC trip, I saw the wonderful reviews as I'm a seafood lover and try to find locals restaurants when visiting a city.  Fishmarket did not disappoint, it actually exceeded in every way.First, the big thing is the vibe....I had been out about for most of the day doing tourist stuff and even changing hotels (was in NYC for vaca and then work).  When I popped through the door, I was thrilled because it wasn't ultra crowded (Monday night) the way  the tourist joints are.  Steady customers but not the suffocating kinda crowd...an oasis for me.  And of course, the second entered, Colby the bartender was cheerfully greeting me as if I was a guest in his home.Onto the food....OMG after a long day out and about.  Of course, I took advantage of the $15 lobster special (bigger than advertised!), plus tried out the amazing Ginger Wings (marinated all day and then deep fried), Yummy Noodles (clams, curry potatoes), and a standard Caesars salad (enough to feed 4 people - Colby did offer the smaller size and I was stubborn).  All ridiculously great!  In particular the Ginger Wings and Yummy Noodles were pure homecooking by the owner John's mother (they're of Malaysian background), so totally unique in a wonderful way.As far as the service, again the vibe was that you were in someone's private residence as their guest -- vs. a customer in a restaurant-bar.  A wonderful thing anytime but so much more so when away from home in such a frenzied city (at times).  Colby was thoroughly the great host, and he and owner John were interacting with guests throughout in a congenial way.  Really a pleasure to be their customer during a magnificent dinner.Thank you, Colby and John (and your mom, John).  Hope to be back a few times when I next visit NYC.  Kudos!
i wasn't expecting this place to be so good!!!  i will just carry on i suppose!!!
Hands down, you need to eat here. Seafood and Asian (looks like Malaysian from the other reviews) food casually but deliciously mixed into one, great drinks and great people (family-owned for that matter). We started out with the ginger wings then got the fish tacos and pork belly sandwich. Ginger wings had the perfect amount of crisp and was served with a sweet sauce. Super yum. Entrees just as good - nice twists on classics. Drinks were well mixed. The two guys we interacted with were brothers and made sure they did everything they could do to make your experience there a great one (not to mention the free Jameson shots at the end)! Super bummed I don't live nearby or this would be a weekly stop!
Got the crispy fried rice with sausage, to go. The food was just decent, but I liked the small, informal bar feel of the place and thought it'd be fun to get a late night bite and drink there with friends. The bartender / waitress was serving everyone on her own, so tip well!
My boyfriend and I popped in here looking for some oysters last weekend. To our luck, they happened to be serving dollar oysters, so we ordered two dozen and two beers. The place was fairly small- regular bar style with some tables in the back. Nothing super fancy. It was pretty empty (it was about 7PM on a Sat night) and the waitress served us immediately. The reason why I give this place only 3 stars was because the oysters we got were very mediocre. I LOVE oysters and have had a lot in the city and these were very very bland. They didn't really taste like anything and weren't cleaned out well. Every other oyster I got shell pieces in my mouth. To make up for the blandness, I had to use a lot of horse raddish. Even then, they were very meh.
Warning: Eating here will cause sheer enjoyment (and maybe a little buzz)! Owner will make you feel at home with good conversation and better jameson shots! Food is spectacular, fusion at its best. Ginger chicken wings were phenomenal and the oysters were bigger than i've ever seen!
My watering hole. Who could not love Jeff and Mama? I think that's all that needs to be said.
If you're looking for a place to have a cool date night..keep looking! Although the owner/host was extremely friendly, I was there for 10 minutes with my date just standing there. After about an hour of waiting (we were told 30-45 minutes) we were finally seated. We got a table right next to the bathroom and both me and my date kind of felt out of place because we were like the only sober people in there. The noise level is so high, your date or friend or whatever won't be able to hear you if you don't yell. If you're coming for a drink maybe this is your go to place. There are a whole bunch of drunk people screaming as soon as you walk in which was pretty annoying. My boyfriend got the bbq wings with a side of fries and I got a lobster roll and crispy shrimp fried rice. I was skeptical of eating from this place because of the appearance, it looks pretty dingy in here I'm not gonna lie. Oh, I almost forgot there was a guy mopping the floor while people were eating. The tables were not clean when we were seated and my chair was wet. My boyfriend said that the wings were amazing and possibly the best he's ever had. My food on the other hand wasn't so good. I regretted ordering what I got and wished I had gone with the regular Cesar  salad because it was disgusting. The rice was sooooo salty, I kept having to take sips of my flat ginger ale. The lobster roll wasn't fresh I could tell, it just didn't taste right. Ugh I just wish we went somewhere else. Maybe they have so many good reviews on the food because these people are drunk as they're eating it...?...
Came into NY for a quick getaway. Was looking for a light bite. Found this place on Yelp and was not  disappointed. The drunken fish soup was the best soup I have ever eaten!! Followed up by a $15. 1.5 lb. lobster. And Jeff was terrific. Met Mama as well; lovely lady. We will be back.
Fabulous food and hospitality and this place is now on my list of favorites.We had amazing oysters, two fresh lobsters, the fish soup, fried rice, stuffed eggplant, Bok Choy and fried mac n cheese. And drinks of course. I didn't try the mnc, but everything else was delicious. It's not a fussy place and we mostly just used our fingers, even though our plates and napkins were refreshed frequently.Our waiter was very good and we loved all his recommendations, and the owner brought us several Jameson shots on the house and kept checking we were ok. Definitely a place to keep coming back to.
Great time! Awesome environment, Fresh Oysters! Come here before your cruise over the Hudson! Nice meeting Walter and Princess, awesome people! Thank you
Took advantage of the crazy M-W $15 lobster deal - it was large and tasted excellent.  The service was perfect, Jeff. the owner/bartender, has mastered the art of creating a welcoming friendly-atmosphere and made me feel right at home.  Solid beer recommendations which were very cold.  Fantastic, affordable and welcoming unlike most other establishments in the immediate area.  I'll be back next time I'm in town!
I went with my family and a bunch of friends for the first time two weeks ago.  This place is pretty cool and we loved the vibe.  The food and service were very good.  The drunken fish soup is a must and also the crunchy fried rice was amazing.  Definitely a good place to hang out with family and friends!
I live in the neighborhood and was happy to find this casual local joint.  It's great that it has both American menu and Asian (Chinese-Malaysian) menu. Chicken curry, yummy noodles, lobster roll, fresh whole lobster...all good
try the drunken fish soup. nice and cozy busy at lunch time
Anything I write here would be a shallow and less satisfying interpretation of what my good friend Johnny C. wrote so eloquently a couple posts below. Please defer to the 5 star rating and Johnny C's review.
Food rating:  3 starsRaw Oyster rating:  3.5 starsI came here with a group of 30+ people for my bf's paddling team.  The arrangement was to have our meals pre-fix, so between my bf and I, we got the ribs and shrimp pasta marinara.Keeping in mind that it was a group of 30+ people, the ribs were as good as they can be.  The shrimp pasta marinara was pretty good, although the pasta was a bit too cooked.  I like the pasta al dente.  We then also ordered raw oysters on the side and thought it was really fresh.  YUM!I wouldn't mind coming back here again to try the food again - without such a large party.  It's always tough to cook for so many people at once.  I would say that the mixed drinks are decently priced - $8.  Stoli on the rocks with a splash of cranberry for me.  Woot!The owners of the bar were present and were very enthusiastic.  They came around to make sure that we were taken care of.  It was very pleasant.
Solid local dive bar, getting back on it's feet since sandy. Darts are great, good tv coverage, cool bartenders. Would definitely return.
Want a chill bar that's like Cheers (literally everybody will know your name) where the drinks are strong and the food is Ahhhh-Mazing?? Then get yourself to Fishmarket. Like NOW.
Outstanding service and you can't go wrong with $1 oysters. The staff is friendly and attentive. Great environment for family and friends - you can't go wrong with a trip to fish market!
I have been here a few times as well as the staff is consistently friendly and welcoming. The owners have even greeted me at the door a couple times. I love love love the fried Mac and cheese... Itis a must have! The tuna steak sandwich is, in addition, highly recommended. Overall this area is very good for a fast bite to eat or to only catch beverages. Try the cider.
What an unassuming gem! Not much to look at, and I can see why some would be turned off by the owner, but dig a little deeper and order off menu.  Mama's Malaysian (?) food is terribly addicting and Jeff the owner has a heart of gold.  It's not glittering.  Instead it is welcoming, warm and just what you need for a city that is no longer accessible to the middle class.  What a nice change of pace.
Love this place! Awesome atmosphere, but most important, AMAZING and unique food. Owner of the restaurant along with John the bartender were super friendly and relaxed.
I ate/drank at the Fishmarket 2 out of the 3 nights that I stayed in NY during late October.  The food and atmosphere made this place really special.  The Manhattan seafood chowder and Drunken fish soup were ono!  The oysters were $1 each (during weekends?) and was a deal.  Jeff was a great host and hooked me up with some tasty local brewed beers.  His mom is a great cook and goes out to the tables to check on the customers.  All of the food appeared good, but I didn't want to eat food and drink beers that I could get in Hawaii.The atmosphere was fun.  You could tell who the regulars were, but all customers were having fun.  Jeff would mingle with every table and pass out free shots!Mahalo Jeff and Mom!
Wow! We ran into one of the owners of this place at another bar about a month ago. We finally got around to stopping in last night and are kicking ourselves for not doing so sooner.Post-Sandy, the seaport is still practically a ghost town, but places like this that are persevering offer hope that it will be vibrant once again. Possibly because of the storm, this place has few frills - no taps, limited beer selection, bare walls - but it has so much character. Our bartender, Rob, was fantastic from the start. He kept our refills coming and gave us some good recommendations on food. He engaged us in nice conversation and was an all around great guy.We had a selection of appetizers. You wouldn't expect much from the food when you walk into this bar, but it's actually quite good. I imagine the entrees are even better. We had shrimp dumplings, which were perfectly pan fried and tasted amazing. We also had chicken tenders and they were perfect - fresh chicken breaded in house. I wasn't a huge fan of the fried mac n cheese, which was mac n cheese deep fried in breading (cheese balls), but it was an interesting concept and Tara claims they were pretty damn good when dipped in ranch dressing.When we walked in, there were no other customers and the place never got busy, but a steady stream of regulars and randoms popped in and out, as did many members of the family who owns it. The regulars were all very friendly to us newbies and made the experience even better. After awhile, we were reintroduced to Jeff, one of the owners, who we had met in a drunken blur last month. He was incredibly friendly, and not just to us, but to every patron who came into the bar. His mom also stopped by and she was one of the cutest sites I've ever seen in a dive bar. It's really amazing to have the owners there being friendly with customers and keeping people's spirits up.Free shots of Jameson flowed repeatedly throughout the night and we found ourselves not wanting to leave. What was going to be a quick bite to eat and a beer or two, turned into 3 hours of wonderful times/vague memories. We can't wait to go back and will definitely be making Fishmarket one of our regular spots.
In a different time in my life, I might have rated this place higher.  I was looking for a place to eat near South Street Seaport that is good for kids.  I found this place, had some good reviews, and the yelp marked good for kids.  We went in (it was early Fri night), and the place looked like a bar with some tables in the back.  The tables were all empty when we walked in.  We sat ourselves down (no host in sight), but the bartender/waiter did come over pretty soon to bring us menus and the high chair.I had the fish tacos, which I believe was one of their specials, and it was so-so.  My husband had the scod, with mash potato.  It was also not bad, but not great.  Soon, a group of twenty-somethings came in and by the end of our meal, the place was full of people standing aroudn the tables, walking around my kid in his high chair.  So we took off from there.All in all, the food wasn't memorable, the place wasn't great, the staff was nice but service was slow.  Not really impressed.
Smells bad, and while the owner is awesome, the food isn't "american" as I thought it wold be.
Best service, best food, best time anywhere south of chambers street.  A must visit for anyone around the Seaport.  Incredible!  If you don't come you are missing out!
I wouldn't recommend this place at all. Really bad service and dirty inside.  Towards the end of the evening plates were left on tables and the kitchen was a mess!
Hidden secret near South Street Seaport - true local joint feeling with delicious food items - everything we tried was amazing - must try - you won't be disappointed- we will surely be back
Went because of Yelp. Very nice dive with excellent food and friendly service . Yes to the salmon with mashed potatoes and bok choy! Yes to the ginger soup! Yes to the owner who clearly welcomes all:)
The fish tacos are fantastic. Great atmosphere and the dollar oyster specials are also a must have.
This is just pub food so if you're looking for fine dining this is not the place but the food was fine and the place a throwback, informal and especially a fun place to frequent for many reason not the least of which is the owner.  Maybe unlike Cheers they didn't know our names but they made us feel as if they did.
Echoing everyone else who loves this place - it deserves more than 5 stars. Just got back from another excellent meal with amazing service and wish this place would expand! Luckily I work in the neighborhood, but I want them to also be in a more centrally located place on the island so I can bring everyone over. One of us always orders mama's curry - you seriously can't go wrong with that and I'm partial to the crispy friend rice as well. This is a super chill place with staff who want you to have a good time and take care of you. I love this place and hope it sticks around so I can get some Asian comfort food when I need it without trekking to Chinatown. Come out and support this place - you'll be rewarded for it with great food and amazing hospitality.
This place is amazing! The food is awesome  and the atmosphere  is great! The bartender/owner Jeff is running the place with his mom  cooking get home cooked Asian inspired dishes. The homemade fried rice is delicious  and all together the atmosphere  is amazing. It almost feels like family and even if they don't know you or your not a regular  they still make you feel that way. I would recommend  coming here to anybody it's so much fun, good food, and a lot of laughs and just overall very personable. Can't wait to introduce all my friends to this lovely family establishment.
Such a great find! I was skeptical of this nondescript bar, but free and flowing Jameson shots and a delicious, not-so-secret menu provided by the Malaysian/Chinese mama in the back (not to mention a generous, friendly bartender) make this place my new favorite FiDi stop. Don't miss fish soup, sausage fried rice, or fried chicken!
I went to this restaurant last weekend and I must say that the food is really awesome and we had crispy fried rice, curry chicken and the taste is very good.
Came here the other day with a group of friends. Although not a huge selection, they have good beer on tap. The staff was super-friendly, especially Jeff (owner). He introduced me to Matt and John (bartenders) and they took care of my friends and I. Jeff hooked up rounds of Jameson on the house (my favorite). Buybacks are always a cool gesture. To the females in my group, this was just another bar... Until they tried the food. I ordered the fish tacos with special sauce, and it was off the hook! My g/f wasnt too hungry so she ordered chicken fingers. When they came out, these were chicken fingers on steroids. The dish came with 4-5peices and they were huge! My g/f ended up packing half of it for lunch.I also stole some fish & chips and clams from nearby patrons (friends). I'm not typically a big fan of fish & chips, but when I had it here, man! you can tell the fish is fresh and done crisp. The clams were cooked nicely, but the red sauce was mm... mmm... good. My friend Lui polished off the clam sauce as if it were soup. Another friend ordered a tray of brownies straight from Jeff for our group. Those were just plain old Awesome! Nice chocolate flavor, fudgey, moist, warm, etc...If there were two words to describe the food at the fish market, it would be; Done right.
Stumbled into this dive bar/restuarant on the 4th of July. I live a couple blocks up by Fulton Street by the South Sea seaport so this place is literally in my backyard. I only wish I had been here before! The area wasn't as busy as it probably was that night because it was only 3pm in the afternoon. A friend that I was with mentioned he had been to this place for happy hour and recommended going back to eat. As we walked up to the door, it appeared to be closed. We looked into the door and saw an older Chinese lady peek from her kitchen door. She notices us and starts walking to the entrance door. She took a good look at us as we were motioning off that we were hungry before she let us in a little earlier than opening. She was very sweet and had a charm about her. Her son, Jeff is the owner of the bar and he's as cool as it can get. He makes you feel like you're a regular and makes you feel at home honestly. Also, don't be surprised if he pours you a shot or two...just because. He's super friendly and he knows how to work his patrons and make them into regulars. There is definitely some asian influence with their menu. Jeff's mother, the lady who opened the door for us, does most of the cooking. She reminds you of your grandmother, who you know put her heart and soul into fixing something up for you. She will come out and ask you how her food is and to see what else you ordered. We ordered the ginger wings to start. Very flavorful crispy wings with ginger sauce dip. If you like wings, definitely try these. My favorite was their crispy fried rice with chicken and shrimp. It sounds good but it tastes even better. With every bite, you're convincing yourself that crispy is a flavor and not a texture. All in all, I probably exaggerated how good the food was but only because I thoroughly enjoyed the time I spent there. You can rarely walk into an NYC bar and feel at home so easily and laugh with strangers. As we were finishing up our meal, Jeff's mother hinted that we should try the curry chicken. It's her most famous dish she says. Well guess what I'll be having next time!Food: B+  Portions: B+Service: A+Ambience: APrice: A
Pretty much everything you love about a good dive bar - and that is said with all respect.  I've been in a few times now and it has been consistent.  I avoided going in the first few times my fiance and I passed opting for other nearby places that had more "curb appeal."  Mad at ourselves for judging it like we did.  Start with the staff, they love their place and it shows.   Jeff is a bit of a throwback, generous with his shots and a funny guy who keeps a lively vibe going.The food - mamas food is awesome.  Not at all what you expect when you walk by this place.   To reiterate from another yelper here, when you have a combo of Asian and American seafood you typically do one really well and one not so good or you fall flat on both.   Everything on both sides of the menu is fantastic and it's a bit like having a homemade meal in a way - particularly when you look back and see her prepping everything.  Fish and chips were solid, as was the Italian seafood stew and the Asian green beans/chicken.  So much more on the menu that I've heard great reviews on but haven't had yet.The downside (if you call it that) is that it's a bit rickety, can be empty one night and packed the next with no rhyme or reason and whatever microbrews they have in bottles rotates based on what they seem to have purchased that week.   To me though this all adds to the charm.   This is one of those "trust me I know what I'm doing" places when you take people there for the first time and they look at you funny before you walk in.
Just ate at the Fishmarket and loved it.  Great food, great atmosphere.  I had the fish tacos and thoroughly enjoyed them.
AMAZING AMAZING Oysters. Large and sweet. Best I have had. Even better than the La Lime's in Berkeley where they are served with Champagne Mignonette. Was hoping for the po boy but not on menu. Oysters are $1 each (yes really) on Sat and one other day of the week, and a 2 lb lobsters are only $14.95 two days out of the week. Special dishes made by the owner (Brian's) mother, known as Mama. I made a special trip here during a business trip from San Francisco. It was worth it.  For those that drink, they also have specials e.g. ice bucket of 5 imported beers for $15. Service is great. I had one of Brian's friends, a Shakespearean actor, serve me. He is chipping in. Final reason to go. The restaurant was hit badly with Hurricane Sandy -- 7 feet of water throughout. This place was the first to reopen but the area is still very quiet and the owner is still getting things back in order. Help support this restaurant and come away very satisfied. The place was somewhat loud for my taste but I'd definitely go back for the food and the people. (Open until 4am)
The Curry Chicken was AMAZING, the Chicken and Penne was WONDERFUL, the Teriyaki chicken wings appetizer was YUMMY.  The service was GREAT.Walking in you are just not too sure about the place but once in the back to eat if was lovely and simple.  I was disappointed with the Fish Tacos, which others raved about but the picture of what others had and what I had was not the same.  The soft flour tortilla was cold and the fish was breaded and deep fried.  Too many onions for me but good flavor overall.I would recommend as a casual, local place to have a good meal, very relaxed.
This bar suffers from:A. Not being on Front streetB. Not being snooty enough for the neighborhood.Really this is a solid bar/restaurant with good service. I've been here a number of times & the seafood is fresh and tasty. The service is attentive. The only thing missing is the throngs of loud locusts that hang out at the more expensive places around the corner. If you want to show off your new clothes while waiting an hour for your food and fighting to get a drink, then this isn't the place for you.In other words this is a 99% bar in a 1% hood.
Excellent service, food, people. Come out in support! They are making a go of it despite continuing construction!
The perfect local . Friendly and interesting locals. Owner and staff attentive and fun. It is a dive  bar. Food is tasty and basic. Eclectic menu, go for the Chinese offerings. A fun place.  Definitely be back, Crispy fried rice, fish soup and wings
The food was great! The oysters were so fresh and so was the sea food platter! But what even makes this place better is the owner Jeff! He is so nice and welcoming that it makes me give this place a 5 and a must!!!!
There was a hole in my life that needed to be filled with terrific people and terrific food. Fish Market has filled this hole. Love Jeff, John and Mama and the whole staff. I'll be coming here for years!
Amazing food but DON'T JUST ORDER OFF THE MENU! Rookie mistake!!! This place is next to a tourist area and the menu is for tourists who want a quick meal. If you want some of the BEST FOOD you have ever been served talk to the staff or Jeff the owner (he is always there and is the most attentive and involved owner I have ever seen.) They will talk with you about what you like, what is fresh, and some secret off menu items that are old family recipes. If you do this you will enjoy an amazing meal. Jeff and his mom cook there together everyday and from the moment you walk in you feel like a welcome friend at the family dinner table. Locals frequent (as in everyday there is a large local crowd) this place for a reason. If you are from out of town talk to the other patrons and by the end of the night you will have a new group of best friends. Fish Market is a MUST.
Best kind of bar. Unpretentious, cheap, friendly.Come with a group and make friends with Jeff, and you will leave happy. Better than the bro-magnet bars that make up most of South Street Seaport.
My boyfriend and I decided to come to the city on a beautiful day and experience the New Amsterdam market.  As we walked around the market and tried all the yummy samples, our stomachs started rumbling for actual food.  So, we decided to go into Fishmarket and eat lunch.  We walked in and there was a room full of people having a bday party.  No problem-we decided to sit at the bar (the Yankee game was on anyway), so what better seat was there?!  We started out with clams on the half shell-they were definitely fresh, but the clams were small. We both agreed on the Fish and Chips.  I have to say that it was just "okay."  We've definitely had better.  Not sure if I'll be back, but if I do, I'll be trying something different.
FINALLY A PLACE IN THE SOUTH STREET SEAPORT THAT SERVES , (READY FOR THIS) GREAT SEAFOOD!So, this has been my goto spot for an amazing fish sandwich, and seafood pescatore. I fell upon this gem through a friend of mine. One night after many hours drinking, I followed my friend to Fishmarket for a fish sandwich. I was highly doubtful of it being as good as she said because having grown up in the area and knowing how the food in the area was catered towards tourists i was very cautious. She said, trust me and i figured can't be too bad, its a fish sandwich. Little did i know how wrong i was and how right she was. FISH SANDWICHserved on a warmed ciabata bread, with a healthy dab of this heavenly lemon wine cream sauce, (to call it a tartar sauce would be a crime). I've tried to strong arm the recipe out of the owner (Jeff), but to no avail. He says go figure it out. or beat me in beerpong! (YES THEY HAVE BEERPONG TOO!) Now onto the fish itself. The cod is coated with just the right amount of breading and it is fried to perfection. Fresh lettuce and tomatoes round it up to what i call KING of FISH SANDWICHES! If you're looking for Filet of crap, keep looking for the golden arches, for here at fish market, only the king presides. Now, everyone must think oh, he must've been drunk and has no idea what he's talking about. I agree with you on that i was drunk that night. So the following week, i went their during the daytime for lunch, expecting a crap sandwich because i probably had the drunk munchies and everything tastes great when you've been drinking scotch by the barrel, but to my surprise and my friend that i dragged there, it still tasted heavenly just like the week before, but better because i could fully relish the sandwich even better. So far, i've converted quite a few non believers who in turn have converted even more non believers on this king of fish sandwiches, and needless to say, JEFF! WHERE THE F* IS MY FREE SANDWICH!!!SEAFOOD PESCATOREI'm not even going to get started on this. If i raved about the FISH SANDWICH, can you imagine just how DAMN good the pescatore is?! it's only a bucket of where all seafood willingly die to end up in heaven. the bucket of seafood heaven. ask for extra toasted bread to dip in to the broth. and a spoon, because you're going to want to drink it all up.For you non seafood eaters (like me 6'5 290+lbs but whose counting)CHICKEN SORRENTINO!!!sorry, i can't describe this dish, because i have to get me one now. ENJOY EVERYONE! remember, life is too short to eat crap food so  go grab a fish sandwich at FISHMARKET!
Very old sign in window that their credit card machine was out, waitress said "phone line was down today so cash only".  They should list online "cash only" and just be honest about it. They required us to give them the restaurant.com certificate we had before we ordered.  Basked on our experience, my guess is they portion out the food differently because they aren't making as much money!  Ordered calamari - 13 pieces.  Ordered salmon and a $26.00 dollar steak and was told (after we ate our appetizers) that they were out of THAT steak but they had an aged $40.00 steak that was available (that wasn't on the menu)...what a joke.  We cancelled our dinner.  This place was a dive, doesn't look anything like the pics online, the waitress had an attitude from the moment we sat to the moment we left.  Left me feeling that when I travel I can't get Restaurant certificates unless I know the establishment.  Third time traveling we have found misrepresentation.
I don't review many places, and the ones that I do decide to review I do because they were good. In this case, I need to come out of hiding to discourage people from coming here. Let me tell you how it went.I walk in by myself and am told to take a seat anywhere, and let me tell you - she meant it literally because there is no one there besides some people propped up at the bar.The waitress comes over about 5 minutes later to take my order, and realizes  that she hasn't even given me a menu. I ask about their oyster / clam special that was advertised out front - in chalk - and she says it's really only clams because they are out of the oysters (and laughs about how they should erase it). Ok, I say, I'll have the clams (dozen min). I also ask what wines they have (red and white is her response), but decide to go for a makers mark, which I'm thinking is standard bar stock. Not so! She comes over and asks if I would rather have Jack Daniels, because they have to run to their sister restaurant in order to get the makers (instead of just going to get it without making me feel guilty about having to make someone go get makers). Then I turn toward the menu, and as I'm ordering, she interrupts that they have specials, and just as abruptly corrects herself to say that  - like the oysters and the markers mark - are out of the pita bread required for (all!) the specials. Ok. After about 10 minutes of banging around in the kitchen, the clams come out on half melted ice. A quarter of the shells are broken in half, and I can immediately smell the fishy odor coming from the plate. I struggle down 3 gritty clams, and can't eat any more. The waitress asks if they are ok, and I say they don't seem too fresh, to which she apologizes and walks away. No offer for something else, no offer to take them off the bill. Nothing.Then the burger come out, and though it's on the really salty side, it's (at this point ) surprisingly fairly good. That and the fact that the waitress, despite being pretty horrible at her job, is actually really nice were the only good points against this restaurant's long list of fails.Overall, I'd say this place is an expensive dive bar with not so great food, would never come here again. Stay away!
Came here with a restaurant.com gift card with a large group. This place has really good specials, happy hour deals, etc. but I can't help being so disappointed despite how nice people are here.A dozen blue points for $24... I expected these to be shucked nicely and to be FRESH... they weren't. And they ran out!! I guess it was a good thing...Lobster roll... no. The cod fish looked better.Pescatore bowl... it was on the salty side but I liked this.We got $3 beers the entire night, extended happy hour special which was nice.I guess I'm just really disappointed about the oysters... 3 stars for service.
Came here for a birthday party where the food was served buffet style, so this review may differ from the normal dine-in experience.This place definitely gets a 5 for service. Matt the bartender/waiter was super nice and attentive.As for the food - it gets 3 stars. We had a medley of different things - buffalo/honey bbq chicken wings, Caesar salad, fried calamari, lobster rolls, fish and chips, and pasta.  I think they went too heavy on the seasoning in many of the dishes.  Many of them were too salty.  But the lobster roll, and fish and chips were by far the best thing we had.  There were huge chunks of lobster in the rolls, and the fish and chips had just the right amount of batter.
This is the best place in the Seaport. I mean all of NYC!
Ugh! Horrible, horrible, horrible. This place should really change it's name - it's totally misleading. The seafood I had here was offensively bad. I had oysters of course. They were horribly shucked and scary looking. Then I had fish & chips. The fish was a frozen, factory shaped patty like you would get from the supermarket and make for a 4 year old. Just offensively bad.
Decent eats at this low key bar restaurant.  Tried lobster roll, pork ribs, fried fish, shrimp, Mac n cheese, clams and raw oysters.  Clams were tasty. Oysters are not as briny as I'd like but fresh nonetheless.  Service was great.  Friend had the stuffed fish that was made with homemade stuffing.  Skip the tuna. Don't know what people expect since it's a lean fish so by nature it will be less moist unless made super rare in thick block cut .  Go with one of the other dishes. Burgers are good too. And it's right across from the farmers market so it's a great food area.
In town from Austin on a business trip when I stumbled on this place while looking for another restaurant I'd found on Yelp.  I echo the other positive reviews -- particularly about the drunken fish soup and the owners/bartenders Jeff and John.  The soup was as good as you'll find in the finest Asian restaurant, while the vibe was pure neighborhood bar.  Well worth seeking it out whether you're a local or just in town for the night.
Great neighborhood spot!  Jeff is a very friendly owner who makes you feel at ease.  The food was great and it's a laid-back/fun place to chill out.  This place will be in my regular rotation.
Local spot - no frills but lots of fun. French fries are legit and the buckets of beer are always cold. Jukebox is always playing something to sing along too. Jeff (owner) always makes sure you have a good time. Quickly becoming one of my favorite bars in the city.
OK this place is called the Fishmarket Bar but SHOULD be called the RAT Market Bar!!! Seriously before you enter this bar you can see about 5! rats running in front of the bar!   I've also seen rats and a few water bugs in this place and mind you they serve food!! Personally I would not want to eat at a restaurant/bar that has an rat/rodent infestation problem. My second problem with this place is that there is NO SET Price. Basically depending on how that bartender/owner is feeling they will charge $8 for a beer one day and $5 the very next day!!!! This place is wayyyy over-priced for the mediocre food and drinks that is being sold. Lastly, I am disgusted that this bar allows customers to bring in their pets! I am talking about huge dogs. Since when did bars become the new petting zoo or dog park?? seriously, like why do I want to see a dog sitting on the floor for the next hour while i drink my beer? hence why there is a rodent problem! (dont forget that they serve food here too) So while you're eating ur food the dog is watching you, waiting for some food to drop to the floor, smh. Highlight:Ok cool, the owner gives out free shots of Jameson and good music (minus the fact that you have to supply you're own money into the jukebox , otherwise it would be quite in the bar) Felicia G. : you must like eating you're food in a rat infestation bar since you said you want to live there. I'm sure the rats and roaches will save you spot to sleep on. Also I never said it had a bad atmosphere! Food, drinks and price is another story thanks!
Don't feel like dealing with tourists or paying $20 for a quesadilla at the South Street Seaport?The service was friendly and very attentive, the happy hour draft special prices were just right (standard beers though: Blue Moon, Coors Light...womp womp), but the food was just alright.  Even the bread on my portabella mushroom sandwich was salty.It also looks like there was one of those dive bar game machines that has Erotic Photo Hunt, but I cannot confirm this.With so much fun to be had on Front Street, the Fish Market just didn't do it for me.
My friend and I wanted to find seafood, I wanted fresh oysters she just wanted seafood so I yelped some places and we ended up here. We looked inside and immediately left because the place just looked so...deserted. There were a couple of old(er) people at the bar who looked like they were nursing drinks, the place seemed mostly empty, dimly lit and did I mention this was a Saturday night? We had been hoping for better ambiance than that. We walked pretty far to another place that was smaller and even worse so we decided to cab it back to Fishmarket. While we didn't at all get the ambiance we were hoping for we did get some great service and food. I went with a Yelp recommendation the crispy fried sea bass and oh my goodness I almost ordered another one but I didn't want to seem greedy. I thought it was a little pricy for such a thin cut but maybe that's just cause I was hungry. It came with some kind of rice that was tasty and bok choy which is a vegetable I like and was well done. I wish I hadn't agreed to split that sea bass with my friend because I could have easily eaten it alone. It's not as big as the waiter had said it would be but that was fine.A con and a pro is the waiter/bartender who I forget his name but it's here in the other reviews somewhere. He is the owner and his mother is the cook, a friendly older woman who came out to see how we enjoyed our meal and scolded me for not eating the skin from my sea bass saying that was the best part. Oh she made me smile how adorable! However her son is a little too friendly. I need to be able to eat my food and I don't like people talking over my food yet he came to our table several times and was talking and laughing loudly and I had to push my plate over and away because while he wasn't falling down drunk he was intoxicated and..I just don't like people talking over my food! I'm pretty sure he probably leaves that place pretty drunk too because he lives right upstairs (with mama I think) so he doesn't have to worry about driving or even walking too far. still he really seems intent on making people feel at home and you can tell he wants people to be repeat customers. If I lived closer I could see checking this place out often and if the food and drinks stayed consistent I could go maybe a few times a month. I much preferred the waiter that came in later around 9, cute, with a sexy ass deep voice, nice eyes and a beard. I wish HE had been at my beck and call all night but sadly we only got to enjoy him for maybe a half hour. I was very disappointed in the oysters. They didn't taste very fresh, the cocktail sauce tasted like ketchup (I think it actually was with some horseradish mixed in) and I didn't understand why on a Saturday night a place right by the seaport couldn't have fresh oysters. Maybe they weren't ordered very often but then don't advertise a special on them for a dollar. They weren't even as chilled as one would expect. I didn't get sick or anything but I was happy I only ordered half a dozen because I left it at that and didn't get more. Typically when out and drinking I can eat like 2 dozen myself. I really love raw oysters. I'd first of all recommend finding out when this place is jumping, if ever, and go there during prime time. I can tell you it was not Saturday evening at 7pm, though I will say the weather wasn't the best, this was in January, and before we left people started trickling in so maybe on a Saturday it doesn't kickoff until 9ish. If you go at a non-peak time, bring the party with you. If there had been a larger group of us I wouldn't have cared as much about the lack of ambiance but it was just the two of us and we had wanted a place to actually see and maybe talk to people. NOT our waiter all night! So all in all I give the place 2 stars, had the oysters been better I could've possibly pushed it to a 3. It's not a place I'd run to again but if I'm already in the area it's not a place I'd avoid.
Chill, relaxed atmosphere. The drunken fish soup is SO GOOD. The menu is definitely peculiar which I always like. Looks like a family run place which translates to very friendly and personable staff. Should give it a go
Jeff is super nice but it all goes down from there. Service is very poor and food the worst I've had in years. Then we saw the kitchen and they had food on the floor. The board of health would close them down if they inspected. Nice bar but terrible restaurant.
My girlfriend and I went here last night, and we had an unfortunate experience. Things started off OK, drinks came out right away, and were good. When we ordered our food, we got a bad feeling because the waitress didn't write anything down, and asked us to repeat what we wanted multiple times.We were only two or three bites into our appetizers (oysters, and crab cakes) when our meals arrived. Timing wasn't perfect, but at least the food was correct, despite having to repeat our orders to her multiple times.I ordered a burger, cooked medium. After my first bite, I discovered it was VERY well done. Which surprised me, since the food came out so fast. A waitress came by to ask how our food was (not our waitress) and I told her that it was OK, but my burger was not medium, it was well done. She said sorry, then our waitress comes back and this is what she said:"The same thing happened to my friend here the other day. Sometimes when the meat is in the fridge, the red color goes away, and turns brown. But it's fresh, I promise. It's also cooked medium, it's only the color of well done because of the fridge."Really, what can I say to that??? I barely ate half the burger. It was just terrible. I know a well done burger when I taste one. Did she think this was my first time eating a hamburger? Wow.When the bill arrived, there were errors on it as well. There is a sign on the table advertising "Whackey Wednesdays" where you get a $2 draft beer for each appetizer purchased. Well, I had three beers and all were priced at $6. We ordered 2 appetizers so I think technically 2 should have been $2. I brought it to her attention, and she stared at the bill for quite a while, then said:"I'm sorry, I've only been here for one week, and I'm training someone new tonight. I'm not sure how to fix this."She then took the bill over to the bar, and spoke to someone sitting at the bar. I assume it was the owner or the manager. When she returned with the bill, she had taken $4 off the bill. The manager and/or owner didn't come over to apologize or even greet us after our problems.We will not be back, and we do not recommend it to anyone.
my first true dive bar/restaurant in NYC.  friendly, attentive wait and bar staff.  had the fish soup, calamari and fish tacos.  all good.  i would add one more star if their kitchen was better at getting food out in a timely manner.
Hosted my office fantasy football draft party at fish market.  Went in expecting cheap beer, wings and a chill place to draft and goof off.  Fishmarket exceeded my expectations with a friendly waitstaff, great food (wings were ok and chicken fingers were good but the fried rice, chicken curry and pork belly blew us away) and the Jameson flowed like wine.  Would def come back for dinner or for a place to watch football on the weekend.
Wonderful fresh oysters, steamed clams, and the best drunken fish soup. Great place for good food and some beers.
I was in the SSS area and wanted to try and get something that wasn't touristy. We walked through the food courts and other places that were packed on a saturday afternoon. This place was dead. I was looking for crab cakes and thats how I stumbled upon this place. They did not have that, and their menu was very limited(which isn't always a bad thing since it allows them to focus). I got the fish tacos and the fries were good, but the fish was not crisp at all. I am not really interested in going back. On the plus side our bartender was friendly.
I've been here quite a few times and was always greeted with friendly and smiling faces. Service was never an issue. The bar selection is pretty substantial although they did run out of my Hennessy just once :gasp: I've had a few of their appetizers and I can't remember any of them being subpar. For my entree I ordered an aged steak sandwich which probably was one of the specials that night. It didn't stand a chance, only took me 5 minutes to breathe the whole thing in.The thing that keeps me from going constantly is the location. I'm not a fan of seaport and definitely not a fan of circling for parking. Nonetheless, it's a nice restaurant where you can get good food and drinks.
Oysters: Girlfriend had them. $1 each. She said they were excellent. One of the best she's had in the city apparently. Great size and fresh. They weren't shucked perfectly, but great tasting.I had a dozen buffalo wings, 50 cents each. Very, very good wings. Bit on the hot side, but that's why you order buffalo wings I suppose. Ambiance: It's definitely got more of a bar / pub feel to it than a restaurant, but decent enough for a quick meal and a drink.
I am conflicted on what star level I want to give this place so hear my story. I guess it all depends on what really matters to you and what you are in the mood for. So here it goes.Was with the fam on a laid back Sunday and we were all in the mood for some fish and chips. We headed over to check on the fishmarket which is right no South street across from the Seaport. Seemed ok because it was far enough away that not as much tourists would hit up the place. It looks like a run down shanty bar at first. We were surprised at the no air conditioning situation happening. Whatever yelpers said it was good so here it goes on the food.Our waitress didn't speak much English and there was confusion on what was available on the menu but we all ordered the fish and chips and got a pitcher of the sangria which ran for $25. Sangria- A jar of ice with a little bit of wine, they added Captain Morgan and Triple Sec. The bartender who was a super nice guy said he was out of apple slices so he added lemons and limes. Weird.. I know. Since it was a warm day (fans going wasn't that bad inside) the thing was half water because of all the ice melting. No one drank it but me, ( what can I say I find the good in all alcohol).The bartender (even though we had a waitress) keep coming over to say the food would be soon, which was nice.Fish and Chips- you can tell they just sliced up and fried the fish. It was probably the best fish I have had ever (in a fish and chips way). It was perfectly fried and didn't have a greasy feeling. So good! The french fries could have been cooked more but I think they were trying to rush the food out to us for whatever reason.Whoa we were full. So the fish being awesome, the sangria a strange mess, the decor was a bar scene, I don't know what to rate it, but I have to say if the food is good that is what beats the rest.
I had a good time at this place the FIsh Market.  The whole atmosphere and bartenders were laid back.  Its a good spot to go with a bunch of friends for a couple drinks.This place has one of the best fish and chips i have ever tasted!  I also had the fish tacos which were delicious.  You would not expect this place to have such good food from the outside, but it is well worth it.  I will definitely be back to try more from the menu.  Also, the brownies and blondies are amazing!
just had the drunken fish soup and lobster.  monday was the lobster special and it was delicious and not expensive.  The soup is fantastic.  son and mother team  works well and the mom is very sweet.  The son is a football expert and knows all the players and teams.  Check this place out, it may look like a run down bar but you will be glad you ate here!
Came here for oysters and clams after a stroll through the New Amsterdam Market.Oysters and clams were fresh. Service was polite but very slow. Atmosphere is lots and lots of football on different screens (so take that for what it is). We were pleasantly surprised to see that the oysters were each $1 instead of $2 and the clams were on special for $9 / dozen (around 2 pm on a Sunday). We probably would've ordered more if we hadn't gotten the check already.Solid option for raw seafood in the seaport area.
I have been coming here a few times a year and have always had a great time.  Jeff, the owner is a wonderful host/bartender.   Mama makes the best homemade meals.  My family favorites are the Mac&Cheese appetizers & wings.  Today we had the $1 oysters and the delicious ginger wings.  My favorite entree has always been the Drunken Fish Soup but today I tried the Curry Noodle (clams and potatoes) and that was awesome.  Mama always adds hers special touch to every dish.Being at the Seaport, the crowd is a mixture of tourists and locals.  Great place to watch a game at the bar and hang out with friends and family.
Best hidden secret in Manhattan. Drinks flow freely, everyone that works or plays there makes you feel at home, clean, food is great...give it  shot (most likely Jamesons), it wont disappoint.
The owner, Jeff, is great. Really friendly and attentive. The food was great too. The drunken fish soup was delicious. And the Pescatore bowl was very fresh and flavorful. Great experience. Will be back.
We've lived in NYC since 1999, eaten at countless spots from high-end to food trucks, and can honestly say that dining here for the first time last night was one of the best restaurant experiences we've ever had.  With so much gentrification and hipsterism run rampant, it's rare to find a spot with neighborhoody, hole-in-the-wall (in a great way) ambiance, amazingly warm proprietors, and, most importantly, delicious food.  Fishmarket has it all.  On Jeff's recommendation, we took advantage of the $15 lobster special, ordering one each, as well as a dozen oysters, yummy noodles, fries, and bok choy.  Can honestly say it is impossible to decide which of these was our fave, as each was prepared with so much care and pride, and tasted fantastic.  Jeff also kept rounds of shots coming, and made us feel like welcome new friends.  Hats off to Mama in the kitchen, for her skills and mastery of great, down-home Malaysian cooking.  We can't wait to come back and try more of the menu.  Thanks, Jeff & Mama!
Great, friendly service. Sad, the seafood po'boy was a bit too oily, and lacking in seafood.
Fantastic place! Seafood is amazing. Jeff will accommodate anyone's tatse.
I love this place. The only reason why it doesn't get the full five is because it is a little out of the way from things. It would be fine if you drove though.What I recommend hereAppetizers: Teriyaki Wings, Fried Mac & Cheese, Crab cakesEntrees: Tuna steak Sandwich, BBQ ribs, the Burger, Seafood Po-BoyALL DELICIOUS!! I have dreams about the ribs and the po-boy!
Jeff and Mama are both awesome. This neighborhood bar kicks ass. Oysters, Ginger Wings and Mama's Famous Curry Chicken were all awesome. I'll be back.
This hole in a wall is a place that every local and tourist should experience.I usually try to come in during the day, since it's not bombarded by patrons like most other overrated tourist traps located around the Seaport. The daily specials on food and drinks are more than a good reason for me to keep on returning. Especially, the Mondays and Tuesdays Lobster deal for just under 13 bucks! You just can't beat that. The food usually arrives quick and with great care, and the staff is very down to earth.
It was completely fine, once again. Actually, more than fine, as they had a specialty drink that was really delicious.......For inexpensive bar food, it was great!
Must try the drunken fish soup! The best I have ever had. Any dish with the cod is delicious!  Freshest blue points I've had in years. 5 stars for the food, a great neighborhood hangout away from tourist central.
I came here for lunch and wondered if I was going to get wacked (we were the only ones in the restaurant/bar the entire time).  The server and owner(s) were friendly, but the food is mehhhh.  I had the grilled chicken sandwich with fries - the fries were oily (but tasty) and the chipotle mayo was interesting, but I didn't have enough chicken for my sandwich.  My choices were to eat the bread with no chicken or peel the bread until I discovered chicken (I peeled).  Maybe I came on an off day....
We stumbled into this place late on a Saturday night- right around 11:30pm. We were happy to find that they were still serving food. The bar is definitely divey so if you're looking for an upscale place- this won't be it. There were only a handful of people in there that seemed to all know each other. The bartender was SUPER friendly.  The drinks were strong, the dartboard was free and the fish 'n chips were the best I've ever had. So glad we randomly found this spot.
I ate here and I'm not happy with neither the service nor the price.They're nice, but slowly and not paying much attention to the customers.The food was ok, but expensive.And the worst event of the dinner was the gratuity! They added a 25% gratuity to the bill! So, I don't recommend this place, except if you wanna pay a lot for common food...
This is the best neighborhood bar you could ever ask for. Great food, drinks, and friends ...never fails! If you've never been to Fishmarket, you are truly missing out!
My favorite bar in the whole wide world.  Jeff and mama are the best ever. The food is AMAZING!!!!!! The service is AMAZING!!! I never wait for my drink to come and they always treat me like family. Great crowd, great atmosphere. Best place on earth. I'd move in if I could. Marley: you don't know what you're talking about shut up because this is the greatest place ever.
Best food in the city! Fish tacos....wings....stuffed peppers! Great service and the friendliest staff!
I don't get a lot of the criticisms towards this place.  It's a bar and there will be TVs with sports on, get over it.  Other than that, the $13.95 lobster special is a remarkable steal.  The seafood is always fresh.  I do enjoy their beer selection (had myself a Brooklyn Lager Pumpkin Ale which was seasonal).  I've tried the shrimp pasta and the salmon as well and both were cooked to perfection.  I am also not the type to enjoy big touristy crowds especially in my neighborhood.  Fishmarket, as a local spot, definitely does without it.
My roommates and I moved into Fidi (across from the seaport) a few months ago and have yet to find an affordable bar with great food. This one tops the list and we will definitely be regulars from now on. We have already been here two weekends in a row. We ordered 20 oysters ($1 special on Saturdays & Sundays, it doesn't get any better than that), an appetizer sampler with wings, mac & cheese balls, chicken tenders and calamari. The buffalo wings are really good and on the spicier side. The oysters were fresh and the mac & cheese balls were delicious. Service was probably the best I've ever had at a bar/pub like this. The music brings me back to high school days (hip hop, r&b) and overall this is a fun, casual place to hang. The place is small but quaint  and Jeff the owner is very friendly, welcoming and fun. There was a beer pong game going on next to us using 3 tables and a dart board on a chalk wall. Definitely give this place a shot if you love seafood (oysters) at great prices, you won't be disappointed!P.S Thanks for the complimentary Jameson shots, Jeff :)
Fishmarket is the place to be for a relaxed atmosphere and great food.  The prices are not outlandish compared to the surrounding Bar/Restaurant options.  I personally recommend the buffalo wings.  I know every bar has them, but these are phenomenal!  I find myself at the Fishmarket once a week, without fail.  The owners are always present and always enjoy their business.  They are happy and comfortable and you feel that comfort the moment you enter.  If you are anywhere in southern Manhattan and looking a great place for a round or some food, give it a shot!
I've been here a few times and the staff is always friendly and welcoming.  The owners have even greeted me at the door a couple times. I love  love love the fried Mac and cheese... It's a must have!  The tuna steak sandwich is also highly recommended.  Overall this place is great for a quick bite to eat or to just grab drinks.  Try the cider.
My rating is solely for Fishmarket's $13.95 lobster special.  I've been here twice and had a great experience both times.  Last night, Monday night, I went with some friends to watch the MNF game.  We got there around 730 and the place was dead.  No one was seated at their tables; just two guys at the bar.  Personally, this doesn't bother me so we just ordered up some beers and lobster.  The beer selection is a little lacking, just 5-7 on draft.  The lobster, however, was perfect.  For $14 you get a nice sized lobster, some butter and a lemon wedge.  No frills, but definitely worth it.The first time I went on a Tuesday night and it was a different scene.  I got there around 730 and the place was pretty crowded with over half the tables full of people.  One of the TVs was hooked up to an XBox and another to a PS3 and people were playing video games.  I guess that's what you have to do to get people down to South Street on a weeknight.  The volume on the games was turned off and the gamers themselves were pretty low-key, so it didn't bother me at all.
This place is practically the only thing at South Street Seaport that is back in fighting shape after Hurricane Sandy (as of June, 2013!) As good as new. Drunken fish soup is still the best.
I wanted to like this place more than I did.  The food was pretty good.  The staff was great, especially Sabrina the bartender.  The ambience is lacking.  It was very weird walking in the back and seeing the "zombie" men in the back playing video games.  They maybe should have a seperate section.
So, thanks to the owners for bringing fresh presence into this rather desolate part of South Street. My sense of this bustling, yet grungy area, is that this is the next Meatpacking of Downtown (give or take 10 years).This is a bold bar / restaurant, clearly intentioned by those creating it. A rich and almost romantic environment (I say almost, because fishnets from the ceiling are not romantic), deep stain wooden tables, white tile, an oyster bar feel. Yet I would say that the room feels a little fussy. I understand a couple of gilded mirrors, but with over half a dozen, it felt an overdone room.Service was the next thing. I agree with below, its enthusiastic - yet that came across as overbearing. Service was certainly well intentioned, highly respectful - yet the moments of awkwardness felt with staff leaning in too close, peering in every 5 minutes - my sense is that they need to work on their finesse.Food was good quality and fresh. I think the highlight was the Lobster Risotto, with intense lobster and clean ramp flavors - though the risotto itself needed more time to develop - still a wonderful dish for which I would return in a flash. The charred octopus with brazed fennel stalks had a delicate bite. I will say that the menu is confusing, almost as though they need to call it a "preview menu" while they work out what their niche is - and maybe reconsider the rather high prices until they have more of a reputation established (its not Meatpacking just yet).Lack of a liquor license really isn't on in this day and age, its something the owners need to get resolved quickly.Overall I think the place has potential. They will need to win locals over to be sustainable. Hopefully this summer season they can iron out the service consistency and space issues. I would love to go back in six months and see if things have developed.
Food was pretty good, nothing to write home about. Service was confusing... I asked her what she liked on the menu, and she was like, "huh? Idk..." I couldn't tell if she was having a bad day or just didn't like people.For the price [in New York City], not all too bad. Would I go back? Sure, just to make sure I didn't miss out on some awesomely delicious and bodaciously inexpensive meal that I have yet to try (ordering the cod sandwich wasn't the boldest choice I've made).
The Bar Owner Jackson was extremely friendly and treated us well
Food wasn't fresh esp. with seafood that's a big X. Service was mediocre, had to call our waiters for service at least three times each way, even to refill our water. This place is too over rated. Had much better seafood at other places in NY, such as fish at W4th.
This place recently changed ownership. I've never been here before the change, but I was very impressed with my experience here. I was a little disappointed that the beer selection was not as large as I wanted it to be, but what really floored me was the food.I had the teriyaki wings as an appetizer and it was delicious! The ribs were GREAT! The meat literally came right off the bone. Juicy, tender and full of flavor. Definitely a must-try if you come here. The curly fries that came with the dish were good, but I prefer them seasoned.I don't eat seafood, but a friend of mine who tried the tuna steak sandwich said it was excellent. This is a great place to grab drinks or dinner after work. I would come back here again.
This place is a GREAT neighborhood bar. Friendly (and usually sexy ;-) bartenders and always cool people. Oh and the food is awesome!! Totally worth checking out
It gets two stars for effort.  But overall it was below average.  Oysters were good and fresh.  Mashed potatoes were like grits or something.  Like a side of potato soup.  The BBQ spareribs were kinda cold.  Didn't really taste where the Guinness comes into play in the sauce.  It's the kinda place that needs some help as it could be a cool, hip place but it needs some savvy manager/chef to come in and polish that place up.
Plenty of places to sit, opportunity for ppl to jam/sing/spread a lil musical groove to strangers Pheobe (friends) style, cheap drinks, reasonably priced food served til 4am, and lack of over crowdedness draws me in like a sucker.
I think all the negative reviews of this place are misleading. This is an honest nyc dive-ish bar in an area of town that is dominated by overpriced tourist traps and pretentious establishments catering to the after work wall street crowd. Anyone expecting a fine dining establishment is a fool. It is obvious from the second you walk in that this is a cheap bar, with cheap bar food... That being said, our experience was great. The place was empty, and the bartender was more than attentive, picking up a couple rounds throughout the night. We had n enjoyable and relaxing evening and would encourage anyone looking to escape the high prices and congestion of the seaport to check this place out. Not a great place to go for dinner, but great spot for drinks with friends.
This is a great place that I read an article about it and decided I needed to try it. The neighborhood is a little run down , but that's because the fish market closed down in the area. Small place but I am going to say it "cute" place. Service was incredible and the everything we has was worth tring it again. Belive it or not it was also nice the next time I went to have a glass of wine outside and at the bar.
Check out this hidden gem in the South St Seaport. Don't miss the fried mac n cheese! You can't get it anywhere else!
Best cooking in this touristy area of NYC.  Also the only restaurant we could fine without a tv on and a bunch of young Wall Streeters whoopin' it up on a Friday after work.  Beyond that, the service was excellent and the prices were reasonable.  Lighting & decor and noise level were all very agreeable.  No complaints whatsoever.  When I'm back in this nabe, it will be my destination eatery.  BYW, tapas are gone and a full-fledged menu was presented.  I had the grilled whole fish with a terrific sauce.  Could not have been better.
Stopped by last night and was pleasantly surprised. Enthusiastic and energetic staff, great tapas (serrano ham croquettes and garlic & butter frog's legs..hmmm). They're still waiting on their liquor license, but eagerly offered house wine. Warm, clean, and attitude free. I'm looking forward to going back for a full meal. An after dinner stroll through the cobblestone seaport ends the evening perfectly - nice place for a date.
Not at all a fish market, but a cute small plates/tapas restaurant paying homage to the old Fulton Fish Market across the street with it's old photographs of the area and the Japanese glass fishing floats adorning the brick walls. It's candle-lit, the staff overly enthusiastic, and awaiting their liquor license, it's still BYOB. The food is good, but not remarkable. And as much as I liked the razor clams, I don't like sand in my food. It's definitely the new star in the neighborhood, but how long can that last with their high prices?
So good, especially the drunken fish soup and fisherman's stew. Loved the crispy fried rice. Personable owner. You cannot order too much -- it's all too tasty. Reasonable prices. Great for groups so you can try everything (we numbered 8, paid about 0 each and ate and drank very very well).
$16 for a 1.5lb lobster??? It's a done deal for me and it's so close to where I work that I love love it!! It's a very small restaurant, but the staff is awesome! He came around to pour us a free shot of Jameson at the height of the work rush crowd. We arrived around 5:45 and it was empty except for a few people at the bar. It smelled a little of cleaning detergent and we saw a lot of garbage bags get dragged through the restaurant to the street... not the most pleasing thing to see right before going to town on some lobsters. But then around 6:30-7pm, the place was packed and most of the people were grabbing a beer at the bar. We each ordered a 1.5lb lobster with fries and the lobsters really are 1.5lbs, some places really will skimp out and give you the small 1-1.25lb. The meat was a little overcooked, so it was slightly tougher, but it's okay given it's more like a bar than high end restaurant that has the time and capacity to butter poach. Overall, it's a low key, casual, hole in the wall type of place. We ordered sauvignon blanc ($8) and they came in plastic cups, which I didn't mind because it was good and this place was not advertising fancy. We saw some tables with casserole dishes fly by us and the smell was intoxicating! I'd come back.
Came in on a random Saturday afternoon to be pleasantly welcomed by some of the nicest bartenders in Manhattan. Definitely recommend! Fireball on fleek.
Best dive bar for guaranteed good food and fun times. Even though the decor is a bit rough around the edges, the owner Jeff and his mom's cooking make it a popular place for regulars. The food is authentic and consistent. You can't get enough with just one plate of the crispy fried rice (with Taiwanese sausages). Mama's curry chicken and fried sea bass are also must haves. On a cold winter night, i'd recommend the fish soup and congee. Fishmarket is good for pre-game, dinner, late night post party or basically any time that you're in for a good time.
A true dive bar, this place was fun. We had 30 minutes to kill before our cruise around the harbor.  I researched this place and read so many good things about the food. Unfortunately we only had time for a drink.The place was pretty empty around 6:00 on a Tuesday.  Jeff from behind the bar said they usually pick up around 8.I ordered a Grey Goode soda with a lemon and BF ordered a beer.  My cocktail was huge and well made!! The BF's beer wasn't available so he picked another. They offered is a shot of Jameson which was really nice. I'd read about it on Yelp but was pleasantly surprised when they offered.A fun place to have drinks.  Wish we could have tried the food.
Ordered through Eat24 and when I arrived my meal hadn't even started to be prepared. They told me that in the future if I place an order on Eat24 I should contact the restaurant to let them know I did this. Food was subpar. Service was not friendly. Would not go back to this restaurant again. There are too many other amazing restaurants in New York City that I would patronize and receive exceptional service, great food and a friendly atmosphere.
Excellent first time with the best bartender ever - John!  Jeff was great too.  No frills, local fare, unpretentious, excellent drinks, service and food.  The shrimp pot stickers and fish tacos were fantastic and the drinks were good and strong.  One of my favorite dives ever!  I will definitely be back.
Stumbled upon this place one night when me and my gf wanted to eat Chinese at a low key place. She had the fried rice which was addicting and I had the spicy shrimp string beans and it was cooked to perfection not to spicy but the right amount of crisp on the string beans. The service was great! The crowd and staff had a "Friends" vibe which made the experience even better.
Came here with a bunch of friends. First time there and I give it 5 stars due to excellent service and the delicious food!!!I can't express how amazing the fried rice is! Salivating, Chinese sausage with crispy fried rice that will make you want some MORE! I also had a side of fresh Lobster (this is all at the bar btw) with melted butter. Other than the food- this place is chill, friendly environment. Like "Cheers" - "..Where everybody knows your name!" Enjoy!
So for starters any bar that can score 3+ stars is in a category by itself. But this one earns it on not one but two counts.First:  the food is top shelf. The spicy shrimp noodle soup was as authentic as what I remember from my trip to Southeast Asia. The prices are reasonable and service impeccable. I also had oysters, pot stickers and lots of beer. Second:  one word - Jeff. The guy acts like he is auditioning for a spot on the letterman show (yes I know it is no longer a phenom). Jeff is behind the bar and a source of constant entertainment.   At first I thought it was artificial but the guy REALLY loves his job. But - he needs to give his mom/cook a raise. Based on the steady stream of traffic I expect he has.
So I'm usually a regular at a rowdy dive bar down the street from The Fish Market. Although, I met some cool asians at my regular bar who dragged me to The Fish Market to eat some curry chicken. Let me start by saying the Mamas Curry Chicken is not for the weak and honestly you might not have a normal bowel movement for a couple days if you consume too much. It's spicy but boy is it delicious. Like an good looking ex-boyfriend, you just keep coming back for more, only to regret it the next day.Anyways... Jeff I believe is his name... What a guy! Hilarious in a natural way! I fear he may one day leave this establishment and actually pursue his stand up comedy dreams. Boy, I can't imagine that being a sunny day at the seaport. The night started with my friend and I breaking up a strangers aggressive yet completely hilarious political argument, singing Britney Spears with these new strangers, then having a push-up contest with some polish dudes. There's a lot of different characters in the Fish Market, it makes for a good time. My Italian friend even got proposed to, that's the kind of good vibes the Fish Market has. The good energy just makes people lose their minds and propose to complete strangers. Jeff your smile is contagious and your Gin and Tonics are perfecto! Thanks for being you!
My favorite hidden gem in NYC. Jeff and Adam are great. Great service and so friendly. We come in and always feel at home. Low key-- be ready to take shots of Jameson with Jeff. Their mom is the BEST cook. Make sure you order from "mama's menu". Fried rice is AMAZING. they make it so crispy and it is one of a kind. mama's curry chicken and the ginger wings are just delectable. It's great to find such a great place.
Free booze? They got it here! Everyone in the house say hey! They brought a bottle of Jameson to every patron in the house and served them up shots. Great idea, still the food made by the master chef, MOM, was incredibly delicious. Especially that Drunken Fish soup! Dang that place was off the hook. Don't let the exterior fool you like it almost did for us, you'll enjoy for sure.
Literally, the best place to hangout in Fidi. Fun people, delicious food, and the owners are so damn warm and welcoming EACH AND EVERY TIME!! I've brought so many coworkers and friends, and they've brought their coworkers and friends as well!! Great place and highly recommend!
I ventured downtown to check out south seaport and this was a pleasant surprise. I glanced at the excellent reviews and walked in with a sortof italian seafood restaurant in mind, but was surprised that it had more asian vibes and super local vibes with the table cloths and brick walls. The food was amazing. We ordered shrimp and chips (so delish) and something with eggplants that was amazing!! Definitely recommend. Will definitely return when the weather gets better.
A rare find in the Seaport, possibly the only remaining gem of its kind. Authentic and food focused as a Chinatown resto, laid back and cool as the best LES dives, with the solid service of a Tribeca gastropub. Jeff and his brother work just hard enough to make you welcome while keeping an eye on the game. Jack the barkeep checks in when you want, and Mama Chef knows her stuff. We had clean, fresh, briny blue point oysters (weekends $1 per) with horseradish, the drunken fish soup with gently cooked sole floating in gingery, cilantroey broth, and crispy fried rice with Chinese sausage straddling that line between cooked and overcooked with accuracy and flair. The beer list is 7-10 long, nothing fancy, and we didn't get to cocktails this time but shots were being handed out to customers at regular intervals. Tucked away under the FDR on the block of Paris Cafe and Fresh Salt, the Fishmarket vibe is loud, laid-back and uncomplicated, with cafe chairs, some high tops and one round table seating 8. Hope they don't change a thing. One complaint - when I tried to get Jeff to shed some light on the mysteriously dry but crispy fried rice he laughed me away. Time to befriend his mom the Chef.
By far one of the BEST places in South Street Seaport.The place itself is a little dingy, but who cares. The food and staff are both amazing! I have never had a bad experience in this place. Let's talk about the staff and place itself first.I love the laid back atmosphere. Everyone who works there is incredibly nice. They make sure you're taken care of. I hope you're ready for some Jameson too!On top of the awesome staff, the food is delicious! I highly recommend the fish tacos and the steamed clams with the lemon butter garlic delicious sauce. If you get the clams, make sure you have some bread to finish off the sauce with!If you're in the area, definitely stop by here! Even if it's just for a drink.
Words cannot even describe last night's dinner experience at Fishmarket - it was BIZARRE!  We've wanted to go for a long time, but each time we passed it seemed like the place was shut down (being that it was usually empty / glass facade was shattered).  Weirdly, it wasn't "closed" on Yelp or Google Maps.  After having a few drinks at the Seaport last night, we were in need of some grub and figured we'd pass by Fishmarket and see what's up.  We were happy to see it was packed - finally we were going to try it out!Excuse my French, but this place is really crap (look wise that is).  I think it's supposed to be that way though, since they have a hanging light that circles in the air and wires sloppily lined against the walls.  We sat at the bar hoping to get a table, but the hot bartender was so entertaining we decided to stay put and eat at the bar.  The hot bartender (a grizzly sexy guy) and the owner (a happy guy from Malaysia) are an awesome pair - they certainly know how to get a party going!  The beer selection is crap, the drinks are so strong, and they give out free shots of Jameson all night (we must have had at least 4 free baby shots each).  These guys were BOMBED and so was everyone else!  Better yet, Mama is in the back cooking us food.  How great is that?  The Malaysian guy's mom is in the back making us chicken wings while her two sons and a grizzly bartender are partying like wild animals.  We ordered the fish tacos, fish and chips, and a side of bok choy.  With their recommendation, we also ordered the yummy noodles but because they ran out, they gave us a complimentary plate of ginger fried chicken wings.  They brought us the wings way after we finished eating, so by the time we got to them we were pretty much wasted and drunk eating a huge platter of fried chicken.  Our stomachs didn't do so well this morning - but damn that was a funny night!This place really has no order to it whatsoever and I'm so glad that we had this experience without knowing what was to come.  Will I come back?  Probably!  But I don't think I can handle a shot filled heavy chicken wing weeknight shindig again (coming to work today was almost impossible).
I absolutely will not come to this area to eat and I didn't know that the owner Jeff's mom, who is the cook make awesome Malaysian food. They have 2 menus, 1 western and 1 menu that has all "unique" name that I don't quite know what that is.They name Malaysian famous prawn mee as prawn noodle soup, Chee cheong fun as "yummy noodle".. If my friend Jason T did not recommend this place I totally will not know about it.. But seriously, the Malaysian food is way better than what I had in Chinatown.. Is comparable with what I can have it in Malaysia.1) prawn noodle - If u are not a fan of spicy food than don't order this!! It is spicy and it doesn't lower the spiciness, if not you just destroy the prawn noodle taste.. The soup is really flavorful and they give you a lot of prawns!!2) curry laksa - they have 2 kinds, pork skin and fish head.. I tried the fish head.. Again, it is spicy and the soup is so flavorful as if the flavors was soaked for days.. The fish head goes very well with it!!3) pork belly meal - the name is kinda weird and I hesitated.. But the pork belly is sweat and tasty.. It's pretty filling with the bak Choi4) lobster!! They steam the lobster.. It's really fresh and by far the best deal I have ever had since it's only $15 and it's the whole lobster5) eggplant- I am not a huge fan of eggplant but mama Jeff does know how to make it taste good.. It was stuff with shrimp!!If you want to train your drinking skill, Jeff will take a shot with you :)
Thank you yelp for another treasure. Took my daughter to the Taylor Swift experience at the Seaport and searched yelp for a place to eat lunch. This dive bar was fantastic. My daughter'a lobster roll was excellent, and my cod congee was to die for, especially on a cold day with an unexpected snowstorm. My friend got the shrimp and spicy green beans, which tasted great mixed in with the cod congee.  The owners walked around and did shots of Jamison with most of the customers. I don't know how they were still standing! Amanda, our waitress, it was super nice and told us some great stories about the place.
I frequent this place probably once every couple of months. I'm completely obsessed with and in love with their ginger wings. It's gotten to the point where I'll order two of them just so I can take it home and savor it throughout the week. I've ordered various entrees in the past with them and each one has never failed to disappoint me. This time was no different, ordered the ginger wings, chicken with spicey string beans and mama's curried chicken. zomfg. Mama's chicken. No joke is the best curried chicken. Ever. So flavorful and with enough kick to get me sniffling but I'm weaksauce when it comes to spice. Everything was on point as always. The entire family is great, friendly and attentive. I hope they never change and the restaurant will be around for years to come!!!
You can't beat the hospitality here. The ginger chicken wings were absolutely amazing as well as the sea bass. We also had the shrimp fried rice and Mama's chicken curry, all of it was delicious. The owner is very friendly and the service was amazing. We got a new plate for each entree and we sat at the bar. The owners mother cooks in the kitchen which makes everything a bit more special.
Fish MarketNY Manhattan South Seaport7:30pm 9th January 2015Five StarsThe South Seaport is usually a very sleepy part of downtown Manhattan, but the Fish Market is a crowded, loud, fun place to eat, drink, talk and watch football (one tv at the bar, one tv at the back). The place is pretty small with a 12 person bar and then probably tables for about 30 people in the back. We sat in the very back table peering into the bathroom and below a slew of cables and wires hanging from the wall. If you are not careful, you can detach the very loosely connected TV Cable and ruin viewing experience for those watching the Cincinnati Beagles v Pittsburg Steelers playoff game.  The menu features seafood in two styles: A) pub food B) Chinese cuisine. I had a mix of both. I started with some freshly fried calamari rings ($10). The breading was light tempura-like batter. They were quite tender. They could have used a bit more salt. The marinara sauce was a bit oily and too chunky for my taste. I also had the yummy noodles ($8). The wide flat rice were chopped up and served with a malaysian curry sauce and bits of potatoes which may or not have been bits of French Fries. it had a lot of flavor and spiciness. They have some amazing crispy french fries. The Grilled Salmon seemed breaded and fried. They don't have draft beer and they serve all drinks in plastic cups. One guy brought a bottle of Jameson around and gave us a shot.The food was delicious. The place was fun.
This is the place you dream of in NYC great reasonable different bar food with a laid back atmosphere. We had beer & $15 lobsters. The ginger chicken wings were crunchy, whiskey shots were gratis to celebrate anything. The TVs was entertaining & so was the bar crowd.Go with a group or by yourself & you'll feel at home. I'd call it Cheers.
I really liked the flavor of the food here. We had a dozen oysters - very fresh,Drunken fish soup - fish is fresh and soft, goes well with ginger flavor,Spicy shrimp noodle - mixed flour and rice noodle,Curry chicken - spicy, but good Malaysian curry flavor.Everything we had was really good. Last but not least, I have to mention, the people in the restaurant are just super nice and warm. The owner (I think) brought two shots of whisky to our table to let us try. Haha. Good food, worth coming.
My new favorite Malaysian restaurant in NYC (sorry Malay Restaurant on 44th Rd in Flushing, which is even 2 doors down from a parking garage whose price is a fraction of what it costs to park in a lot near S. Street Seaport, where one may otherwise end up parking far away; or better yet, take the train); they are just doing everything right, and all their food is on point.   AND whole steamed lobsters are $15 every Mon. and Tue, and a dozen oysters are $12.......and full bar, and super friendly staff....keep it up ...... ....& any restaurant owners with bad reviews reading this who by any chance don't know why their reviews are bad, please come here and see what hospitality and good food feel and taste like - !
Love this place so much. It's kind of rickety looking from the outside, with the broken door and all but this place has so much charm. The owner gives out free shots randomly just because. The food here is amazing. I have never been disappointed. Always get the crispy fried rice with sausage. The deep fried mac and cheese  balls are also really good. Will come back, only problem is that it's far from the train, but it's worth the walk!
Jeff the owner is a graciously fun host and makes sure you are happy and well fed. The food here is amazing. I had the pork belly sandwich-WOW, the yummy noodles and took home someDrunken fish soup that his Mom whips up all in the back kitchen. Get here, eat here, drink here. You will not be disappointed! Thanks Jeff!
Rude staff. Place smells terrible.  Not very clean.  A lot of better places to eat around the area imo.  Not sure how this place stays in business
Don't let the appearance of this place scare you off. This is a really cool local bar with great character. Saw the reviews and knew I had to try it out. The food is pretty fantastic. You should definitely order from the Asian half of the menu (Mama's). What you get is a truly home cooked Asian meal made (or at least oversaw) by Mama herself who comes out of the kitchen to see how guests are doing. What must be brothers run the bar and tables and are very hospitable. The prices here are really affordable, especially for NYC standards. Mon-Wed, you can get a whole 1.5 lb steamed lobster for only $16. Who does that?! Seating is limited so come early or be ready to wait. Great local spot that I'm adding to my regular rotation.
#Laid back dive bar if you are in this area for some reason. I'm not sure why you would be in this area. I'm not sure why I was. But nice place to get a quick beer if you do happen to be in this #area.Got the #Drunken Fish Soup. Great for low carbing. Had a lot of ginger. Everyone at the bar was trying to tell me how good it was for #hangovers. I know I was hungover, but I didn't think anyone else could tell.
Go now. Unruly gem near South Street Seaport. The Malaysian based food is no joke. Order spicy only if you are a professional. Lots of locals. Heavy-handed bartender will become your new best friend. Shots suddenly appear. Thank me later.
Dollar oysters on Saturdays and Sundays! Delicious fried rice. Great staff! Adam & Jeff are the best!!
Loved this restaurant. Some of the best pho I've ever had and the customer service was phenomenal. The perfect lunch, huge portion sizes, and fast service too! Must also try the spring rolls and peanut sauce!
This is an amazing little hole-in-the wall in the up and coming FiDi district. The restaurant/bar keeps a genuine and easygoing atmosphere with its dive-bar-y feel and amazing eats. The food is prepared with love and the authentic dishes have a slight flair that makes it memorable. This is a real New Yorker's spot!
I would have given a lower rating if possible. Filthy place with miserable staff. They treat people with utter disrespect. Terrible example of a "true" NYC place. As for the food, maybe even with McDonald's....but probably not.
Okay, I feel really bad for giving a 1 star cause I usually have a minimum of 3 stars on all of my reviews on yelp. To start off, the window and door to the restaurant was cracked.We came for the oysters deal on the weekend - $1 each with minimum order of 12. The oysters were so small and grimey. We didn't even finish half of it.If you do come here, I would recommend going for Asian menu (mama menu). Avoid all of the bar food, avoid the popcorn shrimp! The owner is friendly, he comes by and asks you how your meal is going.
My favorite restaurant in the Seaport area. The best vibe, service and Food. If I'm every within 15 blocks of this restaurant, I'm there without a doubt. The Curry is unmatched. The Crunchy fried rice with sausage makes me want to dance. I'm serious when I say this is a hidden New York gem. It looks and feels like a road house but the food is like fine dining. Treat yourself!
Well, if it were up to me I would have had lunch in front of the pier but my husband insisted on searching on Yelp and I just needed him to stop yapping. This place comes up with great reviews and good things to say about the food so we went for it. The service was great but the food to me, was just not good. I got the chicken and shrimp scampi and it wasn't delicious just edible. He had the grilled salmon many reviewers suggested and it was over cooked and came with watery mashed potatoes. Wish I'd gone somewhere else.
OMG!! I freaking LOVE the food here! This is one of those places that you invite your friends to meet you at for dinner and they walk in with one eyebrow raised because they expected the "fishmarket" to be semi fancy. Ha! But then they order and their palette and minds are simultaneously blown by the unexpected flavors and quality of the dishes. This place looks like a dive bar but then you realize it's unlike most dive bars because it's run by (a very welcoming) Asian family. I was thrown off by the menu during my first visit. Yes the seafood is ok, but the real deal dishes are the Asian dishes!! Wowza! Jeff was great! And yes, you do get free shots of Jameson on the house without even requesting them! Dreaming of coming back here soon! I highly highly suggest the curry chicken( if you love a good spicy dish) and DEFINITELY the fried rice! Even the green beans were lit and I don't even like green beans !!
I went here for dinner on Friday and lunch for Saturday. It was that GREAT.Great staff! Can't wait to go back and try everything on their menu!!
Have to admit, wasn't very happy to have to come here for a late night basketball game (whooo go warriors)  it's a bit further out on south street, smells pretty fishy but whatever right.Don't expect glam and modern chic, this is a good old fashion bar with a few tables.  You got a jukebox and big flatscreen tv and a smaller one on the side.The owner is pretty amazing I have to say, he gets to know you and socialize with you and yes, he is always bringing out the shots.The food is pretty good, definitely Asian.  I was told it was his mom that does all the cooking.  The shrimp and dry sausage fried rice tho, pretty darn good.  The yummy noodles - that was good too.  Curry and spicy, there were some seafood in it as well.  Not bad for a bar!
So, the reviews I read were spot on regarding the curb appeal. Honestly, it looked abandoned or closed down from the outside. Had Yelpers not raved about the food I probably would not have made it my business to visit. Inside, the ambience was fine and gave me an "around the way" dive/bar/pub vibe. Once in the door there was nothing that made me want to run for the hills. The food and friendliness definitely did not disappoint. My hubby and I are huge ginger lovers, so the drunken fish  soup was yummy. It's light and not huge, but yummy in a refreshing kind of way. The ginger wings were crispy yet tender. The scallion pancakes were perhaps fried a little too hard. The shrimp dumplings seemed fresh. The crispy rice was indeed crispy and reminded me the "good" part of my grandmother's Jamaican rice and peas that would catch at the bottom of pot. The portions aren't huge, but shareable for lunch. As for the beverages...my cocktail was potent and our host delivered the famous complimentary Jameson shot. My hubby doesn't drink so of course I did the hospitable think and represented for us! ;-) The shot was a nice touch and made me feel welcomed.
The best place we've been to in a long time!! Jeff (bar tender/owner) is freaking amazing and friendly. The food is spectacular. Please get the dumplings and he friend ginger wings!! We loved it here!!
Checklist:- Get everything on Mama's menu (some favorites include curry chicken, crispy fried rice, pork belly meal, and yummy noodles)- Small talk and befriend Jeff- Order drinks and take free shots with Jeff- Rage with the rowdy crowd- Leave happily full and drunk- Do it all over again because that food and service will make you feel like you're part of the family
Kinda bro-y, but free shots when we came in! Did not try the food, though it looks good.
When I see a menu that's half Asian and half non-Asian/seafood, I get kinda skeptical because usually they do one better or both not so great.. buut Fishmarket seems to know what's up with both! We came late on a Sunday night, but there were still some people at the bar and watching tv. Our server was super chill and helpful with suggestions.While they were already out of the $1 oysters, we were very happy with the food we ordered.My friend had come here before, so I went off his recommendation and got the fish tacos. YUM! He also suggested the crispy fried rice, which I now want to try after reading other reviews-3 fish tacos + fries for $12 is a pretty good deal! and they don't skimp on the amount of fish. They're breaded and fried, with a slaw on top, all rolled in a flour tortilla. The only thing I'd like is for the tortilla to be warmed up on the stove. Otherwise, flavors were great and I really liked it.-Pescatore bowl come with a bunch of seafood in a tomato (?) based broth. It came with clams, shrimp, fish, and squid. And they serve it with focaccia bread. Again, it would've been nice for the bread to be warmed up. Come here for your seafood fix and don't be afraid to try the other items on the menu like me :x They all sound great and I can't wait to try the Asian food.
What a lucky find! I could not ask for a better place anytime of the day, but at 930 at night after a long flight from LAX to be able to enjoy Drunken Fish Soup and a few shots with the people that run the place, I am a lucky human. I am going back next time I am anywhere near NYC!
Jon, the owner was incredibly welcoming and we had a wonderful time talking with him! Jeff, the server was also great: Funny, friendly and fun. They had shots (Fireball or Jameson) with us and laughed when they saw I only took sips (Hey, I have *very* low tolerance! =) Thank you both for showing us great hospitality, service and friendship. The menu was interestingly enough a mix of seafood, Asian cuisine and bar food. And it was pretty good. (Though we didn't try any of the Asian dishes) We shared the Combo Appetizers Platter which consisted of Buffalo Wings, Bruschetta, Fried Mac & Cheese and Chicken Fingers, as well as the pasta with shrimp and breaded chicken.The wings were my least favorite because it came with a very hot sauce and I can't handle very spicy foods. I normally order my wings without the sauce, but forgot to this time. The bruschetta was on garlicky pieces of toast and was yummy and light. The chicken fingers were large in size and perfectly fried and delicious. The mac and cheese were fried into balls and they were amazing-- My favorite appetizer! They were warm, cheesy, flavorful and worked well with the Ranch dressing. The pasta dish was a bit of a disappointment. The white sauce with garlic, lemon had an overpoweringly lemon flavor to it and the chicken was not crispy, even a bit soggy. However, the shrimp was good- Fresh and juicy. I would definitely like to try some of the seafood options next time. Perhaps the Seafood Appetizers Combo Platter and the lobster roll.
This may be a hole in a wall but you will not miss the warmth and the comfort in the ambience and food. Seems like its family owned. We had the drunken fish soup, pork dimsums, ginger chicken wings and mama's chicken curry. Everything was great! Wish the ginger chicken wings had a stronger flavor but the "crispness" was spot on! This is a recommended visit for tourists!
I've lived in NYC for 17 years and had avoided the seaport (tourists) like the plague, but I absolutely loved this place. It's got a dive feel to it and the dollar oysters were actually a fantastic value. My wife loved the spicy shrimp noodle soup and we both inhaled the pork belly meal.
The owner is a riot. You can catch him at the bar taking Jameson shots with the clientele. As he says, he's dirty, but safe dirty. His mom even joined in with the shots.Despite it's dingey run down look, the Asian food here is ridiculously good. Avoid the non Asian menu and get stuff off Mama's menu. You're pretty much getting Mama's home cooking at a dive bar.Things to order with my favorites at the top: Crispy Fried rice w/ Chinese Sausage - I never like getting fried rice at restaurants. It's just too commonplace of a dish that you can make yourself, but you'd be missing out if you don't get the rice here. You get crunchy rice in every bite, and it's not greasy at all. The scallions and sausage throughout the rice completed this perfect dish. It's like eating the scorched rice at the bottom of a bibimbap bowl except in every bite..Yummy Noodles - Aptly named. The noodles were yummy. They were pretty much cheong fun covered in some kind of curry. One of my favorites of the night.Drunken Fish Soup - The soup looks simple but tastes great. It's a good chaser for those Jameson shots.Mama's Curried Chicken - The chicken is really tender and the curry was thick and rich. The best part though was the potatoes which seemed like it was fried until crispy and then stewed in this delicious curry.Scallion Pancakes - This is of the fried variety. Pretty standard. I prefer the flaky ones but these were still good.Ginger Wings - Fried chicken wings were alright, but other stuff was much better.We also ordered $1 oysters. He forgot them, but glad he did. Seriously, best homecooking you'll ever get in a bar or anywhere in general.
Great place! The chicken wings and fried rice are excellent.  The bartenders are very personable and keep a great energy in the place.  They have sports on along with good music. I went twice on this trip and will definitely be back when I visit NY.
I loved that 15 dollar lobster 1.5lb. Great deal. Oyster was good and fresh. Good old east coast blue point. Little neck clam was good too. I wasn't crazy about the noodles. Pork belly pot was good. I would come back for the lobster deal on mon tues wed and 1dollar otlysters on Sat and sun. Only con was that music was too loud. I brought my family and couldn't hear anything. Didn't realise that it was a dive bar.
Awesome family owned small and cozy place ! The best rib eye steak and oysters we had in long time !! Highly recommend it before you go up on World Trade Center ! Will definetely come back
Delicious. Ordered the fried rice ( a must! ) and the pork belly which melts in your mouth. The owner is extremely friendly and mama knows how to cook!! Awesome combination. Thank you to yelp for allowing me to find this place, I would usually pass it under a normal circumstance. It looks like a bar and I literally walked in and walked out before realizing I was in the right place. Must try.
Fave dive bar to go to. Awesome bartenders and owners always take care of you. Try the food too- yummy noodles and fried rice. A shot of Jameson is coming your way- like it or not! Enjoy.
Ordered the mama's chicken curry and got blown away by the taste. Fish congee was perfectly seasoned and very appropriate for the cold weather. Loved it.
Super dive with good food. Totally off the beaten path but worth trekking to south st seaport mon-wed for $15 steamed lobster. Good fries, ok calamari, ok scallion pancake, great fried rice. Cheap drinks and owner (I think he's the owner) gave us a ton of free shots. Make a reso and tell them you want the lobster so they don't run out before you get there. Not fancy but good food good service and super chill.
First off, the 3 star rating is not a knock on the food, but overall experience.Admittedly we chose the Fishmarket because it was close to where we were and we had time constraints as we needed to hit a Poetry slam at 10 and we were pushing it. We walked over to the Fishmarket which is in the South Seaport area. My fellow yelpers ratings definitely help with our decision. Upon arriving we realized that the place is a bit of a dive bar with really loud music which made for a painful experience since we just wanted to chow and chill before our next adventure.We started with wings...so so and scallion pancake...also so so and lastly the stuffed eggplant...not so good but since we didn't eat it..they took it of the bill-Pretty cool.Then we got Mama's chicken curry dish which was very good 4 out of 5 with a very spicy kick to it. Fish tacos were also meh. The sauces that they served with them were not very good, which made for some dry tacos if you went without. Then the Pork Belly meal...which was good..3 out of 5. The loud ear piercing music made the experience a bit unpleasant but we should have vetted the place better. It's a good place to hang out with friends over good beer and or drinks while chowing some of their tasty food, but not a good family sit down joint.Salud!
The chicken crispy fried rice is my favorite. We've tried the fish tacos, fried chicken sandwich, popcorn shrimp, and chicken with string beans. Every dish was so tasty!
A real neighborhood bar/restaurant in a part of the city filled with fancy places. Great food and drinks!
This is one of the best bars I've been too.The owner/bartender is awesome.Great service!
AWESOME food.   AWESOME people.. AWESOME staff.. AWESOME experience.  It is a small place that is easy to miss. And does look a little worn.  But this spit is definitely a hidden gem that the locals know very well.  This was our first visit.  But the staff and locals made us feel like old friends. We waited for a table, but the whole wait was an enjoyable experience filled with playful banter and free shots of Irish whiskey.   But the delicious food was worth the wait on its own.. I can't wait to come back and sample more of the menu!!
This place is simply awesome. Great Malay/Chinese influenced style food in fishermen dive bar setting. The drunken fish soup is perfect with any of the fried dishes and crackling fried rice.Adam is a great host. Definitely coming back when I am in town.
Do you like unique places where you feel like you are a part of the party and can just enjoy yourself?  Do you like it when a place has no pretense and good food when you are drinking any night of the week?  How about when a place that plays decent beats so you can bop a bit ? No? Cool. Because then I don't want to see you here or read your whiney reviews .  I've been here a handful of times in numerous states of inebriation and its just a good time feel good environment.  Don't get me wrong the food is pretty dope, but I'm here to have some fun on the DL.   The other reviews say it all   and this place is just an awesome spot.  End of story
We went here for dinner on a Friday evening. The place is pretty crude on the outside, but cosy in the inside. We have absolutely no complaints: the food was delicious, service was great and we even got a round of whiskey shots on the house. Easy 5/5.
Fun! Great food, phenomenal wait staff, a great vibe... Check! Really can't say enough good things about this place. Very excited to come back again soon.
It is a good place to get a nice meal. They have amazing collection of meals to taste. The only issue I have with them is the high price for a relatively small amount.
I was skeptical and in a bad mood the first time I went to Fishmarket, and found my pasta not to my taste and left grumpy overall. However, I did try the sea bass that my boyfriend's mom ordered, and it was delicious. I decided not to rate Fishmarket until I had come back for a second try, since my boyfriend thought his fried rice was out of this world and was raving about it for hours.On Saturday, we came back - mostly because I wanted the dollar oysters available all weekend. The place was packed and we only secured seats at the bar, but received full service nonetheless. The oysters were a steal and I almost wished I ordered two dozen, but wanted to make room for the spicy shrimp noodle soup I had for the entree. It was also really good, and my boyfriend's pork belly meal looked great as well albeit a bit small. We finished with the shrimp puffs, which were awesome! I'm definitely coming back to try the eggplant puffs that Jeff the bartender recommended.Speaking of Jeff, he was extremely gregarious and was doing shots with everyone - on the house. This kind of draw can't be found at most bar-type places, and really makes Fishmarket's atmosphere distinct. As long as my boyfriend continues to live in Fidi, the more oysters I am planning to consume on the weekends here.
Jeff + Adam + Mama are amazing. Food is awesome, service cannot be better. Come here with a small group of friends to enjoy all of Mama's best dishes. Lots of TV for the sports lovers, too!
This restaurant bar is a great place in the South Street Seaport area! The menu is full of great appetizers, fusion food between Irish and Asian cuisine. Crispy fried rice, shrimp dumplings and scallion pancakes are my favorite. Everything is fresh and delicious.The crowd is always happy, and the owner-bartender is the best host. His mum is the cooker. Remember to thank her! She is the rock, heart, and soul of the place.
My boyfriend and I finally got the chance to check out Fishmarket after a plethora of rave reviews from friends. Pros:* This dive bar and restaurant has a ton of personality from the rowdy but unassuming atmosphere to the kick-ass mamma who works feverishly in the kitchen serving the most awesome Chinese dishes. * Jeff, whose mom cooks in the back, is super friendly, warm, and remembers everyone's name! Throughout the night, Jeff and the other 2 welcoming bartenders will be offering you free shots of whiskey! * For those who love the slightly burnt rice at the bottom of a wok or rice cooker, I recommend the Crispy Fried Rice with Chinese Sausage, as it's light, crispy throughout and absolutely delicious. The Chicken Curry with Potatoes was on the spicier side so I couldn't eat a lot, but it was rich in flavor and portions. The Wings with Sweet Chili Sauce was also a hit, as they were perfectly fried, moist and juicy inside, and tasted great with the sauce. Cons:* Well, it's a dive bar, so it's not the cleanest establishment. Can't wait to return to try their other dishes like Lobster Roll and Fish Tacos. I can totally see Fishmarket's menu take off in a food truck!
There is no combination quite like that of bar food and traditional Chinese cooking. Jeff the owner runs the show while his brother helps with the bar and their mom runs the kitchen. This is my version of Cheers for great laughs great food and fun atmosphere. A hole in the wall usually full of locals and regulars hidden behind all the fancy seaport spots this is a place you can just let your hair down. I hope you like Jameson because it flows pretty heavy!
Good food at reasonable price with good service. Opens at 6:00pm which sometimes it's a bit late. Not too loud so nice for catching up with friends, family, or even a date. Good for kids, small groups or if you're on your own.
Love this place! Relaxed atmosphere with good vibes...the owner/bartender makes sure everyone has a good time. He's funny and will offer you free shots of whiskey.  Seems like simple bar and bar food but it's not. The food is fresh and tasty. The crunchy fried rice is the best!! The ginger wings very tasty and cooked to perfection.
This place is a hoot. It doesn't look like much, but be prepared to have a good time. (Be prepared to drink some whiskey too.) We tried some fried dumplings, the pork belly hot pot and the drunken fish soup. Food takes a while, but it was all fresh and delicious. And as others have said, the staff & owner are what makes this place truly special.
Food was great - all very homemade. Eclectic menu! Not fancy...just good food!
I can in the end see why everybody is raving about this location. The fish here is potent and it is seriously the high-quality that i've ever had before. The fish fry used to be potent but the great thing i have tried from this location is the lobster roll. If you're planning on getting one thing from this menu then the lobster roll is it. Straight to the point. High-quality food. Informal and friendly surroundings. The carrier employees is courteous.
This one is a good restaurant that offers good food, good service and a pleasant dining experience.Alfresco dining is preferred because it is located along King St, in Old Virginia.
A hole in a wall with neighborhood charm that makes you feel like you belong. The raw oyster special was tasty and affordable on a Sunday evening. Prices were good, service was quick, and my fish tacos were delicious. ALSO, they gave a complimentary shot of Jamison because they didn't think the food was fast enough (10-15 minutes). I love that the glass door was broken and the tables were all mismatched and scuffed up, but you can kick back, relax, and enjoy great food with a happy, upbeat environment.
From the outside the sign doesn't do it justice. The food inside is amazing. We tried the fish congee and the fish tacos. They tasted fresh, delicious and big portions and we're definitely coming back soon! What sold us was the friendliness of the staff - Amanda the bartender/server was helpful and warm and also meeting Jeff was fun and welcoming. Thanks for the birthday shots for my wife!
We came in from vegas and were looking for a nice, relaxed atmosphere to eat/drink. This place kinda threw me back at first because it was super packed and there was a 40-min wait. We ended up waiting for about 30 minutes and it cleared up a bit by the time we were seated. After that, it was perfect. The employees were great and the foooood omg the food! It was so good! The fried rice was the best. Definitely recommend it and will return when I head back to new york. My inner chubbs was happy
I was in town for business and decided I wanted to go somewhere more 'local' for dinner. The place is small, kind of looks like a dive ... but everything about it was fantastic! I will go back whenever I'm in town again!!
Disappointed. The only thing that was good was the wings. Place is shabby. Not even worth this post.
OMG!  This place is simply awesome. The food is awesome and the atmosphere is even better. Walk in and you feel like a regular in 10 minutes. Yummy Noodles are called  Yummy for a reason. Really, this hole in the wall yokel lokel place is easy to pass when walking by, if you do it's your loss!  A+++
Egg plant stuffedSpicy nodesFish tacos Fish pot John served and is very good We sat near the kitchen and could witness the flash of energy that momma (I hugged her and thanked her as she passed by the table) as our first dinner in NYC was  with her at the helm!  Everything was excellent! Everything. The owner was handing out shots and my wife and daughter were people watching and loving our first dinner in NYC. If your in SeaPort stop in, If I'm back in the area I plan on it!
SUCH a cute place. Not what you'd expect when I say "cute" so don't come with the expectation that it's cutely decorated or the food is presented super cutely. No. But this place is all about the great food, the endless drinks, and the cutest VIBES.The staff is just so warm and friendly! They made my friend and I feel so comfortable - it's an utterly welcoming and lighthearted atmosphere. They were patient with us when we needed a lot of time to look at the menu, as we were both indecisive and chatty (since we hadn't seen each other in a while). They offered us drinks with a group that seemed to be regulars there (we intend to be in the future). They were comfortable with us, joking around and having a good time. You could tell that they really enjoyed working there, like this was their home. Although I could go on, really little needs to be said about the service other than that it was amazing.As for the food, it was also great. We ordered the "yummy noodles" to start, which we both enjoyed a lot. It consisted of flat/wide rice noodles covered in a spicy curry-like sauce with clams in it. It was good for the both of us as my friend is a vegetarian/pescatarian. Then I ordered the fried rice with sausage, and my friend ordered the fish tacos. My fried rice was good, very unique, although after tasting it, I wasn't quite in the mood for it. It had some actual crispy FRIED rice sprinkled on top (which was what made it unique), but I happened to be more in the mood for a comfort food - something soft, less crunchy, more mild, more soothing. Despite this, I think it was a very interesting twist to their fried rice and I can definitely see why many others enjoyed it. Btw - it has Chinese sausage, not American or whatnot. If you haven't had Chinese sausage before, I would try it. It's delicious and very different. On another note, my friend finished her fish tacos in half the time I finished my food - and they looked super cute and very tasty (I didn't try it because I was so full already).Overall, upon leaving, my friend and I exchanged thoughts - we are definitely coming back here! :) if not for the food, then for the service and utterly welcoming atmosphere.
Rude staff member answered the phone with "hello" in an exasperated voice as if I were putting him out by calling the restaurant. I was told that they could only take reservations for large partiesStaff put a bad taste in my mouth.
I had a really nice experience here a few weeks ago. The restaurant doesn't seem much from the outside, but once inside it gives a really friendly and warm vibe. The waiter/owner was a pleasure. He was very attentive to our table and even took a round of Jameson shots with us, on the house, which seems to be something they are known for. I had their drunken fish soup and their teriyaki wings. Both were delicious and hit the spot. My bf wasn't too impressed, but I however will be back for that soup!
i went to this restaurant for lunch today.  This restaurant in CLOSED.  The building is being torn down.
The fried rice is like nothing I've ever tasted. It comes out looking so simple and plain, but then with the first bite you realize that all the other fried rice dishes you've had in your life were done wrong because they didn't have the crispy bits of rice. It also helps that a jolly man will walk around offering free shots of Jameson.
I love this place. They're open for dinner year round. Lunch is seasonal and will start up the first or second weekend in May. This is a dive bar with amazing food. The best food is from Mama's Menu. My favorites: - yummy noodles- fried rice with sausage- scallion pancake- chicken and green beans.The staff is super friendly - Jeff and Angie behind the bar, Mama in the kitchen. Patronize this small business if you're in the area!
Great spot!  Recommend the crispy rice, yummy noodle and wings....! Fun atmosphere,  great service and amazing food!  I'll be back...
Best bar ever. Food is amazing--crispy fried rice is phenomenal, lobster roll and everything else we have had there has been fantastic. Total dive bar with a fun, chill vibe with a super friendly owner.
Just go here - the food is excellent, the owners are friendly and welcoming, the atmosphere is just plain and unpretentious, and on the night I was there, the owner was buying everyone rounds of Jameson's : ) I had crispy fried chicken, which was excellent.
Terrible. Went there because of its Yelp ratings but they made us wait close to an hour then didn't have enough chairs for us. When we complained owners told us if we want to leave, go. Imagine, after waiting for close to an hour. Terrible customer service. I don't recommend this place. Don't believe the ratings.
Dear Jeff and Jon,It's very rare to walk into a restaurant and feel right at home, but I can't help it when you two speak to my friends and I as if we've been buddies for life! From sharing "deep secrets" about "you-know-what" and learning about your career history to having a home-cooked meal from Jeff's mother; from Mac-and-Cheese Balls jokes to sharing "dangerous" shots, you two have earned a spot on my friends-only-invite list! And... as a new-found-true friend of yours, I will now give you the breakdown about your restaurant, your strengths and... "areas of opportunities" as we like to say in the corporate world :p.---------Overall Verdict:SERVICE: Fun, funny and folksy! Jeff and Jon - you guys are amazing! VENUE: Rustic feel with its brick walls and a smell of seafood in the air; fitting for a restaurant right by the East River.  FOOD: Flavorful and well-portioned. Loved the Mac And Cheese Balls and the Chicken Fingers!ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: I don't know how Jeff was able to handle all 20 or so patrons by himself before you came in Jon! And even then, we didn't feel neglected or impatient.VERDICT: I would definitely recommend this restaurant and would love to stop by again to try the other dishes (oh and say hi to you two as well). Such a pleasure to meet you guys!---------Experience/Service: My two friends and I arrived around 6:30pm on a Saturday. As soon as we walked into the medium-sized restaurant, my starving stomach growled louder as I smelled the fragrance of good seafood. Jeff immediately notices us, welcomes us and gets us seated. The place wasn't empty, but it wasn't packed - a perfect place to bring a big group gathering in the South Street Seaport area.We opted to sit on the high-chairs. As Jeff hands us the menus, he apologizes for having us wait (which I didn't even notice because it was probably only 5 minutes, but I appreciate that). We perused the menu and immediately got excited for what we were about to order. Jeff comes back after 10 or so minutes and once again apologizes for making us wait (again - I didn't notice, but that's so sweet!). Once we received our orders, Jeff and Jon came by periodically to check up on us as well us converse with us. When they weren't with us, they were entertaining the people at the bar or playing "Heads Up" with 6 or so patrons in front of our table. Afterwards, they had shots of Jameson and Fireball with us and continued the fun and homey dining experience!---------Meals:We ordered the following dishes:- Combo Platter (Buffalo Wings, Fried Mac & Cheese, Chicken Fingers & Bruschetta [22.00]): Great platter!  == Buffalo Wings: Whoa! This was SPICY! So for those who love spicy, get this! My hot-food-fanatic friend gobbled this up appreciatively. == Fried Mac & Cheese: I'm not a big fan of Mac & Cheese but this was very good! I'd come back just for these!  == Chicken Fingers: These were definitely not your typical fast food chicken fingers! They were juicy, flavorful and satisfying to the palette. == Bruschetta: Fresh and very delightful making for a very good light appetizer.- Dozen Oysters On the 1/2 Shell (Blue Point served with Cocktail Sauce & Lemon [24.00]): Not bad. They came in different sizes which was interesting to me. I'm used to being served oysters in a more uniformed-size. Not my favorite bunch but I wouldn't be settling if I had these either.  - Chicken & Shrimp Scampi (Egg Battered Chicken Breast with Jumbo Shrimp served in a White Wine, Lemon, Butter, and Garlic Sauce [18.00]): I was looking forward to this dish; Unfortunately, there was too much lemon in the sauce which made this dish hard to finish. It was our least favorite that night.All-in-all, the food was satisfactory and the experience was a wonderful one. 4-stars for now, but make a few tweaks (and perhaps clean the bathroom a tad bit more), and I'd be happy to give you that extra star if not more.Till we meet again, Jeff and Jon...
it's the best Brooklyn neighborhood bar...located in Manhattan. You'll know what I mean when you go there. Go there.
Fishmarket is great!! Upon entering on a Saturday night, the place was fairly active with just one person servicing the whole place. Jeff, while running around like the chicken without it's head, manages to not only keep the place in order but also made us feel right at home and having a good time. The food came in good sized portions and well worth the price compared to a lot of the same foods being serve at Smorgasburg a block away. A must have is the oysters which goes for $1 a piece. My friends' like the Mac and Cheese Balls and Chicken Fingers a lot. Ever so often Jeff or John would check up to see if we're doing okay and joking around about anything. It was a really fun time and a great atmosphere. I would definitely go back.
This place is AWESOME.  Great staff, (Big John and Jeff, and of course Mama) made everyone feel very welcome.  Very eclectic and friendly customers, great jukebox, and of course the food was outstanding.  I took customers here two nights in a row, and had a great experience both times.  The clams were fresh, tasty, and very reasonable.  The ginger wings were legit, and the yummy noodles were very aptly named.  The pleasant surprise was the big bottle of Jameson that the bartenders would pour free mini shots out of during the entire evening.  (Which is such a HUGE hit with the customers, and really a brilliant idea for super cheap 'gift with purchase' idea for other bar owners....)  Had a blast, and for sure will be back there any time I'm in Manhattan.
Haiku:A handshake from JeffMama's chicken and a beerHome away from homeTo Eat or Not to Eat: How do I love thee? Let me count the ways!
Loved this place!!!Me and my friends were wanting to sit down somewhere nice to get away from the crowd down at Seaport on the Fourth so I found this place on Yelp and it sounded good enough to try out. When we walked up it was not at all what we were expecting (a lot smaller and a little dingy looking from outside) but decided to give it a shot anyway. It seemed like there was more space for the bar than there was for the tables to sit at, but we didn't mind that. Our waiter, John, was very nice and joked around with us in a fun way which we enjoyed. He checked in on us a lot throughout the night and was very helpful with menu suggestions.I ordered the shrimp fried dumplings and the crispy chicken fried rice for my meal and my friends all got calamari, lobster rolls, and salad. Everyone loved everything. It was fantastic! The rice was a little funny to me being so crispy, but still very good. They also played loud music the entire time picked by customers that was very fun. It was loud and everyone was singing and dancing through the restaurant, we had a ton of fun! After we finished dinner the fireworks were starting for the fourth so everyone in the restaurant was able to get up and walk outside to watch some of the show which was nice of them to let everyone do! When we came back inside it was like a party and the place turned over from restaurant to bar real quick! Loved it!!! We had a blast! Will go back!
Great Restoran's with great atmosphere, love the fish. Bass is my favorite. Will recommend
I thought this lace was very good. I got the shrimp and spicy green beans. If you like shrimp you must try this.
You have to come here at some point if you live anywhere close to the Financial District. I would give this place 6 stars if I could, 5 for food, and 1 for service. Bathroom could use some cleaning so maybe minus a star... But what do you expect from a dive bar/restaurant hybrid. Have to keep it divey. I had the crispy fried rice and it was amazing. In all my years of eating fried rice, I never knew you could add another dimension but this place managed to. Nothing in particular stuck out on the menu at first glance, but after eating the first dish I'll come back again for other stuff on the mama's menu. The service here is top notch. Coming here is like going home after a long day of work. They are very friendly, always asking if you need anything(including a shot of jameson) or how the food turned out. Maybe the group I was with are memorable but the owner remembered the last time he saw them (a whole freaking year ago). He should write a book about how to treat customers and sell it to the places in chinatown.One thing they do need is some kegs for draft beer. But hey, whiskey is good too.
A++++ food and service Awesome specials and gray prices Definitely give this place a visit and the owner Jeff is the man (he gave us free shota, he has to be a good guy)Great place, give it a visit
Though the food was good, the venue was disappointing to me. Really just okay good at a spot with no decor and minimal effort put into it. Though this is what they are going for, I was not impressed by it and will not be back.
I came here with my parents and was a little skeptical at first but I'm so glad we stayed. Great food, great staff and an overall great time.
Awesome food including a seafood menu and Mama's Malaysian menu. Love the fish tacos, pork belly sandwich, and curry chicken. The owner couldn't be nicer: friendly and generous with the Jameson shots. Such a welcoming place. Good for post-work happy hour, watching a game, or just throwing a few back for no reason.
Surprisingly delicious food for a restaurant/dive bar that doesn't look like much. We ordered off the old menu of the owner's previous restaurant, which you'd be wise to do too. The menus are laminated sheets of paper, which tells you that this place is way casual.The curried chicken was definitely the best thing we ordered. It was super flavorful and spicy. Thank goodness it comes with a bowl of white rice! I'd also get the garlic chicken wings again as an appetizer, which come out piping hot and very tender. The garlic shrimp entree and fried calamari appetizer weren't as good. I tried a few bites of my friend's crispy fried rice, which was really interesting and tasty. I've never had fried rice like that before.The owner also came around and poured us all shots of Jameson. He was so fun and energetic, definitely adds to the experience of dining at Fishmarket!
Let me just say this was my 1st time here and i left feeling like i had been coming to this place forever...where everyone knows your name. The food was awesome....a HUGE thumbs up on the shrimp crispy fried rice. But what made it even better was the people. Thank you Jeff and Angie for making us feel like friends you've known forever. My friends from Cali thought it was amazing (Russel Wong haha) and you know what so do I. Thanks for being a part of our snaps and our epic night. You guys are awesome in my book. See you soon!
Super divey atmosphere. Don't expect a high end seafood establishment based on the name.  Do expect laid back vibe, great Malaysian food, so-so American food, slightly expensive, but the free Jameson shots make it worthwhile to get drunk on a budget.
OMG! I read the review that some person wrote that they had their best fried rice in their life here, that's totally TRUE! I'm Malaysian, I'm so glad to randomly stopped at a place that taste just like home to me! Their chicken wings are absolutely superb and definitely, you have to try their fried rice!!!! Also yummy noodle is a must have! stop by! The bartender / owner is soooo friendly and keep giving us free shot! Stop by and give it a try!!!! You will not regret it for sure!!!
I'm not here to discredit the taste of the food. But I found this place based on yelp's reviews, and made a date with a friend to meet here. I got there before the restaurant opened, and the place looked broken down, pretty much a hole in the wall. I went to neighboring restaurants to pass the time and had drinks. But upon it's opening, the place was very sketchy, the windows were broken/cracked, we could see straight to the kitchen, with mops and buckets on the floor. My guest said that the place also smelled. So we decided to leave. I was scared to even use the bathroom, as the thought of a roach would crawl over my foot. I'm a big foodie reviewer, especially on IG. But I couldn't get through the initial shock. This wasn't somewhere to "plan" to go, its somewhere to stumble across on a drunken night for your first time. Thereafter, if you're pleased with the taste/quality, then you could become a returning customer.
One of a kind. So much history in this area. Where the Dutch staked claim. Jeff has made a great place to drink, eat and play good music on the box. Worth the effort
Wow, unexpectedly delicious hole-in-the-wall with great home style Chinese food and seafood. This place is open late, has a nice neighborhood bar feel, and just enough tvs to watch a game but quiet enough to have some good conversations while enjoying the locals choosing classics on the jukebox.Was feeling a bit cold in the unusually cold NY weather and came here to have the drunken fish soup. It was okay but a bit too salty, and I'm glad I made a spontaneous decision to order the chicken fried rice despite this being called Fish market. It was hands down the best fried rice I've ever had, with crunchy rice bits on top of savory fried rice your Asian mom would make, but without being overwhelmingly greasy as is always a fear when I order Chinese.The bartender is really nice too, and will make you feel right at home with some friendly NY chatter while you eat. Great place, my only regret is not having a big enough stomach to try more, and I'll definitely try the shrimp crispy fried rice next time too!
This is my favorite bar in the whole city and to keep the tourists and hippies to the minimum I will stop right here.
This place is so good I almost don't want to review it because I'm worried one day everyone will discover this hidden gem. Amazing food, good prices, and always leave loaded.
This place possibly serves the best chicken curry in New York City. Period. No, I dont think mama uses canned curry paste to make her curry because I literally licked the bowl dry and found pieces of ginger and lemon grass at the bottom of the claypot of which both items are normally used in making curry. The pork meal was good as well. Pork literally melt in your mouth. I hope this place stays opened for a long time. Will return next time to try their famous fried rice and take a look at their Malaysian food menu.
Love this place.  Yes it's very hole in the wall'ish but if we lived in NYC this would be our neighborhood bar/restaurant.  I recommend the fried rice all day every day!  Try the ginger wings (not a strong ginger taste..just the right amount).  The owners mom cooks the food and while we were here the owner walked in a bought everyone a drink! AWESOME!  The outside of this bar/restaurant is very unassuming.  The glass on the front door is broken and lighting is very dim/dark outside of the place but don't let this deter you!  Great food and good vibes with local people!
Absolutely amazing food, server brought around free shots, warm and friendly atmosphere. Just an all around great place!!!
This little gem is very interesting. The appetizers were good and the happy hour prices are great. It has a really good vibe and just feels comfortable which is a nice change of pace in the city. It has a cheers sort of vibe where it feels like everyone knows your name.
Jeff, Mama and John are terrific at what they do.  Great food and fun atmosphere.
Very rude staff. We asked to split the bill by paying half cash and half on card and he said that was fine,  he accepts the cash money then brings back the receipt and he has charged the full amount. I told him if he could refund and he was so angry and raised his voice saying "he doesn't split bills" and "[I] need to understand that because it's a small neighborhood bar". I wanted to tell him he should've mentioned that before accepting double payment but instead just waited for my refund and he goes "fine can I just give you cash?" I said sure, he takes out cash and slams it on the bar. Horrible service, never coming back.
Checked it out after reading Yelp reviews. Totally delighted. Jimmy is a great bartender and his mom a memorable cook. The drunken fish soup and pescatore were superb. Super friendly and fun venue with terrific food. Noisy but wonderful. Top marks.
Excellent food.. the chicken curry and shrimp soup are a must try!!! Never experienced such a friendly ambience in NYC
As far as bars go, I have a hard time leaving this place.Fishmarket really lives up to its name by offering items like lobster, mama's seabass, fish soup, as well as crispy fried rice (so amazing i can barely type thinking about it), dumplings, fried wings and other tasty items that will make you forget you are in a bar. This level of delicious food offered at a bar is ridiculous.With drinks in hand, you can dance in the isle to the jukebox that seems to have a never ending playlist that is constantly added by the patrons. People are constantly cheering until the wee hours of the morning.I've also been here during the day, and while the crowd is lighter in amount of people, the fun is still pretty ongoing. A lot of sports fan show up to eat and watch games on the numerous TVs showing different games. Got a favorite local team? You can find your crowd here. Looking for great food, you'll find that here too.
After failing in our quest to find the food trucks we were looking for around South Street Seaport, my wife and I did a quick Yelp search and decided to wander over to Fishmarket Restaurant for a (very) late lunch around 3 PM on a Saturday afternoon. Given the odd hour - and the fact that pretty much everything else on the block was closed up - it wasn't terribly surprising that the restaurant was deserted except for the owners and a couple folks who dropped in briefly. There isn't a lot of work put into decor, with the jukebox and the bar definitely being a bit better furnished than the regular seats, which are just standard tables with standard chairs. However, there's a lot more than meets the eye, which you might question when handed the two pages of menus. One had what looked like pretty typical American fare, while the other had clearly Asian cuisine of the southeastern Asian variety. We ended up going with the latter and ordered a few items to share to sate our hunger.And what a surprise it was! The scallion pancakes came out first, and unlike the typical Chinese (or even Korean) version of the dish, these were quite thin and very crisp on the outside. I appreciated it not being as heavy, but the real winner was the homemade dipping sauce that really adds a jolt of flavor to what I usually think of as a very bready dish. By the time we had finished scarfing those down, the rest of our food came - Mama's Curry Chicken and the crispy fried rice (also chicken). The only negative aspect of the food was the fact that we were only given one small cup of plain rice to split for the curry - a medium bowl to share, or one for myself, would have made more sense...but given we had tons of fried rice, we ended up eating the curry over that as well. Brought out in a small-medium clay pot, the curry sauce had a medium spice that wasn't too overwhelming and a strong hint of ginger...definitely one of my favorite versions of curry across the many different kinds one can enjoy. The crispy fried rice was quite unique; while there may have been some pieces of crispy chicken skin mixed in, the rice itself is quite crunchy, but that adds a really nice texture to the familiar taste of fried rice and was a revelation unto itself. It eats really well on its own, or you can douse it in hot sauce (served with it, which we did not do) or the curry, which amplifies the chicken flavor even more.This was really a cool find that we unwittingly stumbled upon, and if it wasn't for the fact that we don't really live within close walking distance near the neighborhood, I would definitely show up more to chow down for a very reasonably-priced meal. I'd also be interested to see how the American side of the menu turns out as well, but the Asian part definitely gets a thumbs-up from me.
Crispy fries rice with shrimpCrispy fried rice with shrimp($2 extra)  and sausage.Crispy Chicken with white rice ($13)shrimp puffs ($13)Yummy noodles ($6)Everything was delicious. Recommended because of uniqueness of taste and especially texture. The crispy chicken tastes freshly barbecued. The crispy rice lightly crunches with every bite.
Great place! Dive looking but amazing food and service plus free Jameson shots. Perfect hangout local place with a laid back atmosphere. Check it out when your in a financial district for sure.
Delicious food and the owner was incredibly welcoming! The crispy fried rice was probably the best fried rice I've had.
This place is ridiculously awesome. American Bar with malaysian and American infusion food. Friendly employees and of course a very very delicious food ever.
Love this place..  A hidden gem tucked away under the FDR off of Peck Slip. The food is great and the owner Jeff is hilarious. What a hoot!  If you sit at the bar he doles out Jameson shots like it's going out of style..  Mama runs the kitchen and she cooks her goddamn a$$ off..  She's the bomb!  Mama makes a mean drunken fish soup.. the cure for any cold or hangover.  2 menus - typical pub style seafood/raw bar and the Asian menu.. Great $1 oyster specials. Low key, not fancy. They were flooded during Sandy and survived and they have the scars to prove it, the bathroom in particular..  A bit of a dive but don't let that deter you. Though on the fringes of the tourist seaport area you'll rub elbows with lots of locals and peeps who work in the area. Good times ;-)!
Found this awesome place to hang out this weekend. The staff there was really cool and attentive. My friends and I watched some sports and had dinner there. They have a food menu and a full bar. The ambience was awesome. They've been there for years and I can't believe I just found it now. I highly recommend this place.
I'm so torn giving this place 5 stars, because I selfishly want to keep this secret all to myself, but I also feel like something this great must be shared with the rest of the world. Yes, this is my favorite go to watering hole! The food is auh-mazing, shout out to mama who is always in warming my stomachs with her delicious food and our hearts with her smile and hugs! What makes this bar different than the rest is that you'll get no pretentious new york attitudes here. Jeff is as friendly as can be and if you meet him once, he'll be your friend for life. He'll not only remember your name but what drinks you like to drink as well. It give you that "cheers bar, where every body knows your name" feel. I've eaten my way through the entire menu and I can say that there in not one dish that will disappointment. I think I eat the crispy fried rice at least once a week. The curry and the drunken noodles are also fabulous. Not to mention the lobster special Mon-Weds! My fiance really loves their buffalo wings, he calls them the best buffalo wings in the city! You know you have a good thing going when you have the same repeat customers coming through multiple times a week!
This is definitely one of my favorite dive bars in the city.  The beers were reasonably priced (roughly $4 per beer), it's not super crowded, and it has a relaxed atmosphere.I was also pleasantly surprised by the food.  In addition to regular bar food (wings, oysters, burgers, etc.) they also have a section on their menu called "Mama's Entrees" which are made by a nice little old lady.  These dishes are more along the lines of Chinese food, which seemed odd to be at a dive bar, but they were delicious.  The crispy fried rice with sausage is very good and is probably even better after a few drinks (it's still good sober).Lastly, the owner is very friendly brought us multiple free shots of Jameson.  Overall, this is a very laid back, good value bar.  Sure, it's a dive, but dives are great.
Where do I start. I am basing this review on 3 visits to fishmarket. Each occasion was drinking with dinner. If you are interested in a rare combination of dive bar and great Malaysian cooking, this is the place.By dive bar, this bar isn't in the best shape. From the bathrooms to the tables, everything makes this an "authentic" dive bar. They do craft beer buckets for $25 and domestic $25. You don't get those prices in NYC too often. The staff is not afraid to offer up free shots. It's happened every time I've been there... multiple times.But for best part of fish market, the food. "Mama" is in the back cooking her home made Malaysian food. The soy sauce is apparently home made too. I've had the dumplings, scallion pancakes, bock choy, drunken fish soup (favorite), chicken curry (second favorite), spicy green beans with chicken, and a few others I'm forgetting. Everything was amazing. The scallion pancakes were a perfect crisp. Bock choy not overly marinated. Dumplings had a great filling. The fish soup had such a fresh, unique taste that I'm not used to. The ginger makes it appealing for anyone trying beat a cold. The chicken curry had some of the best flavors I've tasted out of a curry. I can go on for a while about this place, but I recommend you just go try it yourself. If you are in the Seaport area and you want a casual drink and some great food, go here.
You would never know that this bar/restaurant would get a sizable crowd of people like it does. It is in South Street Seaport facing the water, and at night it is pretty dark and secluded for a New York business. Yet, there are groups of people making their way out here from all over! Might I say it, a secret gem hole in the wall? This is it.It is not fancy, but there are plenty of tables and seats. They have a few tvs that were good for watching the local sports that are on too. Last time I went I saw a bunch of football fans lingering around after their games were over.The Asian food here is really on point....aka "Mama's menu". The drunken fish soup was probably my favorite, but not for faint of heart. It is loaded with tons of chopped ginger and veggies. It is likely to cure what ails you, or at the very least, help with the tons of Jameson the owner/bartender Jeff serves you up! My table also got the curry chicken and the sausage fried rice, so good that we had to get a second serving for our table. Speaking of Jeff, he is a freaking riot! I think his company alone is worth coming to Fishmarket. Not at all shy to join us with conversation, he is extremely funny and even more generous with his Jameson shots! Besides the copious amounts of whiskey, he has a pretty good selection of bottled beers to choose from. It's a fun place... happy to add this hole in the wall in my list of favorite places to go to.
Best place ever! Asian American fusion - mama's crispy fried rice or banging Mac and cheese. Free shots, family friendly restaurant.
Great people, jameson flowing, amazing mama's wings and laid back atmosphere.  Can't find a bar like this in the area.  Def a go to local spot!  I will be back.
Excellent service. Not many ppl work here but they make it work. We had the drunken fish soup, pork dumplings, pork belly meal and the garlic shrimp. All seasoned perfectly! But the drunken fish soup was a favorite among everyone spicy broth, with chunks of fish and bean sprouts. There is also a juke box fully loaded waiting for you to pick. But what put the place over the top for me was the owner and his mom, so personable and he takes Kameaon shots with you all night!
Little gem in the middle of nowhere I would say.flavorful,fresh,light food. I had ginger shrimps,oysters,fried rice and spicy shrimps. Totally recommended. Service was a bit slow but it was probably because it was a lazy Saturday afternoon.
Stopped in for drinks and a light a dinner. Super dive bar - and the food is amazing. The drinks are huge for Manhattan. We ordered the pork belly dinner and chicken crunchy fried rice. Both were great! The owner is awesome and gave us free shots of Jameson. Definitely will be back.
I've been looking forward to coming here for a while since I work in the area.  Yet, every time I do, the restaurant is closed?????????????????? Seriously, what are people reviewing?From the outside it looks like it is undergoing renovations. I've even called a couple of times during business hours and no one picks up.
Everything we had was outstanding- crispy fried rice, curry chicken, steamed dumplings and pork belly with Bok Choy. I hate using the word yummy but in this case I have too! The chef came out to greet us with her beautiful smile and warm southeast Asian charm. What a great addition this place is in a neighborhood that can lack authenticity when it comes to good food. And John the bartender...  indeed.Thank you Fishmarket for joining the hood - We Heart You !
This place is so fn good. So rarely do I find a place that really nails the triumvirate of restaurant excellence: service, atmosphere, and FOOD! A few friends of mine who live in FiDi showed me this place a few months ago and we had an absolute blast. Service: the staff was helpful and funny to boot. We also got a bunch of free shots at the end of our meal! Ambience: not too crowded, but everyone in the place was having a good time. Definitely a place for young professionals after hard day of work to slug a few beers down. The Food: umami-centric! Yeah, it was essentially fancy americanized Chinese food, but every single dish we had was incredibly savory and left you truly wanting for more.I almost didn't want to write this review so that others don't notice this place on Yelp and ruin it, but my Yelptegrity forced my hand. A really fun time; I will be coming back again and again and again.
It's a restaurant/bar. Overall the food was okay. The best one is fried cod fish. Pricey but delicious. The market price on 7/30/2016 was $32 a piece.
Great food, chill atmosphere, and a really friendly staff basically sums it up here!Came here with my fam for a casual dinner and everyone really enjoyed the food. The staff was also very friendly especially the owner who is hilarious. Will be back and make this a regular location. No frills --just a chill neighborhood hangout place with friends and fam over good food that is reasonably priced and had a decent selection of beers. Good mix in the crowd also though it skews to the younger side given a healthy noise level. Would recommend!Dishes in particular we liked: the pesca bowl, $1 oysters and ginger shrimp!
Jeff, the owner is an awesome host!  The food is very authentic and we will definitely go back for the curry, chicken wings, fried mac and cheese, yummy noodles and OMG oysters.  It's a non-pretentious place for food and drinks where everyone is happy go lucky!  Thank you Jeff for such great fun!
Not sure why this place gets only 4 stars on Yelp. I'd give it 6 stars if I could! Mama's Ginger Wings is the bomb! The batter is crunchy, fragrant and so delicious! It's even more yummy with the sweet chili sauce. Yum yumNext, the pork belly meal is another favorite of mine. The first time I had it, I was unimpressed by the presentation as the meat was black-ish and didn't look good. But the pork belly is absolutely delicious. The fat is caramelized to perfection and the sauce is so flavorful. DEFINITE MUST-TRY!!Yummy noodle, as an appetizer is really good too. Flat rice noodle in curry sauce make a really good combination. Yummmm...and shoutout to Jeff for the free Jameson shots!!
I come to this restaurant once a week with my husband. It has become our favorite hangout. Jeff owns the restaurant and works behind the bar, pouring Jameson shots all night long. His mother works in the chicken and makes AMAZING food. Every week we order 2 plates of sausage fried rice, one pork belly, and then we will try one new thing. We have not tried one bad dish or one that is even just OK. Try this place, and you'll fall in love with mom's cooking!
The food was great and the service was better. Try any of Mama's entrees and you will not be disappointed.  I had the Drunken Fish soup.  It has a lot of ginger, which normally wouldn't be my preference, but this soup was delicious.   It comes in a covered clay pot, with a small bowl and a ladle, which makes it a good option for something to share.  I also had the yummy noodles.  Wide rice noodles with potatoes and clams.  Sounds stange, but it was very  good.  The owners were super friendly and I was happy to meet Mama herself and thank her for the food. I will definitely be back!
The fish and chips and BBQ chicken was good but not quite outstanding. Not a lot of draft beers, and the bottled beers could've used some variety and more cold. Still a decent place to stop by in the neighborhood.
For two weeks, I actually lived in an Airbnb that was directly above this restaurant. Tbh at first, I never wanted to step into this place. It looks pretty sketchy from the outside (window glass was cracked) and pretty non-classy in the inside. I finally went at the suggestion of a friend, who likened this place to a late night spot that we used to go to in college. I must say, my experience here was a very pleasant surprise. First off, the server / bartender is incredibly fun and welcoming, making friends with everyone in the restaurant. He came around pouring everyone shots!Second, we ordered a sausage fried rice, and it was DELICIOUS. It wasn't the typical fried rice you would expect from a Chinese restaurant, it might have actually been better. There were little crispy bits in the dish that made it chewy, yet crispy at the same time. I thoroughly enjoyed the dish and wished it came in a bigger portion.
Came here with a couple of friends randomly and almost missed it walking down the street. Dive bar feels with great company and even better seafood. Brought my mother back when she visited because I knew she could appreciate this place as much as I do. I've had the fish tacos, drunken fish soup, oysters, mac n cheese balls, and many a drink here. Could spend (and have spent) hours at the bar. Super fun place and while I'm writing this I think I've just made it my top restaurant in Seaport
Great restaurant with an AMAZING food with fun vibe and welcoming staff! We went for their classics- chicken curry and fried rice, and both meals were just delicious. The bartender and waiters were cracking jokes and gave us some shots. A casual dinner turned into a fun- filled night. I'm very happy to discover this place in my neighborhood! Prices are very affordable too!
A neighborhood bar that I walk past all of the time, always linger upon the menu, but never go in. A friend has been raving about this place for a while now....chicken curry chicken curry chicken curry...to the point I think I hear it chanting in my sleep. FINALLY, we went for happy hour last night. Fishmarket is def a hidden gem with a grungy looking bar exterior. However, tucked inside is not just a seafood barfood type of place, but also a solid Malaysian menu held down by the owner's very lovable mom. Top it off with the friendliest service and easy going patrons, you're guaranteed a solid good time. At one point (many points, actually), shots of Jameson were passed around by the owner. Yup, that kind of night. On to the food:Crispy chicken fried riceChicken CurryFried chicken wingsYummy noodlesPork bellyFish tacos*All very good, but the standout dish for me is the crispy fried rice. Biting into  those lil morsels of rice crispies and fried shallots make me wanna do the Carlton.
Everyone is family once u step through the door! Don't let the outside bit of this place fool you. There are amazing food and wonderful people inside. Come right in u
Love the environment! The food tastes awesome! Make sure you order Mama's fried tofu skin!
