This place was great! The food is great and the atmosphere is very pleasant.I came in with my dad hoping for some Chicken Tikka Masala and was disappointed when it wasn't on the menu. But then Chef Charles personally brought out some Butter Chicken for me to try, which is very similar to Chicken Tikka Masala. After that, Chef Charles took great care of us all night.The Butter Chicken was delicious--just spicy enough and the sauce had a nice and creamy consistency. We also got the Butternut squash with a coconut curry reduction which I would especially recommend that if you're a fan of rich food. We tried the cauliflower as well, which was delicious-- the perfect Gobi Manchurian.The service all night was great. The staff was very friendly and attentive, especially the chef. He even brought us out some tea & pistachio ice cream on the house at the end of our meal!We will definitely be back to try the tasting platter, which features 80% of the menu. This place was worth the walk!
One of my favorite spots in the city. Do the tasting menu, it's worth every penny. One incredible dish after another.
Consider this a Public Service Announcement. Do yourself and your wallet a favor and avoid this place like the plague. Indian or not, this place is a joke. It was eight of us for dinner and we basically ordered the entire menu. Not a single dish was edible. Everything was too sweet. Plus, the strangest quantities. A side of pickled onions was larger than a size of the main entree. That's not even the worse. The chick peas were limp and insipid. The kofta tasted more like it was dessert (not even a good one!) than an actual entree. The best part was the bread and the rice, but to spend over $300 for what I can buy for $10, is preposterous. So please avoid this place. It is not going to last long anyways. New York is brutal if nothing else. We complained to the server several times and instead of remaking the food or comping some of our meal, he just shrugged and said, today the chef must have made it sweeter. Some experience. One I wouldn't wish on anyone. :)
This place is located in Hell's Kitchen. We stopped there because we saw that Zagat gave it 4.6 stars . It was worth it. We ordered the tasting menu. 50 dollars, and with the wine pairing extra 20 , First they bring you five different appetizers, and after a big plate with 6 different entrees. Tasty, delicious, different, exotic, original. It is a cosy restaurant The staff is very kind. The food was light compared to other Indian restaunrats, The portions were small but fulfilling. You must go if you are there,
Chef Charlie really took care of us last night...we both had the tasting menu which was wonderful! The cauliflower, chicken tandoori & butter chicken all yummy...almost too much foodThe shrimp prawns were our very favorite! Great service! Thank you Chef!!!!!
Thank you to the prior reviewers of this restaurant. Because of your recommendations I traveled several blocks to try the cauliflower, and I was not disappointed. I had the cauliflower followed by the salmon. The food was great and the entire staff was very attentive. I am stuff! I shall return, but next time I'll bring company or only order an entree. Try this place if you like good Indian food.
Hands down one of my favorite Indian restaurants! Exceptional service and great flavors. Went with a group of 5 and all of us got the chef's tasting menu. Amazing deal for the price. $49 for lots of food! My favorite starters were the Gol goppa and their paneer makhani was amazing (not on the menu but you can order it). The drinks were also great.
This is possibly the worst restaurant for Indian food in the city. The service was very disappointing. They forgot part of the order, took forever to get the drinks order and the food quality was way below average. The makhni dal was overcooked and dry, the butter paneer was so sugary and the paneer tikka was hard as rubber. We asked for the food to be mild in terms of spice so the children could eat... That request was not met. Too overpriced for the whole experience. Extremely disappointed overall.
Best food I've eaten in all of HK! Food is absolutely excellent, atmosphere is fun, and service is on par!!!
My friend and I were looking for a place to eat after seeing Wicked. The ambiance was off the charts from street view so we stopped in. Great food, very attentive staff, and clean restaurant. We will eat here again whenever we are in town.
With the amount of Indian restaurants in NYC, Badshah is probably going to have to close its doors if this is the quality of food! Its so bad, its unbelievable!To star with, we got the gol gappas, and being Indian ourselves, we try to not be very critical as there are differences between foods in India and the US, but honestly, it was so bad, like eating sawdust literally. I mean, you can go buy a ready to eat pack and it would taste better. It was a real sad plate of just 5 pooris, with very bland little filling, and horrid tasting chutney, to top it off, it was 11 bucks! Seriously?Got the chicken and paneer after, trying to give it a second and third chance, never have i ever had such terrible chicken, and the paneer was hard as rocks and super chewy and sucked.Paying a bill of 50+ dollars for such bad food, left (pardon the pun) a bad taste in our mouths
My partner and I stopped in for a quick, after-work dinner here around 8pm on Monday night. We were greeted and seated promptly as requested at the window bar (it makes for some great people watching) We had the gol goppas and Punjabi samosas as appetizers and later ordered tandoori chicken, garlic naan and butter chicken for entrees. Each dish was finger-licking good. The tandoori chicken was flavorful and juicy and the hint of sweetness in the butter chicken was great with the garlic naan. Although Badshaah is a self-proclaimed "modern" Indian restaurant, each dish we tried was very authentic and traditional like how my mom makes it. Finally, we ordered the clay pot kulfi for dessert. Think of it as an Indian ice cream, similar to gelato but richer and it was fantastic. It was creamy with a hint of cardamom and topped with chopped pistachios - I was in heaven. Badshaah is a welcome new addition to the neighborhood and I highly recommend it.
The food here was absolutely delicious.  My friends loved the tandoori chicken - so juice and perfectly cooked! We tried a few of their cocktails - Flight to Hell's Kitchen, desi in the city were great, but our fav deff was I am Badshah!! Amazing twist on classic old fashion! You can't go wrong with this one. Best of all their bar tender, Warren, was so chill. Dude was flipping drinks like no tomorrow, all amazing! The place it self is great, clearly decorated by a professional, staff is friendly and overall and most importantly, food is delicious!  Deff coming back for a few dates here.
The staff and chef here are the bomb!! They were so attentive and warm that I would come back just for the service.However, speaking of warm... I was here with a large group on a very hot evening. The air conditioning was off and the water was lukewarm.The drinks that our lovely waitress recommended were delicious - I had the desi rum punch and sassy lassi.We all shared the samosa, pani puri (highlight), cheese kofta, channa, dal, rice and rasamalai(best I've ever tasted). I was surprised that the samosa was served with makhni sauce, it was too heavy for the summer. We thought the food overall tasted like most neighborhood Indian restaurants.Unlike most Indian restaurants, this place has stellar service. Will definitely be back on a cooler night.
I dined here yesterday with my family, and the experience was fair! We ordered the gol gappa and general gso cauliflower for appetizer. The cauliflower was tasty, but the sauce was heavy on the ketchup and needed more spices. The gol gappa was also very bland. Entrees were more enjoyable--we got the butter chicken and coconut curry. The butter chicken was a bit lacking in flavor and not very smooth, but the coconut curry was delicious and probably my favorite dish of the night--it was creamy and sweet, pairing very well with the rice. Servers were great. Overall, the restaraunt serves very standard/acceptable Indian food, but it was lacking complexity and quite overpriced.
I was hoping to love this place, since I'm a huge fan of Indian food and live around the corner. I ordered the chef's tasting menu. Lots of food!! But not all of it was very good. Overall the dishes need more spice and complexity. I'm guessing (based on the other Yelp reviews) that the food here probably tastes good to someone who doesn't know Indian food (or, maybe, is afraid of spice?) but to me many of the dishes were on the bland side. The butter chicken, for example, was a decently-prepared dish, but didn't have much flavor. The lentils were also unmemorable. The lamb was nicely spiced and probably my favorite thing on the menu. The fried cauliflower app was tasty and reminiscent of "65" style south indian apps. The kulfi was actually great but was hard to eat since it came out frozen. Service was very good. I love the idea of this place, and will probably come back (especially given the dearth of decent Indian spots in the area) if I don't feel like trekking over to the east side for curry.
What a disappointment! I had high hopes for this new restaurant, but it really let us down in every possible way. The food was less than mediocre, and the prices way out of proportion. The badshah cauliflower was a small plate of deep-fried cauliflower chunks, tossed in ketchup. If I had to guess, I'd honestly say the sauce is 98% heinz ketchup and 2% asian hot sauce. Texture was mush, except for the bottoms, which weren't covered in ketchup and still had a little crispiness. As far as deep fried snacks go, there are much much better options out there. Seriously, badshah, ketchup?The lamb rogan josh curry was completely unremarkable, tasting like it was made from one of those instant spice mix packets. The sauce was very watery and very salty, without any real body or flavor to it. For $22, it was pretty meager and didn't even include rice ($4 extra). I'm also not sure why it was advertised as "lamb knuckles", since it was exactly the same indistinct little lamb pieces found in every typical lamb curry.The butter chicken curry was the only dish we enjoyed, and it was pretty typical butter chicken. Just a mild chicken curry in a thick cream sauce, with small pieces of boneless white meat chicken :/. It didn't come with rice either.  Pick a random Indian take-out restaurant and chances are they will have better food at less than half the price. In this area, I'd recommend Desi Deli (on 10th).As for the restaurant itself, the decor was very cheaply done, and the air conditioning did not work at all on the 90 degree day we stopped in. The service was awkward, but I guess that can be expected since its new. When we had to ask for water, the waiter snapped at another employee, yelling for her to get us more (warm) water. The fact that they had no air conditioning was only made worse by the fact that they had no ice, and I'm not sure why they let the tap water sit out in warm bottles before serving.They really put the Bad in Badshah! Sorry had to get that out.
I'm not very familiar with Indian food but my girlfriend is so we came here after a concert. Everything tasted great and the servers were very friendly. The cocktails were also very very good. Will probably come back in the future whenever I'm in the city.
Okay. My problem with this place is that they false advertise. Firstly, their happy hour is "2 drinks for 1" but they actually do second drink free! This is SUPER BAD! And they add 20% tip for a party of two in their check!!!! And they RECOMMEND to give 18% extra tip!!! A butter chicken and two drinks costed me $52!! Food was good though! Don't recommend it!
We came here one night after visiting someone at mt. Sinai west late at night and was drawn in by the interesting decor for modern Indian cuisine. I wouldn't recommend the mussels but the butter chicken is really nice and flavorful, perfect with either garlic naan or rice. We also got the Paneer Tikka which came with a really good mint sauce. Love the music in here too. Service was attentive.
On our first night in town we scurried to hellsKitchen in search of a place to eat dinner. Every restaurant was 45 min-2 hour wait and we walked by this place and popped in on the night before opening- what a find! We consider ourselves lucky to have walked in with no wait and received impeccable service! The tandoori chicken was the best I've ever had! Must try the samosas too! Friendly fast service and great food! Must go!!
Amazing reinvention of Indian food!!! Go for the tasting menu - it is spectacular! The lamb and lentils are fantastic! Try the cauliflower- I could eat it every day. The coconut curry was delicious and the sauce of the quinoa tikki scrumptious!
I went here with my a friend of mine and we ordered the Gol Gappa, Butter Chicken and the Butternut Squash curry. Overall, I was a fan of the food. I would rate the place a 4.5/5 because the gol gappa fell a little short of perfect (the chutney was a little too tangy for my taste) but still an excellent dish overall. I was a huge fan of the squash curry and will go back for this dish. What topped off my evening was the ever so attentive and most humble chef of all time, who was very attentive to our needs! His mixed pickle should be on the menu! Delicious food, and an incredibly hospitable staff. I plan on going again soon!
All the chef and staff are so friendly and patient to explain each cuisine to me.
Went here for the first time after a few friends recommended and have raved about the food. I was a lil hesitant at first because I've had my fair share of bad Indian food. My girlfriend and i noticed that they have a tasting menu. So, naturally we went for it. Looked at the cocktail menu and ordered a cocktail, the I Am Badshah which was superb. A great take on an Old Fashioned. Loved all the appetizers, especially the cauliflower and the tandoori chicken. I normally will not order tandoori chicken because they're typically dry, it's was perfectly cooked and juicy. Then we had our main dishes in a Thali. That was absolutely exceptional. There was not one curry that was not my favorite.  amazing Naan bread. Best I've ever had. Of course after that we had the Pistachio - Cardamom Kukfi (Indian ice cream). Not only was the meal amazing, but the staff was very attentive. Not overly, but just enough. We actually had the wine pairing as well and the bartender Warren came out and poured the wines and explained why the wines went with the dishes. They really know what they're doing there. I appreciate the fact that they included a 20% gratuity which in my humble opinion should be the case. My son works in the industry and more often than not guests just don't seem to know how to tip.  especially tourists. There was a table next to us that asked to remove it and they gladly did. Then I noticed after they left that they left the same amazing server (Shrinkhala) who's taken great care of us a $2 tip on the same tasting that my girlfriend and I had. We especially love that the chef himself, Chef Charles comes out to personally great and see how each table is doing. He even sat down at another table when they asked about the dishes and he excitedly chatted with them. They clearly wrote on the menu that a gratuity of 20% will be added to every check. My girlfriend and I felt that the staff deserved more than that so we gave them more. I've always taught my kids to tip their servers well. If you want people to take care of you, you in return take care of them. If you can't do that, stay home or go to McDonald's. Well, we definitely enjoyed our amazing meal there and have already thanked all of my friends for recommending the place and i will definitely be back soon. Even if Igo by myself.
Brand new and delicious. There was a full house on their second week, and no questions why! Very friendly staff. Delicious food with beautiful plating. Get the Manchurian Cauliflower. It's very flavorful - tangy, spicy and sweet sauce. Crunchy on the outside, soft of the inside. I recommend the cauliflower over the samosas. The Coconut Curry is super good; complex flavors and textures. Got it with the roasted sweetpotato. I would do this again, although I want to try everything else now. Good luck to you guys! Looking forward to coming back.
First time in Hells Kitchen & was looking so forward to an excellent meal. The waiters were attentive & helpful. We ordered the Chef's Sampler. The appetizers were nice, especially liked the Badshah cauliflower. The Butter Chicken & Naan were fantastic, & the goat dish was nice. The coconut curry was a bit sweet & heavy on cream. The remaining entree dishes were not very tasty.  Was an expensive meal & we were a bit disappointed.
Very excellent and very high quality. My friends and I were delighted with the selection, preparation, and presentation of everything that we ordered. Loved the progression of the interior.  The staff is delightful. And the chef, who came and spoke with us for a few minutes, made our evening.
Everything was amazing. We had the butter chicken and curry salmon. I wish we tried the dessert options. The garlic naan was also very yummy!
The food was good, the server very nice but damn! The bartender was extremely loud and obnoxious and killing the vibe of the whole place. Please recognize your crowd and calm the eff down. I doubt I'll be going back.
The food here is great. The tasting menu comes with more than enough portion with variety of curry.  The only reason I gave it a 4 start is because of the price. Personally, the price of drinks is way too expensive and thought the food was a bit pricy as well.
Hey Fellow YelpersI came to dine in last night even after the previous reviews (which I don't agree with at all). I opted out for the cauliflower as it is there star appetizer and I was quite surprised it has the crunch and a slight sweet but salty flavor reminiscing very closely to General Tso Chicken which I highly recommend. I also order the chicken tikka which looked as amazing as it tasted. And for the entree I had to try their version of butter chicken, and let me tell you it is as decadent as it can be very creamy luxurious sauce (plus I told them to make it spicy for me; and yes they can bring the heat if you like). This butter chicken tasted very closely how I had it in India miles and miles away. Lastly on the bread, I ordered the garlic naan which was fluffy on top and crispy on the bottom and just heaven with tiny bits of garlic embedded in the naan. I don't have a sweet tooth but when I try to sweets I'll let you fellow yelpers know.
Awesome place! Great service, delicious food. Cool wall art and music. You won't find the "typical" Indian menu, but what they make is all outstanding. Also super accommodating for people who have specific tastes.
The food was divine and the portions very generous but the staff were the highlight of our evening. Every team member was a pleasure to meet and they made us feel like VIP's. I loved that they now have Rose on tap and it's GOOD! Thanks Badshar, if we we're locals you'd be our new local. V&J.
We stopped by last Friday when our original idea had a line out the door - what a find! We started out at the bar, and then moved to a table. The owner/head chef was buzzing back and forth between the bar, tables and kitchen, checking on everything. He and the bartender had great banter as well - apparently they've been friends for ages, and the sign came from a mustache competition they had years ago. The staff were a lively and fun group, we all did a shot with them before we moved to our table. Bartender made great recommendations for food, prob a safe bet to let him just order for you : )We had:Cauliflower app - do NOT miss this, SO GOODGol Goppa - yes, yes, yesPunjabi Samosa - came with an amazing sauce! Rogan Josh - excellent, perfect amount of spice Butter Chicken - on the sweeter side, but it was a great compliment to the spicy Rogan J. Paneer Tika - perfectly grilled Naan & Garlic Naan - delicious, but not overpowering It's out of the way for me, but I will be back! Thanks for a great dinner guys!
I live across the street from Badshah. I have been going to the restaurants in that slot for almost 8 years now, from the cheap Thai place to the Eatery reincarnation (the short-lived Jones) and now Badshah.  The quality of the food is going up with each iteration, although the prices are going up, too.I've been twice now, once within a couple weeks of opening when they still didn't have their liquor license, and this week, when they have a full drink menu. I had high hopes for this place and I can happily say the food is really good. This neighborhood needs a bit of a culinary kick.I've had the butter chicken and the cheese kofta.  Both are delicious and beautifully presented, with complex flavors and textures. This place seems to have the classics with a twist - they're doing more than just high quality ingredients, there's definitely creativity going on here too.  Love the mango lassi and the mango lassi rum cocktail. Rice is delightfully fluffy without being dry. The naan is similar - light and crispy but not at all dry.  Both the rice and naan come in generous portions.If only I could say the same about the entree portions. For $19, the cheese kofta is two cheese croquettes the size of testicles.  The butter chicken portion was so small there wasn't enough sauce to eat with even half the portion of rice (ordered separately). Service is generous and attentive - perhaps overattentive.  The over-solicitous service will probably tone down some as the restaurant gets its footing and is more confident about what is working - as it is, i think i had three different people asking me more than once how everything was - over the course of less than an hour! But they are super helpful - and when my curry sauce ran out and they saw I had rice left, they brought me more from the kitchen! Also very helpful with the menu and everyone speaks english (Sorry, but I really do appreciate english speaking staff). Price is the sticking point with this place, though.  Portions are small for the price.  (I'm not that guy, I promise! I love big-plate-little-food restaurants! I happily pay $30 for an extra mouthful of foie gras over at Le Bernardin!) The problem is this place is pricing like it's a destination restaurant, when it really feels more like a date-night restaurant.  With this quality you might be able to get away with these prices in the Village or in the depths of trust-fund-funded hipster Williamsburg. Sorry, this is 9th avenue and 52nd street.  You can't charge $20 for a vegetarian entree that doesn't even come with rice and have tinny music, second-hand chairs from the defunct diner on the corner and those backless square metal stools at the window seating we've all tried to avoid at the dive bar.  You also need some dinner specials that aren't the $49 tasting menu that the whole table has to order.  $14 cocktails? I don't think so, you're too far from midtown for expense-account after work drinks at the bar and you'll need the local regulars to stay open. You need deals to keep people coming back - this should be a neighborhood place.Anyway, i hope they figure it out. The food is delicious.
I did a delivery order from here once, cauliflower appetizer, paneer tikka and malai kofta, the food wasn't bad, but it was nothing great. I thought it was ridiculously over priced though!
In brief,Food: The cauliflower was outstanding, and the coconut curry was great. The garlic naan was very light, and very flavorful. The Chickpea masala lacked oomph in comparison to the coconut curry. None of the food tasted like classic indian cooking, which is fine since thats what the restaurant is going for.The gulab jaman were ok. Mango Lassi was delicious.Service: Every server we spoke to seemed new, but were very cheerful, and very excited to serve us (lol).The chef came out and spoke about the dishes, which is great.Setting: Nice, bright open space, very cool even on a hot day, plenty of elbow room at the shared tables, and the big open window makes it feel very relaxing.Definitely worth a visit, and even a re-visit.
Excellent location, excellent atmosphere, excellent service, and excellent food. It was just what we were looking for our first night in town. I would have given it 5 stars, but the cocktails, which were well designed, fell very short of good quality. Between my wife and I, we tried four different cocktails, and each tasted as watered down as the one before. Stick with the beer and wine!
Chef Charles is amazing!!! I came her with some friends on a Thursday. We got seated rather quickly and we were catered to by the welcoming and attentive staff. We started off with the Cauliflower app which was amazing and could be a meal on its own and then shared the Butter Chicken, Chickpea dish and Curry Samon w/ Rice and Garlic Naan. Everything was shareable and my favorite was really the butter chicken. The portion of rice and naan was big enough for us (3) to share and we left extremely satisfied. The atmosphere is really welcoming and it was nice to be checked on by the Chef. All in all I feel like I've found my new go to when it comes to Indian restaurants. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu. It's really that good.
The buttered chicken is the best! And you have to try the cauliflower. The bartender Rose is friendly AND makes a good drink!
Super innovative Indian food! Great lively atmosphere. Would highly recommend for a delicious and fun time. Tip-Sit in the window and people watch!
We did the tasting menu and had two of their signature cocktails. Every dish was incredible, but their coconut curry and boneless tandoori chicken were to die for. The service was also excellent and our waiter Sunny was attentive, friendly, and very knowledgeable. A+ all around!
This restaurant is brand new, we happened upon it on its opening night eve (the grand opening is scheduled for tomorrow). We had a party of 3 and decided to split several of the menu items. We had the fried cauliflower appetizer, the tandoori chicken, samosas, butter chicken, rice,  garlic naan, and we finished with the pistachio cardamom ice-cream. The food was incredibly fresh, hand made on site, and absolutely bursting with flavor and deliciousness! The service was prompt, warm, and friendly. The atmosphere was cozy and relaxing, with a cool urban vibe. We had an amazing time here and I'd highly recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for tasty Indian food in an inviting environment!
The food is too sweet and creamy. overall kinda expensive compare to better and cheaper place. won't come back...
Thanks for Badshah in the neighborhood. Amazing food and excellent service. I love butter chicken n dal is fantastic.
Amazing experience! The food was done to perfection. A great menu, with a nice variety to choose from. The butter chicken is a must! Above all, the service was excellent. Looking forward to my next experience.
Fantastic new restaurant with excellent service and authentic Indian food! Make sure you try the mango lassi and the boneless tandoori chicken! Will definitely come back soon :)
Great little place down in Hell's Kitchen. Excellent service and amazing food. Highly recommend the Daal Makhani and the Lamb Rogn Josh. You have to try the cauliflower appetizer - amazing.
The food is beyond description - delicious!!!  Wonderful ambiance.  Cannot decide whether the food or service was better.  The staff is delightful.And they are generous.  They brought us plenty of extras.  The lentils are prepared almost 2 days.  The coconut curry is made with pride. This place has only been around a few months, and they go the extra mile to make sure u remember.  Full bar, too!  Ask for Sunny.  He will make your dinner one to remember.  What a find after a broadway show!!
Amazing one of a kind flavors that makes you want to come back!  Definitely recommend the Chef's Table so that you can enjoy a wide variety - it will leave you full!
Went here for dinner as a group of four. Very pleased with our experience. Other Indian restaurants in the area have been mediocre at best but badshah was a pleasant surprise. The food was excellent, especially the lamb chops and naan. They are new so service had a few kinks, but our waiter was incredibly welcoming and eager to please. We definitely plan to return.
Wonderful place, can't speak highly enough of the staff - so kind and welcoming! The food was delicious but just a tad on the sweet side. Would have loved it to be a little more savory. Wishing Badshah lots of success!
I placed a pick-up order for the Butter Chicken through Yelp (Eat24) at this place today, and when I got the dish and brought it back to my office, I was dismayed to find out they forgot to include the rice. I contacted Eat24's support to remedy the situation, and the restaurant told her that their entrees don't come with rice. First of all, this is the first and only case I know of where an Indian restaurant doesn't serve rice with their dishes. Meat-in-sauce dishes in Indian restaurants ALWAYS come with rice. Everyone eats them with rice. Moreover, this was a $22 dish, so are they really that cheap that they can't throw in some rice with it? And if they ARE that cheap, then at least they could point out the fact that their entrees don't come with rice, either somewhere prominent on the menu or when I was there to pick up the food ("Sir, I just wanted to point out to you that we're very cheap, so our entrees don't come with rice. Did you want to order some?"). I looked back at the menu afterwards and saw basmati rice tucked away in the "side order" section on the menu, with a $4 price tag. Seriously, guys? I don't care how good your food is or isn't, but if you're so greedy and penny-pinching that you are going to charge $4 for a "side order" of rice with every dish, you're going to have many annoyed customers who won't be coming back.
Checked out this new Indian restaurant before a show. Small, yet spacious and clean. Service was very attentive. We ordered the butter chicken which , by far, was the BEST I have ever had. Creamy and full of spices, so full of flavor. My bf loved his lamb Rogan josh.  The samosa appetizer was hearty and I loved the accompanying dip. Highly recommend!
Had a wonderful meal here. The service was warm, friendly and very attentive, and the food was excellent! Highly recommend the butternut squash coconut curry  Chef Charles is delightful, and cares about every dish and every diner like family. Oh, and try the ice cream!!!
Went when it just opened.  Great addition to the neighborhood and great chef.  Can't wait to see how they grow as they get into a groove.
Badshah has become one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.  The food is exquisite - my go to dishes are the cauliflower for my appetizer and the butter chicken for my entree.  The fusion of tastes from different parts of the world with traditional Indian are unreal! I would recommend all first timers try the tasting menu to sample all of the delectable goodness!
Service was good but the food was ok. Nothing special, on the expensive side for Indian food. My friend's shrimp dish only came with 3 shrimps. Will not come back.
We choose this place based on previous yelp reviews and we were not let down! We we're able to make a reservation for 3 and when we arrived we were promptly served. The service we received was so friendly and attentive. We started out with the cauliflower appetizer then shared a serving of rice, garlic naan, butter chicken and butternut squash coconut curry. For three girls, this was more than we could eat, but we stuffed ourselves because each dish was crazy good! Easily the best Indian restaurant I've every been to!!
The food at this place was to die for. Chef Charlie really takes care of each individual customer and makes sure they leave super satisfied with their meal. Special shout out to the Southern Style Mussels, Fisherman's catch and the Salmon.
The cauliflower appetizer was delicious. I had the lamb ryun josh which was a great level of spicy and tasty. The garlic naan was fantastic.My only complaint is that the pricing is off for the food. $12 for two samosas is a bit steep. And the courses were mostly around $20 without any rice or naan included. Seemed a bit expensive for what you got.
This place is amazing! We ordered the tasting menu and it was fantastic. The only problem is that we had so much food that we had to take some home. LOL :) Chef Charlie was so sweet and pleasant and was constantly checking on tables to see how everyone was doing. My sister is lactose intolerant so they made special dishes just for her when what was in the tasting menu contained dairy. The staff are attentive and nice and made sure we were happy. I cannot recommend this place higher! If you're in town, please take time to go to this fantastic Indian restaurant. Just do it the day before you leave so you have time to enjoy the leftovers.
Everything was amazing including unique and flavorful appetizers, superbly made drinks and excellent entrees. Coconut curry was particularly impressive.
Fantastic chef, amazing food, great service! Leave some space for the best kulfi in the world!
AMAZING food! The chef is incredibly kind and excited about his food. He came out to meet us and talked to us for a while, all while giving us additional free food. INCREDIBLE PISTACHIO ICE CREAM AND COCONUT SALMON. The green curry cream sauce is SUBLIME, the butter chicken with garlic naan was Amazing and Chef Charlie came out to our table to explain it all to us - Unbelievably delicious and the service was great as well.
Great neighborhood addition. Living in London, I became obsessed with Dishoom and its flavorful modern cooking. I've been searching for its NYC equivalent, and Badshah is the closest I've come (Babu Ji was also great but is now closed, though they share the same executive chef).
Food and service was amazing. Had the cauliflower as an appetizer (so yummy) and the salmon in one of the best curry I've ever tasted. So happy this place has opened up in my hood. Will be back for sure.
Dined here twice last week, once with a small group and once for a large party of 16. Both times, the staff was courteous and helpful, and management/ownership was accommodating and responsive. Now the most important part - the food was great. Easily one of, if not the best Indian restaurants I have been to in NYC. Generous portion sizes, well seasoned, and authentic with a modern touch. I would recommend Badshah without hesitation to all who are looking for a great Indian meal with wonderful service in a quirky and fun atmosphere.
Awesome service.  Better food.  Been there twice.  Just wonderful.  If you're looking for good and innovative Indian food this place is for you.
Very nice waitstaff, overpriced food that requires side orders. The tandoori chicken was perfectly done, while the lamb roganjosh had too many spices. There are deficient vegetarian options. The restaurant itself is very loud.
I was hooked by the Boneless Tandoori Chicken: it was honestly *amazing*. It was super succulent and slightly sweet, I was beyond thrilled with the dish. Between the chicken, the friendly and entertaining bartender (we sat at the bar) who crafted some pretty wonderful summer-esque drinks (as a Gin girl myself I loved "Flight to Hell's Kitchen", it was pretty first class) and cute concept I'll definitely come back for a second taste.
The staff was attentive and environment pleasing. We loved the cauliflower app and butter chicken. We were surprised the place had only been open 2 weeks. Not to be missed
Not a great experience - took much longer than expected for the food to arrive. They served the whole restaurant open air style when it's only 55 degrees outside - food got cold within 15 mins. People had to wear winter jackets. One of their dishes tasted literally like General Tsao's Chicken deep fired - except it was cauliflower. Only redeeming items were mango lassi and the naan.
Love everything. Consistently fresh, delicious & upscale fun indian. Cauliflower is an absolute must
New favorite restaurant in Hell's Kitchen. Tried the samosa, chicken tikka, and lamb knuckles. All were great but the chicken tikka was amazzinggggg. Melt in your mouth. Lamb was great too, on the spicer side but I enjoyed that! Come soon!!!
Yummy! Please, read JohnnyPrimeC. C.'s review. Oh, we drove over an hour to enjoy dinner with Charlie and his welcoming, caring, wait staff. We wish we had taken out extra meals.
What a great experience... First of all the staff is super friendly! Everyone was clearly trying their very best to keep us happy, they were super attentive without being obtrusive. Everyone should feel welcome and comfortable here!!! The service is professional and classy but without the condescension or aloofness one finds in restaurants trying to sell their exclusivity. This place is always busy but that doesn't mean that they take their customers for granted on the contrary every guest is treated with the utmost courtesy and attention. Badshah's staff doesn't have to put on airs, the food speaks for itself!!! It is a truly welcoming and happy restaurant.Now about the food... What a tour de force of culinary excellence. We had a variety of dishes probably sampling at least 80% of the menu. This food was by far the best Indian food I have ever had period!!!  The food was extremely fresh, the flavors aromatic and complex, well layered while at the same time offering a pleasant subtly. All of the dishes, every item we had was unique and creative; everything was delicious but some standouts were the clove smoked lamb chops, melt in your mouth lamb with a deep rich flavor, the coconut curry was mind blowing, the butter chicken out of this world, the tandoori chicken was moist and succulent with incredible flavor. I could go on... I can't say enough good things about this place. What a find! A rarity in the Indian restaurant scene in NYC... a place that is making modern, creative, and interesting great food! No greasy vats of mediocre curry, bland buffets, or tired naan here. Just really great creative food that riffs on classic dishes elevating authentic flavors to truly world class standards.
This small Indian spot in Hell's Kitchen is a find for original, inspired food that is without doubt a cut above in originality and presentation. The chef is young and creative, the room simple but stylish, and the service warm and gracious. We went for a casual meal to celebrate a birthday and started with the cauliflower, which is reminiscent of sweet and sour pork with some unexpected Indian spice kick. The chef uses star anise and cardoman generously in his dishes but with style. The vegetarian lentil bean stew (cooked for days) was deeply satisfying and flavorful for our vegetarian, the salmon and squash (separate dishes) in a coconut cream curry sweet and rich, and the lamb masala was extremely well-prepared and a decent portion. They also brought a small free dessert due to the birthday which was also delicious. Prices are reasonable especially for the quality. Only complaint: some very uninteresting pop/dance music on the sound system. Choose better music to keep up the atmosphere.
Indian restaurants in NYC have been quite disappointing in more recent years. Thankfully, that is no longer the case now that the city has Badshah. The establishment as a whole is charming, from its decor to the staff. But the food is a true knockout. Chef Charles Mani's dishes are innovative, well-thought through, and deeply satisfying, whereas other Indian modern restaurants clearly take shortcuts. Ingredients are fresh, fresh, fresh. My company of four had the chef's tasting menu which included appetizers: Badshah Cauliflower, Quinoa Tikki, and Paneer Tikka, followed up by the Badshah thali meal. The cauliflower was a stand-out appetizer--perfectly crunchy, sweet, and tangy. Haven't had anything like it. T'was amazing. And the quinoa tikki and paneer tikka were equally delicious, with house made mango ginger chutney that was balanced in all the right ways. The paneer was not some boring grilled cheese object floating in a sauce meant to disguise, but instead, a stand-alone fragrant morsel of goodness, nutty and sweet. Also tried the clove smoked lamb chops which were grilled to perfection, and the green mint chutney rich with tamarind. Meanwhile, the thali meal included additional items that were not redundant in flavors but innovative, savory, and well-spiced curries along with naan and rice with fried coconut shavings. While the dishes have spice, it is not overwhelming spicy. Rather, the spices raise the flavor profiles of the fresh and tasty ingredients of the dishes themselves. I have lived in India for 2 years and NYC for 7 years. Badshah is where it's at. I couldn't be more confident about the superb experience you'll have at this place.
