The samosa chaat was really good and was a big portion.  You could probably eat that alone if you weren't too hungry.  I decided to try the Aloo Gobi due to the other reviews but the cauliflower was quite bland except if you bite into the peppers.  I would skip it.  My date had the Palak Paneer and it was a solid winner.  I'm glad I was able to try it.  FYI, parking can be tough especially during peak hours.
This place sucks because the owners are cheap and unprofessional. We hosted a wedding there and they were so nasty and uncooperative! The chair coverings are filthy! We had to demand that they wash them before we decorated. They disregarded our photo booth by placing tables in front of it making it inaccessible! The area where the food was served was unkept and poorly presented. The staff started cleaning up while our party was still going on throwing out favors. The dessert was frozen and inedible! Horrible all around! Never again! The rail to the bathroom broke during the ceremony, which meant they closed off the presentable entrance and we were left with the staff filthy entrance! The kitchen was disgusting! The bridal suite was unkept! The manager is an ass! The staff are just as rude as their manager and owner! I hope that place burns to the ground!
Fantastic! It's a solid neighborhood Indian restaurant with excellent service. I've tried at least 5 different dishes on the menu and they were all delicious. It's my go-to Indian restaurant when I'm in that part of Queens.
Food was delicious.  My mom loved it. And she's really hard to please when it comes to food.
I ordered the tikka masala from seamless and was given a delivery timetable of 1hr. My food arrived 25 min earlier than expected and the portion size was enough for three meals.. needless to say I had enough left overs for lunch and dinner the next day. I will definitely be ordering from here again.
I went there for lunch and noticed the take out price and dine-in price were different for the same exact meals. The owner had an attitude and wasn't very welcoming. When I walked into the restaurant he did not greet me and was talking on the phone the whole time. I left. There's way too many competition to eat at a restaurant with bad service. Save yourself the time!
Overall my experience is not bad . We went there around 8.30 and the place seems so quite. No customer except us. We ordered chicken tikka masala and palang paneer with garlic naan and onion kulcha ..the naan was great specially onion kulcha was exceptional. Chicken tikka masala is good as well. Will go again to test the other menus.
Never ate desi food before. Thought it was the same as west Indian food but eating here changed my views. Their chilli chicken is delicious and even though I've had Indian food elsewhere since I ate here, it's never compared. This place is top notch and their food is delicious. Their prices are also extremely fair.
This place is pretty inconsistent.  I think they may have two different chefs that work different nights.  One is great and one is terrible.  For example I have ordered the baingan bharta many times.  On most occasions the dish is delcious, red in color, slightly oily, and nicely spicy (medium) but on two occasions it was light in color (pink), creamy (with what appeared to be cream in the dish), no spice at all and absolutely disgusting.  Some other dishes are no good at all and some are excellent. You really have to know what to order and need to get lucky with the good chef.
What a great find! The food arrived still hot and ready to be served. Suggestions: Chicken Tikka Masala as your meal, but don't forget to start with Samosa Chaat and an order of Naan. Everything was delicious and will definitely order again!
After months of passing this place I decided to finally give it a try. This place is close to my home so that's a plus. But the outside looks old and abandon so I hesitated. Anyway, about the food. I tried the tandoori chicken which was very dry and the samosas which were very good. The prices are very high but the service was great so I decided to try something else another day. Two weeks later I tried the Tikka  Masala  and fish fritters.  The fish was too spicy and lacked salt and the Masala was flavorless. Oh well... I gave it a try. If the prices were lower I would give it a third try. But, this place is too expensive for my taste.
Tasty Tandoori salmon I love itI had tandoori salmon and palak paneer with roti. I tried this place bcoz of the reviews and am glad that i tried :)
I really enjoyed this restaurant.  While the atmosphere needs revamping, the service and food more than makes up for it.  Everything is delicious!We ordered curried lamb, Kerala fish, and Madras chicken as Maddon course dishes.  They were fantastic!  The garlic naan was fantastic and the chicken 65 and cauliflower loon(?)were both great.  No doubt-5 stars.
A great chicken tikka masala here, which is a large portion and comes with a large side of rice. It was large enough for 2-3 meals. The garlic nan also came as a significant portion.Great pricing, amazing portions, and very tasty.
Just got take out here omg the food is delicious ordered the chicken tikka,aloo paratha, garlic naan...tandoori chicken...everything is fresh and delicious...can't believe I never tried this place it's my neighborhood. Will be back again plus the staff looks really nice and always smiling.
I was a little bit disappointed tonight when they called and let me know that they couldnt deliver my order because their vehicle broke down. Maheet from the restaurant asked me if I can pick up the order; sadly I couldnt (hint: that s why I ordered for delivery) and has to cancelled my ordered; he apologized and told me that he will refund my money back.. I guess i have to wait and see... will update...Sadly i have to give 3 stars only because I was craving for indian food and they couldn't make it..
The food is always delicious just the right amount of spiciness that I like. It's a bit out there but I like the service I get so definitely don't mind the drive to Queens village. Will continue to get Indian food here...
My friends ordered the lamb. I didn't eat lamb but they said it didn't have much taste, in fact it was missing some salt.Butter chicken was good. I had mulligatawny soup, it was quite good.So overall a mixed bag, but the lamb didn't please any of the 3 who ate it.
I just catered a party from Rajdhani this evening, and everything was delicious and perfect !  In fact, this is the best Indian place that I have catered from in Queens for a dinner (I am Indian, and have tried many places in Floral Park).  The food was delivered on time, and ample for the amount of people we ordered for.  We ordered:*  Dahi Chaat (Appetizer)*  Gobi Manchurian (Appetizer)*  Lamb Rogan Josh*  Bhindi Masala*  Navratan Korma*  Chicken Chettinand*  Palak PannerI highly recommend the chicken and lamb.  The Chicken Chettinand was extremely spicy, but excellent never the less.  They use really juicy New Zealand lamb, so the Lamb Rogan Josh was very good as well.  I don't like vegetarian food, but from what I saw, the guests really liked the Palak Paneer and Bhindi Masala. Keep up the good work !
Excellent food. Wonderful service. Will go back again! I'm vegetarian and they have many good options. My friend isn't and loved the chicken. They are very accommodating and when we asked for a substitution they did so without charging extra as many places do. Overall great experience.
Good little spot in queens for some Indian food! Ordered a chicken Vindaloo, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chaana Masala, garlic nan, and some vegetable samosas. All the entries were absolutely delicious. The samosas were a little too over cooked and greasy but besides that a great experience and great service!!
I wish Yelp had 0 stars. It doesn't, so one star will suffice for now. Where do I begin? Ordered the paneer tikka masala (spicy), but it came mild. On the initial presentation, the curry was brown, whereas traditionally it has a orange hue to it. There was no aroma to the curry, on taste, it was bland and quite honestly tasted like cardboard. Unfortunately I had to send the curry back and have them make it spicier. Believe it or not, the curry tasted even worse. The curry had a repelling, bitter aftertaste to it. I truly have no words for how bad this was as my palate literally couldn't tolerate it. For reference, I would rather eat a bowl of my own regurgitation. This is no authentic Indian food. Please do yourself a favor and do like I did, eat at the falafel cart on the corner.
I must say that I was not expecting much after having a bad experience at a different indian Restaurant, but I loved my dish here.  I have the chicken Vinaloo (Spicy) and garlic Naan.  It was flavorful, fresh, colorful.  I will be ordering from here again, just cant believe I have worked in the area for 13 years and never tried the food here.
3.5 starsWas in area hoping to get a lunch buffet (the sucko Yelp search fails with those details...) and disappointed not to get that.Still, the lunch offering was pretty good chicken curry and garlic naan were good. Hoped to get a saag paneer tho. Good service too. Maybe next time.
Incredible Indian food.The restaurant was empty on a Friday evening which usually is a bad sign. The air was thick and humid. The place was also eerily silent. However, after a few minutes they put on some Indian Pop music videos which added a level of whimsical authenticity to the joint. Along came in many loyal local patrons picking up food to go, which to me was a good sign.My girlfriend was said the dimly lit restaurant felt like a fake Bollywood movie set and I agreed. The place was also eerily quiet but they put on some fun Indian Pop music videos.The ambiance definitely has a twilight zone type vibe. Despite the weird setting, the Indian food was one of the best I've ever had.We ordered a sag paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Garlic Naan, and Poori bread.Being a spice addict I also ordered the Chicken Vindaloo. The Sag paneer was delicious. It tasted like creamed spinach you get in a steak house with a little kick. The paneer itself had a slightly firm but not too firm texture. The Chicken Tikka Masala was velvety and had just the right amount of sweetness to it. A perfect marriage of sweet and savory. The pieces of white meat actually tasted like real chicken unlike other Indian joints with overly dry and crumbly pieces of chicken.The Chicken Vindaloo was the best I've ever had. It was clean and crisp and not overly greasy if that's possible. I asked for it extra spicy and they The pieces of chicken were dark and juicy. There were also chunks of potato which soaked up the spices nicely.The poori bread was slightly greasy but the Garlic Naan was pretty awesome and not overly doughy.Rajdhani offers some high class Indian cuisine in a sketchy neighborhood. If you feel like you are tough enough, you should definitely give this place a shot.
I really love this place. Delicious food, excellent service and reasonable prices. Best Indian restaurant in queens/long Island area.Goat curry and garlic Nan is so yummy. When you crave for an Indian food visit this place.You won't be disappointed. :):)
Ambiance: Nondescript exterior; interior minimalistic; downscale location.Service: Attentive, plentiful, and friendly; best I have experienced in an Indian restaurant. Entrée:  $9.95 and upFood: In contrast with many reviews, I have to say that Rajdhani really only serves a selection of westernized dishes. However, in this genre it shines. The chicken tikka is marinated and made in the tandoor to near perfection for this class of eatery. The tandoor made naan was flawless. The baigan bhartha (roasted eggplant mashed with chopped onion, green peas and spices) was delicious.Summary: Good food, great service, affordable. The bomb.
The food was amazing! Clean and comfortable We were out looking for a really good Indian food experience and we found one!  The food and service was excellent.  The staff was pleasant and accommodating.  And our dish was extrodinary.  Try this restaurant if you in the area, you will not be disappointed.BTW, Yelp offers a 10% off coupon :)
I always go this restaurant coz their food delicious even the waiters are nice I gave my friends and they told it's worth and thank you guys
Ordered the Garlic Naan and the butter chicken. It was yummy. The sauce for the butter chicken was really good. I asked for mild but there was certainly some heat in there. I guess there version of mild is still spicy lol... When I was younger I couldn't really handle the heat. Now luckily I can otherwise I would of been drinking the entire container of milk.  I plan to try a few more items in the future.
Love the Indian food here. Can't go wrong with their butter chicken / chicken makhni.  I think that's how it's spelled. If you're a first timer to trying Indian food that's a good dish to start with IMHO anyway.
The food was too pricey and the lamb was really salty. The restaurant was empty and really quiet, it kind of made me feel like I was at a library rather than a restaurant.
Wow, what happened to this place? We used to come here for dinner and the food was cooked to perfection however, we came here on Sunday there was a table ocuppied and 2 waiters. We ordered almond chicken, butter chicken, and a lamb with ginger. The sauce for the almond chicken was so thick that I couldn't even dip it with my garlic nan. We asked if we can have more sauce and the waiter checked with the kitchen to which they said no. The butter chicken did not taste the same and was bland. They must have changed chefs. However, the one thing that changed for the better are their tables and chairs which they added more of. However, I won't be coming back.
Rajdhani is the place where u can get the authentic Indian food. They do have great variety items in there menu We had the chicken tikka and aloo paratha with yogurt sauce. If I could give more than 5 * I will give it for the service.  I am happy I tried this place :)
The restaurant is part of a larger reception hall next door. Came here on a Friday evening and there were only 1 other table. The restaurant itself is spacious with around 10-12 tables. My wife ordered the chicken tikka masala and I ordered the Fish Briyani. The samosa was a bit dry and lacked flavor. The Briyani fish was flavorful but the mixed jasmine rice needed some extra spice. The dish came with a white, tangy yogurt sauce which to me doesn't mix well with the jasmine rice and fish. The chicken tikka masala was nice and juicy with very tender chicken and very generous portions for $12. The wait staff was attentive and helpful.
They used to Deliver but, they don't Deliver food period anymore. In fact I think the delivery driver that used to work for them was either fired or deported. There food has really downgraded from 1st Class to 2nd Class Indian food in my book. Whenever you call on the phone to place an order the guy is RUDE.COMDon't get me wrong sometimes they have excellent food and sometimes there food can be disappointing.The place looks empty but, thats because they have Parties and Events on the weekends. On the weekends they have a Strict dress code policy, coat check to the extreme, they even have a Metal Detector that you walk through with heightened Security.
Great service. Food looks and tastes great. The person who help me getting the order was very polite and courteous. I think there are so much empty space in this restaurant that can be filled up. Maybe can be turned to a dance club on certain nights, since it has the potential and the full bar. Some people left three stars for interior design! Yes it might not be the best design and for sure it can use few touches, but the food is yummy and delicious.      A+
Nice food, good service, odd unpleasant greyish lighting. Palak Chana and Garlic Naan were excellent. Muligatawny soup only okay. Lovely fragrant white rice. Would return regularly if it wasn't overpriced for the small serving size.
Place does not cater to vegans.  The waiter told me they have NOTHING on the menu for vegans.  First place I've ever gone to in New York that does not make alternatives for vegans.  Smh.
had to write a review 15mins into my dinner with my boyfriend here. it's amazing. the service here is great, very quiet, gentle & the food oh my goodness deliciousssssss. had to finish my review after the dinner because once the dishes came out I was feasting! my boyfriend got us the sweet & mango lassi, basically smoothie-like drinks and my...great. appetizer, we had the chicken pakora and they bring a small hard taco-type thing I believe is roti with two sauces that were DELISHH, I dipped the pakora in the sauces and oooo the taste.had chilly chicken, butter chicken & another dish with my favorite...naan! was so full not even halfway through the dinner had to pack it to go.for dessert we had the infamous rasmalai, very small portion but good enough for me cause I was already so full! it's like sweet lemon milk with two soft cakes mmmm, definitely coming back whenever I'm craving brown food!had a tinyyy incident during the dinner, just a bug my boyfriend killed but the manager/owner was so attentive and assuring and came over to us to tell us he has the exterminator come ever so often but I didn't mind when I usually would get so grossed out because it was so nice clean and calm in there! plus the food..too good. they're an amazing place, will definitely be coming back!
This place blew us away. The service was outstanding, and the food was great! It was my cousin's first time trying Indian food and he's now in love. We had the Chicken Tandoori, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Garlic Naan. The chicken was tender and flavorful in both of the dishes. The naan was light and had the perfect amount of crispiness. We shared everything and had plenty left over for each of us to eat again. We will definitely be back! Also tip: first time you check in, you get 10% off the bill :)
Ive been craving Indian food all week but didn't feel like making the trip out to my usual places. So, I decided to check this place out based on the reviews on here. SO GLAD I did because I have just found my new go to Indian spot! We stopped in for lunch, and the place was empty. Not big of a deal since a few others mentioned the same thing on their reviews. The Interior was nice, and also had an A rating for sanitary inspection which was important since I always look for that. Here's what we ordered:Garlic Naan: The best I've had so far. I've been to a good amount of Indian restaurants in NYC, and have even been to India. So believe me when I say not only was it good, it was really spot on authentic. It was light and crispy on the outside, but soft and chewy on the inside. You can tell it was fresh and well made. We couldn't just have one order!Chicken Tikka Masala: So freakin good you'll want to lick the bowl clean. The sauce was so smooth and creamy, with the perfect amount of spice and so flavorful, while not to overly heavy on the tomato. Shrimp Goan Curry: My husband ordered this dish and devoured it. I was only able to try a little bit but from what I had it was very good. Shrimp was cooked perfectly, not overdone like most places. Curry sauce was delicious as well. We ordered it mild, and they made it perfectly.Vegetable Palau: For those who don't know, this is a rice dish with different vegetables. Flavorful, and a good hefty amount of fresh veggies cooked in for those vegetarians out there. What I also liked about this dish was that the veggies weren't overcooked, or stale.For desert we had the rice pudding. Tasted homemade, just like something your grandmother would make. Not the store bought, pre packaged large bucket kind of rice pudding! They were even kind enough to give it to us on the house.Just go ahead and give this place a try! You won't regret it. Yea, the neighborhood may be sketchy but don't let the outward appearance fool you: this is definitely a hidden gem!
These guys are some of the friendliest and hospitable hosts. They are always considerate of my two sons when I bring them in and that is just the service. The food is probably one of the best Indian I have had in the city. The Chicken Masala is cooked just right and juicy and their flavors are just outstanding. Their portions are generous and I never had a bad experience there. I have never been there when it was busy but have seen some of them have a catered party next door.
Food n service is A+ rated. Highly recommend. I am surly to come back. I just love the spice of all Indian cuisine and this place add to my love for Indian cuisine.
I frequent this place very often. For dine in or take out. I have been so for almost a year now and have never been disappointed. They are super friendly here and have great tasting food. My favorite dishes are the palak Chana and baigan bartha. (Vegetarian) I also love the naan! They give a nice amount of food. I always have some for the next day. You get alot of food for your money. I have introduced several people to this place and no one is never disappointed..... you won't be either! Stop in and check them out ! =)
We were hungry and craving Indian food. And this place delivers! Perfect answer to a stressful and cold rainy day. Ordered : mulagawtawney  soup... Delish. garlic nan ..delish. Chicken paneer..delish Lamb in almond sauce..delish.. And this was prepared mild as requested. Good food that was easy to reheat, and we have more than enough for 2 to 3 dinners tomorrow.
Was reading yelp for ideas for dinner and came across the reviews and we decided to give it a try for take out. We ordered chicken tikka masala, chili chicken, the paneer, and garlic naan. We I arrived I wasn't to pleased with the appearance but it was too late now.The chili chicken was recommended by the host and I must admit that we were pleasantly surprised. All of the food was tasty and piping hot when I got back home (about 15 min drive). Personally I wasn't too happy with the naan, but my wife said it was good. I would definitely go back and looking forward to finding a new dish.
Review is for the take out! I ordered from seamless.com and was surprised that they were a few places in the area to choose from. I choose this because it had a reasonable lunch special price.I ordered Lunch special=tandoori special which comes with tandoori chicken, chicken tikka, malai kebab and vegetables served with rice, a choice of naan or roti (i got roti), and dessert ( i got rice pudding). All for $8.95, plus I got $2 samosa!!The food came within 30 mins and the delivery guy was nice and there was no need for signing or tips cause its all included on seamless. And he called right when he was turning the corner of my block.I was overwhelmed with how much food I had gotten it was good enough for at least 2-3 people! The tikka was delicious and full of flavor, the tandoori was great, the malai kebab had a good balance of spices, the rice was good, the roti was gigantic! and the rice pudding was small but good...I didn't want a big dessert anyway it was probably the only rightly portioned thing for a single person lol. and the samosas were gigantic crispy and yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.!I have nearly half of everything for later lol!I'm def ordering again! great surprise and it was delicious.
Oddly enough, I live a few blocks away and never tried since it opened many years ago. I always passed by it but always thought that it wouldn't be good as the Jackson Heights joints. I have been too quite a few Indian restaurants there and had some high expectations. Please read on to see how they scored with me.Atmosphere:The atmosphere was calm and relaxing. Low lighting helps keep it more intimate despite the large open floor plan of the restaurant.Wait Staff:The staff is friendly and very attentive. Always filling my water glass without asking and checking on us to see if we needed anything. Its almost as if the wait staff received training at a fancy Manhattan restaurant. The amount of attention was definitely above what some mid range joints. Maybe I was lucky, I don't know, but I have visited a total of 3 times over the past 8-10 months and each time service was impeccable.Food:Appetizer: I dont know if this counts as an app, but each time I ordered the Garlic Naan. It was perfect each time! Yummy!! Entrée: I generally order Lamb or Goat and usually a Vindaloo or Roganjosh, depending which is offered. If they have both, I also ask which is the spiciest and order that with extra spice! =)In these instances, Vindaloo was the choice and extra spicy was not an issue. Portions were abundant!! More so than most of their competitors in Jackson Heights so far. Taste was also a slam dunk! I loved all the huge bold flavors in Indian food and they absolutely brought it. So that generally means they are fairly consistent on how its prepared!Drink: n/aPrice: I think they are also slightly lower than most of the Jackson Heights Indian joints, but I only have gone 1 time over the past year to a restaurant in Jackson Heights. Price for Goat Vindaloo + Lamb Tikka Masala both with rice and 1 order of Garlic Naan was approx $33 and after tax was $35 even.Overall:Its a hit. Great tasting food each time I have gone at a good price. A++ for being right up the street! lolSo you don't have to travel all the way to Jackson Heights to get good Indian food!Bon Appetite
The food was fantastic.  We started with the mixed grill and then had the lamb vindaloo, the saag paneer and some garlic naan.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  We asked for spicy and they delivered.  In addition to the delicious food the service was stupendous.  I have been to fancy expensive restaurants and the service here was exponentially better.  My water glass never got half way down and they were all wanted to ensure that our dishes were prepared to our liking.  We will definitely return.
I went there for an early dinner on Sunday, and it was dimly lit and very empty. Despite the not so great atmosphere, the food was excellent! My boyfriend and I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Korma to share. The sauces for both were really creamy, and they weren't spicy. The Chicken Tikka and Chicken Korma came separately of the jasmine rice. They gave us a big bowl of rice to share between the two of us. The portion sizes were just right. We also tried the Garlic Naan, which was really good. Not the best naan I've had (I prefer my naan to be more fluffy than their's was, but it was still great naan). The waitstaff was very nice and attentive. They were helpful when we asked which dishes aren't spicy (my boyfriend is very sensitive to spice), refilled our water regularly, and checked to see if we liked the food. I think my only complaint would be about the prices. THE PRICES ARE DIFFERENT FROM THE ONES ON THE ONLINE MENU! I looked at the prices online before going, and appetizers were about $2, and the non-specialty entrees were about $10. But the appetizers were actually $3.95 and the entrees were $13.95 for the most part. This was somewhat disappointing since I was expecting it to be cheaper. But overall it was a good experience, and I would go there again.
Came here with my girlfriend on a Saturday night around 7pm. There was a loud Caribbean party next door, which hurt the atmosphere. The service is friendly and attentive, keeping out waters filled. We ordered veggie samosas as an appetizer. They were a bit greasy, but the flavors were okay. Main course I had a chicken curry and garlic naan. The curry was a bit thin and not spicy enough, and the chicken pieces were a bit stringy. The garlic naan was slightly dry and didn't have that soft sweetness that many tandoor ovens give naan. Overall the food is mediocre, but the service is quite attentive and friendly.
CTM is delicious.  Went there tonight. Of course a staple dish at most restaurants but the chicken tikka masala hit the spot with amazing flavor and heat.  I also enjoyed their Chicken 65As well, the waitstaff frequent your table to see how you are.  I will definitely return and try other dishes.  In sum, both great food and service.
Truly amazing Indian food. Lunch special is a great deal. You have a choice of one meat, one vegetable with rice and plain naan..plus dessert. You will have leftovers. It's $10.95 from 11am - 3pm. The place looks nice...not to fancy. They have great service. I feel like this place is a hidden gem. Totally worth trying. I have been to Indian and this food is authentic Rajasthan style!!
Loved the food!! Had a fish dish in amazing sauce, cauliflower that taste better than chicken, garlic naan, and chicken skewers. Everything  was seasoned to perfection! ...And the only thing that paralleled such great  food was the wonderful service!! Our waiter was Tony. He was so helpful, informative, and kind. The air conditioner was broken, so he comped us a bottle of chardonnay. And the prices are awesome too!! Love this place!!
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!We are very picky when it comes to Indian food.  The food here is always consistently fantastic.  The garlic nan is better than any we have had in Queens.  We always carry out but the dining area is always clean and diners are present.  If you love authentic Indian food, this is the place for you.
Best Indian food in queens. Try the chili chicken and get some takeout. The portions are generous and the the bar is great. The vegan and vegetarian fair is top notch!
The food is amazing. I love love their goat and chicken biriyani. Their food is flavor full. The only Thing I wish they would change is the ambience of dine in area. The staff is friendly too!
As soon as you walk in there is about 8 tables and a full bar. The staff was very friendly and refilled my water almost every time it was close to empty (I drink a lot of water). The thin cracker they give in the beginning was good and so were the sweet and spicy sauces they give. For our appetizer we ordered vegetable samosas, they didn't have much flavor and were very greasy.  My main course was chicken curry and an order of garlic naan. The chicken curry medium was not consistent, it was not spicy at all but some pieces were super spicy. The garlic naan tasted like toasted bread.. Flavorless. I don't think I'll go back.
Incredible Indian food in the area. Great pricing and portions of tasty food. Large, clean and wonderful dining area with outstanding customer service. I always go there with my friends and with my family. Nothing negative to say about this place. // Drinks available // Party hall also available.
Shh, don't tell anyone I told you this but, you're really missing something special until you try this spot. I went for lunch yesterday and came back for dinner tonight (with a party of 4). Fantastic selection of veggie dishes. For meat eaters there is everything you could want. I'm not going much further than to say yummy, yummy. If you know what I mean (I'm a foodie and I am sooooo happy right now :-))  ...smh
Absolutely delicious Butter Chicken. It's a huge portion and more than enough for 2 or even sometimes 3 people.Barely any consistency issues, but at times the Garlic Naan could be overly burnt, and one time the sauce broke and it looked like an oily mess. I've been looking for a great Indian Restaurant for a while and have stopped going to the local one that was never consistent, and I'm really glad I found Rajdhani!
Foood here is amazing. My boyfriend and I have tried nearly every dish. Great service, clean venue, fresh well seasoned and spiced food... Its our favorite spot for Indian food. I live in Manhattan and  we travel here 2-3x a month just to visit these guys.
I am leery of restaurants that are nearly always empty, even on a Saturday night, but there are surprising exceptions, and Rajdhani, near the southeast corner of Hillside Avenue and Francis Lewis Boulevard, is one of them.  This place  is too far west of Bellerose to draw its Desi population, so it modified its business plan so that revenue largely streams from the attached catering hall (and most of that from food which is not even Indian).The result is a quiet restaurant that is terrible for people watching but that compensates with attentive waiters, fair prices and an extensive menu whose offerings are so consistently well-prepared you could essentially throw a dart at it and be happy with your dish.  Servings are ample; you are likely to take some home. Methinks you would have to travel west to Jackson Heights, Astoria and Manhattan or east to Hicksville to find better Indian cuisine, and even then. . .
Indian food!!! =))) Well to my surprise this place was good. This place is also huge if they open up the walls. One thing that was distracting the bartender did was turn on the TV and put the news on. Food wise they are good, not the best I have had but for the location they are very good. I think the best dish was the Chicken Madras. We asked for extra spicy and they accommodated us. Thumbs up!All in all good food and good prices.
Service was terrible. There was a party going on at the same time and the servers were slow and seemed lost. Did not know which table the food was going to.  We ordered the veggie samosa which was ok. Chicken tikka marsala was good. Baigan bartha was eh.  The rice was way undercooked.  Mango lassi was terrible. We found a hair in our food.  Truly disappointed
Ordered three dishes; butter chicken was good; goat curry was not good, it looked good but was oddly bland despite being asked for extremely spicy; aloo gobi was not made with mustard seeds but with mustard, and was bad. Bread was good but not hot; likely it was taken from the buffet table of the party going on in the room next door. Tea was Lipton; halwa was not good. Brightly lit, large space with few tables spread out makes it look like a cafeteria. Not sure what the other reviewers rave about, this is not noteworthy; service was friendly.
The best Chicken Tikki Masala I've ever had . So full of flavor and heat . I also get a double portion of the garlic naan EVERY time . Extremely efficient service, tho I've only had the take out . The ambience of the dining room seems welcoming and it's large enough for big groups . Plus a full bar . Can't help but be a good time !
Food is very spicy. But sooooooo good. This place is right by my job so I always pass it. Finally had the chance to check it out & i'm glad I did. The staff were nice too. If you love spicy indian food, u will love this pl. definitely recommend it.
I ordered a take out chicken tikka masala and chicken 65, food was very oily food,
Came here for my buddys birthday who looooooves indian food. I was a bit skeptical be ause this place wasn't in nyc but i was happily surprised. I ordered the tandoori chicken and tthe portion was huge and tasted amazing. Overall, the hospitaliy was great and the food even better. Based pn the reviews, i will need to order lunch from here next time i am craving indian!
Came back here for dinner and dined in. The service was excellent and the food was delish. Started us off with a complimentary food that I am completely unfamiliar with. Started with vegetable samosas. My friend found a little eyelash on hers so they comped it. Could have been her hair, but who cares? Free food. She also ordered a beer and I got a cocktail off their drink menu. It was fruity but made with top shelf liquor so it was strong and good quality. We also ordered tandoori chicken, basmati rice, garlic naan bread, and a spinach and cheese dish. Everything was delish. Portions are more than enough. Meal was a little under $50 due to drinks, but was worth it.
Lunch special- asked for tandoori special, asked to leave out tandoori chicken and double the tikka or malai kebab, but I think they just left out the tandoori chicken and didn't give extra of either two. Aside from that all the items were excellent taste and quality. Palak paneer was delish, the paneer was decadent and creamy.Shrimp balchao- delish, the shrimp were a lil sub par but the flavors were great overall.Ill be coming back for sure. This place has great flavor and dishesChicken tikka masala- wasn't the best. Wasn't very good at all. The chicken was prepared fairly well. The gravy was too sweet and just meh.
We just returned from a family dinner (nine of us) that I held at Rajdhani.  Everyone enjoyed the food and though the portions were plentiful there was nothing left over.  Really delicious!  I very much liked the attractive bar area.  Waitstaff were exceptionally attentive and accommodating - this is a real plus.  Shrimp Goa was notable - perhaps the best dish we ordered. The shrimp were properly cooked - not overdone.  Goat malabar - also the goat was properly cooked - falling off the bone with great flavor.  Part of me thought the goat needed more spice, part of me thought that I was glad it was not too spicy as this allowed the flavor of the goat to come through; so I'll call the goat perfect.  Chicken Tikka Masala - a classic standard dish was properly prepared but not exceptional - maybe some fresh tomatoes to increase acidity.  The Chana masala was absolutely delicious - well spiced and the chickpeas were not over cooked so they didn't break down into bits but rather remained whole and flavorful.
Very good, I had the vindaloo chicken and  my boyfriend had the chicken Tikka masala, both were delicious. The service Is  great, they are very attentive.So here's the problem, we left the restaurant and maybe 10min after my boyfriend had to jump out of the car because he had to throw up. I'm not sure what did it, I was fine. Truth be told I'm not sure if it was the food but just thought I'd put it out there. My experience was good, his not so much.
All I can say is WOW! I never expected the food to be as good as it was. Local restaurant that I pass by almost every day and tonight was the first time I ordered. Delivery took about 35 minutes, well worth the wait! The chicken tikka masala paired with the aloo paratha was orgasmic, absolutely delicious. I also ordered the chicken biryani, served with a generous amount of boneless, tender chicken cooked to perfection in a wonderful, spicy harmonious blend of goodness! Needless to say, I'm very impressed & will definitely order again!
I've passed by here for years and never knew it was so good. This is authentic Indian food. I would recommend it to anyone!
Great food! I'm addicted to indian food and many places makes it differently. But this is one of my top 3. Will definitely be back again. Great service. And very spacious. Came on a Sunday evening. My gf and I were the only ones at the time. The waiter was very polite. They have a full bar.. They do not deliver nor they take reservation. Can't wait to go back again soon.
I ordered pickup over the phone, and the man who took my order was very courteous, paying fine attention. I ordered chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, and naan. He took my order carefully and asked if I'd like the dishes mild, medium, or spicy. I hadn't known that I had the options among those, so it made me smile to see he was attending to details. I went to pick it up and payed there- the place was empty at the time. In terms of portion size, the meals were VERY generous. In terms of taste, tasty and finger licking good. The experience overall was DELICIOUS, and I will return for more. Prices were reasonable.
This food was delicious... I ordered the chicken vindaloo and it was perfectly (spicy!) seasoned and the naan was great!  I took my food to go and ordered some mango lassi that hit the spot while I was waiting.  I'l definitely be returning, soon - can't wait to try their buffet.
The restaurant had a stink when we entered.we ordered aloo tikki as starters. It was not even close to being an aloo tiki.The main, course. Dal makhani: One of the worst taste, ever. The gravy of butter chicken and Paneer tikka masala, was the same , same color and same taste.It was my worst eating experience. The rice that came , was undercooked.I don't know, how people liked it earlier , but this is my todays experience.
Wow! Absolutely great menu with tons of choices.  Great service too. I went with my family on a Saturday evening to celebrate the graduation of my niece and nephew and my brother's birthday.  There were seven of us. Tony, who was our server, was always smiling and pleasant.  We had a million and one questions about our food and he answered all questions accurately and with a smile. He even adjusted the spiciness of all the meals to each of our specifications. The presentation of each dish was also excellent.  The food was delicious and members of my family who are always scared to try different types of food were satisfied with their dishes. The prices are reasonable as well. Tony made the evening a great success and I will definitely be back!
Chicken tikka Malasa is yummy sauce is great and food is fresh place looks empty like everyone else says ... Def go back again
Came here for lunch. Noticed place was completely empty. Two guys wait the fining room not very attentive even though I said its empty!!! Lol howeverrr I did have tandoori chicken with garlic naan that made up for it! Very delish my cousin had the lamb biryani my first thought of it having a game flavor but it was very good! Spices are just right! They have a full bar! Be back soon
Got the chicken palak and my boyfriend got the chicken masala. The portions were very generous!! One dish is probably able to feed 2 - 3 people for about 10$. Getting a good amount for that price!! Both were very good but the garlic naan was okay, wasn't garlic-y enough.
AWESOME Indian food. And for a great price. I've been here many times and they have never failed me. If you like your food more spicy, like me, just let them know and they will accommodate for you. Literally anything on the menu is delicious. You can't go wrong. Must try!!
The food is good but for lunch dining in they did not have lunch menu, so each entree is about 14 dollars, and they do not come with nan, for the two of us we ordered two entrees and a garlic nan, after tip and tax was 40. I think that's too expensive for lunch. The waiter told me take out they have lunch menu, so don't dine in for lunch, order take out instead if possible.
Love it!I really love this place. Delicious food, excellent service and reasonable prices. Best indian restaurant in queens/long Island area!
Great food. We had main course and dessert, which were both well made and quote authentic. Quick service too.. I never write reviews but this place was such a pleasant surprise that I had to show my appreciation.
I used to go to an Indian restaurant in Brooklyn that I loved but they closed. I was so happy to find a place in Queens that wasn't on the other side of Queens and didn't have weird decor and served my favorite things. I ordered meat samosas and lamb bhuna with naan. The samosas were perfectly seasoned and had the most meat I'd ever seen in any. The lamb bhuna was flavorful and the naan was standard yumminess. The service was also above par and I'm looking forward to more visits and trying more dishes.
You know a dish is delicious when you take the first bite and you just shake your head. This is what happens EVERYTIME my coworker and I visit Rajdhani. I've eaten at many Indian restaurants across NYC and I must say that there is something very special about the food here.1. You can't beat the lunch special prices. Less that $10 for 2 dishes and rice and nan? And large portions? Almost unheard of. Two people can share one special, but since my coworker and I are greedy, we each get our own. 2. There's an extensive selection of dishes including meat, seafood, and vegetarian.3. I've had all of their vegetarian dishes and they are each really good. My favorites are the palak chana and shahi paneer. Special mention to their gobi manchurian and okra (bhindi).Give this place a chance. Especially those who live in the area and haven't stopped by. You won't regret it!
We are blessed to live so close to what has to be the best Indian food in NY.   Very, very flavorful and can be hot, medium or mild as you like it.  My only complaint was that they were out of Indian beer the night we came.  Usually not crowded but I expect (and hope, for their sake) that to change as word gets out
Just had a great Diner here, 4 of us and it was great, service is 5 stars, food was great we got the yelp discount and one desert on the house - can't ask for better Sunday night diner with the family - and the most important - food was real good - thanks!
We have eaten at  rajdhanj  indian Restaurant many times  and always had great food and excellent service. Highly recommend for this restaurant.
Went here because of the good reviews and it wasn't far. Good service, average prices, average taste. Chicken tikka masala, butter chicken, and chili chicken are some of my favorite dishes at indian restaurants. It tasted average compared to other places I've had it but because it's local, I'll probably return.
Unfortunately I moved and am too far from what became my favorite restaraunt. I look forward to making the trek back to Queens just for Rajadhani! I continue to recommend this place to my foodie friends.
Been looking for a great indian restaurant for quite some time. This place was very impressive to say the least. The atmosphere is really nice and the service is great. The food was so delicious!!! Will definitely come again...
It's good  atmosphere to dine in.. Food here is delicious n service is quick.. It's better than Jackson heights to have indian meal..
They serve really good quality food. When i went there, i ordered chicken biriyani and Chicken Madras. the waiters were polite and nice. they always came up to us and checked on us and re-filled the water. In general i would recommend this restaurant to everybody.
Went for a dinner on a Sunday night. We were the only customers there at 8pm which was unusual for a restaurant. The Dal Makhni was dry. Malai Kofta was bland and Paneer Tikka was ok. The rice was a bit uncooked as well. The portions are small so we ordered another Paneer Tikka. There was a long piece of hair in it so we returned it. They were nice enough to offer free dessert but we decline. The manager came to us and said it has never happened before and was apologetic. **Most of these reviews are by non-Indian customers** Being Indian myself, I would not recommend this place for an authentic Indian experience.
We are visiting in the area and ate lunch at Rajdhani today.  We ordered the Lasooni Gobi as an appetizer and loved the flavor -- lots of garlic and just the right amount of spice.  The sauce for the Mutter Paneer was excellent and my husband enjoyed the lamb tikka.  We ordered our food a little bit spicy -- not too hot and it was perfect.  Everything tasted fresh and like it was made with quality ingredients.  The staff was attentive and checked on us to ensure the amount of spice was right.  Everything was clean and the décor was nice.
This place has such good Indian food .. I  found this place on yelp.. We were the only ppl in the place when we got there .. Went for dinner and there food is fresh like they just cooked it ... I recommend the chicken tikka masala so yum! And they have me 10% off!
This place is my favorite indian restaurant period.  Lunch specials are so big you get two meals out of them... Chewy, delicious naan, absolutely perfectly cooked dal and Chana. Best korma I've ever tasted.  This place should be packed with people every minute it's open
Very tasteful abd great prices for the tour of food. 100% worth trying. Well I will always return and I love the customer service. Keep up the good job.
The food here is delish!! I really like the chicken tikka masala and the potato naan bread. Pretty much everything here is delish (like the lamb) and they deliver. I only have one problem with them, which is a few times I've ordered the tikka masala and have gotten thigh meat which I am not a fan of.
This is probably my new favorite place for delivery. Scratch that, it IS my new favorite place for delivery. I can't speak for the actual restaurant, as I've never been inside, though I live close enough and pass by pretty much every day. It just so happened that I "discovered" this place as a result of my carelessness. About a month ago, I was at my boyfriend's place in Forest Hills and we ordered an Indian dinner. On the way back to my house, I realized that I had forgotten the leftovers in his kitchen, which was about 3/4 of the meal (so sad, I know). One day later, and I was craving the meal I had so badly (palak paneer), so I created a seamless account, and saw Rajdhani on the very short list of local restaurants for Queens Village. I ordered their palak paneer, naan, and garlic naan. Oh my goodness...it was delicious! There was so much food so it lasted me a few days. I've ordered again from Rajdhani about two or three times since then. Their malai koftas are just okay, though the naan is always so fresh and soft; it's probably the best I've ever had. I wouldn't say that this is the best Indian restaurant, but it's still pretty damn good. Anyway, I'm glad I found this restaurant. Delivery is fast and the food is really good.
Went years ago with my coworker and the food was good. Went back recently with my cousin for a late lunch and no one was there. We called hello and waited 10 minutes and left. Would try going again because I remember how good the food was.
For pure excellence at crafting taste to their cuisine, I give 5 stars. That includes color, texture, spices and heat. It was nice to see the garlic nan was carefully prepared to show the topping evenly distributed. For attentiveness of waitstaff to "check-in" an appropriate amount of times, I give 5 stars (despite an unusually long time to pick up my credit card payment in a sparsely populated dining room). For having a decent amount of drink choices, I give 2 stars. They were out of ALL red wine options, and we had to order food based on a Savignon white wine choice- instead of the other way around. They get an extra star for having some interesting seeming lassi cocktails. For ambiance I give 1 star. There is no decoration, no private booths, and the adjacent hall had a party going on and separating us was only a really crappy thin dividing wall, which, as u might expect, filtered the noise thru instead of keeping it on their side.
we were disappointed by the fact that they don't have   lunch buffet. Instead they havelunch specials for dine in and take outs.a little pricey but  good food .
on the second visit we had chicken madras and navratan korma. can't decide between which was better! both were out of the world!!! didn't expect the navratan korma to be so super good! excellent customer service...
