Great for lunch pick up. Had the chicken tikka masala and chicken tandoori over rice w/ naan. They did reheat the chicken tandoori in the microwave which threw me off slightly but it tasted good nonetheless and i'm sure it was prepared fresh. Great flavors, good portion, great price. Would come back next time i'm craving indian food and in a rush. Service was quick and good.Update: I just tried the naan and it wasn't great. I've definitely had better, would still return to this place
Didnt even eat the food, Service was so bad we had to walk out. The waiter was rude, obnoxious and cocky. There was one other client in the restaurant that was also upset at the service. The waiter is the laziest person I ever seen in a restaurant. The waiter spilled water on my legs while serving. One of the clients asked the waiter why are you so lazy. His response "if the customer is good Im good" what does that even mean? This place is a joke, I dont know how they are still in business. The owner really needs to know what goes on in there. We sat for 20 minutes without being acknowledged. I never been this upset in my life in a restaurant.
First of all Thanks to all Curry Heights Team and chef.I again got chance to visit Curry Heights with my friends for Lunch today.I had Combo lunch there.It was so tasty and enough in quantity food,We enjoyed our lunch.It reminded of Indian Home made food.Thanks
It seems the low rating reviews are mostly for the delivery from here, because eating in was a pretty good experience and the food was delicious. Maybe it also had to do with the fact that it was pretty empty with it being between Christmas and New Years?Anyway, our server was helpful in suggesting a few vegan options from the vegetable curry section, and I went with the Mixed Vegetable Curry. It had a great combination of flavors, a little bit spicy-hot but nothing that made my mouth burn or anything. It also wasn't super heavy or oily like some curries I have had elsewhere.Service was good. Our water glasses were refilled a few times without us needing to ask for it, and they gladly brought another bowl of rice when we requested it. The only weird thing that puzzled me was that the entire time we were there, they were moving giant metal racks through the dining area into the kitchen from outside. Just not something you'd expect to see while eating dinner.
I have JUST ordered from here via grubhub and I have to say I am very upset and disappointed by the delivery person who just showed up here. I receive the order and I give him money and ask him for change so I can give him a tip. He then proceeds to suggest how much I SHOULD give him because it was a big order (which I can assure its not) before giving me the change back. This is seriously disrespectful and unprofessional.I feel I will not be doing business with this place again.UPDATE: I am very sorry. I gave this place another chance as the manager seemed sincere in apology after my first bad encounter but this time I felt was even worse. I ordered lunch before 12:30 from here. I was notified that it was to reach me between 1:05- 1:15. I didn't receive the food until AFTER 1:30. I called the number only for it to not be ringing. I called customer care who also had an ordeal trying to reach the restaurant with the number provided.  This is bad. I try very hard to not be like customers that are rude and feel self entitled but this time I am sorry to say this was unacceptable. To make it even more awkward upon receiving the food the delivery person made 2 excuses under one breath of why he was late. A) it was really busy and B) It is really cold outside. However there are several places on both Remsen and Montague that deliver to my office on a daily basis for seven years and they have delivered despite cold. I will not tell anyone to eat here because when all said and done they need to see for themselves. However (though in my mind I honestly feel the establishment does not care) I feel that after 2 times of being burned I don't think I will go for a third time or any other time in the future.
We came in to get take out on a Saturday night (yes, we are lame).  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Most importantly, food came out within 15 minutes!  I really liked my chicken vindaloo (some place put too much vinegar, but not here).  Rice came with the order but we also ordered nann.  I would add this place to my take out/delivery list, because it is also very close to where I live.  Please note the decor is very minimal if you are looking for a nicer dining in experience.
I have been here with my friends. Chicken tikka biryani was awesome(spicy). Chicken biryani was good. Veg-biryani was ok.Bad thing- we sat there for an hour. No one bothered to serve food. Still I gave a good tip for the tasty food.
Worst service ever. The waiters are just on the phone talking and ignore you. You stand there like a fool for a good five minutes and no one ever come to you.  Avoid at all cost.
Not the best food out there but depends on what you order obviously. It is overpriced. It's like paying 11-12 dollars for an entree that is worth no more than 8. The restaurant has extremely dim lighting and the tables are nicely spaced. Beautiful ambiance but food is not worth it.
It's the worst kind of beef vindaloo.  Beef felt like old tire.  My husband had to spit out most of the meat because he simply could not chew.  Plus overall food wasn't good at all - seems like too much spice of one kind but missing in others.  My channa masala was not bad.The worst of it was ambiance.  Somehow gym music was blasting.  Why the electronic dance music at Indian restaurant??  I finally had to ask to turn it down.  My chair seems like it has only 3 legs - shaky and unstable.  And ah yes, it took very long time for waiter to notice us.  Considering restaurant was nearly empty, 6 minutes seems too long.  One redeeming quality is that food is rather inexpensive.  But not worth it.Update: After reading a response comment from the owner himself, I feel pretty horrible about the bad review I wrote.  Therefore I am changing to 3 stars.  Never mind my "beef-tough-as-old-tire" and "electronic-gym-music-blasting" crappy ambiance.  The owner is apparently very nice and I certainly do not want him to lose business because of my experience.  As for coming back?  Ah...no thanks. But good luck Curry Heights.  For the love of God, stop that horrible Indian techno dance music thing.
Pros: Lunch specials and dining service.Cons: Not as spicy for regular Indian food connoisseurs.Recommendation: Tandoori chicken, Chicken tikka masala, chicken vindaloo, lentils, and chickpeas. This is my usual go-to spot for Indian when at work. You get a decent amount of food for the price you pay. If you are here for lunch (highly recommended) walk to the back and check out the 10 or so combos you can have. I go with the 2 meat + 1 veggie combo. All combos come with rice (white or brown) and 2 pieces of naan. What a deal!This chicken is cooked very well and juicy. You get nice big pieces of chicken and the spices they use are authentic. Though its a buffet style of serving the food is high quality. I usually dine in during lunch and the service is great. They tend to your table and fill water by the sip at times. Always a pleasure here.
We ordered takeout, then a week later we tried their buffet; everything was excellent. I'm a vegetarian, and there was plenty for me to eat. My wife loved the chicken tandoori, which the owner brought it out to her, along with some naan, straight from the oven. That this place is just a few blocks from our house makes our choice to move here all the better!
Great takeout and lunch specials, very reasonably priced.  No frills atmosphere but genuinely caring staff and good food more than make up for less-fancy decor.  A fine neighborhood place.
I don't have Indian food often, but sometimes the craving for heavily fragrant and hearty food unexpectedly hits, and then nothing else will do. When it does, my feet often turn in here to Curry Heights. In the afternoon, the lunch specials are clearly popular with the local businessfolk who quickly fill up the tables to dine and powwow. As a result, I tend to get takeout, and whether I order through Grubhub or Seamless, my food is always ready well before the estimated time. A favorite of mine is the chana masala, a sauce-heavy blend of tomato, onions, and a bevy of spices that my untrained palate always has a hard time teasing apart. Still, every other spoonful unearths the odd bay leaf or whole cardamom seeds, which coyly reveal just a few of the ingredients in the magical, spicy, winter-thawing blend.  If I'm really hungry, I'll also indulge in an order of samosas, which are pastries that are stuffed with a savory blend of potatoes, peas, and lentils and then deep fried (there's also a lamb and green pea version available). Though there are only two per serving (for $3.50), I'm often overstuffed after polishing these off, rendering me sleepy and unproductive for a full afternoon of work. Currently, they're running an special through their website (curryheights.com) that allows you to take $5 off your purchase of $20 or more with the coupon code HOTSPICE. As the cashier handed over the paper advertisement, he whispered, somewhat conspirationally, "Or you can use the code CURRYLOVE to get 10% off". Whether that was meant to be kept a secret or not, I figured I'd share it with the Yelp community anyway. Enjoy while it lasts!
Had a terrific meal tonight. Their special combi offer included an appetizer and a main course, nan and a selection of sauces and chutneys all for $15.95. An excellent deal. The service was absolutely perfect. Generous portions allowed for a nicely packaged doggy bag.  I will most definitely be back.Thank you Curry Heights.Pamela
I order the chicken tikka Marsala from meal pal.. the food was tasty and excellent! good portions very happy with the choice! I was initially skeptical a bit due to yelp reviews but after try it out.. so happy to find good Indian food. only bit problem is when i went there.. the meal wasnt ready yet.. i had to wait to pick it up, luckily it was already pre-made.. but it be nice to just come and pick up
Amazingly, every time I get this food it is consistent.  Still great, across seasons, months, commutes.
Awesome lunch specials!! A lot of food!!! Tandoori chicken is really good. The staff is friendly.
I always order from this place for delivery. It's not the best Indian food that I have ever had - but for the area and the price it's well worth it and hits the spot. Come here at lunch and you can get a large portion of food for $9 that comes with a meat, vegetables, rice and naan. I always order the chicken tikka masala and I love it! Friendly service and fast delivery will have be coming back for more.
OMK!! Not sure if these folks are not reading their reviews, and my first time there last night confirmed a lot. I have been to India several times and know Indian Cuisine rather well. They need a new chef and cooks. No ghee!!! Really?? Everything including my girlfriend's wine was just off.  :-(  Good luck Curry Heights.  Oh, and overpriced for what you get...
I went with my brother last night. I must admit, I have been living nearby for almost 2 years and never felf like I should go.Well... I had a very good dinner for $14 each including appetizer + entrée. More than enough food!I stayed classic and ordered a chicken masala. Very good!! My brother food was good as well (I can't remember the name).Finally, the service was not super fast but they were really nice with us.I would go there again without question, I will also order some for delivery soon.
This place easily gets 4 stars. The food was incredible. I had the chicken Tikka masala with rice and it was sooo good. I came here with my friend Saturday evening after peeping the Festival of Lights show in Dumbo. We were in the mood for Indian after we tried to get into an Indian spot in dumbo but got denied because we didn't have reservations. Meh.We hopped on the train and made our way to Curry heights. It's easy to get to but a little hidden when you reach the block its on so keep your eyes peeled. The food and service were equally spectacular! The waiters are so nice and accommodating. Inside is quiet and calm and you feel a zen vibe while eating. This place is perfect for a quiet and intimate romantic date night or if you want to come with a friend to have a good meal and talk. I cannot wait to come back here, and yes, I WILL be coming back here :)
Really friendly staff  really tasty food! My favorite food is chicken korma and mango lassi.
After watching a great movie FINDING DORY...we went to a lil gem in Brooklyn Heights...authentic Indian food...we ordered chicken tikka masala, yellow daal, chicken biryani, and mango lassi...the best in the area
Delicious Indian food. Best lunch hour deal in the area with lots of options and quick service!Their chicken tikka masala is the best I've had.
I'm visiting from Detroit and staying at the Marriot Brooklyn Bridge,  this is very close within walking distance.  I ordered chicken tika Mattela it was the best Indian food I've ever had. Rocky,my waiter was extremely kind and hospitable, made me feel right at home.  A must go if you like Indian food.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in the area,mainly due to its lunch specials,which offer a variety of food to pick and choose from . My usual combo is the tandoori chicken with a non veg curry which is always consistently good. I usually go with chicken tikka masala for the curry which is boneless pieces of chicken in a heavenly tomato cream gravy. I don't like dark meat in chicken much and this seems to be one of the few Indian places which uses chicken breast pieces in curries. The tandoori chicken too is tender, juicy and incredibly tasty,with a choice of boneless or bone-in pieces served with sauteed onions and peppers.The naan served with lunch is soft and fluffy and the perfect vehicle to sop up the curry.The curry is also served with rice which I almost always have to skip because its a lot of food!I really like this place for its consistency and also because it doesn't seem to skimp on portions at all!
Listen. Listen. LISTEN. this place. This darned place. I've ordered from them throughout my three years at Brooklyn Law, and they never disappoint. I'm writing this review about five minutes after I just devoured the three entree lunch box, which I had with chicken tikka, chicken vindaloo and goat curry. I've had a lot of Indian food, and I always appreciate a fantastic lamb or goat dish whether it's curry or biryani, and Curry Heights has one of the best goat curries I have ever had. Perfectly tender, succulent and flavored, even if the idea of a gamey meat makes you uneasy, their goat curry will change your mind and palette quickly. The chicken is always great, but their variety of curry is impressive. I also opted for an order of the lamb samosas, which was a mistake only because I had a food overload. But the lamb was delicious. A bit salty and oily, but it's a lamb samosa--that's to be expected. My only critique, if you can call it that, is that they don't leave the bay leaves whole, so if you aren't careful, you'll get a piece of leaf in a bite of food, which as we all know, is not pleasant. Otherwise, I love this restaurant. Oh and also, the delivery guys really really are gentlemen.
Three stars is right on the money for this place. They have a pretty good lunch special that you order at the hot bar in the back. I had the goat curry with a side of saag panir (a creamy spinach dish with cheese curds). It was served with rice and naan. The goat was pretty good and I liked the saag panir, though it was pretty heavy. The naan was as fluffy as everyone says it is and was definitely the highlight of the meal. I definitely did not leave hungry!Lunch specials start around $7, but the 1 meat + 1 veggie entree I got was just under $9. Still, I think you'd be hard pressed to find a better deal in the area.Lunch ends at 3pm so don't get there too late or they'll be out of the good stuff.
No frills service but Good Indian Food. Gets the job done when you have a hankering for Indian food.
Everything you expect from a good Indian food joint. Cheap. Big portions. Plenty of choices. Lunch specials are incredible - entrée with 1, 2 or 3 sides. Food tastes fresh. Counter and wait staff are pleasant. I would go back in a heartbeat.
I have had Indian food many times in London, Tokyo and New York, and can say that Curry Heights was delicious and as good as the best of them. Okay, my chair was a little creaky, but our waiter was very friendly and added to our enjoyment of the dinner on a Saturday night. Lots of parking meters around as well - free after 7pm. The place was full. The lamb tikka masala, their flavored rice which comes with all curries, and their lightly garlic seasoned naan were especially good. We also had some tiny tandoori chicken wings, and a creamy broccoli dish - both very good. And my son liked the mango lassi. As their rice was soooo good and perfectly cooked, next time I would like to try their biryani. Our waiter also suggested the fried breaded chicken lollipops for our kids, sounded great, but we were trying to avoid gluten that week so turned it down. Anyhow all our dishes were really delicious; I am sure that in NY the taste of their food is one of the best, and the ambiance of our waiter too.
We ordered on their website for delivery. After an hour and the "FREE FAST DELIVERY" sign on the menu staring at me, I chose to call. When I called the man assumed I ordered from seamless and stated he had no orders. I advised him of our ordering platform, he then states "WE JUUUST GOT IT!!". All of that to say they loss brownie points on the hour and 40 minutes I waited for my food. (-)The delivery guy was dismissive and didn't acknowledge me at all (-)The food arrived hot (+) with a decent flavor balance (+). Yet (as agreed with my spice lover coworker) the spice and authenticity of the dish lacked: / (-)
the first time i walked into this restaurant there was no body in sight. ended up going somewhere else. But this time i took my roommate out for indian food since we were craving for it. All things aside, the food was amazing! ProsAmazing food with nice ambience. ConsCould do better on serviceSalt Lassi could be better
Located this place 2 weeks ago.  It like a hidden place just opposite to St Francis collage. Very friendly restaurant. Comfortable sitting environment.  The people waiting on u r very polite and friendly. I went on a Sunday afternoon with my husband. Food is delicious. They have great menu. Taste is great. We liked it so much following Sunday took our 10yr old. He loved the food. He ate chicken lollipop for first time and loved it. We 3 are going again today. Must try place. You will like it.
Wish I could give 0 stars. Was told that my food would be delivered in 30-40 minutes, but hasn't arrived after 2 hours. Don't waste your time here.
This place has a great LUNCH DELIVERY SPECIAL available through Seamless. For about $14, you get an appetizer, a main entrée, rice, and naan. The appetizer and entrée variety selection is HUGE as are the portions themselves.  I have a very healthy appetite for Indian food, but couldn't even finish the lunch, it was so filling. The vegetable samosas are delicious, perfectly crispy and savory. The chicken tikka masala was a HUGE portion. The chicken was excellent, all white chicken meat, cooked perfectly tender. However, I wasn't a big fan of the curry sauce. It was much sweeter than I'm used to, and definitely not spicy at all, which is why I was a little bit disappointed. The naan and rice are great (I mean... can you really screw those up?). Overall, this is a yummy place to order lunch delivery from, with an impressive variety of items available for the lunch box. Personally, if I'm in midtown, I prefer Darbar Grill which has an equally large lunch box but for only $9. A lunch of $14 is a little bit overpriced, but still reasonable.
I've eaten here twice. The chicken is always as dry as jerky and the rice is over cooked till soggy. The portions are not great comparatively speaking and spicey means a dash of hot sauce. Really disappointed.
I absolutely love this place. I have to children that are very picky eaters, and i was afraid i wouldn't be able to find anything on the menu for them to eat. well to my surprise they enjoyed every bit of their dishes. and i must say besides the food being great the restaurant its self was very pretty. the portions of food and the manner that it was served was a big plus. definitely coming back!! P.S... The price range was reasonable!
Take me to the Taj Mahal.For whatever reason, the little, understated Indian restaurant on Remsen Street transports me to a place far far away.  I don't know what it is about Curry Heights that makes it so endearing, but it is.  There's nothing aesthetically outstanding about the place.  Wooden tables and chairs line a dark gray carpet.  Few cultural paintings adorn the walls.  But there's something in the fresh wilted roses that rest atop those wooden tables that make sitting down feel special.  I guess what speaks to me is its simplicity, yet its ability to stay true to its roots.  The menu is traditional and extensive.  It's fairly priced and consistent.  The staff knows you and knows your table.  The waiter knows what you're favorite dish is.  If you want Indian, it's the real deal.  It's as simple as that.
Ended up eating here with a friend one very cold night this winter. The service was super and both waiters took such nice care of us. The food was DELICIOUS. Really great dinner prix fix menu. Excellent Chicken Tikka Masala and delicious naan. A lot of Brooklyn Indian restaurants aren't very good, but Curry Heights knocked it out of the park.
OK, did the delivery thing again and this time it was perfect!  I didn't really comment too much on the food last time, so here goes.  Curry Heights more than delivers on taste, quality and portion size.  Compared to some of the other places I've eaten in NY, this is probably near the top.The samosas are nice and crunchy on the outside, and filled with seasoned potatoes and peas (my preference).  You get two nice sized pieces in the order.  Loved the Chicken Tandoori Masala.  Tender and delicious.  The Aloo Mattar Gobhi was perfectly spiced. Naan - big and fluffy.Yeah, this is my go-to for Indian in BK.
Great place to grab lunch. The food is authentic and fresh and the staff if very friendly.
The food is usually good. But this time it was horrible and very bad service. We asked for the check and the person gave me the il be there in a minute finger. I'm serious!! I got few breads without the entree and I don't think anyone would eat just the breads. I took vegetable vindaloo. I am used to eating very very spicy food but there was something wrong with this one. None of us had more than a spoon.Overall the food does not compensate the bad service. May be a take out would be a good option.
Curry Heights is one of my favorite place in the area. It's near my office and I take like 3/5 of my lunches there. I took number of my office colleagues also there for lunch - though they were not used to Indian food but they really liked the food and place. I love thandori chicken - make sure they warm it up well - and all the vegetables as cabbage, okra and spinach with white rice.
Honestly, some people have no business opening Indian restaurants. This place is most likely catered toward local Western palates that cannot adequately appreciate an honest tasting curry. Might as well just open a vegan soup spot instead and call it a day. The curries are rather unflavorful and any bits of chicken or goat are Thar Desert dry and would make great natural replacements to Kevlar (seriously guys get that defense contract). The Naan comes with certains orders and I usually opt for storing it later to be used for carrying clothes on my next move-in day while the actual cardboard boxes I purchased are a more preferable bread option. A star for large portions.
Great tasting food. I love the tandoori chicken and garlic naan. The staff is friendly and service is good.  Great place to go if you want a great lunch.
Best place for mango lacchi and goat briyani. Felt like those food actually came from heaven :) try these item , u won't regret . Service is awesome too :) love this place and recommend all friend and family.
The peshwari naan, coconut samosas and chicken korma are out of this world! My standard order whenever I go! I love this place!!!
First, the staff was really rude to me the entire meal, I almost got up and left. The music was way too loud and the base was distracting the entire time. Not a very good environment. The food was not that great either and overall didn't love the experience.
I love Curry Heights and I dont care who knows it!  Being a white girl from California, I don't purport to be an expert in Indian food and I cannot weigh in on the authenticity of the cuisine at Curry Heights, but there is literally nothing to hate about this place.  Their meal deal, at $14.95, is my go-to each and every time.  The food is hot, fresh, flavorful and just all around wonderful.  I also think the paneer at Curry Heights is the best I have had anywhere in the vicinity, they just cook it perfect every time.  Their naan is perfection.  When I order out, the delivery is quick, and when I eat in, the servers are incredibly nice and attentive, so much so that I feel as if I do not deserve such quality service for the very reasonably prices.If you want pretentious Indian food with expensive alcohol and small portions, I recommend Dosa Royale on Court (no hate, I go there too and its wonderful-- just a different vibe).  Otherwise, Curry Heights its where its at.  All day every day baby.
All the food was great. The mulligatawny soup is very tomatoe-y but they warned me verbally about that and I enjoyed it, although I like it with a bit more lentil ultimately. The vindaloo is really spicy, which is exactly what I wanted. The rice had good flavor and a bit of oil in it and cumin. The sauces with the papadam were the most memorable thing especially the coriander (nice and tangy and dairy free) and the tamarind sauce, nice and fruity, not sugary and thin.
Fast, cheap Indian food with solid lunch specials. Decent amount of space though a bit dark/dreary. Note: I've only had the large-batch prepared stuff under the glass, never ordered from the menu at the table.
I've generally had okay experiences here. The food is okay, but not exceptional.Tonight, I ordered through Grubhub at around 8 and got a confirmation at 8:15 with estimated delivery at 8:45 to 8:55. At 9:15, they told me that their delivery guy was on the way. This was a lie. At 9:50, they told me that their computer was down and they hadn't seen my order. As of 10, it's been two hours and I still don't have my food.I don't mind that their computer malfunctioned and my food is late. That kind of problem is unavoidable. But it's absolutely unacceptable that they lied about my status when I placed my first call.They get 2 stars instead of 1 star because I've had okay dine-in experiences before.
This used to be my go to in my neighborhood.  I just ordered from them tonight and had a bad experience.  First of all, the delivery guy calls me to say he left it outside my apartment building.  Then he says the food was with the doorman.  I don't have a doorman so I insist and he comes to the right location.  He was on a completely different street.  Then my food  (saag paneer) was in a much smaller container than usual so it was considerably less food and it was cold and very creamy which it usually is not.  I'm not sure if ownership has changed but it certainly feels like a different restaurant.
In studying late on campus, I opted to try a new delivery spot. HORRIBLE experience.My naan is burnt and the food was average. I could overlook that but the restaurant overcharged my card and hung up on my TWICE when I called to inquire. My email receipt clearly differs from the paper receipt brought by deliveryman and the only response was that the online ordering system is out of date.
I went about a week ago with couple of friends around 2-3pm and as soon as we walked in the waiter was like they were closed, however there was no indication on their hours and door of it being closed. Also I have visited the place before around the same time. It felt as if they did not want to serve us. I do not recommend.
Well, the hospitality sucks, they don't know how to deal with people, very rude. I won't go again ever.
I'm a fan for take out, lunch, or sit-in on a low key night. Samosas, Banana Fritters, Lamb Vindaloo (spicy), Nann and Dal Makhani have never let me down.
Reliable, fast delivery, nice when you visit. It's a pretty standard Indian place, never had a bad experience, my go-to for delivery in Brooklyn Heights.
Came in for lunch during the weekend with some colleagues. It was absolutely delicious. The waiter was polite, the food fantastic and reasonably priced, and the bathrooms were OK. Great place!
We ordered take-out here for dinner and really enjoyed the flavors.  Their Tandoori chicken was well seasoned and their Lamb Ticka Masala was quite good.  The meat was nice and lean but not too chewy as well.  We also tried their Shrimp Madras (too spicy for me but my dad loved it) and Baign Bhartha which was also spicy but filling, so overall this place is a nice neighborhood Indian restaurant that we will be frequenting.  It's hard to find good quality Indian restaurants as sometimes I find the sauces watered down or too creamy for my taste.  This place hits the flavors just right.  Next time I'll ask them for less spice but overall I think it's a great option here.  My parents went to college in England where they constantly ate Indian food and they even approved of this place (which they are normally pretty picky when it comes to Indian food).
For $15 you can get a deal for 2 samosas(any appetizer), bread and entree with rice. there's no better Indian deal in BK heights. I have never really had bad indian before so IMO it's good.
Restaurant advertises 11:30 opening. I arrived at 11:30 and headed for a 2-top in an empty restaurant. The manager charged at me and bellowed in a loud voice "we're not ready!" "Go wait in front for at least a half-hour", while motioning with a hands-up "get-away" gesture. Needless to say I won't be back.
Usually pretty good food, that delivers fast.  Waited over an hour for my lunch, and I don't know how long most people get for lunch, but I only get an hour.  Chicken Tikki was absolutely dry.  Not a tear drop of sauce on it.  I never saw it on the menu, but apparently plastic forks and knives are extra, as I've yet to ever receive any.  Although on occasion I love Indian food, probably won't be ordering from here again.
I thought the food here okay. I get it every week. The delivery is around 45 minutes and the food is fresh and hot. Sometimes, the chicken in the chicken tika masala is drier than usual, but I have learned to get used to that because the sauce is great! Everything is premade so you can't get anything completely fresh, so when I asked for the chicken vindaloo to be extra spicy, it wasn't that spicy to cater everyone. Overall, the food is alright. Would recommend for lunchtime eats.
The food and the service at this restaurant is stellar.The staff especially Raki are committed to providing a superior customer experience.The food is fresh and very delicious. I highly recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala, Chana Saag, all in all everything you order will be an amazing taste and dining experience.
This is decent American-style Indian food. The problem with Indian food in America is not that it's spicy, but that it's watered-down, sweetened-up and spiced-down to please palates that enjoy sugary salty pap like American-style pad thai and Dunkin' Donuts croissandwiches.If you've tasted Indian food in London or India then you'll be disappointed - but, in this neighborhood, Curry Heights is about as good as you'll get. The meats were tender. Everything was tasty, though nothing was spicy. (Other users who've written that everything is too spicy just have no idea what Indian food is - how can basmati rice be "inedible because it was so spicy", as one reviewer wrote? It's not even flavored!) If you want Indian and you're in the neighborhood, this is a comfortable bet. I'll be back.
Horrible service!!! I was rushed to order and then they made mistakes with what I wanted because they were not listening. Then they were extremely unprofessional by giving me an attitude and sucking their teeth like they were children. Never going here again. They were so rude!!!
I'm not sure why this place gets such rave reviews on eat24/from my friends. I got the lunch special (which agreed - is a good deal), but the food itself was nothing special. Dine in area seemed a little dingy, so maybe take out is better option.
This is not the BEST Indian food restaurant but its certainly not the worst.I vote take out/delivery over dining in. decor is nothing to subject yourself to.My favorites: Vegetable Samosas (like a gigantic fried potato pierogie or dumpling), Chana Saag (chickpeas and spinach), Naan (soft bread) and Mango Lassi.
I've ordered from here a lot since my last review and upping to five stars because you guys are awesome!!! (And I have enough rice now, thank-you :)
Looking forward to eating this oily looking chicken tikka masala with my hands since apparently $18 doesn't buy you a fork and napkins "unless you request them"
This is one of the restaurants I frequent in Brooklyn Heights because it is the best of everything. First of all, their food is great!  Well flavored, and spiced. I keep going there after having tried their dinner menu, and their crab curry (yum..that freshly made curry with lots of fresh real crab flesh! I don't eat processed foods!) has been my favorite while my husband (who is an utmost vegetarian) loves every vegi dishes there. Only several months ago, I found out they have  great lunch special menu, which I have been missing out all along. During the lunch special, it is very crowded, as people who live and work in the area would know it is the best place to go to get a quality food for a reasonable price. I don't like to spend too much money on food which are not worth it (considering how many other restaurants in that area charge outrageous price for a so so food- a bubble!), and usually don't want to spend too much money daily for a regular meal (i have a busy schedule, so has to eat out most of the time). I have been so happy after finding Curry Heights as there are only a small number of restaurants in that area where I can get a great food for a reasonable price. Sometimes, they don't seem to have many people there at night or after their lunch special (which I like), and I recently found out it is mainly because they have so many delivery orders coming in.  I also love the staff there, they treat you like a friend, very generous, and attentive. I have introduced this place to my coworkers and friends  and all of them loved the food. This is an absolutely must-go place if you are in Brooklyn Heights, looking for delicious quality food at a reasonable price.Hmm, now my husband and I are almost addicted to their spicy lentil soup, which cleared up my husband "cold" recently. I strongly recommend this place if you are into healthy eating. I am trying to keep in shape, recently having gone from 150 pounds to 134 within 3 months (5 feet 9 inches tall) while eating their dishes, so obviously with all the delicious and rich tastes, their food is healthy enough, and not fattening.Highly recommended! Keep up the excellent food, service, and price! I will go there forever!
I used to live in the East Village, and Curry Row always baffled me. I never understood why so many Indian restaurants would set up all in one spot and directly compete for the same business. But regardless of whether or not it makes sense to me, I loved it. Perhaps because it's automatic quality control. Since there were so many options so close together, the restaurants had to serve stellar food, or risk going out of business. And as a result, I was never subjected to the blandness of my meal at Curry Heights (the only Indian option nearby). The tikka masala was watery and thin; it tasted like sweet tomato soup, with chunks of chicken in it. The chicken pakora was entirely too bready, and although the lamb bhuna was edible, it was unremarkable in every way. Although you do get a sizable meal for your money, I think I've eaten too much excellent Indian to justify a return visit.
The food is decent and the lunch menu is quiet affordable. My gripe with this place is with the people who take my order. All but once my orders were messed up or something wasn't delivered. Upon calling back, every time instead of help I get an attitude back when it's the restaurant that gillian anderson to include food that is part of my order. And then they're always out of delivery men, so when they do forget to deliver something, it takes an extra half hour to an hour to get it, completely ruining my lunch since I only have a specific time to clock out for lunch and eat. Unacceptable.
I frequent this location on a frequent basis. They have a great lunch buffet special which is why I go.  However,  after going a couple of times,  I realized how consistent they are.  The food is great,  my favorite dish is the chicken vindaloo,  it's spicy.  The attention is great,  the location is very good.  The portions are large and the chicken is  always fresh.  No I don't work here or own the place,  I just love thier food. I will say this,  they need to put on Indian music not '80's contemporary.
I like the Dal Malkani a lot and the Broccoli appetizer with onions. I'm not a vegetarian, but when I order from here, I like to get both of these dishes.Love the tomato and pesto sauces that come with the meals.
I usually get the chicken tikka with a side of masala sauce, with veggie samosas. I think this is the best Indian food in the area. The food isn't perfectly spiced, but it's a nice chill environment, good service and solid Indian food. I've been here a handful of times and is now my go-to in the area.
Curry Heights is one of the few Indian restaurants in my area, so if you're craving naan and such, you're pretty much stuck.  The place is cozy and friendly, and the prices are reasonable.  Also, the portions are generous.  The problem is that the food is nothing special, so that tempers my excitement about the prices and portions. The saag paneer was probably the best thing I had--it was tasty and savory, but the chicken tikka masala was lacking.  The sauce was mysteriously smooth and thin, whereas better iterations are a bit thicker and chunkier, with a more assertive flavor.  There was plenty of naan to soak everything up and I left really full and pretty satisfied.  Given the dearth of Indian food where I live, I will probably be back and venture to try something else that may be better executed.
bad food ever.. quality is worst. informing about food got the response like your test is different, there are thousands of people coming for eating at our restaurant and the owner is billionaire what does it make difference to me if the owner is billionaire ..you will see very strong food color in their foods.. even after washing hands with soap, it didnt go..we order paneer tika masala and paneer quality was too bad..never go to this restaurant..
It's edible and there are some good things about this place, but I'll pass on it in the future.Minced Lamb and Pea Samosa - the dough was perfect - really nicely done. Flaky and tender, but strong enough to hold all the meat in. Really good dough. However, there were no peas in the filling, and the lamb was very very finely minced, nicely seasoned.Chicken Tikka Masala - really dry white meat cubes in a sauce made of sweet tomato sauce and cream. Not very good. Pass.Naan - good! soft and chewy, great for sopping up sauces. If only the sauces were worthy of sopping up.Raita - overly sweet, too much carrot, not enough cucumber. Pass.Gulab Jamun - they made a mistake with the order it seems and I got Ras Malai instead. Really not a fan - too milky - but as far as Ras Malai goes, this one was decent.Delivery was within the projected time, and the delivery guy was very nice and polite, so points for that. But if you're looking for Indian food, look somewhere else.
Mystery to us how the 2015 reviews could be negative. We used to love this place, then it went a bit down hill last year. Decor isn't as nice as it was, which is the only reason we take a star away.We've had excellent Mahli Kofta, Lamb Saag, Tikka Masala, and Chicken Biryani. And their take-out portions are huge. And, now they ae open some nights until 2am.
I ordered through seamless to pick up, but they said they did not receive the order even though he said exactly what it was and i got charged for it. Disappointed that i wasted my break time for this misunderstanding.
Hey- cheap and great Indian food in Brooklyn Heights? This is your place.The 2-course dinner special ($13.95) is great. Appetizer, Naan, and Main, pretty well rounded. We ordered 2 so we could mix and match it up a bit. Everyone raving about the Naan is right- probably the best Naan I've had in a loooong time. Fresh baked- can't be beat.Giving this place 3 stars due to our Samosas. One was (as advertised) filled with potato and awesome (Mine). The girlfriend's was brimming with shredded....coconut? That was it. a Samosa stuffed with shredded coconut. Tres strange.
I originally gave this place one star based on it's decor and tiki masala.. and now I'm updating it after giving them two more tries! I wasn't a fan of their tiki masala but everything else I've had is pretty decent. I always leave full and satisfied. Best part of my meal was the Baigan Bhartha (eggplant, peas and spices).
I got the lunch special here on Monday (delivery) and was very disappointed on taste. The chicken tikka masala had no heat (I'd ask for medium) and the sauce tasted like tomato soup mixed with half and half. The naan and rice were decent, but the samosa's were greasy and also bland. You'd get better indian food in the TJ freezer section. Don't recommend.
**** Vegetarian reviewer ****Went at 9:30 on a Sunday, the board said they were open, but when we went in, they said they closed and can't serve the food. But the staff was sweet enough to at least let us order food to go. The yellow daal was decent for veg jalfrezi curry was mediocre and the salt lassi was too salty.
Solid Indian food. I always get the dinner special. For 14.95 you get naan, rice, an appetizer and an entree. You also get all the sauces. I've had the jalfrezi, tandoori, tikka and masala. The portions don't look huge but are so filling. Enough to make two meals out of. I'm a big fan of their pakora's also. Good, friendly service.
I ordered delivery from this place and granted it was pretty late, around 10 pm, they delivered the food within 20 min. But I think I know why - probably because they used velveeta cheese to make the malofta curry. It was so nasty and in a color I've never seen malofta curry. And the mint sauce was watered down.It makes me wonder how seamless gets their reviews when I couldn't even post mine. I should have used Yelp as a secondary source.
Since moving to Brooklyn Heights, I have been desperate to find GREAT Indian food...and I am still on that mission.  There really seem to be only two Indian restaurants near my apartment...one named Amin (which according to Yelp is not worth my trouble) and the other is Curry Heights. This past Sunday, I decided to order in some Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Biryani from Curry Heights to see if they were going to be my new favorite Indian delivery. The delivery was pretty fast (about a half hour) and I was happy I could use Seamless Web to order.  The Chicken Biryani was pretty good, though not very spicy (which is OK for me).  I'm very picky about my chicken and the boneless white meat in the Biryani was up to my standards (no fat).  The Chicken Tikka Masala was OK, nothing outstanding and I didn't love the consistency of the chicken.  But I will say the portions were large and I was full after my meal.  I'd order from Curry Heights again, but I am still looking for amazing Indian food in the Heights.
This place has a sticker outside on the window that says "People love us on yelp!". Man people should not up those stickers if it's a lie! I mean I'm giving them a good review right now, but overall it does not seem that people love them on yelp.The waiters were very nice- I wanted butter chicken but didn't see it on the menu. I asked them if they had it and they said "we'll make it for you, no problem at all." It came out very good! Their naan is fresh baked and is the fluffiest and softest naan I ever had in my life. They brought us a basket with 3 pieces in it! (We were only 2 people). I forgot what my friend's dish was called but it was also very tasty. I'd eat here again if I was in the neighborhood.
Someone PLEASE dethrown me as duchess because I am not a fan.  I have been to curry heights twice and that is the same number of times i did NOT enjoy the food :-(  Overly greasy and was nothing like any Indian food I have had before.  I dont think I will be back.
Meh?Despite others issues with delivery, mine was quick and friendly. That's about the end of the compliments I have for curry house. I had a greasy samosa, rock hard onion bhaji and watery and unflavorful vindaloo and tikka masala. The naan was alright. Nothing was bad, but nothing was really any good. Next time I'll spend the extra $1 per person and order from Baluchis.
So very disappointing: we ordered Medium spicy, but this was the only time we have ever experienced Indian food that was boring and bland. Would not have thought it was possible! It seemed as if the lamb curry was watered down. Only 9 chunks of lamb in a 16 oz container of flavorless sauce. Mulligatawny soup was plain and watery too. Never again.
This place is always empty. I have only eaten in two times and both times the staff was attentive and the food was ok. I have also ordered from here a couple of times as well. The delivery comes really fast and the food is as good as it is in the restaurant but maybe slightly smaller portions. They have a pretty great deal for $14 you get naan, chutneys, an appetizer, and an entree.
Screw the spoiled transplanted yups who turn their privileged noses up at this place - Curry Heights is absolutely awesome considering the low prices. I'm heading here for lunch in 28 minutes.
This place is about it for Indian food in the neighborhood.  I've been here twice for lunch with colleagues and both times the food was edible but simultaneously bland and overly salted.  There was really nothing noteworthy about any of the items (I've tried a few curries).  No spice, and the chicken was just chunks of the same meat mixed into different sauces. The saag paneer was a bit watery, too.
*DONT ORDER DELIVERY IF YOU'RE HUNGRY*You can get an appetizer and entree for about $12.00 all the time which is great.  They have a huge selection of vegetarian entrees and meats.  I've never actually sat in the restaurant but order often from seamless web and usually wait 1hr - 1hr 15 minutes no matter which night of the week or how the weather is.  Also they have forgotten items I've ordered before.
This place is kinda in the cut. Upon  entering the establishment I was greeted by a shaded waiter. When I asked him  why does he have shades on in a dimly lit place he told me that his allergies were messing with him... Hmmm... First strike... The atmosphere is nice.. Quiet but yet busy. I can they'll that they have a large take out  crowd . The delivery man was coming in and out constantly.  I ordered the bonna (sp) bread as a appetizer and the curry chicken as a entree. The sweet sauce to the bread was AMAZING  I would go back just for that, the chicken was okay. Could have been more seasoned but all and all if was okay... Would I go back again... Ummmm maybe to order out. MAYBE!!! ..
I ordered from Curry Heights for the first time on Sunday. The food was quite good, had just the right amount of heat without it being too hot. I loved the Garlic Naan and the Vegetable Biryani. I was given a 30 minute wait time and it arrived in even less time and was still nice and hot. I will be ordering again.
I've been here a lot and get the same thing every time, #4 with chicken tikka masala. I highly recommend it. Everything is already made and sitting on steam tables, so it's convenient if you're in a hurry. I gave it 4 stars, but that's just me comparing it to other lunch places in the Brooklyn Heights area... I don't know how it compares to Indian food elsewhere in the city as I've only been here.
I love this place. I order from here regularly and I haven't had any problems. The vegetable Korma is delicious.
The food is ok, for a $8 lunch special. Nothing mind blowing.  I find it odd that they microwave the chicken tandoori before they pack it up to go. My chicken tiki was cold today. Saag paneer was ok
This place was awesome. I was stuck doing jury duty in the Downtown Brooklyn area and wanted to find something inexpensive, delicious and relatively healthy to eat. I got lucky and stumbled upon Curry Heights. I asked the owner Karim for some help in choosing the food. He set me up with a platter of Tandoori Chicken, Okra, Spinach and Aloomotor Gobi The food was delicious. The food was inexpensive. Where can you get an awesome lunch for around ten dollars anymore? And, the service was phenomenal. They were extremely courteous, friendly and super super fast. Go and ask them whats good to eat. You cant go wrong. Great experience there!!
Not great, but unmatched in the neighborhood for providing a quick, cheap, and filling work lunch. Most of the lunch buffet options are disappointing, but the chicken tikka masala always delivers, and it's all you'll need to get full.
My family and I came here when they were in town.Let's just say we ordered a lot of food, I mean a lot.  From Chicken Korma to the Biryani to every type of Naan possible including the Alloo Paratha.   Honestly this was awhile back and i forgot to write a review but the food was really really good! The service was horrible, and the food honestly took foreveeeeerrr!!! I tried ordering delivery to see if it was any better and a 30 min delivery time took close to an hour.... food was still good but wait time was a bit out of control!! Highlights of the meal was the Biryani, the Korma and the garlic Naan!!
My sister lives a couple blocks away from this joint and recommended it to me for dinner on my way home from her place during today's blizzard.  The first bad sign was after I placed my order online, I was presented with a screen that said "for best service, please call us to confirm your order."  Now, I've ordered online takeout hundreds of time, and I figured it would be pretty dead, so I just decided to go in about 20 minutes later.  They had not started my order yet.  So I ask the guy if it's ready and he feigns confusion, checks the computer, and mentions that he had to check in the back.  He returns and says to me that "it'll be ready in just a few moments."  I ask him point blank if they just started it, to which he responds. "Yes...just 6 or 7 more minutes!" At this point I almost walked out, but I was really in the mood for a nice curry and I didn't want to wait for delivery in this weather... Despite my better judgment I waited.  When my food came out, he said "you know, you should just come in...don't order online." I responded that had I ordered takeout, they never would have gotten to it, his only response was "next time just come in!"  No "thank you so much for your patience." No "have a papadum on us...the weather is really lousy!"  Just kind of a "don't let the door hit you on the way out."Given my sister's recommendation, I decided to mask the bad taste in my mouth and just try to enjoy my food.  The paneer tikka app was pretty good.  The onions and marinade were smoky, the paneer squeaky.  But the pieces of cheese were just too darn big!  My chicken madras, which in the picture looked like a bright and thick tomato sauce, was pretty much dried out chicken in a watery and tasteless brown curry with a few chunks of tomato.  Severely disappointing.  Portion sizes were decent but the place was not cheap... next time I'm going back into Manhattan, blizzard or none...PS the tamarind chutney? tasted watered down...
This is one of the few places in the area that will take credit cards AND deliver to my office in DUMBO.  My office had tried them for an end of year party, and the food was alright.  I was told that the spices weren't as complex as they should have been, but for an Indian food novice such as myself, this was probably not a bad thing.  So I decided to order lunch there one day.  I ordered online, and the food came just when they said it would.  They have different lunch specials you can order online.  The choices are fairly limited but the price is reasonable and they didn't charge a delivery fee for my less than $10 order.  Unfortunately the naan had a hair in it, and I discovered this after I had eaten everything else.  Completely ruined my appetite. I gave them one more chance when my coworker wanted to order, and this time delivery took almost 90 minutes.  By the time we got the food it was only luke-warm.  I ordered at about the same time as the first time, so I don't know what happened, but I was not pleased.  And the delivery guy was pretty rude.  I'll save my money and find a better place near my house next time I'm craving Indian.
Really just not good. Oh, and there was a STAPLE in my chicken tikka dish. Yes, I'm serious. Chana masala was flavorless too. The place itself is just sad. On a Friday night at 8 pm when I went to pick up my food there was 1 couple in there.
Going a bit downhill.There are new features: a buffet during lunch, which is well priced ($8 for options of one meat dish, one veg dish, a naan and rice), and a flat screen tv (oh, boy!)The buffet is not bad but not great. I guess that is to be expected, but it's disappointing nonetheless. Today my chicken tikka masala tasted overly sweet and creamy, and lacked flavor. My saag paneer had very little "paneer" in sight. The non-pre made food, however, is still a good option, and better, as it's made fresh to order.Additionally, the service is still deplorable. They forget things until you tell them five times, and are slow with bringing check and change. The guys at the buffet are, for lack of a better word, annoying. As I stood trying to decide what I wanted, they literally recited every choice. I have eyes buddy, I can read myself. I told them it's OK, and I could read on by myself, and they went "Oh, so you "know" indian food." Actually, I DO know indian food, and, aside from hubris, it was just distracting for them to do that. Quite annoying.Also, we saw a dead cockroach on the floor there last time we went.
I've been ordering at Curry Heights for a few years now and their Chicken Masala is amazing!  I could have it every day of the week... seriously that good!  Of all the Indian Restaurants in Brooklyn Heights this is by far my favorite.  The Naan Bread is to die for and my husband orders some pretty good vegetarian dishes from them as well.  Also highly recommend the Vegetable Rice, yummy!They could improve their delivery time.  It takes from 30 mins to 45 mins to receive a delivery from them when my house is a block away.... Overall a delish but tardy order out joint and cute/ romantic dinner with a date.
Terrible service. They are rude, speak too fast, demand that you order quickly (even if it's really slow), respond to questions with frustration, many don't understand English well and are not sure what you're ordering. I was rushed, stressed, and they couldn't understand me well enough to know what I wanted. I tried to order potato samosas and left with coconut samosas, despite trying multiple times to explain myself and my order. What was crazy was there wasn't anyone behind me. No line at all. A practically empty restaurant, and yet they were rushing me and yelling at me and acting like I was an idiot. The food is as good as any Indian place around but I would not recommend them unless you're getting takeout.
We've been to many Indian Restaurants, this is one of the better ones for the price and quantity of food. Very good service. Table was clean. Garlic naan was awesome. Lamb boti was a sizziling platter. Drinks are not over priced. We had a table of 12 and ordered 8 dishes and 4 orders of naan and were full.  With drinks, tax and tip it came out to 11 dollars a person.
We stumbled into Curry Heights after a reading at Bookcourt.  The stakes were high - we were both starving, and Brooklyn Heights feels like a long way from Inwood.  We needed some serious refueling. Our first glance at the restaurant made us afraid that we were out one of those places that serves nauseatingly creamy saag paneer (reheated from the lunch buffet), buttery naan, and watery daal.  But once you get past the slightly unattractive space (note to Curry Heights: neon signs never, ever create ambience), the food is actually very impressive: we shared the chana poori (yum), two samosas ($2.90 for samosas?! How reasonable), daal (which I loved because it wasn't excessively watery), bhindi (really well done), and chicken saag (probably my least favorite of what we ordered, only because it had a slight tomato taste).  The service was great, the waiters were very kind (our experience was enhanced by the fact that my husband chatted with the waiter in Bengali, and the waiter was super excited by this, so also gave us free mango lassis), and the entire meal was very reasonably priced- the whole thing came to $36, and we have enough food left over for dinner tomorrow.The long and short of it: Curry Heights might not be a great date place (unless you're trying to let your new someone special know that you like neon), but it's definitely good food, and certainly a cut above what passes for Indian food in most restaurants.
Disappointing.Chicken tikka masala was unpalatable at best. Chicken was dry and the runny sauce had no flavor. Chicken makhani was bland and oily- the ghee had separated from the sauce.If you like thick sauce with a lot of spice look elsewhere.Almost redeeming were the onion relish and cilantro chutney with the papadum. Delicious. Why can't an Indian place with great papadum also have good entrees? And why can't a place with great entrees have good papdum? Mysterious.Garlic naan was good, as was onion kulcha. Too bad I have to give these guys a bad review, because the guy on the phone was very kind and the delivery man was courteous and pleasant.
Curry Heights hits the spot for midday Indian cravings. It's the best in the area. Decent Indian food, ready immediately for a quick lunch, the place is clean, and the staff is nice and seems genuinely thankful for the patronage. I'll be back.
I've ordered from here a few times on Seamless, and it definitely takes a while for delivery. That aside, the food is ok. I like their paneer bhurji; it's the one thing I look forward to ordering. The rice is lightly spiced, better than plain old rice, so that is a plus, though it's not nearly as soft and fluffy as I'd like. The samosas have an average, satisfactory taste. For people ordering online or whatever, they have 3 different fillings for the samosas, including the weird coconut one, so be mindful of that. Overall the food tastes fine; it's not something to write home about but has enough spice and flavor that unless something really goes wrong in the kitchen that day, it should probably be a sufficiently satisfying meal-- unless you've been traipsing around NYC on a mission for a truly delicious, gourmet Indian meal. In that case, you're not going to find it in Brooklyn Heights.
Ive only gotten deliveries. From that I say its reliably tasty food and the lunch specials are a good deal.sag paneer, lamb samosas, bhunas, kormas, and crab meat curry are good!The phone service for delivery is usually pretty rude. No biggie tho cause they always get the order right.
So the place is under new management and there is one major change that I think was needed badly.  A fresh hot bar with prepared food, which was just installed a few days ago.  It's a pretty good deal.  One vegetable and one meat plate, rice, and naan for 8 bucks.  For a dollar more you can get 2 meat plates.  My GF had this option -- some eggplant thing and a chicken tikka masala.  She said both were good and tasted fresh.There's another special that's 13 bucks or so -- one entree and an appetizer with some curry sauces, rice, and naan -- which I think is a pretty good deal.  The chicken pakora appetizer is very good actually (think Indian fried chicken tenders mmmm).  I come here pretty regularly, both when it was the Curry Spot and now that it's known as Curry Heights, and I usually get the chicken tikka.  Every time I order this, no matter the waiter, they always remind me that it's the dry one (and not the masala).  Lol.  I know...it's just a bunch of pieces of chicken and onions.  They bring it out on a skillet and it finishes cooking in front of you.  Then, everyone looks at me as I enjoy my dish...and I leave smelling like food haha.  It's a pretty good dish though.This place needed that express hot bar badly -- so it was a great idea to have it installed.  Overall, this is a solid lunch, take-out, or delivery option in the area.  The service can be a bit slow and forgetful.  But whatever.  This also helps in my homesickness for the Bay Area...the interior of this place reminds me a lot of the Indian restaurants found in strip malls off of El Camino.
For a very reasonable price, you get a ton of food.  I'm talking an app, entree, and a fair amount of sides.  The chicken tikka as an app was pretty good.The Masala was also very good.  The only thing I could really ask for was more spices in the actual curry sauce, otherwise very good all around.  Naan was fresh, and you also get standard basmati rice.  What really wins me over here, however, is the delivery guy.  Ridiculously nice dude, and an all around great guy.  I order from this place when I need my Indian food fixing.Note, when they ask you if you want it mild, medium or hot, just keep in mind, hot is HOT -- I mean BLAZING, which isn't necessarily a bad thing if that's what you're looking for.****
Delivery took two and a half hours to arrive (I was given an estimate of 1 hour on Seamless).I ordered an okra dish and a chicken tikka masala. The okra dish was quite good and flavorful. The chicken tikka meat was dry white meat, although the sauce was OK.
Decent Indian food. Will delivery. Chat them up and ask them to cook they way you want, and they will.Went again and had meat filled potato chops. Have rarely seen them outside the Indian sub-continent
Wow.  I've never written an online review before, and I don't like the idea of being inspired to write my first by a horrible experience.  NEVERTHELESS... Wow.  This place sort of ruined my night.  First, the person who took the order was super rude, which normally I don't really care about.  Sometimes I think it can be chalked up to language barriers or what-not.  I laughed it off, even though I had to call back after the person took my address (but not my order yet), then set the phone down for several minutes.  I could hear him taking other orders in the background.  When I eventually told him I wanted to pay by credit card, he questioned me and tried to talk me out of it.I waited an HOUR AND A HALF, and finally called.  Someone different answered, and he was very deferential and apologetic. He said that they were very busy, but that the food was on its way.   ANOTHER HALF HOUR later the buzzer rang.  I went downstairs (I am in the top floor of brownstone, no buzz-in).  The delivery man had no pen for me to sign the charge slip with.  I told him it would be fine,  I told him just to sign it himself, that the restaurant would have no problem taking the money out of my account -he looked stricken - and closed the door.  He immediately started pounding on the door and shouting.  I opened the door, went back up to my 3rd floor apt. got a pen, and signed the charge slip.THE FOOD.   There were none of the three sauces/garnish that normally come with an Indian food order.  The chicken in the Tikka masala was so overcooked it was hard to chew.  And the naan was inedibly undercooked - the dough was still, well, literally just dough on the inside.   I'm sorry but they really don't deserve to be in business.
I came here for the lunch buffet. The staff was quite friendly, even as I took a bit too long staring at the selections. I ended up with chicken tika masala and spicy dal soup, served in separate bowls with a side of rice and naan. The food was a little cool, even after sitting in warm trays. The flavors were a little on the bland side. The amount of food was generous, and not a bad deal at $8.66. The server was quite attentive in filling water, which was much appreciated. I left satisfied but without a strong desire to go back.
I have to admit  I till recently I've stayed away from Indian food. This not because I didn't necessarily like it but this sort of food especially in Brooklyn and the City simply aren't authentic enough. They tend to lack the bold, colorful flavors that Indian food is noted for. Nevertheless, I ordered take out from Curry Heights fully expecting this to be watered down and somewhat bland. Boy was I wrong.I ordered the Goat Vindaloo and mulligatawny soup as part of their 2 course 13.95 special. First, I have to say this is a lot of food for that price. I spread it out over two nights. Now, for the food I was pleasantly surprised. The vindaloo sauce had the serious kick you would expect from authentic indian vindaloo. I was soaking the included naan (bread) in it and almost didnt have any naan left for the other sauces that were provided to dip the naan in. However, the food was not without its fault. The goat meat while somewhat flavorful alone did not have the fall of the bone tenderness as described in the menu and some pieces was unfortunately dry. Also, there seemed to be more potatoes in the goat vindaloo than goat. The mulligatawny soup was delicious. It was thick and had the necessary (but downgraded from the vindaloo) heat that you want in a good indian soup. Overall, I was very impressed with this place and plan on making it my go to place for Indian food in Brooklyn for the foreseeable future.
Huge portions for good prices. Staff is super nice. We had a good experience eating here. The samosas are divine as is the basmati rice. I have had better naan but it was acceptable, especially when combined with other dishes. Beware of what is labelled Hot and Mild. I thought I ordered everything mild but some dishes were definitely not mild.
So much more authentic than Baluchi's on Henry Street, fresh meals with absolutely addictive rice.  Curry Heights has nice prix fix offering: appetizer plus entree with naan for $13.95.  Don't miss the tikka naan- it is delicate, puffy and slightly chewy.  Never been a big fan of samosas but these were less dense than most.  Loved the onion relish and "green" sauce which I always forget the name of.  The waitstaff is nice and the restaurant is dark, just fine with me.
I'm very happy that we now have a good Indian option in the neighborhood.  I have to agree about the wait, since I experienced the long wait during the first week.  Even though I had issues with the delay, given the quality of the food, the wait was well worth it...
We've been going to this place for a long time and we use to simply Love it! Do not if there has been changes in ownership or management or what! The truth is it has gone downhill badly. To the point I just found myself out of options for Indian food in the neighborhood! The last few times, service has been terrible. After being clear about having the "deal meal", we got a check with all the items separated... The excuse, "he is in training", who they wanted to kid? As mentioned I've been a regular for a long time. Last, but not least the most important part: the food has suffered a lot and it has reached the point where I am not going back!
I've had nothing but good experiences ordering in from here. The delivery is timely, the food is delicious and the service is excellent. They have such great menu choices -- I'm a big fan of their chicken saag, tikka masala, naan bread choices. When I'm thinking of ordering some Indian, this is the "go-to" place for me.
Now they seem to be called "Curry Heights," but little else has changed. Upon return visits, I still like them, but I think my original 5-star rating was generous due to excitement of having a new restaurant nearby.
The food is just OK.  It is nothing special but is edible.  As an Indian, I can honestly say that this is the blandest Indian food I have ever had. However, the service absolutely sucks.  I have been here several times and they ALWAYS get our order wrong.  Without fail, it is always incorrect.  You will never get exactly what you order unless you make a huge stink about it.  It is pretty ridiculous considering it is the slowest takeout service on the planet.  Seriously,  if communication is so bad that the employees can't understand your oder correctly on a systematic basis, there is a problem.  Still looking for a good Indian place in Brooklyn Heights.  This isn't it.
This place has the rare distinction of  being the most horrible India food we've had in the greater nyc area. The food barely qualifies as Indian. I know that the manager and servers were not Indian. I bet the chef has no clue on preparing India meals. Dal Makhni  naan were tolerable. I have eaten all kinds of Indian cuisine, but the concept of potato paratha was martian, not Indian. Saag panner was strange, bland and watery. Save yourself and eat somewhere else.
Everything was delicious.  Vegetables, chicken, chickpeas and spinach, cheese, breads. Did not try dessert.    I did not take notes on the dishes we ordered. I had no intention of writing a review - until after we ate and we all enjoyed our meals so much! -  My only regret - I ordered 2 appetizers instead of an entree.  And my food arrived long before the entries. Next time - I would ask them to serve 1 of the appetizers with the meal. We certainly plan to meet here again !
Food is meh, but it's the best indian food in the area.  Most dishes have very little flavor and ithe saag paneer for instance, is too watery.  But, if you're craving Indian, the food here will suffice.  Be forewarned, their website sucks.  If you place an order via their website, call to make sure that they actually received your order. Otherwise, you'll find yourself waiting for an order that will never be delivered.
This place is still working out it's opening jitters, so go in when you have some patience.  I had a leisurely dinner there the other night, and though it took a while to get out food, everything eventually came out as promised.  I am not an expert on Inidan food, but I've had both good and bad, and this is definitely good.  The naan was fresh and plentiful, and the lamb in our stews was tender and flavorful.  The spices were spot on (to my judgment, anyway) and exciting.  And what a bargain!  Go for the two course special served during dinner hours (and perhaps lunch as well, I'm not sure).  For 13.95, you get crispy flatbread to start, an appetizer and main course with naan and rice, and rice pudding after your meal.  The beverages are interesting as well.  We tried the Indian Iced Tea and Drink of the East which were both fragrant and refreshing.Give this place you business.  I want them to stick around!
Came here for some light and spicy Indian fare, Didn't expect to be the only customer here.I trust the dishes are authentic and very good,But points off for service being so damn rude!I was in the mood for spinach  lentil soup,But the Sunday noon server told me they don't have it...so I felt duped.When I ordered samosas  spicy lentils with a tomato-based puree,He asked me why I wouldn't order a full entrée.I admitted my stomach couldn't handle so much food,Then suddenly he gave me an attitude.His reply: "If you're going to order so little, why not do take out?"I decided to get up and walk right out.
This is my go-to place for Indian lunch takeout at work. I always go for the chicken tikka masala, saag panir, rice and naan special and ask for extra sauce on the rice. It's quite filling and a pretty big portion of food and good for when you just want something warm and satisfying. There are hardly any Indian restaurants in the area, but this one is not bad for an only option.
I've ordered from this place many times. It's very cheap  has quick delivery, but the food is way too spicy. I know some people enjoy spicy/Indian is supposed to be spicy, but they don't really give you the option of mild spice if you want it. Even though I check "mild" on seamless, the dish comes out very spicy every time. I even ordered a side of basmati rice (to help decrease the spiciness of the dish), but that was also inedible because it was so spicy! The naan is good though - I'll give them that.
We ordered delivery from Curry Heights, choosing to try their lamb korma, lamb tikka masala, and butter chicken. I'd rathe the lamb tikka masala as the best out of the three; korma was not the best, but the butter chicken was delish--as was the garlic naan. The price and punctuality of delivery were good, and both of us were happy with the portion sizes.
The best curry for delivery in the heights!  I'm a fan of the generous portions with the Two-Course Meal Deal that is One Appetizer, One Entree And One Naan.  I've enjoyed their samosas, chicken korma and saag curry.  Can't wait to try more dishes!
Get exactly what you pay for. Order delivery via Seamless. Took longer than expected (about an hour), and it was not very spicy at all (ordered medium spice). But it was good and hot. Pretty much what I expected. Nothing to write home about, but I would order from here again.
Super-fast delivery, a little more $ that what I was accustomed, but fair.  Plan on going back.  Chicken Tikka and Garlic Naan are my fav, and seem to be very reliable...like consistent.  Haven't had a bad menu item yet...
The disappointment continues.  Can someone please open a decent Indian restaurant in the area??  We ordered three vegeterian dishes and they all tasted pretty much the same, which is to say bland and slimy.  Of all the things to miss in an Indian restaurant, I just can't believe *flavor* would be one of them.  I give two stars instead of one based on: (a) fine naan, (b) on-time delivery, (c) no local competition whatsoever, and (d) a lack of digestive issues (which may be unsurprising given the comcomitant lack of spice).
Solid local Indian food, and their spicy means HOT, which makes the hubs happy.  I've had better Indian, and if Kinara in Fort Greene will deliver to you, I think the food is better.  But this is solid... with the exception of the navaratan curry.  That was pretty icky.  But otherwise we've had good vindaloo, tandoori fish, and spicy shrimp curry.  PS - the banana pakoras are a yummy little treat if you get the dinner combo deal!
Wow!  Unexpectedly, I have found a new Indian favorite, and just in a nick of time!!  (My all-time favorite here in NYC was Madras Cafe, which recently has closed its doors in Manhattan.)  So what do you do when you're grieving a love lost?  Distract yourself with  a delicious replacement, of course! While I was working late, I decided to give the relatively new-ish theCurry Spot a try.  I ordered some takeout to scarf down while still at the office, and I'm so glad I did!!While I usually tend to order entrees like Saag Panir or Malai Kofta, this time I opted for the Yellow Takra Dal (Yellow lentils with onions, fresh garlic, and spices.)It was deliciously flavorful---rich but not too heavy, with subtle spices that left me with a really satisfied feeling.  It was served with delicious Basmati rice, with something orange added (spices?)  I also splurged and ordered the Garlic Naan, and it was garlic-y goodness beyond compare.  (Probably not a good thing to order during/before a date, although it was quite tasty...)Judging from what I've had so far, the other menu items promise to be very good as well.  Everyone working there was so friendly too!!!  I can't wait to go back!
Here's a breakdown of lunch yesterday; my first time at Curry Spot...I ordered: lamb-mint samosa and lamb biriyani lunch special, which includes naan, a bit of lentil soup and a dessert. The Good: In fairness, the lamb-mint samosas were delicate and flaky. The lentil soup served with my lunch special was quite decent. The Bad: First bite of lamb from lamb biriyani, pure gristle. Had to discard on plate. Second bite of lamb from lamb biriyani, pure bone! Nearly chipped a tooth. Biriyni itself was meh. Not so great, so I didn't eat too much of it, but not so bad that I wouldn't consider it as a dinner/leftover consultation prize. Which brings us to...The Ugly: Where this place fails HARD is with the service. I was just about the only person in the restaurant, but the waiter was angry, uncaring, and perhaps had a depth-perception problem. There was no "hello, what can i get you?" Instead, dude just shuffled up to the table and demanded my order. As glasses and plates of food arrived, he dropped the plates the last 1/2inch to the table like an angry Jersey diner waitress and shuffled off again. Clank! Bowl! Clank! Plate! Clank! Clank! What the hell, dude?  At meal's end, I had half of a meh biriyani left that I wanted for leftovers. Nope! Same guy storms over, and starts clanking plates-- clank, clank, clank! It's nearly cartoonish. One of the first things he grabs was my would-be leftover biriyani. As I raise my hand to say, "wrap that please"--clank!-- he stuffs the bottom of my soup bowl right onto the remaining biriyani. Epic Lunch Fail!
Curry Heights' food is bland an inauthentic, much like all the other Indian restaurants in the area. I have tried 3-4 different vegetable curries from them, all bland and made with vegetables which do not belong in Indian cusine. Today I got a vegetable curry with broccoli, and carrot and zucchini cut in batons. Really? It makes me wonder if the people in the kitchen are even Indian. The vegetables were prepared as if for Chinese food. It was the most tasteless curry ever. It's just a shame there is no good Indian in Brooklyn Heights/BoCoCa. (And strange that they all keep changing their names and moving around, but many share the same wording on their menus.)
It wasn't bad and it wasn't good.  The sauces were tasty, which covered up the dryness of the lamb.  I don't eat Indian food very often so I am far from an expert but I would say this was mediocre at best.  The place was pretty empty so each table had their own server, so I can't complain. Service was good.  The naan was delicious, but that's hard to mess up, right?  Would I come back here? Probably not but mostly because I learned that I am not a huge fan of Indian food.
This place is crawling with mice.  Our waiter comforted us by saying that "they come every night."
This location on Remsen Street has seen a string of Indian restaurants, each less memorable than it's predecessor. Thankfully, Curry Spot has turned that trend around. The food was fresh and tasted home made from high quality ingredients. Looking forward to the next meal.
I'd been craving Indian for some weeks now, and I finally had the chance to order some. A friend and I have ordered from here via GrubHub a couple of times and our food was delivered a full half hour before the estimated delivery time both times, which earns a star in and of itself in my opinion. Despite the difficulty I had understanding the delivery guy when he arrived, I think this is a good choice for Indian food if you are ordering in. We both ordered the chicken tikka masala which was delicious and enough for us each to get 2 meals out of it. I have not had a whole lot of Indian food before, but my friend grew up eating it and she said it was very good. We also ordered some naan, which was fresh baked and yummy. Although I think $2.25 for one piece of naan is a little ridiculous, this seems to be the trend at all the Indian places in the area, so I'll deal. I would definitely order from here again.
I'm in the area regularly and I like going here when I don't feel like cooking or venturing out. It's usually this or In the Heights.Their dinner special is great, although it doesn't exactly save you much. I'm not an expert on Indian food but I have tried many different places in the city and this was definitely one of the better ones.
If you are looking for a large amount of Indian food for low price, Curry Heights is the place to try in Brooklyn Heights. The food there is good and the place has delivery. I tried the Lamb Tikka Masala while my friend got the Lamb Curry. The  portions were large and the food filling but I was left a bit disappointed by the quality of the meat. The curry, however, was impressive and better than a lot of other Indian restaurants that I have tried.
The food here is excellent. I would definitely eat here again, only I would make sure to order it as take-out next time. The service here was atrocious. I felt unnecessarily neglected for the entire meal... until they dropped the check; that was prompt enough. TLDR: great indian food; get it to go.
Just ordered here for the first--and last--time. Thank you, Curry Heights, for ruining my lunch! First, I have never had papadum (papadom) this awful. It's a wafer for goodness sakes, how can you mess that up?! It was overly spiced but more importantly, it wasn't crispy. I was shocked that I had to work to break into its staleness. Just bad. Second, DO NOT order the Kachori appetizer. It's awful and not even close to the description in the menu. It was supposed to me stuffed flattened pastry when instead it was a pile of soggy, fried (if I had known it was fried, I wouldn't have ordered it) chips with some chick peas at the bottom and a topping thrown on top. Terrible. Third, when I told them I was getting a message from their online ordering that the restaurant was closed, they pointed to a computer. Um, OK, how does that help me? I have to go out now and spend more money on lunch since I couldn't eat Curry Heights's crap.
Finally, a delicious Indian food option in the neighborhood! I agree with what's been said about working out the kinks, but I'm willing to be patient. The food is lovely, the staff is kind and attentive, the prices are more than reasonable, the space is new and clean, and it's quiet and not packed with people on a Friday night. I really cannot ask for more.
This place was delicious. The servers were friendly and the food came out quickly. It could be because we came past the dinner rush, but we did not experience the wait described by others. Check it out for some tasty reasonably priced Indian food.
With the dismal quality of brownstone Brooklyn's Indian restaurants, we were eager to try Curry Spot.  We came away favorably impressed.  The entrees were flavorful and not overcooked.  The salmon tikka was probably the best we've had.  The aloo saag was spiced differently than we've eaten before, but very tasty.  Other parts of the meal were less successful.  The kachori was too runny for our taste, and the sweet lassi was not frothy and diluted by ice cubes.Unlike the September reviews, service was prompt and attentive (to be expected when only two couples are dining).  All in all, we're glad to now have good Indian food in the neighborhood.
YUMMY!!! Now I'm not an expert by any means on Indian food but I absolutely loved the Curry Spot. I go to school only a few blocks from it, and my friends were pretty hesitant to go. (They had to though, the cafeteria was closed and I had a craving for Indian food.) When we first saw it we almost turned back because of the flags, and other crazy decorations out in front of the restaurant but In the end, my friends all thanked me for finding this place! As college student's we're all about deals, and their two course meal deal, $13.95 is a little steep for us but for an appetizer, an entree, naan bread, and rice, it was definitely worth it. There was no wait at all and the service was great! I've recommended it to everyone, including those who have grown up on home made Indian food.
Decent food. Good prices. Had the chicken biryani and a dal (lentil) dish and both were tasty. The naan and the samosa appetizer were nothing special, but they were good nonetheless. We ate in the restaurant. During the time we were there, their delivery business on this cold Sunday night was quite brisk.
I ordered with seamlessweb.com, and it said it would take 30-45 minutes.  It took 26 min to get the food to DUMBO!  And it's good!  The "medium" spice is really spicy, so I'm glad I didn't get "hot".  I'm so thrilled to have another delivery option to DUMBO, since we have slim pickings down here.
I order from this place all the time and have generally been very satisfied, but last night it took 1.5 hours for the food to come, the food was cold, and I found several hairs in it. I asked the delivery person about getting a discount (probably not the right person to ask), and he just smiled and shrugged. I will probably order from Amin next time.
Amazing Indian food!  They have the best chicken tikka masala.  They also have a really good naan that's stuffed with coconut and raisins.  I would highly recommend this place.  The prices are pretty good, and they have a great special where you get an appetizer, entree, and naan for $12 or $13.
Great food, great service. Excellent vegetarian options, and really good lunch deals!
The food is great, but the waitstaff is completely uncommunicative.
