Some of the best curry in the entire USA. Get here and try it. But if you are an evil crime lord in a movie, and you're in need of a henchmen, you should go to "Hire-a-baddie." They'll provide you with some randomly evil, superficially menacing guys that nobody will miss when the clichéd hero shoots them or does whatever the hero does. However if you want a delicious curry that will absolutely rock your world, come to Hyderabadi Biryani instead.What to get: the Chicken Tikka Masala lunch special What else: Adam Sandler is the Donkey Kong world championWhat does that have to do with the price of bacon: there's no bacon in these dishesHow can you be sure: No pigs were harmed in the making of this curryBy the way, if you do get a henchman, make sure you give the henchman water. You must always remember to "Hydrate-your-baddie." Anyway back to the review.I've tried a lot of Indian food in NYC, and I have a clear "fave five" which are Seva, Biryani Cart, Ganesh Temple Canteen (which I'll review soon), Kati Roll, and of course, Hyderabadi. Of the five, these owners are the sweetest. It's a little family making their delicious home-made dishes each day and serving them up to you at very fair, competitive prices with large portions that will fill you up. It's always a pleasure to come in here, and sadly (unlike the other four places) it always seems to be quiet, which just makes me want to come here more. Easily one of the best curries in the country, and some of the nicest service too. Although I may be biased by the fact that I was shamelessly flirting with the daughter of the owner. I have a thing for Indian girls, what can I say. They taste like Frooti.So I have a friend named Patrick from Ireland who constantly acts like he's on methamphetamines or something. He never shuts the f*** up. He bounces off the walls 24/7. He must be manic, seriously. But anyway, his nickname is "Hyper-paddy" and this restaurant is named after him.I compare this place very directly to Seva in Astoria, which is fancier, better for dine-in, and far more "restauranty" whereas Hyderabadi is just a hole in the wall (that one's for you, Garland). However, decore aside, much like Seva, this is some of the best British-Indian food anywhere in the USA. It's one of the most delicious Chicken Tikka Masalas I have ever eaten, including all the ones in England. It's a dish that was invented by immigrants to England from India and Pakistan, which were regrettably colonized by the bastards, I mean the British. I apologize. But thanks for the amazing food and I hope you're at least enjoying the cricket, the Vimto, and the Queen's version of English (ew).So did you know that Natalie Portman can read Egyptian cave paintings? That's how she got the nickname "Hieroglyphic-natty" which is what this restaurant is named after. She's also super smart in general and very attractive. Especially in "Closer." Speaking of Closer, if you come any closer while I'm reading this review to you, I'll pour curry paste on your head. No, not that head. Jeez.Easily some of the best Indian food I've *ever* eaten in the US. Bear in mind that if you're familiar with *real* Indian food (such as in Jackson Heights, or if you're actually Indian), this might not be your cup of tea. It's the kind of British Indian food that the UK is famous for, which was invented by Indians but aimed at the Brits. For some reason most of the USA has "americanized Indian food" which I find to be incredibly bland and awful and lacking in flavour. British Indian on the other hand rocks my world and drives me crazy and may actually be my favourite cuisine *in the world* maybe, possibly. It's that good.So me and my Dad used to share this really hot girl from across the street. I guess she liked the generation gap fetish or something, idk. One time, my mother came home early from the pub, right when we were in the middle of, well, sharing her. He had the idea of throwing her out the window (my Dad is a jerk), and the girl was like, why can't you just hide me in the closet moron. And I was like, yes, yes, "hide-her-daddy."And this restaurant is named after those famous words of mine. (Btw he didn't hide her, Mum walked in, a divorce ensued. Probably for the best. If the girl who we failed to hide is reading, hi! I'm single! I have the same email! Get in touch!)I'm not sure why people say I had an unusual and mentally-scarring upbringing, seriously. Oh and then, not long after that, my Mum was stabbed with a knife (surface wound only, she's fine). It was kind of my fault. I had a friend named Cal from India. I told him that my Mum had said some nasty things about India, and he took it very personally. So one night when he was visiting me and I was in the bathroom, Calcutta.
Awesome spot! Great food and friendly staff. Very clean and the food is very fresh. Definitely coming back! Matter of fact, ordering a delivery in a few minutes.
Was very disappointed, it fact it was so bad that I decided to sign up for Yelp. Just as some of the reviewers have written the older lady is grumpy and comes across as though she wants your money and nothing else.The name is Hyderabadi Biryani but was poor at best. Ordered chicken biryani, gravy came in a small pot and was fridge cold, Gravy should be served hot. Biryani itself was flavorless as they just have a large pot of rice and they then stir in whichever meat or fish one orders. You'd think with a name like Hyderabadi Biryani they would cook it properly with the meat cooked with the rice so the flavor seeps into the rice throughout. even the sign at the front is wrong, it says chat and what they mean is chaat a spicy Indian dish that contains yoghurt in most instances.
I came here on a Saturday night. It wasn't super busy and the staff are super nice and gave recommendations. We got mango lassi, dhal bhata puri, the chicken hyperabadi, chili chicken biryani, lamb rogan gash,  garlic, jalapeño, sesame and spinach and cheese Naan, and tandoori chicken. Great variety of Indian food.
I was totally craving their goat biryani all week. Finally went and got takeout. It was soooo good. I normally don't like biryani from restaurants but this taste authentic. Hubby got fried mirchi; pretty good but the sauces it comes with needs a little help.
Ordered delivery through grub hub with a friend. Took an hour and half to get the food (friend lives like 2-3 blocks away from the shop but figured to order because of the heavy rain). We got the vegetable samosas (1.99 for 3 pieces), chicken tikka masala (8.99), & grilled shrimp (12.99)All of the food was really cold and shrimp was overcooked.Guessing this was because the food seems to be pre-made in the morning and left buffet-style behind the counter throughout the day (Judging from pictures).Also expected the shrimp dish to be a lot bigger. Completely underwhelming (came with lettuce, cilantro, onions, & lime). Looked more like an appetizer and my friend agreed that the best part of the dish was the onions.Overall was a bit disappointing but I guess it's edible and tasted ok. Wouldn't recommend or order again personally.
This place is a hit or miss, don't order spicy unless you're prepared to starve because it's too spicy to even eat. Every time I do order from here it's like theres a new cook as the taste is different every time but like I said hit or miss.
Check out the mango lassi with kesar. Ohh but the portion size is small!!!!  GOOD THOUGH
The food here is pretty cheap. We got the chicken tikka masala, the malai kebab, & an order of spinach / cheese naan. Everything that we ordered was just average. Nothing special about it. Actually the chicken tikka masala was a bit of a disappointment. It's more like a chicken curry. It's not that bad but it's not that good either. It's a bit bland for us. The chicken tikka masala came with a side order of white rice. We ordered an extra naan, a bottle of water, & a can of soda. All total, we spent about $25. We were full but not satisfied with out meal. The service was good. The people behind the counter were very polite. It's worth stopping by if you just want a quick cheap meal.
The first time I ordered from here was on seamless a was a few months ago and I wasn't too impressed so I never had the urge to order again. I finally decided to go today and I must say, I'm very impressed this time around. I got butter chicken with garlic nan and it was pretty good and hit the spot!
We come here when we have a cravings for mutter paneer & Nan roti.Amazing Tika chicken masala & chai is okay.Samosa is too small &  not as good as JH probably skip that !Remember to wash your hands somewhere else coz they don't provide wash room ! Some of their food taste better when u use hand only, not spoon & fork.1 star down for lack of wash room , other than that food is great
Yay! I'm so excited I found a delicious Indian spot a little closer to home so I don't have to trek all the way to Seva in Astoria. This is a take-out kind of restaurant, however there are a few tables and chairs that can sit up to about 16-18 people for those who choose to dine-in. I came in during lunch hours and ordered the chicken lunch combo. That combo comes with a choice of chicken curry, a vegetarian side, rice, and naan. I got the chicken tikka masala over yellow rice with an eggplant side. I noticed on my receipt it said it was $7.99, despite a chalkboard advertising chicken lunch combos to be $6.99 which was a little strange. Perhaps it was because I ordered yellow rice versus plain rice? Nonetheless I was not feeling particularly confrontational today so I didn't bother asking but that is something to take note of. The older lady who took our order was very motherly and cute. I could see why some reviewers may think she is rude since she does not smile at all. She let us sample some chicken to decide which we wanted and was sure to give us recommendations as well as warn us as to which are spicy. Friendly staff.The chicken tikka masala was flavored very well and the chicken was actually very moist! The eggplant had a nice kick to it, I recommend it. The yellow rice, superb. I actually do not think the portions are that huge like some Yelpers say, you just get a lot of rice... or maybe I'm just a beast. The garlic naan was made to order and was probably the best garlic naan I've had to date. It was plenty garlicky, just the way I like it. When you eat the naan immediately after it's made, the naan has an ever so slight crunch like a perfectly baked thin-crust pizza. Garlic naan for $1.99, what?!... I'll take it! You know this place is legit when all the customers coming in are Indians. I know where I'll be going the next time I'm craving Indian cuisine.
Just ordered delivery for chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, and aloo tikki chat. I specified no cilantro for all of the three dishes. As soon as I tasted aloo tikki chat, I could taste cilantro really strongly. I called and the front lady was insisting she did not put any cilantro. I told her I could taste and see it. She then said she only put green chutney. I asked if cilantro goes in green chutney. She said yes. She was like you did not say no green chutney. Really????? If there is any sauce that has cilantro in it and the customer said no cilantro for all three dishes, they should have not put it. They did not do anything about it (no exchange, no credit or whatsoever) but she just gave me a quick apology and hang up. Worst customer experience ever!!!!
Great food!  Fresh and deliciously spiced.  Also they remembered me after my first visit.  Watch Bollywood movies while you eat!   Love this place.
Pretty good Indian fast food spot. Cheap prices and yummy food. Hot table has plenty to choose from and you definitely get your bucks worth! If your craving Indian food, stop by here!What we ordered: Pain puri: not the best. Wouldn't recommend it here. Chaat: small portion and it was ok, not the best. I had 2 meats for the entree. Chicken tikka masala and goat curry. Both were good, just lacked the spicy-ness I was craving. Came with rice, naan and papadam. Large quantities and good price! I'd come back here again!
Any one of their biryanis - order it, stat. It's some of the best I've had. I can't say much about the other food as we didn't try it but the vegetable biryani was a huge hit. It was clear they were making it fresh because we waited a good 10-15 minutes and it was brought out piping hot. Each rice strand was perfectly coated with mixed ground and whole spices, and served with cashews, cauliflower, carrots, peas and small bits of tofu tossed in. We asked for it spicy and the biryani was delivered with just the right amount of heat, so that the flavors of the dish werent compromised. Its served with a raita on the side which is the absolute perfect accompaniment (though worth mentioning that the side pickle was nothing to write home about). Huge portion for around $9, and it fed two of us + leftovers. Would gladly return for the biryani alone. Highly recommend!
Been a fan of this delightful resteraunt right here in Flushing, Queens. The service and the food are amazing.
My roommate and I went here this morning. She ordered a chicken tikka biryani and I ordered palak paneer with onion naan bread. She said her biryani was very good. My onion naan bread was the best one I've eaten till date but palak paneer was OKAY. It is a self service place and was clean and good enough. Not too impressive though. Menu is interesting. I may visit again.
The chicken tikka masala and butter chicken are pretty good. The restaurant is quiet and clean.
4-Stars for the chicken jalfrezi entree which was very flavorful! :)  The sauce stood out from the typical curries and masala. The black cardamom really made the dish extra special! There was also a good proportion of bell peppers and chicken chunks.  Boneless chicken was fresh tasting and not dry as some places may precook this.  For a take out place, food was fresh cooked and the quality was good.  3-Stars for service.  Went in the first time and one of the ladies was not very helpful with allergen information in the dishes.  Basically, she said there were no made-to-order entrees suitable either and the kitchen couldn't make accommodations from the menu and let me leave. Later, I spoke with another female employee who gave me some entree options from menu after I was very proactive in asking for more details. Further, no utensils/napkins were packed in my bag even though this is solely a take-out business....not good when you're starving and wanna eat on the go. Naan was also left out of veggie platter ordered.However, I will give them the benefit of the doubt as they seem like nice people and hard working running a family business.  Maybe they are used to catering to their regulars and not accustomed to different dietary needs.
Mmmmm!I had been craving butter chicken for the longest time. Not in the mood to venture out to Jackson Heights for my usual order of chicken makhani and garlic naan, I turned to Yelp to help me try and find another place to fix my craving.This place is... well, alright. Granted, I got the lunch special (9.79 for boneless chicken side and a vegetable side, along with a half of roti), but I found that the woman behind the counter wasn't afraid to accomodate my tastes (she added extra sauce -- yum!). I've definitely had better butter chicken. It also was a little cold, so that definitely took away from the satisfaction. I would still go and get take-out there, being that I just got the lunch special, but I'm noting that my usual place might just be better. All in all, cute place. I feel myself getting cravings again!
I love their naan! I dip it in their chicken tikka marsala curry sauce and it is utter perfection. Their chicken and sauces so far are all good. They have the main dishes already prepared in the shop, so you can come and easily point and choose what you want to order to go.I'm not an expert on Indian food, but so far I love this place! I'm happy to have a good indian place close to home.
Recently went back and happy to say I would still recommend this gem of a place. The price displayed is clear and unambiguous. The prices seems to have went up slightly which is totally fine. The amount of food that is served with the combo plates make it very reasonable for a very filling lunch or dinner. Had the Chili Chicken as well as Chicken Tikka Masala. Everything tasted fresh. Service was good, quick and efficient. Would not hesitate to visit and recommend when in this part of Flushing and craving Indian.
This is probably the worse Indian restaurant ever.I just ordered a takeout after couple of years when I had the bad experience and it appears nothing has changed. I ordered a chicken tikka Biryani and chicken tikka masala. You would think the restaurant with the name Biryani would make it good, not this place. Biryani was not fresh and it appears they just warmed it up. the tandoori chicken tikka pieces were dry and the biryani was stale. Chicken tikka masala was also average. Oh and I specifically repeated few times to make my dishes extra spicy. These idiots sprayed few green chilies on top on chicken tikka and on Biryani, they didn't even do that. So much for paying attention to detail. I wouldn't go back to this place if they paid me.If you are thinking of ordering from this shit-hole, do yourself a favor and don't!
Did a delivery order.Pretty good...but there were just chunks of peppercorns and spices in the biriyani that I bit into, and they weren't pleasant.Maybe i'll try the other items next time..
Found this place through yelp and thought to give it a try. I ordered three chicken biryanis to go for a potluck. The rice was very flavorful and very aromatic. I got mild spice just in case and it was just right in terms of spice. The chicken was flavorful as well. Portions are big as well!!
Food is very disgusting and oily. The chicken was so oily and stale my whole throat felt like it was closing up after I ate from this place. Beware and the lady that works there is very rude I asked her for extra chutney and she gave me 2 spoons of chutney. She is a very cheap lady. Prices are very high for this ghetto piece of shit place
Crappy food period.  I've gotten sick twice eating at this restaurant.  Other than lunchbox, everything is over priced.   $13 biryani lol.  Horrible service, they are rude taking orders and in person.  Someone needs to remind the owner THAT IT IS ILLEGAL TO DENY TAP WATER TO RESTAURANT PATRONS IN NEW YORK!   I felt like my money was being snatched away from me when I was forced to buy bottled water.
Holy shit. This was incredible. Great food, great prices, and very hospitable staff. I was craving Indian food for some time but I live in Flushing where the majority of the populace is Chinese and I felt too lazy to go into manhattan by myself.This place is a godsend. I'm definitely coming back here again.
This is the greatest place. Came here in search of an authentic meal and I found delicious food made with love. The staff gave us a warm welcome and was very helpful with choosing what to eat.
With recommendations from a friend, i visited this place few weeks ago. This place had actually pretty good food for very great price. Their garlic naan were on top of their game with their unbeatable price if $2. I been to few other Indian restaurants and found it to be lot more pricey. The taste of the food was pretty good but this place is definitely more of a take out place. There's not a lot of parking as it is located on kissena blvd, the wait for the food wasn't too bad. I had chicken tikka masla, my usual for an indian cuisine. For the price you pay, this place is really good. It left me full, and i savored every bite of it. I have my other preferred dine-in Indian restaurant, but I will definitely come back for to-go lunch or dinner.
HORRIBLE SERVICE!!! The lady who works here has a nasty attitude, as if she is giving free food!!!!First, the pani puri is good but the puri's are stale!! When we told the lady they were stale she said "oh okay, we got them fresh this morning, so i dont know"!!!! So we thought maybe that day was a bad day. We decided to go there again, and the puri's were stale again!!!! Second, the dahi puri is good, you dont notice the stale puri's there cause of the yogurts...but still yummy!! Third, when asked the lady for sweet chutney she rudely said that she has already given one, which is a tiny packet hardly enough for one person!! When we told her we will pay extra for extra sweet chutney, she gave us 4 chutney's for about 6 orders of chat!!!! Not only that but also charged 50 cents for each!!! We dont mind paying at least give us more quantity!!!!The 2 stars are for the dahi puri only even though the puri's were stale!!! Bad customer service!!!! Very bad customer service!! The biryani is edible and the chicken 65 was made very sour!!!! If they have better people working here, this place would be soo much better!!'
I stumbled here on a late night and ordered my favorite chicken tikka masala. I was a bit skeptical because I usually dont eat indian food from everywhere however the food was very tasty and flavorful and enough for me to eat off of for two days!! Cant wait to go back.
Stopped here for dinner when visiting NY.. As we entered, it looked more of a take out place but we did dine in.. Awesome and one of a kind Pani puri.. And gobi manchurian.. Naan was delicious.. Paneer butter masala was 4/5.. I really enjoyed their food.. Must recommended place
I am giving two starts because of their serviceI really like their food. It is good!But then the guy at the counter is lazy as f***.Old lady is always nice and never messed up my order but He Always DoesOne time he forgot to give me Naan and the other day he forgot to give me fork and spoon.I guess he will forget to give me the food I order next time?????
Another very very solid 3 stars!!!! This is one of my drive to destinations for home cooked Indian food. Decor has no meaning for me. It's all about the preparation. Quality of ingredients, etc.  It's not a first date place. Or maybe it is?? Though I have no problems driving or biking to this restaurant.  It's in no way a I.C.E. Restaurant I have only tried their vegetarian entrees so far and I have no complaints. All was fresh ..Friendly staff, and clean environment. Great food for great prices. This place is beyond better than the majority of Indian restaurants in Jackson Heights/Roosevelt. If you are in the area. Do not hesitate.
The spicy Biryani was really good I would def go back to this place. they have several options were its regular medium spicy or Really spicy  I personally enjoyed it and I have gone to several restaurants and they are totally different from this place, the only downside is the portion and the prices they should just give alil more rice with the food. Other then that try this place out I recommend it.
Just got the butter chicken combo with Mango Lessi, Garlic Nan, and Samosas and it was so good! My first time here and everyone was so nice and made sure if something was to spicy for me. Defiantly a great place to go if you don't want to go all the way to JH
Customer Service: Good customer service, no complaints.Environment: it's not a fancy restaurant but good enough for a quick stop by for lunch/dinner. Food: LOVE THEIR CHICKEN BIRIYANI - can't speak for the rest of the menu but I'm sure it's just as good!!
Came here for a lunch special to go. They have all of the different curries displayed in different trays.They have two different lunch special options:2 veggie curries with rice and naan1 meat/chicken curry and 1 veggie curry with rice and naan which is a buck morethe woman was nice enough to explain all of the different curries to me. i settled on the chicken curry and the lentil curry. I wish the lentil curry had a bit more sauce and you have to beware of hidden chicken bones in the chicken curry but otherwise the meal satisfied my curry craving. My favorite part was the basmati rice. The thin naan bread they gave me was a bit tough and dry but bigger than my hand. It had a slight bitter taste. I wouldnt waste my time chewing it and just focus on the rice. I would go back and try all of the different veggie curries and their chat if i am on that block. They have a few small tables if you want to eat there. Like the size of a chinese take out place which i believe used to be there before they took over.
My go-to place when I'm craving chicken tikka masala, butter chicken, and garlic naan. There's plenty of seating if you want to eat-in, but the food tastes just as good as carry-out as well.
I wish I can give zero stars but sadly I can't. This is by far the worst Indian food spot there is! First off they have a huge menu on display with prices. When I ordered my food, I get a bill with the items at a higher price. I asked the lady and she pulls out a menu from under the counter with the "new" prices. Even tho the menu on display is with the old. Second, the food is beyond disgusting. I ordered the chicken biryani and specifically asked for mild and she made it extremely spicy. I asked for the sheesh kebab and the picture looks like beef and yet she makes chicken kebab. When I asked why she gave me the wrong order she simply said we only do chicken. The picture and description were just plain misleading. Their sauces are gross and water-downed. Samosas are oily and cold served. Their spinach and cheese naan is dry with barely any cheese or spinach. Just the worst experience I've had. Biggest waste of money. In short, it's over priced, horrible taste and terrible service. Avoid it if you can.
So I was driving around the neighborhood when my girlfriend told me that she wanted to go to this place. We whipped out the Yelp app, and saw that it was rated 4-Stars. We were interested, so here's the scoop.Entrees - (2/5)Fish Masala - It contained, I believe, two or three boneless tilapia fillets and a bowl of rice. That's a great deal! However, the sauce was rather watery and insipid...so most of it stayed on the plate. I wish they would have let the sauce reduce more, so that it wasn't as watery.Chicken Jal Farezi - It was a wonderful serving of boneless, cubed chicken served in a sauce full of vegetables. I especially loved how the dish had some kick, but not too much. I devoured this dish! Chicken Tikka Masala - Boneless, cubed chicken served in a tomato cream sauce with a bowl of rice. It was tasty, but a little too creamy for me. I only had a little bit of that, since it was my girlfriends dish.Ambiance/Decor - (2/5)The inside is clean and spacious. There isn't much elegance, so don't take a date there if you're trying to woo them. My only problem, albeit a huge one, is that we went on a super cold day (temperature was around 30 degrees outside on Saturday), so every time people opened the door we felt the bitter cold inside. It's not a pleasant experience to feel like you're eating outside whenever the door opens. Perhaps they could install a secondary door to contain the cold like other restaurants do?Service - (1/5)This was a huge let down for me. If you're going to have a sit down restaurant....you need to have a bathroom! I asked to use the bathroom and I was told to go to Walgreens down the block! (The man in Walgreens hesitated to let me in, but eventually he gave in. I suppose the look of desperation on my face convinced him). Seriously, though, why wouldn't they let patrons use the bathroom. I enjoy washing my hands before and after I eat. I also have to pee and poop, as most humans routinely do. If you eat at this place, you'd better be ready to hold it in. Personally, I won't be going back. I can't deal with these shenanigans.Bottom Line - If you're going to order take-out, go for it. If you're looking to sit down and eat, skip it.
Most disgusting Indian food I ever ate. Biryani had rose water smell and gobi Manchuria was soft and filled with lettuce and capsicum. Seriously bad food. Biryani gravy was a capsicum curry which tasted really bad. Biryani raita was sweet as a dessert. Horrible.
I haven't written a review yet?...I was pretty happy when HBC opened because I've been hoping for a good nearby Indian option as the restaurants a block away on Main Street never really did it for me. I've been here several times, but only to pick up Seamless orders (yay seamless) so I can't tell you anything about the dining in experience. The space is quite small with only a handful of tables, and the decor is very minimalist, yet functional. It seems to cater more to the "pick up your order and go" option, which is fine because I always love sitting in front of my tv with some awesome food. I've had the goat, lamb, and chicken in a variety of curries and biryani, and I was never disappointed. Last night, I ordered the coconut chicken with an order of their samosas, and thoroughly enjoyed it. The chicken is always juicy and hearty, and the curry is spiced just perfectly with the proper consistency. The samosas are a favorite of mine as they're just packed to the brim with yummies (and if you use the mild green sauce, whoaaaa).The naan seems to always be a little too oily but still quite fresh and delicious. All in all, the quality and quantity of food is great especially since you do get your money's worth.
A little hole in the wall spot off Kissena Blvd.Lovely staff friendly and kind.  We always get the garlic naan, with chunks of garlic too.Tikkimasala and Butter chicken.Even sometimes have enough for togo next day!Check It out!
They're family. I always seem to encounter the same woman there. On the phone or behind the counter, she's my number 3 mother from another. I feel the food is made with love, and they go above and beyond to give you value. Hate to say it, but PR is a rarity in flushing. And I've thought in the past that most Indian fare tastes the same. Not here. Just wish I wasn't so lazy to not dine there in person more often. Pakistani Tea below Canal will always be a favorite. The cheap vegetarian in the basement on Houston as well. But this place is exceptional as well. Recommend going solo and people watch with great food.
This is my favorite local Indian spot! I always feel welcomed when I come in, they are practically family. I feel like I'm at my aunts house for dinner! Everything is always prepared fresh, made to order! Literally addicting!!! I find myself stumbling in here all the time!!! I bring friends here all the time. I'm vegetarian and they have plenty of options! Yumm!!
Extemely soggy and tastless and missing ingredients. Horrible after taste. The guys told me 15 minutes and then when i got there he said it was almost ready and then continued to start making it infront of my face. if you wanna try this place dont. save your self the time and money.
Authentic Indian food at reasonable prices.  Very easy to place orders on-line for those winter nights when I'm craving some goat curry, lamb biryani, and aloo gobi.  Everything is delicious there.
The food was just... ok. Spices were there, but it was largely undersalted and was missing heat. The aloo tikki chaat wasn't spicy and more watery that I expected.The mango lassi and chole bhature wasn't bad. There's not a lot of seating and service was a little slow.I would give it 2.5 stars. An average experience.
Excellent hospitality and excellent authentic Indian cuisine. Delicious garlic and onion Naan and tasty main dishes. We had a succulent butter chicken and a spicy Vindaloo chicken. It tasted like homemade comfort food with bunches of flavor. Please go here if you want to be surprised!PS the mango lassi can do no wrong! :)
Best place ever to go for Indian food in Flushing. Personally walked half an hour just to get food from its place. Prices are very reasonable and the people at the place are very courteous and kind. The paneer, samosa, and mango lassi are a must get.
Had high expectations ordering from this place with all the good reviews. Ordered chicken biriyani. Smelled great. Tasted OK. Lack of flavor. 10minutes after was sooo sick and in the bathroom. And sick for 2 days. Won't be ordering from here ever again.
Just tried this place for the first time.  They've been in the neighborhood for a long time now and now i know why.  The food is pretty good.  They have a large menu. The chicken tikki masala was good. The samosa was a little salty and dry, not to mention soggy but the garlic nann is pretty good.  The decor is similar to other take out restaurants. A few wooden tables on the side.  Service is very friendly. Tip: not sure they have ac, our it's only on in the back.
Delicious , authentic hyderabadi food! So hard to find a restaurant with good prices that serves good hyderabadi good, I go here all the time and it never disappoints !
Their food is delightful. Love the lunch combos, it's comes with naan and today I received this spicy biscuit really good!! Super cheap and worth the money
Absolutely the best butter chicken I have had. I could eat it every day. The people who run this restaurant are so nice. The portions are substantial. I could eat their butter chicken every day!
This is a new place that recently opened about a week or two ago. Biryani pointe is one of the few or maybe even the first Indian eatery opened in Flushing.(It's actually my first time seeing an Indian restaurant o_o)Which is great because Indian food is great and I don't want to have to travel to Jackson Heights on my lunch break to get it.I think the food there was pretty good, I've gotten the chicken Biryani and my boyfriend got the lamb Biryani. When we ordered we had to wait (it wasn't a long wait) so the food wasn't just displayed out and you just order and they get it for you.The woman went to the back and had it made so it was fresh. I mean you can tell when you got the food too. The rice was flavorful when it finally came out. It was really hot and was really good when I had that first bite of rice. Oh! There was onions and green one top of the rice with a slice of lime ( A little lime with the rice was YUMMY!! )I could smell and taste the spices that was used for the rice!! Oh and since I got the chicken biryani of course there would be CHICKEN! The chicken pieces were BIG! And you do get about 4 pieces or so with your rice so that was nice lol.The same goes with the lamb biryani- got big pieces of lamb! It was good ~~ (I had some from my boyfriend XP) AH! We were also given like little desserts thingy , it was good and I'm sorry but I don't know what they were called.One of them was white with little transparent balls, it was good because it wasn't sweet and the texture was similar to pudding i guess?The other one, which I liked more was in a white liquid (milk?)  with noodles. Again it wasn't sweet! (which I think is better)We also had the samosa , there was two different kinds well not different kinds but more like size. There was the samosa whichin one order has two. The other one is called small samosa and they give you three pieces. We got the samosa with the two pieces and it wasn't a samosa i think, well the ones I've eaten anyways. It was still good tho, had a little of spicy-ness to it.This place also had a lunch special which consists of three choices- there's the veg curries with rice and roti, 1 veg and chicken curry with rice and roti,and last the veg and lamb curry with rice and roti. They seem like good deals, I really want to try their curry and onion paratha :DI hope this place stays cause it is good, they have chat specials (with are like appetizers) has two different sandwhichs (plain sandwich and special grilled sandwich), five different biryani, they got different chicken curries, different lamb curries, got rotis (plain, aloo paratha, and onion paratha) and also veg curries. I think this place would do well cause there are many Indian and southasian in flushing as well. I plan to go back wed to try their curry! :D
I decided to give this place one more try after having bad experiences. I'm glad I did. They switched up their recipe on one of the dishes I always get. It's so yummy & tasty. I love it! Thank you guys!!!
One of the best restaurant in town with great authentic food, reasonable price and friendly staff. Some vegetarian dishes are quite spicy but if you like Indian food you will be crazy for them, and the bitter melon curry here is the best bitter melon dish I've had. Meat dishes and biryanis are not very outstanding but still tasty. The samosas here are not good but go well as samosa chat.
I'm not sure if they have new management, or someone finally read these Yelp reviews, but they have seriously upped their game. Ordered delivery tonight via Seamless and was pleasantly surprised.The butter chicken was moist and creamy, chicken tikka biryani was fresh and nicely presented (sliced onions, lime, boiled egg and cilantro was garnished on top). The saag aloo was smooth and the potatoes were cooked perfectly. The garlic naan was as usual and their rasmalai was like biting into milky, pillowy clouds of deliciousness!The only reason for the 4 star review is because it is still overly spicy (this is coming from a 1/2 Jamaican gyal). I get the fact that Indian cuisine is typically spicy, however though now tasty, it still borders on being inedible. Perhaps limiting the amount of chili peppers or giving customers a spice level option would def garnish 5 stars. Other than that, kudos to the new chef, or management!
This is the best Indian restaurant in flushing, great tasting food plus the people are very friendly..definitely my favorite place to go for Indian food
I noticed that the reviews here are very mixed. I actually like this place. I ordered in person here a few times. The cashier lady seem okay to me. She did her job. You can dine in here and eat comfortably in the chairs and table. It is not big but not a small place.  I tried: Samosa chaat - it's samosas mixed with chickpeas and sweet curry sauce. This you have to try. I paid about $6 and I highly recommend this.Mango lassi- $2 Excellent. It is creamy and there is no ice.You can pick out a plate of food for about $7.Chicken tikka massala platter with rice and okras- This was very high in sodium but it taste descent.
I ate in a lot of fast-food Indian restaurants and this place is deff near the top of the list. Food is always consistent and good. Good selection of veggie dishes as well as meat. However, it is more on the spicy side. Regardless, it is my "go to" local Indian restaurant for a quick fix. Also: love their 1 $ lemon juice.
Delicious! As a vegetarian, eating at this place was a breeze. I love paneers and my plate did not fail me. It was the perfect spicy. The garlic naan? Best one Ive tried to date.The place is sit down but not waiter style. Certain dishes are already premade, buffet style, while others are cooked on the spot. The place was clean and customer service was excellent. Excellent little gem in Queens.
Delicious food with real Indian spices. Specially Chicken Tikka Biryani is great. Small but calm and clean space to eat.
The service over here is fast .. chilly chicken was spicy and delicious.. the staff is cooperative too... love their chat items...overall a nice place...
hyderabadi is my neighborhood fast food.  i come in and order from their steam table when i need a quick cheap dinner.food on the steam table always look fresh.  they have a good vegetarian selection and a platter of rice and 2 veggies is only a few cents over $5.most of the dishes fall on the milder side but i have never had a problem with freshness.overall a good neighborhood find.
Great indian food, love their curry goat especially and the best part is they deliver.
This place is very good when it comes to presentation of the food. Their prices are on the higher end of this type of restaurant. The food is hit or miss, depending on what you get. The reason for three stars is that they don't know how to cook Nan and they also charge tax on Nan, who does that? Overall the place is clean and workers are nice. If they can get the Nan thing is straight, I will update my review.
Super quick delivery! Great portion sizes. And the price is very reasonable. The Chicken Tikka Masala was rich and the chicken was super moist. I also really enjoyed the  samosa...I usually find them to be dry and lacking in flavor but this one was succulent and full of flavor and spice. I'll be ordering from here again
Key words: cheap, fast, filling, and within easy reach.Some days, I don't try. I wander about like a zombie, absent of motivation or personality or interests. I achieve such a state of incomprehensible laziness that I fail to address the needs of my body until I am pressed by those primitive, biological instincts in my gut. In this time of most urgent need, Hyderabadi is my solace. Even if I'm barely capable of expressing myself through grunts and pointing, the gentle-voiced matriarch behind the counter will call me "dear" and lovingly send me home with takeout containers bulking with flavorful curries and crunchy pakoda. Sometimes she imparts some maternal wisdom on the health benefits of spinach.Also, it doesn't hurt that the food quality is above average. The hot bar features 2 meat entrees, 4 vegetarian entrees, lentil soup, and 2 fried options on most days. Even at slightly off-hours, the food never has that crusty, neglected appearance that implies a gamble with food poisoning. The paratha (complimentary with combo meals) is heated to-order in a way that doesn't make me feel as bad about eating "fast food."In addition to the hot bar, they offer "regular" menu items that can be ordered at any time. However, there are occasional dishes that are prepared exclusively for the hot bar, including a potato, eggplant, and dill curry. This dish was so delicious, creative, and wonderful that it is my new Indian crush (embarrassment!).If you're within walking distance and have a taste for Indian food, I'd recommend it. The generous star rating is not necessarily an objective comparison against all restaurants in NYC, but a reflection of how the place does as a neighborhood joint. Unfortunately, it's not such a unique and extraordinary magnet that it would merit a long-distance trek for people outside of Flushing.
The food there is not bad, pretty Indian style.However, the cashier there didn't give the stuff I ordered. I ordered chicken coconut, chicken biryani, and mango lassi for to go. When I came back, picked up and went home, I found there was no mango lassi in the bag! How come....quite ridiculous! So bad experience
So went there after a long break... And WOW I  was so satisfied! Food was just the same as when it first opened up. Will definitely be returning soon as long as it stays consistent.
Best chicken Tikka marsala in flushing...I usually tell them not too much butter. Their naans are fresh and delicious.  Dishes may seem a bit small but very filling so perfect portion sizes for me.  They have a dessert thats saturated in sugar and milk I forgot what its called but definitely worth trying.
Pretty solid Indian food in flushing ! I love this pretty, fast and yummy. If I want Indian food that day, I would just come by after class and pick up a plate, then go home. They have three tables here where you can eat in but the style is more take out. They have different dishes here but I mainly get like two meat and one vegetable on rice. It's like a small mom and pop shop, they cook everything, smells great when you enter the restaurant. I will come back here!
First off, I don't know why it's taken me so long to write a review about this place. I've been coming to this place since they've opened and they never disappoint. I'm not Indian, but I've had more than my fair share of Indian food. Not only from eating out but also from my best friends, all of whom are Indian. Hyderabadi is reliable. All their curries, veggies, roti, desserts, chaat, etc. Are unbelievably delicious. However it is the people working here who really make it a great experience. From what I can tell it's a family run place with the mom and dad in the back and their son out front. Each time I've come, the son has gone above and beyond to meet me and my boyfriend's needs. I eat extremely spicy and he eats mild. Every single time we go, this young man knows what we want and makes it custom for us. Always dropping those extra chili peppers in my food, and making my boyfriend's milder. He also always gives us something  to taste while we wait and gives me something spicy to try at home. I always leave here with something a little extra and I appreciate that. Today I came back and his mom was out front. I ordered two chicken lunchboxes and some rasmalai. His mother is so sweet and made jokes while helping us. She even gave me an extra fritter to try. When the son came out and saw us, he gestured his mom to give me their special spicy rice instead of the regular and explained to me that the rice is cooked with peppercorns. Now that's service. There are always restaurants out there that are special because of the food. This place is no different, but it is the staff that really make it. You feel the love when you walk in, and you feel it even more when you walk out. Bravo, I will be coming here for years to come.
Ordered a pick up last time I stayed at my parents' house in Queens. It was one of the biggest culinary dissapointments for all of us. We got 4 different curries and samosas. Each of the curries was so spicy it was practically inedible. Even for my farher in law who usually goes for the hottest option. (None of the dishes were marked as hot on the menu). Chicken was undercooked - pink and red inside. Plus there were bones everywhere. Everything was on the bone. Huge pile of bones leftover. The curry was very oily, oil separated and a thick layer of it floated on the surface. Veggie samosas tasted like mashed potatoes. Meat samosas were ok. Won't be going back.
It's a hole in the wall and doesn't look like any special from the outside. In typical Queens fashion, it doesn't look like much from the inside either. The service is pretty bad too. But the food is good. I am not south Asian so I can't comment on authenticity, but its delicious. I had the chicken biryiani and it was flavorful and robust.
I have never written a review but after this place I had to. One word for this place is NASTY!!!! I wish I could give this place no stars...the women behind the counter was so rude.  Ordered the chili chicken roll and it was cold...told the women and she said that it's because of the sauce.  Waited about half hour for the food you wouldn't expect it to be cold. Also ordered the chicken briyani and samosas as well which where also cold and gross.  Don't go here....stay away!!!!! Save yourselves.  Def not Delish!!!!wish I could get myMoney back
Been coming here regularly for the past year. I usually order the chicken vindaloo. It is very spicy and the potatoes are cooked nice and soft.
I typically get the chicken lunch special here, which includes any 2 sides (varies daily) and roti (on a Saturday i received naan instead of roti, and it was awesomely good). The quality is  consistent, so it keeps me going back for more. Most dishes are medium to hot spiciness, so be sure to ask questions if you prefer mild.
I expected a lot more from this place based on reviews and it wasn't even average at best.  They have specials with rice, meat & a veggie.  It was not flavorful except for being spicy hot, seemed like they just dumped chili powder in their curries as opposed to spices.  I had the biryani also and it was not flavorful at all - it had the color and I had high hopes but they forgot to add salt.  I was very disappointed and do not plan on going back.
A neat little Indian restaurant tucked away on Kissena Blvd. in Flushing NY. Although Indian restaurants are a dime a dozen around this particular part of Flushing, Biryani Pointe and Chat manages to stand out with their great selection of home made foods and amazing customer service. I've tried a few dishes already and each and every single was absolutely on point. The Chicken Tikka Masala was my favorite one by far but I'm a bit biased. I love masala. Their naans are made to order and NOT REHEATED which means FRESH, piping hot NAANS every time you come into the store. It might take a few extra minutes to make but I feel like it's absolutely worth the wait.There is plenty of seating and the customer service is absolutely amazing. You're always greeted right away and they owners always offer up advice if you're willing to venture out and try a new dish that you've never had before. My only quarrel with this place is their delivery service. The delivery came almost an hour late and the food arrived cold as ice. I feel that Indian food gone cold loses 80% of it's flavor from all the herbs and spices. I was pretty upset with that BUT they managed to salvage a few points because the owner called me up a few hours after my initial order to check up on the food and the service. I thought that was a pretty great touch. I've never had that experience before.All in all, this is a great place if you're in the Flushing area and you're in the mood for some great Indian food. The environment is absolutely friendly and the prices are pretty reasonable.
Small but busy Indian restaurant which caters to many natives in the area.  Came here to get something which would satisfy the craving me and the wife were having.  Food was spicy, flavorful and reasonably priced.  Food was constantly coming out to the steam table, so it was pretty fresh.  A nice change of pace in an otherwise northern Chinese dominated restaurant strip.
I came here because a friend recommended it. I really wanted to like this placebecause there are only a few good Indian restaurants in Queens outside of Woodside and Jackson Heights -- so I was hoping this would be one of them. Unfortunately, this was a big let down. I ordered the Chicken Biryani, Lamb Chop Masala, and Palak Paneer. The chicken was extremely dry, the lamb had more bones than meat, and the spinach was watery. Not to mention, everything was so damn spicy even an Indian would complain.
I am from hyderabad so anything that has hyderabadi in the name needs to be really authentic to get my vote.I went there on my way back from flushing last week and ordered Goat Biryani, Goat curry and mirchi bajji(all Indian hot).I have been looking for a place where I can eat authentic Indian yummy food and looks like I found one.The biryani and mutton(goat) masala were amazing and the mirchi bajji reminded me of the rainy days in hyderabad where we would go to the michi bandi and enjoy the spicy bajjis.Please note the mirchi bajji is pretty hot.I would go back there again and this time get loads of food to go :)
I love this place. Fast food Indian restaurant. It's really good. I love there chicken tikka masala and chicken vindaloo. I ask for my chicken tikka masala spicy and it works. It's so awesome. They also have onion rice sometimes. Such a tease, because they dont have it all the time and it's good.  No need to tip in here, $10 minimum with CC purchase. I eat here a lot. Getting hunry thinking about it.
Having lived in Hyderabad for about 6 months, I can tell you that this briyani is the most authentic that you can get without actually being in Hyderabad. The food is spicy and delicious. Prices are reasonable. The Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan were also excellent. Highly recommended.
I get food from here on the weekends its ran by a mother who is the cashier and  a son who cooks in the back she taught him apparently. The chicken masala is great here its sweet unlike most other places and they are not cheap with the chicken or seasoning.. Prices have gone up since this place became popular you should use the seamless coupon here if its your first visit. There is a noticeable difference from the steam dishes kept outside and when you order the dishes on the menu it tastes much worse and they use less seasoning and they give you a lot less.
This place is ok, i went for that chat i always go to hicksville for my chat needs, i ordered the bhel puri and papri chat, the bhel puri was a little bland but plentiful, not spicy not sweet had better, the papri chat was the same had to get extra imily sauce to make everything better, i also had a sheek kabab it was very small half the size i thought it would be and very soft which is different, i still need to find y chat spot in queens if anyone knows a great one lemme know. And update i try getting it delivered and they will not deliver past dunkin by the LIE and i was ordering on campus of CUNY Queens
Very good vegetarian curry of different kinds. Good mango lassi. All for only five dollars from a friendly, solicitous staff. Gotta love Queens!
Good Indian food up the street from where I live. I've been there twice already and I got the $5 Veg curry deal (and it filled me up, could not finish all of it) which was really nice - bitter gourd with spinach, cheese and rice covered in lentils and tomatoes and it came with a small dessert that, at first looked kinda like something with mayo in it *hate mayo haha*, but it was a warm, rice dessert and very nice, not too sweet. Also got a cup of their hot chai for an extra dollar, the woman was very nice and informative about the health benefits of the food (one lady in the restaurant complained that there was too much salt in the bitter gourd, but it was not salt but the sour, bitterness that occurs naturally, they may have added a little salt heh). I like that even though it's in Flushing (crazy congestion/noise) it's still a nice, quiet atmosphere to enjoy lunch. Only three dishes out of the entire menu (about 20 or so dishes/appetizers) cost over $10! If you're in the area, craving some good, cheap Indian food served with friendly service and a laid back environment, I suggest this place :-)
Awesome food. Chicken tikka biriyani is my all time favorite here. lunch specials and garlic nans are very fresh and delicious . We usually order take out and have never been disappointed.
Walk in, head for the counter, ready to order, woman is on the Bluetooth, should have walked out right there, wait for her to finish her conversation, place my order, got the chicken tikka masala, it was sweet, they only gave me one side of rice, even though I ordered two dishes, no pickles or sauce with the food, I have not been to an Indian restaurant that does not give some pickle onions or yogurt sauce with the food. ** Meh. I've experienced better.
I ordered take out from them a while ago and enjoyed their spicy chicken. It was deliciously seasoned, had good amount of umph but wasn't overly spicy. I really like this place. I live nearby and although there are plenty of subcontinental restos near me this is the only one I would frequent regularly. There are a couple of establishments located across the street from the botanical garden and their food is the shits. I never see anyone in there and once saw mold growing on one of their dishes. Biryani pt and chat is different; all the dishes looked hot and freshly made. When I picked up my order, I had to ask the lady behind the counter what three of the dishes were because I was tempted to order them for next time. The kashmiri chicken looks sooo good!
Yum in my tum!!! Cheery workers definitely influenced my experience and I am definitely coming back.
i went here on my lunchbreak today after seeing the good reviews, I had the lunch special with chicken tikka masala and the okra which came with rice and naan ($8.50), it was pretty good it satisfied my craving.
This place was the worst place I have ever been to. Normally I don't write any reviews but this place made me write one. I have to warn my fellow friends not to go in there!!!!!Oh boy where do I begin???First of all the lady (cashier) was very nasty, I wanted to smack her across the face. She counted how many 99 cents paper plates she gave out. The lady had a bogger up her nose ; that right there turned me off. I had no choice but order food becuz I was starving. Anyways let me make it short...once the food came after 1 hr everything was cold. We were so excited to eat  & once we took a bite of there chilli chicken roll it tasted like someone peeped on it. I asked the old lady can we return these 2 rolls , she goes no , we don't  take anything back.. I left like a mad women from there  as if I wanted to pull each and every strand of my hair.. While I walked out I saw a roach , Oh wow great!!!!!! So you decide if you want to go and eat there..doesn't deserve any stars
very simple but hits the spot.  my husband and i went in for lunch after searching for a fast and easy indian restaurant within 2 miles from where we live.  once we walked in, we feel like we were adopted into an indian family and our mother was serving us something she just made in the kitchen.  we asked for the chicken curry lunch special ($6) as well as the vegetable curry option ($5).  You can select the two curries from 4-5 different vegetable options. I had the green bean as well as a cabbage stirfry.  It came with a heaping serving of basmati rice (no ghee in this, very healthy tasting) as well as roti.   The host was very accomodating and offered us spoonfuls of sauce to top the rice.  Next time, i would opt for something saucy instead of dry for my curry options as the green bean with coconut shreds turned out a bit on the bland side after eating the other curries.  Overall, a great experience and would go back to try other options next time.
A nice place for takeout.  The Samosas are outstanding, I had chili chicken the other day which was excellent.  They always offer something to sample while I'm deciding what to order.
Granted I've only been in NYC a short time, but this little spot hidden in Flushing Queens is the best Indian food I've had here yet. I had their vegetarian lunch special twice where I got to pick 2 items from their buffet and loved it each time. I'm not a big chaat person, but I had that once too, and it was really good. Too bad I'm not going to be working in that area anymore or else I would go all the time.
So good. I'm Indian and this food reminds me of what I ate growing up. Its also so cheap in comparison to Indian food in Manhattan or elsewhere in Queens. My recommendations: ginger chicken, veg biryani, butter naans, palak paneer.
