This is my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC. It's nothing crazy, fancy, etc. but a good traditional homie restaurant. Quiet, clean, with a nice atmosphere.I don't live close by, but I made it up here every other month or so, to have a delicious meal!The owner is the sweetest guy, and he remember you if you are a "usual." I never get disappointed, and I always leave full with a doggie bag.
I had a very nice dinner here the other night with my boyfriend. The owner was very welcoming and everything came out quick and delicous! Very chill atmosphere and great Indian food. I highly reccomend for date night!
Rangoli was definitely a take-out treat! We ordered the Rangoli Combo Special and an order of Keema Matar. The Rangoli Combo Special has a variety of options, but I opted for the samosa as my starter and the Chicken Tikka Masala for my entree. For $15, it was well worth it. It also came with rice. On the menu it says that it comes with naan, but we were charged additional for it. The Keema Matar came with only rice. It took close to an hour to receive our food, but when it arrived, it was still very hot - even the samosa was still warm, which was definitely a pleasant surprise, since I was expecting it to be cold and soggy by the time it arrived. The chicken was flavorful and the sauce was perfect - not too tomato-y with the perfect amount of spice. The rice was a little harder than I would've liked, but it went well with some sauce over it. The samosa was delicious and had so much stuffed inside of it! Perfect appetizer for two to share. The Keema Matar was definitely on the spicier side. Not the kind of spice that hits you right away, but one that starts to appear after a few seconds after swallowing. It was a little too much for me, but overall it was a great dish. We ended up ordering a side of naan. The pieces were ginormous! It was a little chewier than I like - but I assumed that was from being wrapped in aluminum foil and basking in it's own heat for so long. This was definitely a great experience! I would love to try Rangoli's in person next time. I'm sure it would be even better.
I finally decided to try this neighborhood favorite out and I have to say, it's now my new favorite Indian in NYC! The food was delicious, the lighting is perfect, the place is very clean and the service is fantastic. I took my parents there for dinner and the owner was personally waiting on us. He offered us appetizers on the house and suggested top dishes. Very happy to know that this is so close to my house. I will definitely be a regular!!
I solely joined Yelp to write this review - I sincerely wish I could tell everyone in the world about this restaurant (I figured this is the best way to do so). I've been coming here for the past two years (a transplanted Long Islander) and this is the best Indian food I've had in my entire life, hands down. Everything I've ordered here tastes amazing and yet fails to disappoint, even by a fraction. I literally feel ENLIGHTENED every time I eat at this restaurant. I make sure to express that to my boyfriend whenever we're eating together (he feels the exact same way as well ). This food makes me feel something I've never felt while eating, purely of a higher level. Michael, the owner, is so personable, wonderful, and tries his hardest to ensure his customers get the best possible experience. If you're ever in the area I strongly recommend this place, you won't be disappointed!!!
The food is great here, the venue has its charm. It's probably one of the better Indian restaurants on the UES. The owner is very nice and down to earth, speaks to the customers (caught us on the way out and was super friendly). The wait staff was attentive and the food was just on point.We got the chicken saag and the butter chicken. Will definitely return!
This place continues to amaze me!  The food is so delicious and the service and delivery are excellent.  Highly recommended!
I just came back from a work lunch at this place, I didn't have high expectations but I'm glad I was wrong. We ordered the different varieties of naan bread, except the cheese naan. We also ordered lamb saag, jasmine rice, chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, and mango cheesecake for desert. Everything was delicious and lunch is 50% off if you pay cash! I will definitely be returning.
Some of the best Indian food I have had on the entireEast coast.  I will definitely be ordering from here again.
This is a good spot for an early evening meal after work on 72nd Street and convenient to the new Q line. Among my favorite Indian dishes are saag ( creamed spinach) dishes and I would order that again at Rangoli, along with naan and a mango lassi. Most recently I had Shrimp Saag. The portions are just right in size from my perspective; they are not wasteful. The service is friendly and efficient.
Average Indian food by NY standards,nothing to write home about.Gobi and kachori Chaat were both not fresh ,clearly warmed in microwave .What I did not like,being charged $2 for mint chutney, really? That's like being charged for salsa with your burrito in a mexican place.
Don't let the quiet restaurant store front fool you, this is an excellent place. Interior is charming and elegant, same with the service.  Food was delicious, have lived here a month and already at twice. Sweet and spicy gobi was great!
Wonderful food and service. Came here with family to celebrate my parents anniversary. Michael (the owner) made us feel at home and very welcome. Food was amazing. Ordered extra spicy shrimp biriyani and it was FANTASTIC!  Highly recommend this place. Being a fellow indian it's rare to find an indian place with great food and service. Everything was spot on. Thank you for making my family happy and giving is a wonderful memory.
This place was very good. The owner came out and introduced himself and explained the menu. He also told us what his favorite dishes were. The food was very good and came out fast. I had to eggplant which was amazing. My boyfriend had the lamb curry and the lamb was so tinder and juicy. My cousin had the butter chicken and he said it was the best he's ever had. It's a must go.
Ordered their Murgh Makhani. So. Good. Bringing the bf here so we can sit down and eat.
We've been here twice and have been impressed with the quality of food. We've had the kachori chat, samosa and they were both solid. Paneer tikka masala, malai kofta, vegetable kurma were also well made and pretty authentic. We haven't tried any dessert here yet but maybe next time.
Disappointed, I've eaten here in the past and it's been pretty good. Got take out from here today and it was subpar. The naan was stale, like it had been microwaved and the raita was really sweet which was weird to me. The Delhi curry chicken was the only saving grace. It was good, not as spicy as I would have liked but still tasty. Prob won't order from here again :(
This place was largely a disappointment. The service which so many people raved about was definitely subpar. The food was pretty good, but definitely not anything to write home about. The location isn't bad but the environment isn't particularly nice either. Just pretty adequate place with neither amazing food, ambiance, nor terribly accommodating staff.
Excellent service, tasty and high quality food, reasonable prices and perfect takeout.
I love this restaurant.  Although its a bit small the food is delicious.  The interior designs is absolutely beautiful. My husband dine in several times here and we both enjoyed the experience.  The service is very good.  Good place to hang out.
Rangoli is a very special place, much due to the passion and expertise of the owner Michael. I came expecting to sit at the bar and be on my phone, but he had me in stitches during the meal and prompted me to veer from my usual order and try the kofta, which was amazing. The naan bread was crispy and flavorful, made to order on the sides of a clay oven, unlike most places. Everything is fresh and cooked to order- I know this because Michael kindly let me your the kitchen and demonstrated naan making for me after I expressed that I bake bread. The cumin spiced rice added extra depth of flavor to my meal and the restaurant itself has a nice ambiance, with beautiful stained glass lanterns. I will certainly be returning many times to what is now my favorite Indian restaurant in Manhattan
The food was tasty!!  BUT, I am spoiled and live in Houston where we get superior Indian food (and food in general.). So, while it was good, I didn't think it was deserving of the high ratings it received when compared to Indian cuisine I've had in Houston and England.  Also, portion sizes weren't that great.  The ambiance is nice, the restaurant was clean, and the staff was friendly enough.
So despite a disappointing phone conversation with an employee earlier and  ALL THESE SUSPICIOUSLY HIGH RATED REVIEWS (why do high rating reviewers have more friends than reviews???? really 190 friends and 4 reviews?  sooo odd, no?) i decided to give in my curry craving. Normally I would trek to Tandoor Clay Oven but I was starving and didn't feel like walking 10 blocks.  For $15 i got vindaloo, rice, some chicken appetizer and a naan.  The vindaloo had an odd sour taste and some sweetness but wasn't spicy. The portions were small and I just understand why the lunch special will be 50% less when you dine vs full price when you get it to go.  Why not charge an extra dollar for the cost of the container?The restaurant did seem clean though not air-conditioned and no idea which one of the two guys at the restaurant was the famous Michael all these 5 star reviewers keep writing about.  I think I will make that walk to the Tandoor Clay Oven where I can get better tasting and bigger portions of food.
I had the Paneer Tikka Masala, and it was just okay.  They also charge extra for any chutney, even the varieties that are typically free such as mint and tamarind.
Delicious, pretty, good service. I'm a fan and plan to be back. Dishes not Americanized, though do have meat.
We visited this restaurant last year and it was newly opened and quite good.This time we had a Rangoli Kebab Platter which was totally tasteless and not good at all.We also had a Chicken Tikka Masala. The sauce was we guess from a can or powder.It was bad.There was few guests but we really had to wait a long time to get anything to our able. Even the Naan bread which was at first forgotten.The price was ridiculous high for this bad quality.We will not come back.
Used to love their food but we will no longer be ordering from Rangoli after today. We ordered through Seamless and waited an hour before calling the restaurant directly. They responded by sending their delivery man (without any food) to our door to confirm that he delivered to the right address and yet, that was the first time we saw him. We called back 20 minutes later asking about our food to which they said that we already received our order. Had they apologized and sent us our food right away, I would have been understanding because hey, people make mistakes. But we waited over two hours, had someone insist to us that we already received our food and that we are complaining about nothing, and in the end we received no food nor apology from Rangoli. So disappointed.
Food is amazing. Sweet Naan was the bomb, never had anything like that before. Salmon curry was great. The ghost lamb was perfect. Spicy and rich with flavor. Would definitely come back again
The food was excellent, the service was friendly and it was clean. My husband and I were really happy! From the bread to the chicken curry, wow, so good!!
I can't recommend this place more to you guys! Excellent food! I am surprised that few people know it! Try it! You won't regret!
Ordered the paneer-mushroom dish and it was great! The food was delivered in quick time too.
We really wanted to like this place but as serious Indian Food lovers, did not.First, there was no AC and .....Chicken Samosa had a thick dry pastry shell and was filled with minced meat without any moisture, peas or potatoes.  Chicken Tikka was devoid of any spices in the tomato sauce. the plain rice was not garnished. Pourri bread was terrific but we simply could not finish our meal.Service was okay as the owner was not on site.
Went for Diwali today. Was our first time. A must go address! We are picky but this is a place to return to and order from!
Rangoon is really good. It has a large selection and everything is cooked to order. We have eaten many things on the menu and everything has been good.  Service is pleasant and efficient.  Delivery always comes quickly. This is one of the best Indian restaurants on the UES.
The flavors were fireworks for my palete.  The service was splendid.  Look no further for great Indian food because you have found the place.  Enjoy!
I had ordered delivery, and picked up takeout, from Rangoli multiple times before coming in to eat at the restaurant and absolutely loved the food.  The first time I ordered delivery, it was right before the restaurant was closing for the night, and the owner himself delivered my food and sincerely wished I enjoyed my food as he dropped it off.  It was unlike anything I had ever experienced before.Since I live close, I began picking up from the restaurant.  The owner is always there personally handing me my food with a sense of sincere gratitude.  He really takes pride in his restaurant and his food.I haven't even spoken about the food yet.  It's fantastic.  This is just very high quality indian food.  I usually order the chicken tikka masala, but I ask for it spicy.  It has great flavor and a great heat level.  The garlic naan is wonderful.  I usually switch up the appetizer, and they've all been good.  The sweet and sour cauliflower is of particular note.Finally, I went to the restaurant itself to eat with a couple friends.  The food was equally delicious, and the service was extraordinary.  The restaurant is currently being blocked by some construction, but I IMPLORE you to eat at Rangoli if you like Indian food.  It's fants
Rangoli was exactly as the name infers, exquisite Indian Cuisine. Truly one of the best Indian restaurant I have eaten at in the USA of India. We tasted a wide variety of their dishes and found them all to be excellent. Service was top notch and the owner and staff were extremely friendly.
Absolutely loved it here. The owner was so friendly and personally came to my table to introduce himself. The food was unbelievably inexpensive and some of the best Indian food I've ever had in the city. Everyone was so friendly and attentive.I almost missed this place. It's easy to overlook because of all the construction going on in the area. If I was on the opposite side of the street, I would've never seen it. So definitely look for this place because it's blocked by street construction.
Delicious Indian food. Have eaten there and gotten take out. From the naan to the allo gobi to the mango lassi, this place is spot on. Not sure why it's usually empty (construction on second avenue?mainly take out?) but the food is absolutely delicious. Reasonably priced and generous portions. I'll be back!
My husband and I felt like Indian food tonight so we searched on Yelp! and we're pointed to Rangoli.We were not disappointed! Hubby had his usual saag paneer and said it was delicious. Generous portions so we are taking home half of his dish for a snack tomorrow. The kitchen added some extra rice to our take home snack too. Such kind, sweet service.I had the mushroom and paneer in tomato base. It was spicy and satisfying. The owner Michael introduced himself and was attentive but not over-bearing. He is working hard to establish Rangoli as the "go-to" Indian restaurant on the UES.I say: well done Michael & staff! We will be back! Soon!
Excellent food and service. The owner Michael was very nice. We particularly loved the Punjabi Yellow Tadka Dal, the Kerla Crab Curry and the Shrimp Tikka Masala.  The Sweet & Spicy Gobi which is cauliflower cooked in garlic barbecue sauce Indian style, was amazing. The  Mango Lassi drink was very good. We will be back!
I'm dogsitting for a client on the UES where affordable takeout options are very limited. This place looked really, really promising, so at 7:22 I placed my order...at 8:48 it finally arrived, unsurprisingly stone cold. At the 45 minute mark I decided to check in, just to make sure they had the right address and whatnot. If they had told me it would be another 45 minutes, I would have cancelled the order and gotten a slice of pizza, but what I was told was "two minutes more, he'll be there". When 20 more minutes passed I started to get a little worried and called again. With no apology at all I was told "5 minutes more". Needless to say, it was more than 5 minutes more. The food might be amazing, but I don't know because it was damn near frozen when it got to me. I feel bad for the deliver guy. If my food was frozen, he definitely was too! If the restaurant was unexpectedly busy, ok, no biggie, just let me know. If the delivery guy got lost, not biggie, sh*t happens, but at least be honest about the delivery time and apologize for the wait. I know these are some serious first world problems, but I just spend $30 on a mostly inedible meal and I'm a little ticked off about it.
This place is PHENOMENAL. Not only is the owner out-of-this-world friendly, the food is also delicious. I order the Vindaloo with plain naan (the garlic naan is also delicious, but sometimes I need something a little simpler) and cannot get over how incredible it is. One thing I will say is that I accidentally ordered something as pick up (when I meant for delivery) and I called the restaurant, the owner made me feel SO comfortable and was so understanding of my mistake. The food was delivered to me in 5 minutes. KUDOS to Rangoli for turning me into a true Indian food fan. Truly. This place is the real deal.
Would strongly recommend this place to Indian food lovers. Their Paneer Bhurji was just fantastic. Wine selection was quite good too. Garlic naan, very good. Wish their sweet and spicy gobhi were a little more crispy.Would definitely visit this place again in the near future.
Chicken tiki masala was just ok. More like tomato soup flavor than what I like. Naan was fantastic both plain and garlic. Husband had a lamb dish he really liked. Service was friendly and accommodating.
It's such a shame the 2nd Ave. construction hides this gem of a restaurant.  Came with a girlfriend and we were greeted by the friendliest staff - the owner Michael checked in with us regularly throughout our meal as well. Food was delicious and we left happy and full.  Will be making this my new go to Indian in the UES.
As a disclaimer, I have never rated any business on Yelp, but after enjoying this restaurant, I felt it was my duty to share my experience with anyone looking for wonderful Indian food.  I can say that Indian Cuisine is by far our favorite type of food. We try to eat Indian food at least once a week, and we always target a new Indian restaurant within each city we visit. I have not tasted any Indian cuisine comparable to this in my travels, so I hope you will find this review useful.  Also, I would like to thank the Yelp reviewers for providing an accurate description of this restaurant, as my expectations were certainly met and even exceeded! To begin, the service was essentially spot on, and attention to detail was apparent as our water glasses (and wine glasses) were never allowed to approach the half-empty level. Our waiter seemed to anticipate our needs before we even thought of them. Next...let's get to the food, which is truly the star of this review. We started with Kachori, which was a wonderfully crafted cold appetizer. I have had many versions of this dish in the past, but I believe I detected some sliced Samosa that was placed in this dish, which made it absolutely exquisite.  This Samosa added some nice texture, and a wonderful additional flavor....Very smart!  For my main entrée I enjoyed the Lamb korma, which was based in a wonderfully Rich yogurt-based sauce, that was perfectly balanced between seasoning and creaminess.  There was a perfect balance of sweetness provided by the raisins and creaminess along with some Almonds.  The lamb was perfectly tender and wonderful...This was probably the best I've ever had.  My wife enjoyed the Chana Saag, which is a beautiful combination of spinach and chickpeas. She and I both love this dish and we have had many versions of this at multiple locations. We found that this version successfully straddled the line between richness, and simplicity. You could actually taste the spinach in  this dish without it being overpowered by spices and cream, while the overall flavor was phenomenal!  The chickpeas were cooked and seasoned to perfection, and the rice that accompanied both dishes was perfectly seasoned and cooked. Again, I can't provide anymore positive comments about this experience, so I hope you try it for yourself.  The owner (Michael) is very friendly and he's typically in the restaurant during dining hours. He's a person who obviously has his restaurant and functioning at a high-level! Enjoy!
What an amazing place. Everything was perfect. The service was fantastic. The owner even came by to introduce himself. The food was delicious. We tried the Samosas, garlic nan, basmati rice, chicken masala and paneer masala. I don't think I have a favorite item because everything was wonderful. It's a very charming and clean restaurant. The whole experience was great and the prices were very reasonable. Can't wait to go back.
Very cute restaurant in a neighborhood of construction from the second avenue subway. The owners and managers made sure to come by and say hello. The food is good but I wouldn't consider it excellent.
Great Indian food. Been there twice and have left completely satisfied. Micheal the owner is a great host and he isn't afraid to let the spice gods sprinkle a little extra in the food if need be. This restaurant is blocked by the second Avenue subway which is a pity.
Good enough for delivery on a rainy day. The food was packed neatly, and delivered relatively quickly. It was easy to order through yelp. Food was just okay. Didn't have the most amount of flavor, but all things considered, good enough!
Popped in here for dinner this past Thursday for dinner and were we surprised at how good the food was! The owner Michael was so kind and made our dinner so incredibly enjoyanle with free add on's and a generous pour of wine! Recommend to all!
The takeout/delivery combo is a great deal and the owner even suggested it to me himself to save me money. Solid food, solid service and the delivery is normally pretty quick. I would definitely recommend it if you are looking for good Indian food at a good price.
Really good Indian food, we had samosas, lamb curry and curry goat- both perfectly spiced (we asked mild). Also had the mango cheesecake which had great taste. The service is very prompt and attentive. The owner introduced himself and was very attentive to customers. Def will come back in near future!
Mama's got a brand new Indian!!!  Love this place and have eaten a lot of Indian cuisine from London to Jackson Heights...  Come here to be treated to gorgeous food, fabulous service and romantic ambiance or treat yo self and order delivery!  Support a great local restaurant and kind owner and give this place a try.  You'll have a favorite new Indian joint too!
Super spot. Extremely welcoming. They remember you and try very hard to make food best way you like it. Authentic delicious InDian and fabulous atmosphere. Worth the visit. My 18 year old son took a $10 out of his wallet to add to the tip he liked michael the owner so much. Which says something!
Authentic and delicious. One of the best I've been to in the city. The owner is kind and helpful and the atmosphere is cozy and familial. I'll be coming back!
After reading the reviews I figured I'd try this place out. Was not impressed. Food lacked the spice that Indian food is known for. The sauce was too tomatoey in the chicken tikka masala.
This place is a gem I'm so happy to have stumbled across after trying almost every Indian spot on the UES. The food is excellent - flavorful, authentic and fresh. Portions are a great size and their prices are unbeatable, especially given other overpriced mediocre spots in the area. The service is also top notch. Michael the owner makes you feel welcome. They even rushed my order and paid very careful attention to dietary needs. This is my go to now!
Wow!  this place is a gem, hard to find as it is behind construction scaffolds.  the food was made fresh to order and some of the best indian food i have had.  Really cool stained glass lanterns imported from new Deli.
Excellent food.  The atmosphere is slow because they don't get many visitors.  Don't let this deter you.  The food is the best Indian food in UES. Great delivery option too.
So yummy! The owner and staff are really polite and helpful as well. Can't wait to return for another great dinner.
Michael is an excellent owner with great knowledge on Hospitality industry. Food is made for non Indian population though. I wish they would serve entrees the way they are supposed to rather than tinkering with extreme butter and no spices to attract large customer base.
All I did was order pickup and I instantly felt welcome inside this restaurant. The food is wonderful (I ordered samosas and naan as a snack) and they have a ton of vegetarian options. Their chutney is also exceptional! love it!
My parents and I really enjoyed our experience here. I am very into indian spiciness, and my parents are not, yet we all enjoyed our dishes. We shared onion fritters, some sort of friend cauliflower dish (which was FANTASTIC), and three entres (one fish, one chicken, one chickpea). Basically every dish was great. I have only nice things to say about this place. Plus it was not crowded, but not eerily empty, and the staff was very friendly. I'm glad to see this type of restaurant in yorkville. I'll be back!
One of the best Indian restaurants in which I have eaten.  We really love the Bhindi Masala (okra cooked Indian style), but everything was excellent, from the Garlic Naan to the Papadam to the Chicken Shahi Murgh Korma (cooked in almond cream sauce) to the Lamb Saag Gosht (sautéed with spinach and spices).  The service was very good and Michael, the owner, treats his customers as real guests.  We definitely plan to return.
The food was excellent and the owner was very friendly.  We were visiting from Texas and this is the some of the best food we've had since arriving in Manhattan.  The korma was delicious and the kheer was also very good.
Delicious!! We ordered Samosas, garlic naan, chicken tikka masala and lamb curry. The samosas had the perfect texture of crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. The entrées were very flavorful. They had a wonderful balance of spice, heat and acid. The naan was crispy and chewy and the rice was very fluffy. The only reason I am giving 4 stars is for the portion size. There should be more for the price. Also, the entrées were recommend by the owner and he never came back to ask how everything was.
Since moving to the upper east side, I have lamented the lack of a go-to Indian restaurant for both dine in and take out. No more! So happy to have discovered this place. Nice interior, solid menu and pleasant waitstaff. Will be back again and again.
I have had food here multiple times and I try different items here. So far I have liked their paneer bhurji best. i havent liked any lamb delicacies so far. Their naan is good and the owner is super friendly.
Great Indian restaurant with authentic Indian-tasting meals. Will even make it spicier for you if you ask.
Best Indian food I've had in the city check out the cauliflower  dish it's fantastic.
This is one of our weekly/bi-monthly takeout places.  Only giving it four stars because we've never eaten in the restaurant so can't judge. Food is fantastic, very reasonable and plentiful. Owner is very friendly.  Once/if ever the second avenue subway construction is finished I predict this place will be packed!
I've eaten at Rangoli three times now, doing pickup orders each time (we live about two blocks away), and it is excellent. The food is delicious -- though the entrees are better than the appetizers and the naan is a bit flimsier than I like -- but the real reason this place gets five stars is the outstanding owner, Michael. He's been waiting with my order to greet me each time, friendly as can be, and engaged in personal conversation every time. This man 100% cares about building a relationship with his customers, and you can tell how much he loves serving delicious food to people. He succeeds across the board, and it makes this place an absolutely amazing spot. It's our go-to Indian spot in the neighborhood. I can't recommend it enough.
Delicious, authentic, fresh dishes - good portions and very reasonably priced. The owner was very welcoming and came over and introduced himself and checked in with us throughout the meal. Great service, great food - a gem of a place.
Seriously - order the lamb chops. We ended up placing a second order before we even finished the first! The owner Michael is amazing and hand selects his wine to perfectly accompany the meal. EAT HERE! Best Indian I've ever had - and definitely the best on the Upper East Side! YUM!
This was a very lovely restaurant and it does suck that all of the construction is blocking but thank goodness for yelp for helping me find it. The owner was very nice and the food was delicious. The place was super clean. Def plan on coming back when I am in the city. Best of luck!
First and foremost the food is delicious: I had the Chicken Tiki Masala and would easily order it in the future.  Michael, the gracious proprietor, has renovated the space into an understated serene haven from the hustle and bustle of the street.   I encourage the community to support excellence wherever it may be found.
Pretty good food with a very extensive menu. Waitstaff was very approachable and accomodating.
Have only ordered through seamless so far but every time, the food has been great - usually get the combo which is tons of food! Delivery is fast and friendly, definitely plan on eating at the restaurant soon!
A gem in the city. Excellent food, wonderful vibe, and the owner, Michael, could not be more lovely!  A must!!!  We will definitely return.
Not good food if you want authentic Indian food.  The food was very "tomato-ie" flavored, and on the sweet side.  Ambience was dark.  Wait staff was very good, and very attentive.  2 starts because of the lack of depth in the flavor of the food....there are better options out there....
Really fantastic. The owner is very friendly (as others have discussed at length) and I suggest taking a recommendation from him if you want to try something new - the sweet and spicy cauliflower and lamb dish in the paprika sauce were outstanding; neither of which I would have tried without the suggestion. Service is great, food is excellent, and the price is right. The only disappointment was the saag paneer - didn't taste quite right to me, but others in my group liked it so I didn't deduct any stars (plus, I need to venture out from my usual order anyway!).Added bonus: they grind their own spices in house.
We have ordered the bhel puri and the sweet and spicy Gobi crispy as a appetizer. The mango lassi is flavorful and savory. Navrattan korma which is cooked in alimony cream sauce. We also ordered paneer tikka masala which is cottage cheese cooked in tomato sauce. The mint paratha sounded pleasing so we also ordered that. As a side we got onion relish or mixed pickles. The bhel puri came out presently and is thin and flakey. The sweet and spicy Gobi came out in a pinkish color and has a spicy taste at first then sweet.the heat doesn't last long though. The service here is fast and is decorated with pretty, colorful lights! There is calm music playing in the background. The walls are covered in pictures, the prices are very resemble! It is a good family dining restaurant!. The dish with almond sauce was colorful, creamy and may I mention all vegetarian. The dish with the cottage cheese was less pleasing, but still was pretty good. The rice was a little sticky and was hard to separate. The mint bread was whole wheat and very pleasing. The rice pudding came out with almonds in top. The rice dissolves in your mouth and the almonds give it a crunchy taste. It was very creamy and satisfying! I think this restaurant is a must go to in the city!!written by Aqua
First time here, absolutely amazing. Beautiful interior. Attentive and friendly service. The owner came over and said hello and was so hospitable. The wine paired with my meal nicely. The food tasted awesome!! I will come back again and again with my family and let my upper east side friends know about this gem. Do not miss out!!!
Exquisite is right! Rangoli is my go-to Indian spot in the neighborhood.  While by no means a connoisseur, I have tried many of the items on the menu and found them all to be fresh and flavorful.  The owner is incredibly earnest and sweet, and the rest of the staff follow his example.  He personally introduces himself to every guest, and checks in later to make sure they are happy with their meal.  The ambiance is nice too - it's hard to tell from the street, but there's actually a rather large restaurant behind that unassuming glass door.  Definitely give Rangoli a try.
Wonderful Indian Food!The food and owner are simply terrific!Please don't let the 2nd Avenue construction literally "block the view". Let's help make this wonderful place succeed!
Not bad. I thought the vindaloo was pretty well balanced and delicious, but found most of the other food to be just average. Also, not sure I'll be ordering delivery after waiting over an hour for a small order on a Tuesday night. The ambiance of the restaurant is nice and the owner tries to be accommodating.
Start with the Sweet & Spicy Gobi follow that with the Saag Paneer, or virtual any item on their extensive menu. Rangoli Exquisite Indian Cuisine is simply the best Indian restaurant I have tried in New York City. Michael, the owner comes over to greet each guest and provide any tips or guidance through the menu. As a huge meat eater, this is the one place where I am happy to eat only vegetarian based dishes for the entire meal.
Food was great.Michael and the wait staff were very kind and soliticious. They made us very comfortable.I particularly recommend the Bhindi Masala and the Ras Malai. Looking forward to going back and trying other items.
I visited Rangoli for a late lunch around 3:30. From what I understand, they close at 4:00 and then open later for dinner. We were at the MET searching for nearby restaurants and found Rangoli. The walk from the MET isn't too far too. Anyways, I felt uneasy coming in thirty minutes before closing but my fears of having "bad" food and service was relieved; the service was great and the owner Michael introduced himself to us. He wasn't overwhelming and watching our table as we were eating. We ordered one butter chicken curry and garlic naan. The curry came with one bowl of rice. We split the meal because we weren't really hungry but the portion sizes for our order was generous. In fact, we were both full and almost couldn't finish the meal that was suppose to be for one person. The service and food was one of the best I have ever had from an establishment and I would recommend others to try eating at Rangoli. The construction in the front might make the business hard to find but it is worth it. Oh, this review is based on my visit in June 2015. They had a lunch special which was 50% off everything on the menu (except booze) during lunch hours.. Which made our pockets dance! Also, I didn't feel the portion size or quality of food was affected because of the 50% special. My stomach was smiling as we left Rangoli and I hope yours does too!
Amazing chicken tikka masala!  Best lunch prices for anything in the upper east side!
Rangoli is a much welcomed addition to this neighborhood's restaurant scene. We stopped by on a friend's recommendation and were not disappointed. The interior of the restaurant is wonderfully decorated and somehow both comfortable and elegant at the same time. The owner is an incredibly friendly gentleman who made us feel like we were dining in his own home. Our meals were delicious, including a delightfully spicy vindaloo! Rangoli is now a regular for us.
Such great food! I went last night and have already started recommending it to my friends. Very spicy and flavorful food, so good that I ate my entire meal. Plus the naan came out fresh and hot. Will definitely go back!
Best Indian in the area and some of the best I've had outside of India - this restaurant deserves every good review and all the success they've had and will do even better after construction on the subway is complete. They do a particularly amazing job with combo specials and delivery. Spices and flavors are top-notch - samosa, chaat, naan and all curries are all top notch.
Hidden gem on the upper east side.  Second avenue now has terrific indian.  The food is great. My favorite.  The Saag Paneer and most other dishes.  Owner is always friendly.  Service always good.  Prices really good.  This is a terrific place.
We had a terrific time, found the food absolutely delicious and we've been to more than our share of Indian restaurants. Cold Taj Mahal beer of course. Great restaurant and good prices for the UES.
Excellent food and very good service!! Owner was very friendly and personally came to the table to get the order. We ordered Seekh Kebabs and Gosht Roganjosh with Naan. All very good.
I highly recommend this restaurant if you like Indian food. I have eaten here twice and I have ordered takeout and every time the food was excellent. The restaurant itself has a nice relaxed atmosphere and the staff is always very pleasant. The food is delicious and this is now my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC.
We live around the block from this place and were craving Indian food so decided to check it you.  Great ambience -- the lighting, sound level and aroma.  I went predictable with the chicken tikka and basmati rice with garlic naan, while my fiancé had the tandoori chicken.  We both cleaned our plates.  My dish was creamy yet somehow light (I know, I delude myself!) and didn't have the requisite pools of oil usually found in this dish.  The naan was soft and fluffy.  The owner of the restaurant was on site and stopped by the table to welcome us.  Service was polite and non-intrusive.  Will definitely be back!
Best indian food in this area by far, and the prices are great as well.  The chicken tikka masala (murgh tikka masala) was really really good. Don't let the 2nd avenue construction scare you away.
i've eaten here about 5-6 times now and the food was always rock solid.it's not going to blow your mind, but when you're craving good, solid indian food, this place really hits the spot.prices are reasonable and good indian food is a great addition to the area, which is lacking in quality ethnic cuisine.p.s. - best samosas i've ever had.  i've tried them from plenty of other restaurants and they are usually dense and dry.   rangoli does them right, with the outside perfectly flaky and the inside creamy.
I went with two friends for a leisurely dinner of 3 hours!  We were never rushed.  The owner introduced himself to us and everyone was very accommodating! I especially love hot spicey food so they brought over a plate of fresh chilli peppers for me.  You can't beat the prices, especially for the location.  Will definitely go back.
The owner has done a fantastic job at create the newest boutique Indian experience on the upper east side. The food was elegant, well prepared and well presented. The lunch special (50% menu) is hard to beat, and the portions are accommodating. They even grind their own spices on site. Part of a growing franchise by a budding restauranteur.
We are new customers and thrilled we found you! We will be back! As a native New Yorker I must say it is hard to find over the top fabulous service (unless you pay an arm and a leg for it!).  Ordering from Rangoli was such a delightful surprise!  We felt so taken care of by the gentleman taking our phone order. We actually were in shock. Outstanding customer service is a rare gift these days and to have food  match this wonderful experience only leaves us to be loyal to the fantastic team at Rangoli! Thank you so for caring about your customers!
Amazingly service and hospitality. Delicious food. Prices are low (although portions are not large. Nice quiet atmosphere with table cloths. Will return again.
My friend and I went just here for dinner and it was amazing! The most delicious food. We started off with the Samosa's, which were perfectly flaky with a delicious filling. I had the Aloo Gobi Matar and my friend had the Chicken Tikka Masala. We also ordered the Garlic Naan to share. My dish was so full of flavor and tasty! I couldn't finish it all and got to take it home for a next day treat. My friend practically finished his, but that's because he didn't eat so much basmati rice with his dish, he mostly enjoyed the chicken and dipping the naan in the sauce. I tried his dish which was super flavorful in the best way as well. The Garlic naan was fresh and so good! While we were eating, the owner made sure to come over and introduce himself to us. He asked how everything was, was 100% interested in what we had to say, and was so delighted to have us there. The servers who helped serve us were also great as well. I don't think that I'll ever want Indian food from any other restaurant in the city again...I'll definitely be craving it from Rangoli :)
Delicious food, a lovely place, and an owner who makes you feel cared for and welcome.
Excellent Indian.  Love that they are willing to adjust the spice upward upon request.  The lamb vindaloo dish is tops on my list because I enjoy a high level of spice, but the other dishes do not disappoint either.
I just simply love this place. The food is so satisfying. The glass fixtures are beautiful, The owner is so gracious. I cannot wait to return. Don't bypass this place. You will be so enamored with the warmth you receive just by being a patron. ENJOY!!
Rangoli is a new Indian restaurant in upper East side. Nice ambient environment. 50% discount for lunch is a good deal. Unlike other Indian restaurants with Lunch buffet (eat what's served) for $15 including tax and tip, you can have a filling lunch of your choice here for $10 including tax and tip. I have dined at all the Indian restaurants in the area and this tops the list. I am a regular here. Michael is a darling. I am yet to see a owner so involved like him in taking orders, serving, removing dishes, and handing the checks cordially. Their samosa is so flaky and tasty. They have decent Biryani and Jalfrezy is excellent. Very clean and friendly staff. It's a hidden gem in the area.
I love Indian food and was meeting a friend who is a vegetarian. I checked yelp and was impressed with the rave reviews for this restaurant. I just returned from one of the best Indian meals I've had in NY and the restaurant is only a few months old! The owner, Michael, welcomed us as we entered a lovely, low key setting that transported us from busy 2nd Ave. The lighting (cool hanging lamps from India), the quiet atmosphere, tablecloths, candles and our warm welcome started the experience off well and it only got better. We ordered the mong salad which was crunchy and delicious. The lentil soup was wonderful--light, creamy with subtle spices that made me consider another order to take out. I had the whole red snapper which was cooked to perfection and my friend had the baby eggplant dish. Our onion whole wheat bread was hot and right out of the oven. Michael came to the table twice to check on us, which was a noticeable change from the aloof restauranteurs we all encounter in NY. I'm giving Rangoli five stars because everything was five star. Even the bathrooms are spotlessly clean. The 2nd Ave. subway construction has obstructed the restaurant sign so look for it--it's on the west side of 2nd Ave bet. 72-73 St. It's worth it.  Great neighborhood restaurant and great restaurant even if you live on the westside, which I do.Enjoy!
Absolutely one of the finest Indian restauants around with outstanding fare that lives up to it's name "exquisite." The  Tikka Masala is the best I've ever eaten, my son agrees, the Vindaloo was tasty and hot, breads were delicious.  Even the green sauce condiment was better, tastful and a additional delight. Service was fine, atmosphere clean and nice and the prices extremely fair, a great deal for lunch at 50% off. Go here, you won't be dissapointed.
We were in the city after walking around the Met and we had a taste for Indian.  We found this place on Yelp and thought we would give it a try.  The interior is beautifully decorated, very clean and welcoming.  The owner came to our table and introduced himself and asked if we had questions.  We did, and he was very helpful.  We had an order of samosa, a salad and the assorted pakoras as appetizers.  They were fresh and delicious, and not at all greasy.  I had the Punjabi lamb curry, recommended by the owner, because I wanted spicy but not too spicy.  It was perfect!  My friend had the biryani and loved her dish.  We had an order of plain nann and it came out piping hot and delicious.  The service was attentive without being pushy.  I wish I lived closer to come here all the time to get my Indian fix.  Alas, I live 500 miles away.  I have had Indian food in several different cities and countries.  This place is a true gem
Great location. Excellent decor. Paired a fantastic and reasonably priced Malbec with our dinner. The food was Grade A delicious. Everything is fresh and made in house. Top notch authentic indian cuisine at a price I would say is too low. Still in sticker shock (in a positive way). Met the owner Michael who was gracious and spoke with us for a bit about his philosophies of the owner/guest experience. Can't recommend this spot enough!!!
I have always been curious about trying Indian food, but I have been hesitant because I have been told that it has too many condiments. Do not let yourself be fooled!I came in on a Friday night and I was immediately seated. The waiter came over instantly. Since I had never tried Indian food before, I was unsure of what to order. The owner came over and greeted us very warmly. He made a few suggestions and even offered to make the food a little less condimented, if I was afraid of it being overly condimented. Everything was absolutely delicious. The food was NOT overly condimented, it was very rich and flavorful. I had the chicken curry and it was amazing,the curry was thick and rich. The rice was perfectly cooked. The owner, made a wine suggestion to accompany the meal and he was spot on! The service was excellent, we were swiftly served, and the food was excellent!
We went to Rangoli last night to have a very low-key dinner and this place is a blast! We ordered Bhel Puri as an appetizer to start off, and we were very surprised by the flavour fo this dish! Just be aware it is on the spicy side, not my favourite, and yet I enjoyed having it.We also ordered the Murgh Saag (Chicken) and a Garlic Naan for the both of us (me and my girlfriend), and I've got to tell you that one entree + an appetizer is more than enough for two people. The dish was delicious, very good and tasteful.The staff was very nice too, the waiter who helped us last night was very helpful!I would recommend eating here, and this is definitely a place we are gonna keep in our minds for an easy food for a very good price in the near future. (Whenever we crave indian food!)
Mediocre food......spotty service and Manager seemed a bit flaky at best.   It's unlikely we'll be back because the chicken in the tikka masala was so bland and dry. Really disappointed.  BTW Manager called me at my home because of my comments on Yelp which I found extremely intrusive and peculiar (at best).   Either they are failing badly or the Manager has "anger management" issues.....either way, stay clear and save your money!
Our go-to Indian food- always delicious and timely delivery. Tried a couple other options on the UES and this is hands down the best. Nice little restaurant set up too with mood lighting and right beside Q train.
Review for delivery only.5 stars for food alone.veg samosas - Loved this and would definitely order againaloo gobi - Delicious, although I do wish the potatoes were cooked through a bit more. They were a bit uneven in size, and the larger chunks weren't as soft and cooked as they should be.chicken tikka masala - So so good. Get this.garlic naan & plain paratha - Pretty solid.mango lassi - Delicious although I did struggle to drink it seeing how they have it to me in a cup that needed a straw but didn't provide a straw...rice pudding - Good, not sure I would order it againall the portion sizes were good and definitely good valueDelivery experience: 1 star deducted for including zero utensils with the delivery, not even a straw for my drink.
I liked this place. Owner was friendly, interior was nice, food was decent. I had a lamb curry, forget the name. Was told it was the spicier of the options and I requested spicy on top of that. Was about average heat wise though for "hot" indian. The sauce was tasty, but seemed a bit one dimensional. Price is pretty fair for dinner, however you don't get a ton of meat, so I guess that's kind of a trade off. Decent beer and wine options. Will say the garlic naan was let down. I love that shiz and here it was just so so. Ya'll definitely need to rework that one as other places do it much better. I would come back and try some other dishes for sure. Probably want to try the tandoori. Anyways, while I've def had better, my first try here was decent enough that I'd give it one more go.
4 (or even 5) stars for service. Amazing staff. But food I would have to give a 3-4 star. Thought it was average and haven't been back. But there is something to be said about great service, which this restaurant has.
What an amazing experience we had on Tuesday night at Rangoli.  Pete and I were having dinner before our last Precana class and needed something delicious on the UES.  A quick Yelp search turned up Rangoli and off we went.We started off with an appetizer recommended by the waiter and sadly, I don't know the name.  It was chic peas, crusty naan pieces and potatoes, covered in some kind of gravy.  It was awesome; we could have eaten 4 plates of them.I ordered my usual chicken tikka masala and before you judge me as basic (and go to Hell, if you do), this was seriously awesome and unique.  I ordered it extra spicy and it was just that.  I like creamy, tomato sauce, but it has to be spicy, similar to Utica's Chicken Riggies, for those in the know.  That's a really esoteric reference, so don't even sweat it if you're scratching your head.  Pete had lamb in an almond sauce that we both loved.  The waiter refilled our rice at no extra charge.  In FACT, this place gets 5 stars for being an Indian spot that doesn't charge for rice.  Our entrees said they came with mango chutney, but we didn't get any.  So make sure you request that.  The decor of this spot is cute and clean, they have a bar you can sit at if you're waiting for someone and they also have a full bar, not just beer and wine.  I naturally ordered a Taj Mahal, because how could I eat Indian food without one?
I ordered a medium-spicy chicken curry dish, only to find that it was much spicier than dishes served at other Indian restaurants. It was nearly not enjoyable. The owner tried to pass this off as simply "more authentic; I don't Americanize my food," which I found rather condescending. As a frequent eater of authentic spicy foods from several cuisines including Indian, I found my food lacking in flavor development, as everything was masked by the overwhelmingly heat of the spice.The garlic naan had no flavor.Also, the food gave me food poisoning.The staff is quite attentive, which is a plus.The food was priced reasonably well, but next time I want Indian food, I will go to Curry Hill.
Amazing Indian on the upper east side!  Had a party of six who dined in. Wonderful service and food.
Being Indian I have high standards for Indian food. I find that most Americanized Indian food seems to value cream and oil, which is not what good Indian food is. Rangoli has come closer than any place in my opinion to authentic Indian food and for that I give it 5 stars.The lamb is usually very good cuts and made in a way that is tender. When you ask for it spicy, this place knows spicy.If you're trying to get close to homemade, this is the place to go.
Ordered take out not too long ago from this place, and it was really delicious. Garlic naan, vegetable korma, veg samosas, aloo gobi matar...all A++.
The owner greeted us and talked to us intelligently and helpfully--"don't order too much"--and talked about different heats and spices.  We had excellent naan, samosas so light they could have floated.  I had a hot goat curry (I do know goat from Italy) with mint basmati and raita.  Delicious.  My host had lamb vindaloo--much appreciated.  Service polite and prompt.  Decor civilized and very clean.Excellent place, authentic and seriously concerned with quality!This is not one of those Indian palaces, better known in London.  But it is much more than a "neighborhood Indian."  It is a serious contender for "best of Indian in NYC."
My family and I had a wonderful dinner this evening at Rangoli. I've been searching for an excellent Indian restaurant on the upper east side and Rangoli is it! The food was phenomenal and the service was excellent. Everything was flavorful but never too heavy. Michael, the owner and chef, came to greet us at our table and to make sure all was well. The staff is lovely and this is definitely going to be one of our neighborhood favorites.
The food is delicious! I can't say enough about the onion naan. However, they're a little stingy with their rice portions.
This is our go-to for Indian takeout. Always fast and friendly service. Recommended dishes: Railroad Chicken Curry, Aloo Gobi, Saag Paneer, Samosas.
This place is great. Service is excellent, food is delicious, and the manager is super friendly. A great neighborhood spot.
Great food and veggie options !The Veggie balls were amazing ! All the standards are above par , samosas and cheese naan and the rice pudding are a must -
Owner Michael was so welcoming to us for dinner, really accommodating and genuinely cares about pleasing customers.   My parents and I came here before seeing a show at the Asia Society.   We tried the samosas, gobi, and a crab curry as well as two rice desserts.   All of the food was delicious.   The gobi was on point!   The rice pudding was one of the best I've ever had. The intricate hanging lamps were so beautiful I had to take a picture of them.   I'd love to try more dishes next time,specifically that rail road curry that sounded yummy!
Gorgeous flavors, delightful staff and quiet & elegant ambiance make this UES gem a great new find for me! Will return asap!
The food was delicious, especially the lamb khorma. The waiter suggested a dessert we had never tried before, and said if we didn't like it, there would be no charge. Excellent customer service during the whole experience. Highly recommended.
excellent food, good atmosphere and nice staff. One if my favorite places for Indian food in ues.
This is by far my favorite Indian restaurant on the East Side. The food is always amazing and when you say "very spicy" they definitely deliver. I've both dined in and ordered take out and can't say enough good things about the food. And the owner is very nice and welcoming. Eat here asap!!
Rangoli is probably my favourite place to eat Indian in New York. Last year, my friends and I made the trek fairly regularly, despite having to travel quite a bit from the UWS to the UES where its located. However, it's really worth it. The food has real flavour, and isn't obviously loaded with cream and oil to make it taste better - it's there, as in all restaurant food - but its very flavourful. The owner is incredibly nice and when I mentioned that I really like mutter paneer, an item not on their regular menu, the owner offered to have it made for me, and it was delicious indeed. I don't eat meat, but my friends that do always seem to like it as well.The demeanour of the restaurant is a little quiet and makes for an excellent place for sit down dinner with friends or a date.
Indian cuisine has been a favorite of my boyfriend and mine for years and Rangoli did not disappoint. The best Indian food I have ever had! Such amazing flavor and outstanding service. The price is also great, especially for the quality and portion size. We will DEFINITELY be back! :)
I am so happy that I stumbled upon Rangoli for dinner last night. It was my first time trying Indian food, am I'm glad to say my first experience did not disappoint! The owner of the restaurant was very welcoming and willing to answer all questions we had about the menu. We ordered a chicken dish, lamb dish, and garlic naan. Everything was fantastic, but the lamb was phenomenal! We will definitely be back.
I ordered a goat biriyani along with crab meat curry for lunch, and I have to say it wasn't the greatest experience. Goat Biriyani had way too many spices, and it felt like eating cement. overall the experience wasn't that good.
What can I say? Food and service was amazing.We started off with the pakoras and also tikis - both of which were very well made and perfectly spiced. For entrees we had the Malai kofta, garlic naan and chicken tikka masala...we were impressed that the sauce base for both the kofta and the tikka masala contained less cream and more tomatoes (and hence was even tastier).  To top this off, the owner Michael was incredibly attentive and nice and made sure me and my friend were comfortable.  We're definitely coming back!
Food was really delicious. Spices were perfect. The space is really nice inside. Owner and wait staff were really attentive and cared about the diners' experience. I will be adding this into my regular cycle of restaurants. Prices were reasonable: 2 entrees, appetizer, 2 sides, and 4 drinks for under $100. Get the Poori as a side (puffy na'an).
This is my go to Indian restaurant for chicken biryani in the Upper East Side. Excellent Indian food and great service. Right off of the new Second Avenue subway stop.  Growing up with Indian food, I recommend this place with no hesitation.
Excellent Restaurant. Owner usually on premises, taking orders, helping out. Dedicated to his restaurant - you can't ask for better. Food is excellent. Service is excellent. Happy that they are no longer being obscured by the 2'nd Ave Subway construction.My UES goto for fine Indian.
AHHHHMAZING IN ALL AREAS OF INDIAN CUISINE! I'm usually not a big Indian food fan, but this place opened my mind back up to the idea. We had great food, fabulous service, & they were super accommodating with our party (we came early & had a little one). Thanks guys!! We'll be back!!
The staff was very friendly and helpful. The food arrived promptly and tasted great. Would def. go again
Best Indian food I've had in the city. Chicken vindaloo is outstanding. I got it delivered. It arrived promptly. Great food.
This place is phenomenal! I love Indian cuisine and this place definitely does it justice. Not only is the staff very polite, but the food is wonderful. Great service. Great food. Try this place, you will not be disappointed! I will be coming back.
First time I've ordered from Rangoli after trying many other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood (Upper Eastside). What a nice New Year surprise!  The food was really good, very delicious!! Delivered on time too -- on a holiday no less.  I had the Chicken Korma and poori bread. This will be my "go to" place for Indian Food.
Not so nice Indian place @uppereast...Staff was not attentive and rude in a way.. Food also was not that great.. Infact all the dishes we ordered turned out to be on the sour side.. May be they should call this place "tamarind"
Never really had much experience with Indian food but craved something new and went to Rangoli. Got to meet the owner Mr. Micheal and his wonderful staff and let them know that I'll be putting my stomach in there hands. Boy was I in for a surprise; the food was amazing and left me wanting more. Rangoli now became one of my favorite new spots to go to with out any hesitation
The owner Michael is a sweet and kind man. Customer service is stellar and service is tailored to your needs. The food matches the quality of the service. The sweet and spicy cauliflower is very delicious!
My favorite Indian restaurant. Everything is individually seasoned and tastes great. Try the Tandoori Mixed Grill - it will feed at least 2 good eaters. Very good Mango Lhasa.
From the moment you walk in the door the level of service and friendliness is incredible. Everyone has a smile on their face. I think this is the best Indian I have had in the city. Only the best ingredients and REAL Indian food. Even the owner makes an effort to come to your table, welcome you and make sure you are happy with everything. I live down in Soho, but I come up here for the best Indian in New York City!
All the food here are an explosion of flavor! I absolutely loved it. I came with some friends, we had the chicken tikka masala, chicken lababdar, and alu gobi matar. We had Ka-choir chaat as an appetizer and it was so good!  It was mildly spicy and a little bit sweet too. Lastly, gulab jam as dessert. We were treated very well! And they have half off during lunch hour. You should definitely passed by. The restaurant is very hard to see because of the construction.
Amazing food and awesome service. This place is a hidden gem.The atmosphere was very cozy and intimate, can't wait to go back soon
Second visit tonight. The food is really solid. The butter chicken was a tad too sweet for our liking but still damn tasty. Black lentils were delish. I'll order those bad boys again.Maybe the owner was having a bad night. Our first visit and he was dripping with friendliness. This time he wasn't warm at all. For a neighborhood restaurant, this place has solid, good food. Ambiance is lacking but I don't need that if the food is good. I'll certainly be back.
My family lives right near here, and for a while now, whenever we passed, we said, "We should really try this place". Well, we finally did. We ordered a saag paneer (the best I've ever had), chicken Tikka Masala (The best I've ever had), and Tandoori chicken (Definitely the best I've had in my life, soo good). The owner made sure we were having a good time and was very friendly. Also, as a side note, try the onion roti (If you've ever had a bialy, this is just like that. GO HERE.
This place is a blast. Love everything from appetizers to desert. We usually go during lunch hours. Best Indian place and reasonable price
My wife and I just discovered this wonderful restaurant just a few blocks from our apartment and wish we had known about it sooner after such a great experience!The owner and staff are very attentive and courteous which made the experience that much better. We started with the samosas and gobi which were both excellent but the gobi stood out to both of us and cannot be passed up, this will be something we continue to order in the future. For entrees we had the chicken tikka masala and baby eggplants each of which were very flavorful and combined deliciously with fresh Naan and Basmati rice.Their location is suffering from the 2nd Ave Subway construction and obscured by a large construction fence but is well worth the visit, you won't be disappointed.
Came here 7 months ago and the head waiter remembered us and where we sat! Very impressed. Brought my entire family for dinner here tonight- we ordered tandoori chicken, chicken jalfrezi, shrimp- all incredibly delicious. The vegetarian dishes were very fresh but not as stellar.The service was excellent- very attentive.Will definitely come here again.
The food was excelent and the service was great. The owner came out and spoke witb us. He was a perfect gentleman and definitely was there to please.I felt very comfortable with the wait staff and they were pretty prompt with everything.The one thing I wish was better were the prices. The quanitity was good for a meal, but the price was maybe a few dollars higher than I thought it should be for that area. However, for indian restaurants on the upper east side, this place is definitely the best.
This is my new favorite Indian restaurant in Manhattan. Firstly, it's a bit hard to find because of the construction but just go behind the construction and you'll find the sign above the door. The place inside is quite nice with tablecloths and a pretty, clean interior with these beautiful lamps throughout the restaurant hanging from the ceiling. They have your average Indian menu with all of the popular items and all of the chicken is white meat chicken which I prefer so that was great. The prices are reasonable and actually pretty affordable considering how nice the place is inside. The owner came over and introduced himself and I thought that was very nice. It is always great to put a face to the restaurant and to see how much he truly cares about his business and pleasing the customers. Lastly, the food was incredible. It had flavor, not too much heaviness that I've experienced at other Indian restaurants, and the perfect kick of spice as requested. I'll definitely be back here.
If just judging by the food alone, this place would be a solid 4 stars, but the service is TERRIBLE.  I am usually not one to place service over the quality/taste of the food, but almost every time we go there, we leave disappointed that we spent our time/money there.  Aside from the owner who is very nice and hard working-- all the other staff is dismissive at best and down right horrible at worst.  Even with the good food, the whole experience was not a pleasant one!
We were staying  in the neighborhood , and chose Rangoli based on the good reviews.  It definitely lived up to previous good reviews.  We were greeted warmly, and the staff was friendly and attentive throughout our meal.  The food was excellent.  It took a little while to arrive, but we took that as good sign...since everything was fresh and piping hot when it came to the table.  Our plain naan was warm and delicious.2nd avenue is nightmare of construction right now, and I'm sure this must have a negative impact on the local businesses.  Please make the effort to dodge digging machines, holes, and traffic to get to Rangoli.  They'll reward your efforts with a lovely meal in a welcoming atmosphere.l
I am relatively new to Indian food so for the past four months my boyfriend and I have been trying all over Manhattan and even Queens. This was some of the MOST delicious Indian food I've ever had. Michael is a doll, and he came right over to greet us and explained the menu. We ordered a variety. Shrimp saag, chicken korma, samosas, basmati rice, garlic and plain naan. It was delicious and very fresh. It's worth the walk (for us). Don't let the construction from the subway keep you from this incredible  gem!
Rangoli is my favorite Indian food in the city! The owner is so kind and attentive, he really makes sure every customer is happy. We really wanted paneer makhani (not on the menu), but they went ahead and made it for us anyway (and it was delicious!) Highly recommend this place for all your naan cravings :)
It was a pleasure stumbling upon this Indian spot on 2nd Ave. The appetizers and entrees made with their in house spices were delicious. The owner Michael stopped by our table and introduced himself, which was a very nice gesture. We will be coming back and bringing friends.
This is truly exquisite Indian food. Our first visit tonight and it rivaled meals we have eaten in India. The samosa was light and crisp on the outside with soft potato mixture inside. The Delhi Railroad curry was chunks of moist white meat chicken in a yellow curry with complex flavors. The wait staff was helpful. We will b
okay so we were 8 people  we came in to be seated.  our ordering was rushed,  We asked for appetizers for 8 and got food for 2  Really?  How ridiculous.  Not to mention, our waiter was rushing us to order dinner and impatient as we couldn't decide.  We wont be going back and will make sure anyone we know won't either.    This is my review, and we are from the same place.  So NO we will definitely not go back.
Ordered dinner in Seamless based on good reviewsThe food was inedible. We threw it outThe chicken was rubbery and tasteless The Sag Paneer was greasy and too spiceyI don't think the food was freshThe grilled vegetables were old and also soggyDon't order from here. We love Indian food and know it well-this was garbage. This was old left overs
This was the best Indian food I have ever had. I had the Chana Masala, Chicken Tikka Masala and Rangoli eggplant. Everything was delectable. The portions were generous and the sauces were a lovely complement. I can't recommend it highly enough. Delivery was very quick and the owner of the restaurant took the time over the phone to help me select Gluten free dishes, as I am celiac. I will be back.
A very cute spot in the upper east with an intimate setting; not too fancy but clean and cozy. The food here was pretty good - we had the lamb curry which was well seasoned with a variety of spices and flavor, as well as the chicken tikka masala, which was good but not the best I've had. The plain naan was delicious. The portions were generous and filling as the curry dish came with a side of basmati rice. The owner was very friendly and the staff were extremely nice as well which made for an overall pleasant dining experience. Would definitely drop by again to try more dishes! :)
I just received my delivery and wow was I blown away!! The ka chori chaat takes me back to when I was in India eating chaat every other day as a snack- it's INCREDIBLE!The Delhi Railroad Curry is more like haleem than a curry, but that does not bother me at ALL since it's so hard to find a good chicken haleem. And the garlic naan is spot on. I absolutely can't wait to eat out here more!!
We've been here twice now, and when we walked in 2nd time, the owner greeted us and remembered us from last summer!   Obviously the shit-show that 2nd Ave is now is negatively affecting business, so I wanted to show some love for this charming fairly new place!   Food is very good, the atmosphere is very nice (white table cloth joint), and very clean.   Highly recommend you try it if you love Indian food.   (Beer/decent wine too, btw)
The restaurant is the best Indian restaurant in the Upper East Side neighborhood. Good atmosphere, great staff, delicious food. My fifth time here and no complaints. Shahi Gosht Korma is a must! Everything fresh and yummy. Highly recommended.
Amazing Indian food tucked behind some construction fences. The staff was super friendly and the food was delicious. I definitely recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala!
Good service, very friendly staff. Ended up chatting with the chef for a bit who sent some stuff out for me to try based on our conversation. Would absolutely go back and recommend others to check it out. It's quiet, reasonable priced and pretty tasty.
Ambiance is perfectly comfortable/clean and food would have been great if it weren't served at a suspicious temperature. Went there for the first time last night and got samosas, plain naan, 3 entrees and all tasted great but everything was lukewarm--samosas were cool in the center.
Came in with my Mom 2 nights ago for dinner.Everything we had was delicious and prepared with obvious care.Michael - the owner - came to our table and discussed how he prepares his foods and was more than willing to customize our meal to fit our flavor profiles -- and tossed in a little history and pronunciation lesson to boot!I'd go back again and again -- don't let that annoying 2nd Ave construction cause you to miss out - best Indian food I've eaten in the area and well worth jumping over a 2x4 or orange cone!Thanks Michael - see you soon.
This restaurant may be a bit challenging to find as its tucked away behind 2 Avenue Subway construction. It's on par with most of the Indian food I have had in the city and the only thing I found separating it from some of the more expensive restaurants was the aesthetics of the room, which feel a little unfinished, and minor components of the plating. The owner was very nice and came over to serve us as my sister had a gluten intolerance and he wanted to make sure everything was taken care of (this is probably why I'm giving Rangoli 4 stars instead of 3). To start we had the Tandori Paneer Tikka and the Boti Kebab. I had never had paneer in this style and I would 100% get it again. The boti kebab on the other hand was a little dry and I could do without. All our main dishes were good but not amazing; we went with the Lamb Saag Gosht, Butter Chicken, and the Aloo Gobi Matar. With a bottle of wine split three ways, I think the meal's total came out to $20 person. For the value I would definitely return.
Excellent food. Great service. Very nice dinner. I had the chicken with stir fry vegetables in a spicy tomato sauce. Excellent. My bf had a spicy lamb dish. Both were superb. Michael the owner stopped by our table 2x to check in. I would recommend to anyone in the area.
Great food. Ordered dinner and had it delivered faster than even I expected. Will definitely order again when in NYC.
The navrattan korma is delicious, and I love the sweet and spicy gobi. The owner is so helpful and kind, always trying to go the extra step. I will keep coming back to this restaurant!!
I don't even want to give this place 1 star. My first time ordering from here. Terrible customer service. I ordered 1 plate samosa and kadhai paneer. The oil they used was bad ( probably reused) and the flavor was bland. I was so in the mood to eat a nice samosa and this totally ruined the experience. I've eaten a few dishes that have a lot of oil and taste incredible which is worth it sometimes. The Kadhai paneer dish was floating in oil and tasted bland. So I'm consuming all this oil and I don't even get good taste in return. That's not the worst part. I ordered this food for lunch and because of a busy day at work, could not call the restaurant to complain about it until later in the day. When I eventually do so and tell them nicely that their food was not up to the mark, I get a response in an accusatory tone instead of an apologetic one, that you're telling us very late. Why didn't you call us earlier. Forget refunding money or offering some other incentive ( I was not even expecting that), not even an apology that we're sorry you didn't enjoy our food. So much for being in a service industry! I work on the 2nd Ave subway project and this project has increased revenue for all businesses along this line, but I would definitely recommend to all my colleagues in person to never order from here. I'm an Indian and I know how authentic Indian flavors are. And this is no where close to that. To top it all, when I went in person to the restaurant with the food package to talk to the manager, he said don't threaten me with a bad yelp review. Do what you want. So here it is. Bad food, horrible customer service, bad treatment of customers, arrogant manager. Don't waste your time going here. There are better Indian restaurants in the vicinity and certainly with better people who serve.
This restaurant is amazing! I came here TWICE last summer in my 2 week vacation because of the great hospitality of the owner and staff, and because the food is that great. The owner Michael is very friendly and makes sure that your dining experience is perfect. I personally cannot handle very spicy flavors, and so he suggested that I try the tikka masala. It was so delicious! I have no complaints. I paired my meal with a mango chutney- a cold, refreshing drink that really cooled me down from walking around the upper east side that day. If you're craving Indian food, I definitely recommend visiting this establishment!!
This place has one of the best chicken tikka masala's I have had in the city. I loved the Indian music and the owner Lawrence is a real treat he even showed me a new Indian beer by the name of Taj Mahal
Shrouded in the dust of the 2nd Ave subway construction, Rangoli is a hidden gem with a diverse and super-tasty North Indian menu. Give everything a try. Go with friends and share many plates. Cheese Naan, Garlic Naan, Onion Naan... Don't worry naan - you can afford it.  Price point is very reasonable and the service is excellent. They do not want you to leave hungry or unhappy.  Highly recommend sweet and spicy gobi, ka-chori chaat, delhi railroad curry, lamb roganjosh - it's all really good.
Service is wonderful and food is great, they have everything half off for lunch which is always a plus in NYC! Everything tastes fresh and homemade :)
Excellent. Hit the spot after a long day of traveling! The owner, Michael, is very kind and cordial and the food was delicious. Not huge portions but still filled us up. We had the samosas, onion naan, chicken tikka masala and tandoori chicken.
My husband and I just ate our first meal here and it was outstanding. We have been missing a quality Indian restaurant in our neighborhood and surprised to learn they have been open for a year and a half. They are partially obscured by construction for the soon to be completed 2nd Ave subway.  I ordered  Lamb Gosht Roganjosh and it was spectacular. The meat  was tender and lean, the sauce not too salty and very little oil. We orders other accompaniments and my husband loved main dish as well. The owner is Michael and he is gracious and focused on delivering quality. The room is very pretty with colorful hanging lamps. I waked in intending to order take out but when I saw the room I called my husband and asked him to meet me so we could eat in. Loved the rose wine with my lamb. Overall It was delightful  and I highly recommend.
Amazing food at a fair price.  As many have said, Michael the owner was so kind and friendly to introduce himself and check in on our experience. Ordered the saag paneer, lamb biryani, and garlic naan and it was more than enough to fill my brother and I and have leftovers.  Saag was made with plenty of spinach and not watery at all.  Rich and creamy with generous portions of paneer inside.  Lamb was so soft and tender with biryani was filled bold spices making it pair perfectly with the saag.  Am definitely going back and would recommend it.  Time to warmup the leftovers for breakfast I am craving the saag again this morning desperately!
Ordered delivery. Small portions, but to their credit they sent more to make up for it but the damage was done. Also, Tikka Masala too anglicized.
Really great spot that opened up less than 6 months ago. We strolled in for Sunday lunch and was surprised to have one of the best Indian meals that we've had in a long time. Owner Michael came to greet us and wait staff was kind and responsive.  Rangoli is an excellent choice for lunch (50% off) or a delightful dinner without needless pomp.   See below for the courses my husband and I ordered:Paneer tikka appetizer was fresh and like home cooking.  Very few Indian restaurants cook fresh paneer. Paired with a Taj Mahal, makes for a start to a great week.Chicken vindaloo, for those of you who like spice, this is for you. You know, when you start getting the sniffles but the good kind. Malai kofta was pure perfection. The tomato sauce was exquisite and the kofta was soft and hearty yet light enough to finish without regret. Garlic naan was light and airy with fresh garlic pieces (we ordered 3 naan for 2 people).  Overall, a filling meal but one that didn't weigh us down like many other restaurants serving North Indian cuisine. Would definitely recommend for newbies to Indian cuisine and even vets.
Best Indian food I have ever had and they manage to do it consistently. Each dish is so flavorful, yet not at all heavy as Indian food often is. You'll want to shamelessly wipe the bowls clean with your naan! I'm convinced everything on the menu is good, so you can close your eyes and pick, . I have gotten catering from Rangoli for a friend's birthday and it was a great hit! Everyone loved it.  The restaurant is a sure bet for 5 star cuisine. You would be mistaken to eat Indian anywhere else!
Great traditional Indian fare. The Owner, Mike, introduced himself to us after we were seated. Fast service and very well done Malai Kofta and onion naan.
this place is amazing. Food is truly delicious and price is very reasonable. portions also very generous. try the Daily Rail Chicken Curry and the Vindaloo also great. Staff was super nice as was the owner. this is a bit hidden because of 2nd ave subway line construction but an amazing find!will absolutely go back here
Very good food especially if you enjoy a good, piping hot roti and super spicy paneer tikka masala. Rice accompanies most entrees and the establishment has a nice vibe to it. A nice addition to NYC's Indian food scene.
Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken samosas, and sweet and sour cauliflower were flavorful and delicious! Good service as well. The owner of the restaurant came around to introduce himself, the menu, and his recommendations, which were superb. I'm writing this review because you can't see this place due to all the construction on 2nd, but its really worth stopping in! We were just looking for a quick back and in retrospect it was really pretty tasty.Oh, and I usually get garlic naan, but the onion naan here may have made me a convert!
My girlfriend had a great dinner there. We got naan and I had the chicken vindaloo. A lot of places will hold back on their spice, but these guys didn't and I was very appreciative. The whole staff was very attentive and it was a great overall experience. I will definitely come back!
This is a new favorite, and I know we'll be back often. The food was exceptionally well prepared, with distinct, delicious flavoring for each dish we chose. Spices here are ground on premises, meat is from local farms.  Try the Sweet and Spicy Gobi (Cauliflower) for an appetizer! The owner was welcoming, and gave each patron personal attention. Service was excellent.  The decor was tasteful and pretty, and the music quite lovely.
My husband and I ate at Rangoli last night and had an amazing experience. We eat Indian often, so we are tough critics, and Rangoli lived up to our expectations with each course. The papadoms, tandoori chicken, lamb curry, samosas, all of it was spectacular! The restaurant was spacious and pretty inside and the staff were extremely attentive and kind. We live in the area and can honestly say that it is the best Indian restaurant we've been to on the UES. We will DEFINITELY be back!
Excellent food and service in a pleasant setting for relatively modest pricing.Worth going to the Upper East Side for, no joke. If you like Indian food, this place is top notch; if you're not sure if you like Indian food, you will definitely like it after going here.
Love love love Indian food. One of my fav place to get Indian food. Even though is pretty far for me but it's worth the travel. Definitely gotta try their lamb chops. Tikka masala and the other one with kurma I forgot the name. But all so good. If u like Indian food please try this place.
Interesting. It's been almost 2 hours of waiting for the food. When I called to asked about where it is the person on the other line was rude and just told me "he's on his way". When I mentioned it's been two hours he hung up on me. Is this a way to do business? Not going to be ordering from here again, no matter how the food is... Which I'm sure it's cold by now since it's been such a long wait.Found out something new. Seamless never sent the order. Thanks seamless. Never ever using them again!Food was great. The owner picked up the phone the second time and ended up being extremely accommodating to the situation. Because of him going out of his way to fix things, the food being amazing, this place gets 5 stars. Great job, but shame on you seamless for taking money and never transferring the order through.
This place seems wildly overrated here, based on the dinner we had the other evening.We arrived around 8pm to a mostly-empty room. We ordered fairly standard dishes, and weren't really impressed with any of them... and some were really not good.We started with veg samosas and bhel puri. The samosas were pretty flavorless; the bhel puri was okay if a bit overly compressed and soggy.The mains included chicken tikka masala (with dry white meat and a neon red-orange, highly homogenized sauce that was timidly spiced and unappetizingly sweet); lamb saag gosht (with tender meat but bland, murky-green spinach sauce); and the vegetarian baby eggplant (with grainy orange-yellow sauce -- this had more of a kick, but was nothing special). Accompanied by dry-ish rice and dry-ish naan.Given the generally sorry state of Manhattan Indian, expectations were tempered but this was definitely a mediocre meal. Oh: the raita was almost inedibly (and inexplicably) sweet... it tasted -- bizarrely -- as though it had been made with sugary vanilla yogurt. Oof.
The owner Michael kindly introduced and served us himself. The service was quick and lentil curry splendid!
I am Indian (amongst other things).  I know how to judge indian food.  This place is very good.  It is our go to Indian restaurant on the upper east side.The service is above and beyond excellent.  They are fast, friendly and polite!  The restaurant is very clean.  The menu has many options, more than the average Indian restaurant. You really should try this place.  I also want it to succeed so badly since I love it and it has the unfortunate circumstance of being hidden by the second avenue construction.  Please help this place thrive!
I came here with my friend and his family because he raved about this place on a close to consistent basis. I wanted to like it more, especially because it came so well reviewed by a friend and the Yelp reviews are on the whole pretty strong. I thought the food was ok, although definitely not worth returning for. The sag paneer was what you would expect but again, better options abound. Hoping to spruce up the dinner experience, I ordered a serving of gulab jamun (a dish which I'm sure takes some dedication to make but which I've rarely seen poorly made) and thought that fell flat too.
This indian restaurant is very good. What I liked about it was the friendliness of the staff and that the food was not too salty but very flavorful because of the spices. I had the goat curry with garlic naan and the house wine. The portions were generous enough for two meals for less than $20, which is very good! I will eat here again and I recommended it to anyone looking for good indian on the UES where there is a dearth of good indian places.
I typically order the same dish from every Indian Restaurant: Chicken Tikka Masala & Garlic Naan. Now while the dish isn't to die for here, they compare well to other Indian spots in the area. What makes Rangoli Exquisite my go-to Indian restaurant however is the staff.  The owner is so pleasant and so are the waiters. They make sure your dish is made just how you prefer and do their best to accommodate. Decent indian dishes, competitive prices, and a staff full of smiles - they've got my business!
It really is exquisite. Excellent friendly service. Fresh, tasty food. Tender lamb. Relaxed and quiet atmosphere and tasteful decor. Highly recommend.
Seriously the BEST chicken tikka in Manhattan!! I've been searching out a chicken tikka masala that is creamy and not spicy. This is the best I've found! Garlic naan was awesome, too. Service was great, owner was really nice. Unfortunately the 2nd ave subway construction is right in front of this restaurant--but do not let this deter you from going here! SO GOOD!!!
Coming from London, good Indian food in NYC is hard to come by. This is the best Indian food I have had in NYC so far. Tasty food at very reasonable prices. Will be ordering again.
This is a hidden gem of a restaurant with delicious food, outstanding and attentive service.  Comfortable environment, food had well rounded flavor and the owner himself checked on our experience.  While the restaurant was a little warm, we came here on the hottest day of the summer.  I will be coming back and would recommend this to others.  I will also be ordering their food on seamless.
Service was outstanding, i have rarely felt more welcomed at a restaurant before.  The food was delicious and surprisingly affordable.  Lots of vegan friendly dishes as well as great meat plates..  something for everyone
Just ordered for delivery and it is amazing good food. It came on time, and when I asked for extra spicy, they hit the mark. Thanks guys! My new favorite.
I ordered delivery and they were on time, which was appreciated, but the food was just okay. I ordered the mumtazzi shorba and the chicken tikka masala. They did warn that the soup was thin, so it's my fault for not taking them seriously because it was basically broth. The tikka masala was oddly sweet, which I did not like. I like it more savory and spicy than tasting like brown sugar. I think I'll shop around Indian food wise before giving them another shot.
The food was excellent and the service is simply outstanding. Very pleasant authentic atmosphere with traditional silverware and background music. Great restaurant to enjoy amazing food and have a conversation in a quiet space. Highly recommended!
Alright so... Lots of people giving great reviews, decided to try a few weeks ago for the first time. Since then I have ordered 6 times from this place and I must say the hype is real. I usually stay away from North Indian because it's usually a disappointment. This place doesn't disappoint.... I'm going to add a 5 star review because the food is that dank. I love Indian food and having a local spot near me is dangerous. This place makes really great food. You can tell there is love and effort in the food this is definitely not your normal Indian place. They are a true diamond in the rough. I haven't eaten in the restaurant yet, only ordered delivery, but the portions are big. Sweet naan paired with any style curry whatever will soothe that savory craving you have been yearning for. Tandoori on point btw. Just go try it or order, or don't and let me eat all the naan.
We have ordered Rangoli as delivery a number of times and have not been disappointed. I'm a big fan of the sweet and spicy gobi, the garlic naan, the saag paneer and the tiki masala. The reasonable prices are what originally caught my fancy, but the food delivers and is better than some more expensive Indian restaurants in the area. My 4 star rating is based on delivery alone...but I plan to check out the restaurant soon, and based on some of the other reviews I've seen I may change this to a better rating yet!
My girlfriend and I were exploring the MET and searched Yelp for some Indian and found Rangoli - it was an excellent choice!The owner introduced himself to us and personally waited our table. When I had questions about the wine selection he gave me a personal tasting and his own recommendation. We had the Sweet & Spicy Gobi, Chicken Murgh Makhani, and Saag Paneer. All were excellent! Along with Michael's excellent service.I highly recommend this place, and I hope they continue to succeed despite the 2nd Ave construction.
AVOID THIS RESTAURANT AT ALL COSTS. The food was cold, poor flavored and completely OVER SPICED. On top of that parantha tasted like uncooked flour. The manager was INCREDIBLY RUDE and acted like he was doing me a favor by replacing a portion of my unedible food.
Holy shit I walked out feeling like a brand new woman lol great service and great food ! Can't complain!
I like my curry to be interesting and full of flavor with a spicy kick that hits like a freight train. I ordered the Dehli Rail curry "extra spicy" from this place, and got the blandest, flavorless extra mild curry I've ever had. This place is terrible. The garlic naah was completely bread and not even a hint of garlic flavor. If you like real Indian food, stay away from this place. I see lots of reviews on here talking about how good the service is, but there is no service in the world to make up for how terrible their food is.Update: I added 3 tablespoons of habanero hot sauce, which made it edible. but I wouldn't pay $5 to eat here again for this overprice slop
Great find for delicious Indian food! Michael the owner is a gracious host and our dinner hit all the right spots!!! The construction outside the restaurant made it difficult to find but was well worth the search!Thank you Yelp once again!!! Persevere and you will love the food!!!
Love this place.  Best Ras Malai in town.
Had lunch here. Food is very good but very small portions. I had lamb vindaloo with side (extra charge) of rice and was still quite hungry afterwards.  Good thing I got the rice.Service was good but impersonal.  Room is nice but nothing special.
This is my new fave Indian place in Manhattan. The vegetarian fare is way more complex than most, the spices more subtle. I also understand that the lamb was great too.Also, love the atmosphere - the light fixtures are really cool and the staff are super nice.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant. The food is fresh and delicious. The service there is excellent, very friendly and polite waiters. The background music is amazing, Classical Indian songs that gives the place that touch. I just love the place!
I've had a lot of Indian, but not recently. The chicken tikki marsala and veggie korma were perfect, even on a steamy Wednesday night in August. Both tasted very fresh and just enough heat. The garlic nana and samosa were also good, simple and what you expect, but good. Everything hit the spot and momentarily curved the Indian craving.The owner is adorable and introduced himself to each and every table.
Great food and great/friendly service. Samosas are delicious appetizer. Also recommend Murgh jalfrazie if you're in the mood for chicken/veggies/and spice as well as baigan bharta for a great vegetarian choice. Will definitely be back here again!
Fantastic food and very welcome atmosphere! Found this place through delivery and the food was so fresh! Came here for dinner and the lamb curry is delicious. Owner Michael is super friendly. Will definitely come back!
Great food, very fresh.  Interesting sauces and not oily.  Excellent service.  Superb sweet & spicy Gobi(cauliflower), railroad curry and baby eggplant dish were wonderful.  Even the bread was great and not oily!  Really GREAT place!
This place is a gem! The customer service is outstanding, the owner Michael really took care of me and my friend made sure we were both comfortable. We had the shrimp tikka masala, curry goat, basmati rice, veg biryani, garlic naan and a class of Cabernet, everything was cooked right and delicious.
Food is definitely good, although not as good as OM.What REALLY pisses me off, and will knock you down to two stars is this (and OM is guilty of the same thing): When each entree that you order is entitled to come with one each of mint chutney, tamarind sauce, raita, and mango chutney, yet you only pack one set of the aforementioned, you are really screwing over your delivery customers. How hard is it to ensure that each entree or combo comes with the corresponding condiments? This is New York Indian food after all - the condiments are half of the fun. If I order one entree, and it comes with them all, then another customer orders one entree yet they leave out his sauces and say "well the guy before you got his!" that would not fly at all. So how do you justify doing it when a customer orders TWO entrees? Unacceptable.
Awesome food with solid portions and very reasonable prices, and the staff is super friendly.You should go before others find out and it gets busy
I came here a couple of months ago, and had such a great experience I've been waiting to come back and dine there again. Finally got a chance to tonight, and the food was spot on, just like before! Between my boyfriend and myself, we ordered the samosa appetizer (comes with 2 samosas -- perfect for sharing), the Malai Kofta, Navratan Korma, plain naan, and a mango lassi. Everything was so fresh! The samosas had a great pastry crust that tasted like it was just cooked, and the spices and the tamarind and cilantro sauces were great! We also loved the mango lassi, which tasted like it was made from fresh mangos! Super creamy, but with great depth of flavor as well. And if you're a bit sensitive to spicy foods, it's great for cooling down your tongue with! As for the entrees, both were really well done! My boyfriend and I have been trying a lot of Indian restaurants lately, and we usually get similar dishes so we can compare them. This was definitely one of the best Malai Koftas I've had in the city, and definitely the best in the Upper East Side! The owner even told us that this dish is made to order, and not cooked beforehand because they taste fresher and better this way -- and I'm convinced! Highly recommend this dish! It's also not too spicy (and we didn't even need ask for it to be mild), and the curry for the dish is not too heavy. Some places add a lot of cream, which makes for very rich food. Rangoli's curries are on the lighter side, while still being creamy and flavorful. Their naan was also done right with the perfect light and fluffly texture, with air bubbles on the top of them. Portions here are generous, and neither my boyfriend nor I finished our entrees. Plus we wanted to save room for trying their rice pudding (my favorite part of any Indian meal). Their rice pudding, compared to the many others I've tried was the richest, creamiest one, and had a very well balanced sweet flavor. Super refreshing way to end the meal! For me, this was the perfect rice pudding -- from it's texture to its taste, it was the best I've tried thus far.  Overall, this is a great place to get some high quality Indian food! We came back for the food, but also for the great vibe of the place. It's a really warm and inviting restaurant that puts a lot of heart into their business! The waitstaff are really nice, and you can see the effort the owner and his staff put into making their food and their dining service excellent. The owner is super friendly and nice to talk to. He even remembered my boyfriend and I from the first time we went, even though it's been a while! The atmosphere in the restaurant is very peaceful and relaxing with the gentle music and dimmed lighting. This place is a gem hidden behind the 2nd Avenue construction. If you decide to seek out its treasure, it will be worth it! Best Indian food I've tried in the area, with wonderful service to boot! Please help this awesome small business (and your taste buds) by giving Rangoli a try!
This is one of the best places to order or dine in. The food is wonderful and so is the service. Their appetiser and entree combo is a great deal...usually with a few extra items thrown in. The owner is a great restaurateur and hope this restaurant continues to do well.
The food was really delicious, and the staff was on top of everything. Our food came out promptly and the owner himself stopped by to make sure we were having a nice dinner! Really nice people, it's a shame that there's construction out front - I think it hides the front door and people don't realize it's there. Definitely go there if you want good Indian food, a nice atmosphere, and an attentive staff group.
This is the best Indian food I have had in NYC. And I am quite familiar with Indian food, having lived in Little India in Toronto.  It was better than any place I tried in "Curry Hill" or the East Village. The food was spiced just right. This will be my go-to place for north Indian from now on. The atmosphere was quiet and relaxing, and the service was great.
I personally love Indian food. I order it fairly often and have tried many of the Indian restaurants on the Upper East Side and East Harlem. This is why I just can't rap my head around all this great reviews. Many of the reviewers have only 1 or 2 total reviews so I guess it's a little suspect.Worst delivery I've had with regard to Indian food maybe ever. Food was cold. Got the paneer tikka masala and the sauce tasted like canned tomato sauce. Spice was non-existent. Rice was stale.If you have other choices then use them. This place just isn't "exquisite".
Tried this place for the first time after my brother raved about their excellent take out. I went with high expectations and they were exceeded. Food is extremely flavorful- try the sweet and sour cauliflower! The service is great and the owner is extremely friendly. Bottom line if you live around here or in the area and want Indian food then this is a no brainer. Check it out!
We went with our party of six, including our 13 year old.  We knew we wanted Pankora as an appetizer, and the Raita as a side.  We ordered the Chicken Delhi Railroad Curry, and Michael suggested the Lamb Gosht Roganjosh, the Navrattan Korma Entree, and the Goan Salmon Curry Entree.  He brought two bowls of rice, and added that we could have as much more rice as we would like (we added another bowl at the back end of the meal). We ordered 2 Garlic Naan and 1 Plain Naan.  Absolutely the best Indian food we have ever eaten, and we have traveled to India and Sri Lanka.  Michael, the chef and owner, was incredibly hospitable, and again, the food was the best.  Very much coming back again.  Highly recommend!!!!!!!
The environment was quiet and very pleasant.The owner came to our table and introduced himself and he was also very pleasant and courteous, as were the rest of the staff!The food was amazing! And huge portions to bring home leftovers.The service was fast!Will definitely frequent this establishment!If you love Indian Cuisine, this is the right place to go!
Nicely refreshed compared to the previously drab Thai restaurant that occupied this location, eager service. More nuanced flavors than the usual Indian restaurant. Smaller than typical portions based on healthier portion size and higher quality ingredients. I was satisfied but not overstuffed - a welcome relief. If readers want them to stay in business better order frequently - they're invisible behind the business killing wall on second avenue.
Delicious food. Highly recommend Chana Shag and Vegetable meatballs. Everything was healthy, flavorful, and satisfying. Will definitely order again!
Nice place. Very clean. Was looking forward to it as the other reviews were great. However,  the Gosht Roganjosh was as watery as soup. Flavorful but way to watery.
The owner, Michael, was the best! He paid close attention to all of his guests and gave us first rate service! The food was amazing and the next time I'm here visiting, I will be sure to return!
Expensive but decent Murgh Tikka Masala.  The rest of the food was mediocre at best and again pricey. Salty as well
Not sure why this place is so highly rated. I went for lunch, ordered chicken saag with rice, my favorite dish. Rice tasted like it was a few days old and, and the saag was super salty. I had trouble finishing it, so much salt (or some other spice). Will probably not go back, although the 1/2 price lunch deal was tempting.
Absolutely wonderful, great, friendly service. The owner came and introduced himself and made sure that I enjoyed everything and was very accommodating and gave lots of personal attention. I recommend the sweet and spicy cauliflower as an appetizer and the chicken tiki masala was very tasty as well. I'm happy to show my friends this place...excited to eat through the menu!
Ummm it's fine. Maybe it's better at the restaurant but the delivery was barely okay. The sag paneer had next to no flavor. The naan was dry and tasted just like dough not the delicious flavor I am accustomed too. The navattan korma was alright. The one thing I really enjoyed was the vegetable samosas. But I wouldn't order any of these entrees again. All in all severely disappointed especially considering the raving reviews
Was walking by this place and stopped in on a whim. The vegetarian options are out of this world delicious. I will definitely be coming back. The veg korma in cream sauce was by far my favorite
I went here a few months ago with my husband. I ordered goat and he got something vegetarian. The food was wonderful and the service too. I appreciated they took caution in warning me that bones, as is tradition, would be in the goat curry. I already knew this but if I hadn't that would have been important to know. I really hope this little family business makes it! Please give them a try! They have been hidden behind construction most of the time they have existed (only a year now I think).
For a Sunday home delivery I wanted to try this new place around my neighborhood , I can't tolerate spicy food well and like to have indian but it is difficult to find a place that will take the spice level down I put it in my order comment through seamlessAnd the food arrived just right Hot fresh tasty and just awesome , now I am planning to go dine there
Beautiful handmade designed lamps are the first hint of the quality of Rangoli from the food to the service. The samosas were outstanding as was the curry and vindaloo. Truly one of the best restaurants we have had the pleasure to visit.
An excellent UES Indian restaurant.  Slightly on the pricey side but the food is fresh and well prepared.  I had the yellow dal, tandoori chicken and paratha.  The dal was tasty and thick with fresh spices, the chicken was tender and the paratha was also very good.
Excellent! The space is very cozy and that atmosphere is friendly and warm. The owner himself took our order and made sure everything was okay, and he was one of the kindest men I've ever met. My friend had a food allergy and he was very accommodating and reassuring. The food was excellent and reasonably priced. I'll definitely come back next time I'm on the UES and in the mood for some Indian food.
Really really good! Excellent food and service. Exceptional vegetarian menu- the Behl Puri appetizer was wonderful and very different. We had the Chana Saag, lamb curry, and very fresh naan and roti. We will be back!
Great food, great service, nice quiet location, and the owner always comes over to say hello. Perfect spot.
Great service. Food is always well prepared and timely. My favorite go-to lunch spot, especially because everything on the menu is half price during lunch. Good spot for vegans/vegetarians
I wish I could give them 6 stars!  I have tried many of their dishes and enjoyed each one immensely. So far, it's the best Indian I've had in NYC.
Very tasty food. Fantastic service and very pleasant restaurant with great atmosphere.
June 27:7:52pm: delivery.com Order Placed.  Email confirms order.8:58pm: First call, told that delivery was sent out, expect to come in 5-7 minutes9:18pm: Second call, told that order should arrive any minute, manager will call delivery man and call me back9:42pm: Third call, told that manager made a mistake, order was never received, offered to send food ASAP.  I decline.  My wife is 35 weeks pregnant and hungry so I get her pizza from across the street.  9:58pm: As there's only a few slices left, I call and ask for order to be sent.  Manager takes my name, address, and the original order.10:08pm: Manager calls me stating delivery man says he delivered food.  I explain this is clearly incorrect as I have not received any delivery.  Perhaps delivered to incorrect address.  I do not say anything about canceling the order.10:58: Fifth call, manager tells me I called to cancel the order and kitchen is closed.June 28: Owner, Michael, contacts me through Yelp.  Offers his apology and his cell number to contact him.  He is sincere and genuine on the phone and offers to make it right by contacting him directly for the next order.   My wife and I are out tonight, but perhaps another time.Updated review to follow.
I ordered through Seamless and their estimate was that the food would arrive in 45-55 minutes. When this estimate had passed, I began to try to call the restaurant. I tried a number of times and all I kept getting was a busy signal. I called Seamless and they told me that they had an alternate # for the restaurant and they would call and text me back with an estimate of my delivery time. I then called the restaurant and they finally answered. The gentleman who answered asked for my address and I was put on hold, while he checked the status of the delivery. He came back and told me that it's on its way and that I should receive it shortly. I told him that I was supposed to receive it 45 minutes ago and that I tried to call a number of times and I asked him why I kept getting a busy signal. He apologized, but offered a 10% discount for the next time I order. Now, why would I want to order from this place again and wait almost two hours for my meal to arrive? The food arrived almost immediately after I hung up. The delivery guy apologized, but didn't offer any explanation either, when I told him how long I was waiting. Seamless sent a text with the arrival time of two hours from the time that I ordered (it actually arrived about ten minutes earlier). Seamless also sent me a coupon. I haven't used them in awhile but, since I didn't receive an explanation, how do I know that they weren't involved in the delay as well? I'm not sure that I'll be in a rush to use that coupon.The food was fine. I ordered the Salmon Tikka Kebab and the Lamb Ghost Vindaloo. My review is based solely on the waiting time. Despite the offer of a 10% discount, I won't be ordering from Rangoli again. Who wants to wait two hours for their food, particularly when they had no explanation for the delay and I couldn't contact them?!!!
Hi,  Visiting NYC again for the 4th time and I wanted some Indian food.  I stumbled on this restaurant on my way home from the hospital.  I have been to many Indian restaurants in the bay area, but this one was very tasty.  The place was beautifully decorated and comfortable.  The service was excellent and the owner was very welcoming.  We ordered the Tandori Chicken, Onion Roti, Spinach and Chick Peas and the Lemon Rice.  All of the items very flavorful and not overly spicy.  I would highly recommend this place if you are UES of Manhattan.
This restaurant has earned every single star it's getting. I'm a fiend for spicy foods but went with a friend who doesn't tolerate spices at all. They had impeccable service, and the kitchen was able to accommodate both her request for a non-spicy vegetarian dish and my craving for an extra spicy lamb vindaloo. Our nann bread was a perfect texture of crunchy edges and soft but substantial center. This was some of the best Indian food I've ever had, and my friend, who generally doesn't like Indian said she was craving to go back.
THE LUNCH SPECIAL. That is what's up. This is the best price/quality deal on the UES. 50% off. It's unreal. The food is excellent, and is some of the better Indian food I have had. Their korma has pear in it, and dried fruit (I think), which gives it a nice fruity sweetness. I recommend it.It is unfortunately easy to miss, being completely blocked by 2 ave construction. Be sure to stop by.
The owner is incredibly nice and the food is delicious. The service is also wonderful I recommend the garlic naan (had to get a second order bc the first was so good), and the veggie samosas to start. The aloo gobi was perfect- my new favorite.
Was not impressed with the food -doesn't even deserve 1 star -very disappointed! I ordered the chicken Marsala tikka and not only were they skimpy on the pieces but it's was extremely spicy (first time I ever had it this way).  The basmati rice was hard and taste as though it has been sitting around since yesterday -tossed it. The garlic naan bread was the biggest disappointment since how can you go wrong with bread and garlic but they found a way :(I will never recommend or order for this place again unless new management!   This place is not worth the money or the effort.
This experience would have been much better if the customer service was adequate. The food is amazing so next time I will order out.
This is definitely my new go to Indian restaurant. I wouldn't have realized it was there behind the 2nd Ave subway construction, but I'm so glad my friend found it. All of my favorite traditional Indian dishes were done perfectly, the sweet and spicy gobi was amazing, and the chef and owner, Michael, welcomed us like old friends.
