Nothing great, it was just Okay! Dumplings had too many hard chucks of meat in them, and they ran out of Pork dumplings, REALLY?!
Excellent fried dumplings.  The dipping sauce cups are too small to fit the dumplings.   No bathroom.  Not much of a menu.  Just good decently priced hot fried dumplings.
Four BIG STARS!!! I used to work close by and ate here several times. Simple menu and amazing food. Dumplings pack with flavor and fresh ingredients. Service is always fast and friendly. No styro packaging, all green and did I forget to mention their selection of healthy beverages.Worthy of the trip from anywhere, as I love cheap quality dumplings almost as much as my family. This is the best dumpling house in NYC.
Super cheap dumplings, which is the biggest reason why we came here so often! Pro - meat dumplings are really tasty. Con - vegetable dumplings aren't. They're pretty bland and flavorless. Unfortunate for vegetarians like me :( But I still came here often because the price is so good!They also have good pancakes - I think the one we got was a scallion pancake or sesame pancake or something. We tried it with an egg once, and that was tasty.
Great dumplings,  just great.  $6 will fill you up. Love them. I tried the chicken and pork.  I will come back here. The spices are just right.
Wow. Cooked to order Nicely filled with pork and Chinese cabbage filled dumplings.  Very fresh tasting and made daily.  $3.49 for 10 pork and veggie dumpling!   Great deal. I'm a my fan.
I can't believe how low their prices are for food this good. I've seen generic Chinese takeout places that charge more for their dumplings.For 3.49, you can get 10 fried dumplings that are sure to fill you up. That's cheaper than McDonalds and at the McD, sometimes I still feel hungry after. And, the crowd and ambiance at Siz-in-Pan are so much nicer.Their tea drink (hot or cold) prices are reasonable considering they use the real stuff. I ordered the cold lemon grass tea (my father grows real lemon grass at our house in Asia) and was shocked but happy that they have it here at a reasonable price. This spares me from the trouble of buying it at the market and boiling and straining it. By the way, I ordered mine unsweetened and it was still so flavorful - I think they added other complementing herbs there for taste.As for the decor, I love their use of smooth pale wooden tables and benches against hip solid-colored walls. Also, the place was clean. It's small though but do you really need a big place for quick dumplings?The staff is friendly and helpful. The menu, easy to understand and well-edited. Just the right amount of things to choose from.Overall, I'll stop overpaying at McDonalds and eat cheaper and better at Siz-in-Pan. I can't believe I am saying that something is cheaper than McDonalds.
I showed up a little before closing on a quiet Saturday night. Ordered 10 pork dumplings, a fried red bean roll and plain iced black tea. Service was slow moving, but polite.The dumplings dough was a little too thick for my taste. But the red bean roll is SHEER genius. I may come back. It's cheap and one of the few in the area.
My consistent order for lunch here: 10 fried pork dumplings and a sweet bean spring roll.  For under $6 you'll be hard pressed finding better value in the area for what you get in terms of food quality and the amount of it.The dumplings are very well prepared and not too greasy.  There is a good bite to the firm dough which is just right in terms of thickness.  The ratio of meat to dough is excellent.  The chopped scallions which top the dumplings add nice appearance and complementary flavor.  The sauce they give on the side for the dumplings, despite adding good acidity can be a little off putting in terms of the scent due to the vinegar.The red bean spring roll has a unique sweet flavor to it and is very addictive.  They give two with each order.The place is very very well organized and kept, something you don't usually see at similar dumpling establishments.
Best fried pan Dumplings in Brooklyn. I recommend it if your in the downtown area. Very affordable and smoothies are pretty good too.
I often lament that I never get enough dumplings when I'm eating at a Chinese restaurant. But at Siz-In-Pan, you get to make an entire freaking meal out of dumplings. An entire meal! It's amazing.The proprietors clearly put a lot of care into their product. The dumplings come out hot, with just the right balance between soft and crispy. And the meat! I had pork but also sampled my friend's chicken, and both were juicy and delicious. It must be a family recipe, because dumplings just don't get much better.Add that to the incredibly satisfying homemade teas, the friendly prices, and the genuineness you can only get from a small business like this one, and you've got a winner.Siz-In-Pan, thank you so much for existing.
I love dumplings but I've had better. I'd recommend you stop in Trader Joe's and try their frozen dumplings to find out that they are superior to this joint!
Not the best priced or the best tasted, but I get my dumpling craving fixed when I needed to.  The place is clean and they don't cook them until your order.
The good: lots of food for the money. Ten dumplings (depending on type) will run you no more than $5 or so and you will be very full. The mediocre: the dumplings are very greasy and not particularly interesting flavor-wiseThe bad: nothing really
I love these dumplings! They're always hot and yummy. They're well seasoned and the portions are more than enough with a price you can't beat. The family/staff are always very polite. I prefer the pork. I'm not a fan of the sauces tho, good thing they don't drizzle it on. This place is it!
Very solid dumplings, but not worth a major detour.
Starving and riding round Brooklyn i pulled up Yelp to find something cheap to eat; Siz-in-Pan popped up with the single dolla sign symbol that all frugal yelpers look for when the pockets be tight. I'm wit it. decor is small, neat and clean. Walked to the counter, server was friendly. 10 pork dumplings for like $4 something... "Yeah lemme get those. I'll also have take two Red Bean Spring Rolls and a Ginger Apple Tea."The glutton in me easily smashed 9 back to back greasy fried pork dumplings before taking a minute to look at the 10th with regret. (saved and eaten later). good stuff. nothing special and nothing bad about the Red Bean Spring Rolls. ok stuff. Apple Ginger Tea, good stuff. good eats in good proportions for cheap. Siz-in-Pan ain't a bad option if you're hungry with only a 5 spot to your name.
Whenever I realize I have nothing to eat at home, this is my go to place. For less than 10 dollars you can get a very large meal or two meals out of this place. They make it right there and then so the dumplings are always fresh. If you can call ahead to pick them up, you don't have to awkwardly wait there because it is not the most friendly ambiance but I highly recommend this spot to anyone who is a big fan of dumplings. But Who DOESN'T like dumplings?!
Let's start with the food--My usual order consist of chicken and vegetab dumplings and I recently ventured away from the usual and tried their vegetable dumpling. The service is usually fast, never takes over 2 minutes to received an order of chicken dumplings because pork and chicken is their most popular dishes. However, the veggies took between 5-7 mins.I appreciate their scallion pancakes that they're have listed as their breakfast item, you can even add egg and ham for $1 extra or .50cents for each addition.Take home message: While they have a few options for dumplings, it is best to stick with the usual such as chicken or pork. The veggie dumpling that I paid extra for was highly disappointing, each dumpling skin was falling apart and sticking to each other even though it took a while to prepare.They have an extensive drink menu with smoothies and tea, with pre brew the. I high recommend the apple and ginger one -- very refreshing and good for the throat.But otherwise, stick to the chicken or poor dumplings to avoid the risk of disappointment.
It was okay, better than the thick dough ones from the regular Chinese restaurants but still around the same ball park. It is very cheap but I guess you get what you pay for. I may try it again idk.
Funny story. I walk in and the store is empty. I ordered 10 beef dumplings, spring rolls and a scallion pancake. The girl tells me 10 minutes for the beef dumplings. I say ok no problem. A guy comes in an orders 6 fried pork dumplings. He asks for them to be extra crispy,she replies we have soy sauce. He gives up. A few more people walk in as I wait and wait. Two guys who ordered dumplings fifteen minutes after me get their dumplings. Wow so I have to wait 20 minutes and this guy gets his beef dumplings in two minutes wow. Oh especially that he didn't order beef (they were mine ) and his friend ordered veg and got pork.  I wait some more as this idiot realizes everyone got the wrong dumplings and this is an unraveling disaster. She has no idea what to do. I see this just is never gonna happen and after waiting in the store for a half hour I asked for a refund and left   the store. No sorry or nothing just a blank stupid gaze wow. I have never seen such an idiot in action. Wow mind numbingly dump and they also have a C rating that I  didn't notice till on my way out. So maybe it was a blessing.
Love this place. The owner is so passionate about making dumplings healthier and good ingredients. The dumplings are delicious and not just filler at all just delicious pork beef or chicken.  I love the sweet red bean rolls and I highly recommend the lemon grass tea for drinks... So refreshing and perfect balance of sweetness!
I call in and pick up from this place almost every day lol dumplings are great.The waitress is a peach.The only cons are:1. Sometimes the dumnplings take up to 15 minutes when the place is empty2. The run out of scallions way too much for my liking.3. Depending on the day (or chef) the dumplings can taste different. I only get Veggie. Besides that ... I love em!
I had 10 piece pork and vegetable dumplings - juicy and just the right amount of fried crisp. Not greasy at all. Definitely go with the spicy dumpling sauce.Delicious and a great deal.  Also, the workers couldn't be more friendly.  Perfect place for a quick snack.
Simple options and very affordable prices. The only downside is that sometimes they take a really long time to make, but hopefully that indicates freshness. Even getting the 6-piece for less than 5 dollars is more than I can eat and I am always full after.
On my way home from an art exhibition opening at Grumpy Bert, this brightly lit shop was a beacon of warmth in the cold, rainy dark that is Livingston Street.  I popped in, noticing it was nearly closing time, but the cashier and cook both greeted me happily. We chatted in Mandarin-Chinese, and I selected the passion fruit iced tea half-sweet and a large order of pork dumplings.  At the cook's behest, I agreed to getting a mix of the handmade pork and chicken dumplings.  I'm so glad I did.  The spicy soy dipping sauce was lovely but unnecessary because the fillings were so flavorful if not a little on the salty side for my taste, but I have a low salt threshold, so don't take my word for it. They must have really like chatting with me because I ended up with a baker's dozen of tasty dumplings instead of the 10 that I had originally ordered.The passion fruit iced tea was summer blend of happiness, bright and sunny on the tongue.  Order it half-sweet.  It's just about perfect that way.
Simple little shop with good, cheap food. I ordered the 10 piece veg/pork for $3.80. Cooked perfectly with not too much oily taste and under 4 dollars! Impossible around the area (other than 2 bros pizza). Now the sad part of liking Chinese food and having a shellfish allergy at the same time, is the reaction. Typically, shirmp or sauce is added to dishes without regard. I did not ask if there is any on the dumplings. So far, no reaction but if this is my last review, you'll know what happened.
I ordered the beef and veg dumpling. They told me that would be a 10 min wait.  That wait is worth it.  It's fried fresh out of the pan. I put some sriracha and soy sauce on the side. For the sriracha I think they mix it up with water or something. I also got the apple ginger tea.  Hmmm so so for the tea. Will skip it next time.
Super cute dumpling shop in Downtown Brooklyn, or DoBro as I saw in another review lol.  I got a 10 piece chicken dumpling and a 10 piece pork dumpling.  I also had them throw in a scallion pancake.  I was somehow planning to eat all of this in one sitting by myself... until they came out.  Them dumplings were huge!  Or maybe I hadn't seen a dumpling in a while.  They were crispy, hot, and juicy!  Not very greasy, either.  The scallion pancake was not that impressive.  I was expecting it to be more of the Korean style pancake but this was like fried dough.  They use it to make breakfast sandwiches so that sounds more appetizing.  That's what I did with my leftovers.  Anyway, I ate four dumplings and was stuffed.The couple (?) working there are extremely nice and hospitable.  They let me eat there even after they closed and then bagged up my leftovers for me.I spent about $10 for the food I ordered including my Yelp check-in discount for 10% off dumplings.  Make sure y'all check-in!
Coming from a dumpling fiend, I can assure you that you would have a pretty hard time finding better dumplings than these. Authentic, tasty, flavorful, tender, juicy.... Simply delicious. I tried both the pork and chicken dumplings - both were amazing, although I must say pork was my favorite. Also tried both spring rolls - veggie was my favorite (not a big fan of the red bean). A very welcomed new addition to the neighborhood.
The food is cold, and I have to wait for a long time to get my order. The worst part was they massed up with my order, and the cashier clearly doesn't know how to count the money. I don't recommend this place to anyone.
My husband and I just discovered this authentic little dumpling place in DoBro.  Walking with our stroller, amidst the weaves and wig joints and fast food holes-in-the walls, shined this little gem.We are particularly choosy when it comes to food, especially Chinese food.  The dumplings are really authentic tasty -- natural flavors, not too much oil or MSG, and really juicy. We had the pork dumplings -- an A -- but the springs rolls were a B.  They also seem to serve breakfast.We will be back soon!  Highly recommend it.
This place has great prices and the food is also good. Nothing special but a good experience if you are hungry/ in a rush. Good service. I will be back
After seeing the glowing reviews for this dumpling spot, I was super excited to come check it out myself. Maybe I was expecting too much? I assumed the quality would be similar to Vanessa's, but the dumplings were a little bland and a little greasy for me.   My boyfriend did really enjoy them though. They were definitely hot and fresh, I just wish there was more flavor. The rolls were also okay. I probably liked the scallion pancake and my hot ginger apple tea the best. I do have to say that the price is incredible: we had 10 pork dumplings, two rolls, a scallion pancake, a water and a tea for around $10. For such a cheap meal, I was certainly happy and satisfied. Maybe this experience was a fluke? I'd come back and try it again.
The place seems clean. The food is ok, the pork dumplings were the best (tried pork, beef and vegetable ones). The service was slow and abrupt, after we inquired why the order took 14 minutes. A person who had ordered after us, was finished eating his ten piece order, before we got our take out. The question seemed to offend the lady taking the order. At home, five minutes later, the dumplings were sticking to the paper and ripped apart when trying to get them off. Two stars seem a fair evaluation.
I was super excited when I found out about a Chinese dumpling place around the corner from me (seriously how did I walk by this place so many times and not realize it was there), but I've been here twice thus far and remain overall unimpressed by the quality of the food.  Their scallion pancakes are pretty much deep-fried and the dumplings are hit or miss depending on how recently they came out of the fryer.  The fresh scallions served over top are a nice touch but everything is just a touch too greasy. They also keep weird hours.
I am a seasoned dumpling fan of all varieties. This is a sleeper hole in the wall. Place is tiny. They fry up the dumplings on the spot so it's a bit of a wait, but so worth it. The menu is minuscule but all you need to worry about are the Dumplings anyway. They are super yummy! Especially when you can eat in and they are crispy on the bottom. Prices are cheap. The drink selection is terrible though especially the powdered shakes (thus the lost star).
This place had 4 star quality when they first opened.  But, it's been on a steady decline.  The dumplings were overcooked and tasteless.  The skin was hard and thick.  My last 2 visits have been a disappointment.  On my previous visit last they had a B grade and on this recent visit they had a grade pending sign.  This usually means they have some violation and they've been given a warning to clean things up.  So, I guess I should have stayed away.
Hot and yummy fried dumplings. Super affordable. Nice dinning area. Definitely will come back again.
$4.19 for 6 dumplings and an order of two black bean rolls...and it tastes good too! Super bargin.
As a dumpling aficionado who regularly frequents dumpling spots and makes his own any home, Siz-In-Pan is the real deal. The dumplings here scream authenticity - the kind that you'd normally need to travel to Flushing for. It's a great lunch option if you're in the area.
There's 4 reviews on this panel that gave 2/3 stars. Your reviews are real & truthful.I will Title my review " A Greasy Hot Mess ".  On the evening of 9/24/14. I ordered dumplings 6 each of beef-vegetable & chicken -veggie, 2 vegetarian fried rolls. The bill was $10.43. The fried rolls were the best. A little greasy, the dumplings were ok. I say a little under cooked. To thoroughly review this place the next morning I wanted to try the pancake scallion sandwich with ham & egg. The egg was the only good thing. The pancake was extremely oily. The ham was spiced ham something I ate in the 80's. I now work a block away from this spot, the paper bag was loaded & soaked with grease. This breakfast sandwich upset my whole day & evening. Sticking to me like glue. Too Much Grease.. Also the cook is touching paper items then sticking his hands into mixing doe, while carrying dumplings in his bare hands & throwing them in the pan.  I will not be returning to this place. The smoothies cost more than the food.
The best dumplings in NYC are here in downtown Brooklyn! They are a million times tastier and fresher than the popular joints in NYC/Chinatown.
Dumplings are amazing!  It is magnificent to make traditional Chinese food so fashionable and beautiful.
Cute little family dumpling place near downtown Brooklyn. Since we were staying in the area, it was nice to have it accessible, and it delivered.  They don't try to do a lot, but what they do, they do well, and they're nice.  It's more of a quick bite than a real sit-down meal, though that's exactly what we were looking for.
VERY solid dumpling place. Tiny menu so dont expect a three course meal, but if ur craving dumplings this is the spot.  Thin dough, lots of meat and dont be put off by lack of dipping sauce their soy n siracha do the job just fine! Also tried the passion fruit iced tea (unsweetened) very refreshing esp after the spicy dumplings. Bòn apetit!
Cheap dumplings (very good) and spring rolls (okay). This place is what it is. Super, super cheap and quick food. Limited menu, so if you are going to go, be prepared for literally dumplings and spring rolls. I'll typically go there if I get Thai or Chinese from somewhere else and it is on my way back.
Great Option for health Dumplings. Quick service.
High quality dumplings, clean, and fast. I've been coming here more often because the dumplings are better than the typical hole-in-the-wall dumplings you get elsewhere. This place actually seems to uphold standards of cleanliness. Presentation is good; the dumplings come in a little basket with chives on top. Siracha (sp?) is not watered down.
I am here at least once a week.  The dumplings are just that good.  The are huge, juicy, full of pork, and just plain good.   Make sure you get the spicy sauce.
Wow!! Just tried this place & I'm in . Great prices, refreshing taste & pleasant service. It's nice to find a Chinese restaurant that serves great & healthy tasting food with good customer service. My Fav- 10pc Pork dumpling & red bean roll (dessert)
Ordered the pork pan-fried dumplings, vegetarian fried rolls, scallion pancakes, and passion iced tea - besides the scallion pancakes being a little too fluffy, everything was on point. Only thing better than their food was the adorable cashier who was more than attentive to everyone in the seating area.
Very good, the pan fried dumplings are light and delicate, it is very clean. Staff is friendly and helpful.  Price is rite.
it avoids 1 star since it's cheap but the dumplings aren't very good. They're edible but cheap is really the only thing going for them. Decor is nice for a hole in the wall but workers are kind of rude, especially counter guy when i went.
Dumplings are amazing! Scallion pancake and fried rolls are too bready. But their tea is freshly made and unreal delicious. Had pomegranate tea and couldn't stop talking about it.
This place really is a rare find. The only thing better than their food is their service. We had the pork and veggie and beef and veggie dumplings, which were amazingly juicy and flavorful. We also had the veggie and red bean rolls. The veggie roll was crispy and full of flavor and the red bean roll was a great semi sweet way to finish the meal. They also have a great selection of hot and iced teas which are all natural. It's refreshing and healthy!! A must go!!
Crispy and juicy, these are some of the best dumplings I've had in New York, at at a great price to boot.
Great light inexpensive try the spicy sauce with the dumplings and great information about their own food they know what they put in it even my teenage brother liked it
The best pot stickers in Brooklyn for sure!  I spent six years in China so I know dumplings. These guys don't cut corners, really big "jiaozis" that are super tasty.  The kids love them and the prices are very reasonable so I'll keep going with the family whenever we get the craving!
As soon as I discovered this place I was hooked. I go at least twice a week to get my work lunch. I have to say that I am not a fan of beef dumplings. They are a little too meaty for my taste with not enough vegetables inside. I am, however, very impressed with chicken and vegetable dumplings. Very juicy, flavorful and not oily at all. I only wish they added seafood dumplings and some soup to the menu to add variety and just because that's how I love my dumplings!Great prices and friendly service as well.
good dumplings at a good price...I can't help but think Chinatown like everything else is gonna move to the BK... wow imagine paying like 2 million dollars for a studio and having to chose between Pret Manger and Starbucks. Major suckage.
Delicious and fresh!  Also very inexpensive.  I ordered the pork/veggie and the veggie pan fried dumplings.  They were making them fresh in the back.  I am excited to find a place that actually makes their own dumplings fresh.  Restaurant was clean and I will definitely be back!
I live down the block from this place. I have been going since day 1 I love the dumplings here! They taste amazing and I tell and bring my friends. It's such a good deal for such great quality freshness. I really love it and the teas are really good. I love the lemongrass hot. Pork and chicken is my fav. The red bean rolls are surprisingly good. Can't wait till they add more! I will keep going for more!
we are on the way to Barclay Center for Nets game and we found this place just 2 mins away from arena! the food is so delicious and the price is unbelievable cheap! 10 pcs of dumplings only $3.49!!! no more $8 hot dog in the center, you can have enough here before go to the game!
