The  chicken korma I ordered  came out of the kitchen spicy. The restaurant happily remade it. Best chicken korma I ever had. Prices are very reasonable for UES.
This is my second time Here, the is just delicious The service is implacable... highly recommend
I guess this is what they mean when they say home away from home. Had the lunch buffet and packed some food for dinner and I couldn't get enough. The Punjabi chole was pitch perfect and an extra star to the excellent chicken tikka masala -- but the star of the menu has to be the mango mousse - I still dream about it sometimes. I'm going to dig in to the sev puri next time!! The hosts are the owners and are extremely hospitable. The service is as hot as the naan! I live in Brooklyn but am more than happy to zip across time for a quick bite. Or two. It's never enough :)
Amazing food and even better service! The owner personally attended to us and the Chicken Korma was out of this world! We will definitely be coming back as regulars!Cute intimate space, perfect for date night or out with a close group of friends.
Buffet lunch at papadam is delicious and fresh. The food was cooked and spiced very well. Will definitely come back in the future
Came here last Saturday early in the evening and was, for lack of better words, pleasantly surprised. Initially the restaurant was completely empty, but tables filled up quite quickly with mostly people who seemed to be regulars.The atmosphere was nice, both in decor (which I wish I remembered better) and noise level. The music was traditional and unobtrusively quiet. Even with the restaurant being ~80% full, it was quiet enough that I was able to speak with my friend without raising my voice much. In my book, that's a rare pleasure and deserves mention.Me and my friend had a veggie samosa each and then shared a chicken keema and a chicken korma together. The samosa was piping hot and pleasantly spiced. Both dishes were mildly spiced (as expected), with no particular spice being overwhelming. The staff seemed to be generally very accommodating, so perhaps they might go out of their way to make dishes more/less spicy depending on one's expressed desires.Unfortunately, we found about halfway through our meal that we had less time than we initially budgeted (our own fault), so we had the finish the food fairly hastily and scamper off shortly thereafter. I was a bit annoyed that this was the case and, In retrospect, it would've been absolutely delightful to have been able to finish our meal peacefully and possibly even investigate the desert menu.Admittedly, the one qualm I have is that the food was a little pricey compared to what I've been used to with Indian food. So, expect that a nice meal will be ~$25-$30 per person without drinks and more with them. However, the quality scales well with the price.With all of the above in mind, I was debating between four and five stars, but I intend to frequent Papadam again in the future and find it hard to imagine that I'll be disappointed. In the meantime, I think it deserves five stars.
I ordered Dum Pukht Gosht Biryani, all i could taste in the rice was turmeric, it was definitely not worth the price, biryani costed me $16.95 and one of the worst biryani i ever tasted. I am not happy customer at all, never gonna order biryani from this place again.
The food is soo great as well as the service. I would definitely come again!
I'm not always the most adventurous when it comes to cuisines synonymous with "spicy foods" but I'm trying to expand my UES delivery repertoire. There aren't too many choices apart from diner or "fancy french place". But Papadam is really top notch Indian food.Maybe half a dozen times we have ordered different things here, but the quality, packaging up (nary a spill), and the delivery guy is like the happiest person who has just walked up five flights that I have ever seen. Always a smile.The naan is unbelievable, just chewy goodness. It is not cheap or else I would buy like 5 serving of it and make lunches from it... But it is so so good.I've loved the meat (tried lamb and chicken) from the clay oven. It is moist and seasoned completely. So delicious. But to get some sauciness to soak up with my beloved naan, I've been working my way through their other menu sections. For my fellow spice wusses, the  Methi Murgh Malai is a delicious chicken in sauce made with fenugreek (new to me!) herbs. Hard to describe, but they are a touch sweet, aromatic and have an umami-type flavour. Has a slight kick, but you're not going to find too much spice-free. ;) Same with the tikka masala, absolutely delicious, slight kick, but a spice weenie could handle it. And honestly, that's why you also get a mango lassi, because A. it's delicious and B. you need something to balance the spice.
Fantastic Indian food. The owner of Papadam takes great pride in his restaurant and the quality, fresh food they serve. High recommend!
Really outstanding Indian food. Best I've had in New York. Asked for "medium-hot" spice and it was perfect. Nice selection of vegetarian items. Definitely return
I just love this place. The service is always welcoming and warm, the food is always fresh and good.Lunch buffet is a great deal. The aloo gobi and chicken tikka masala are very good here. The naan bread also seems super fresh. Nice vibes, would come back here for dinner and drinks with friends based on the ambience. Clean and modern.
I just had terrific food from here. I picked a spinach and a fresh shrimp and rice for delivery and it was irresistible. I have enough for 3 or 4People! Good value. Delicious.
This is the best Indian food I've had in NYC! Not only is the staff super friendly and helpful, the food is delicious. I usually stick to my regular favorites like Chicken Korma or Lamb Tikka Masala, however, over time I've branched out based on the host's suggestions and I've enjoyed it a lot! Each dish is made to order, which is great since not only is it fresh, they can also accommodate someone like me who has dietary restrictions and food allergies :)
Just went for lunch buffet. This isn't really Indian food. All they had was chicken 3 different ways and not one of them was spicy. Actually nothing was spicy. Avoid this place unless you want non Indian food.
Papadam is truly an experience- brisk management, clean fresh plates, great deal on lunch buffet, delicious food, and my personal favorite; mango mousse. Relaxing atmosphere, perfect for light conversation and even a solitary lunch. Eye-catching artwork and winning smiles kept me more than content here.
Just dinner at Papadam and ate in; usually we order delivery.  Consistently delicious. Had lamb chops,  tried chicken chettinad (with wonderful fragrant fresh curry leaves) for the furst time.  I used to order butter chicken all the time which is rich and delicious,  but I think I have a new favorite.   Also recommend the shrimp Malabar, wonderful coconut and lime.   It was outstanding and I didn't think we would get through it all and would have left overs,  but we just ate it all up.  Great to have such good Indian food on the US. Last Indian food I had that was this good was in the UK.
The lunch buffet is a good deal, but I would not recommend going there for dinner. I paid over $17 for a smallish chicken tikka masala, no naan included. The food was alright but not worth the money in my opinion.
I thought I would try this place again tonight to give it a second chance... I wish I hadn't. Watery bland curry with no flavor. Tasted NOTHING like a proper vindaloo! Sag aloo was just gross. I'm spoiled with Indian food as I'm from England, but this was so disappointing. And so expensive!!! 70 dollars for 2 people for bad take out. 2 stars for being clean and fast. I'm still on my search for good Indian in NYC!
I randomly walked into this place and was surprised at the quality of service. Reminded me of a friendly family restaurant, with the owner ensuring your food was at he best state. A nice neighborhood version of Indian food I'll keep coming to. I found the food quality to be food too, not upscale but clean and well done.
I went to Papadam for the lunch buffet. I usually don't go to a restaurant's buffet if I have never been to the place for a proper meal but I was jonesing for some Indian food so Papadam became the exception to that rule.And what an exception! There were over 10 dishes from which to choose including salads and deserts and naan. I thought all of the (vegetarian) dishes I tried were excellent (although the saag paneer could've used a bit more cheese). And the naan was crispy, doughy and delicious. I will definitely give this place another shot - both buffet and takeout (the latter which must be out of this world based on the tastes in the buffet)!2017 Update: haven't been in a while but went for dinner with a friend. Still worth it! The garlic naan is too much.
I believe this place is a hidden gem. There are many underwhelming Indian buffets throughout NYC but Papadam is the best I've found. The staff are incredibly welcoming and the food is consistently very good. I've had better Indian food but not offered in a buffet and for just $12. They offer a large selection and include a generous serving of naan with each buffet.
The food quality was decent overall. A typical lunch buffet that one would expect. Ala carte was fine too.
I swear they put love in their food. Most authentic Indian food I've had. The owner has been here both times we've eaten here. We came in towards the end of the night both times and never felt rushed. They made us feel welcome. They treated us like family. Lots of regulars, some who they know by name. I plan to become one of those regulars. *Mulligatawny Soup 5 stars *Shrimp Nilgiri Korma 5 stars *Bhindi do Pyaza 5 stars * Veg Samosa 5 stars Their Naan was also perfect.
Greatest experience and nicest people that I ever experienced in a Indian restaurant. I had the lunch buffet and the chicken tikka masala was the bestDefinitely recommend to come visit! Don't forget to try their freshly made Naan!!
First of all the lady owner is so rude.  She didn't realize I know Hindi and she was constantly speaking down and yelling at her staff in front of the patrons.  The servers are really nice people and work really hard, but she has no appreciation for them.Second, there was plastic - yes burnt plastic in our Roti and when we called her back to complain, she yelled at us for not bringing the Roti back at 1130pm at night when our kids are sleeping and I can't just leave the house.  She was furious and didn't even apologize.  No we didn't eat the Roti and yes she should at least apologize.The staff is nice and food is good.  Due to the owner's behavior I will be dining other places.
I ordered Saturday lunch through Seamless.  Not sure whose fault this is , but the expected pick up time came back as an hour after my order went through.  After 30 min or so I called to ask about my order (since we were starving)  and to my surprise it was ready 20 min ago...so naturally the food was cold by the time I picked it up.  Food itself was good, on par with any Indian places I've been to but it's a bit pricey.  I would order again when I have cravings for curry dishes but will probably call in for the order.
We were celebrating friends 25th wedding anniversary and we were a large group of 25. Right from the appetizers to the dessert this restaurant vowed us! Never having eaten here before we were somewhat skeptical but we were going for a show in the neighborhood so opted to dine here.Ajay and Kalpana , the owners were very accommodating and gracious. The presentation of the food, service, etc. could not be better. Our evening was memorable because of this!
Good neighborhood place.  Next time will ask to be served other parts instead of two drumsticks out of three pieces of chicken
If you find yourself in NYC and have time to get up to the Upper East Side and fancy some top quality food at out of town prices, Papada should be your choice. The signature starter of potato & spinach on a bed of chick peas was, and I do not say this lightly, a perfect mix of herbs and spices that lingers for a while, so leave yourself a little while before your entree. The entrees that follow are as good as anything I've had in India. The food is Michelin standard, the service is excellent. The chef has a future at the higher ends of cuisine. Do yourself a favour, get here soon before you find yourself waiting months for a reservation. This is the proverbial New York hidden gem.
An unassuming jewel on the upper east side.  For an outstanding homemade Indian meal this find is one of the best. Run by a husband and wife team, you can always be sure to be greeted warmly. Make sure to try the fried cauliflower appetizer - it's fantastic!
Always worth the trip!!  The food is the BEST.  We live in midtown but when we have a hankering for Indian, Papadam here we come!!!
Ordered the chicken and vegetarian lunch specials. Both portion size of the protein and taste left a lot to be desired. Too sweet for my tase, won't ordered again.
Broad menu with many vegetarian dishes, meat dishes, and types of bread. Pleasant decor. When we were seated we were given water and papadam with three yummy sauces. I ordered garlic naan and cheese filled naan to share. The cheese one was delicious, but the garlic was a little too garlicky for my taste. For my entree I had baby eggplant in a sesame coconut sauce...I forget the name of it. It was sweet but not overly so. The dishes came with rice.  My mango lassi was very tasty and refreshing. After dinner, I was surprised with a free dessert for my birthday, served to a happy birthday song playing on the sound system. Next we ordered dessert. The mango mousse was lovely--a dense mousse and prettily decorated.The service was very attentive and friendly throughout the meal. However, one person of my party didn't receive her entree until we were eating dessert. Very strange...everything else was so great that I am assuming that this was an unusual occurrence.I would definitely return here if I were looking for an Indian dinner in the area.
My favorite indian food in the area. I only order the vegetarian stuff here. Tastes like a grandma made in her own kitchen. Coconut curry eggplant is bomb! If you ask for any of the meat entrees they will make it for you with veggies instead. Like there tikka masala veg style. Naan bread with paneer is great with the mint sauce. Wish they gave larger containers of the sauces bc its never enough. Their potato samosas are so delish and not oily like others I have had. Its best for takeout because the restaurant is small. My go to for ordering in Indian food!!
My husband organized a birthday party for me here, and it was great. We had a big, boisterous group, and it's a pretty small space, but they were very accommodating and gracious. All the food was fantastic - at least, my food was fantastic, and I didn't hear any complaints - and they brought out a chocolate cake for me after the meal, even though chocolate cake is not (I think) on their menu. Also, everyone in the restaurant sang happy birthday with my friends, so that was very cool, too. All-in-all, it was a great place to have a big group come and get a great meal, but it's small and intimate enough that it would be a great place to have a 1-on-1 dinner. The staff is friendly, the food is good... I'll be coming back!
Best Indian food on the upper east side and the owners are very sweet people. Get the rosemary naan!
We came to Papadam after reading all the stellar reviews on Yelp, and they did not disappoint! The service here is AMAZING. The restaurant is run by a nice man and his wife. The food was delicious- definitely try the chicken marinated in coriander and mint (it comes as a fluorescent green bbq chicken). I regret not taking a picture. The mango lassi is also delicious. I will definitely be back to try the rest of their menu!
I've been here several times over the years but haven't been for awhile so I decided to rush over to catch the lunch buffet which ends at 3.  I arrived about 2:35.As I slid the metal covers up to view  the offerings, I remembered why it's been awhile...most were near empty!  Chicken tikka masala with lots of sauce but you have to search for chicken.  How about saag paneer without the paneer?  After you alert them, it seems like they throw together a small portion, and deposit that in the serving dish.  It's very annoying and has happened every time I've eaten here.  That's not to say that the food is bad because it's not.  It's average.  They usually had a spicy cabbage dish which was delicious.  The tandoori chicken was pretty good also.  But if you go for the buffet, just know that it's like pulling teeth if you want to sample all the dishes.
I took both lunch buffet and lunch box, I have to say everything is perfect, generous size and decent food and service. My husband is from the same place as owner, this is the only Indian restaurant in UES he likes.
I travel from Upper West-side to the East-side for GREAT food from Papadam. I am vegan  and I find the food to be EXCELLENT! When it's necessary and not impossible to be done, the chef adjusts his recipe to accommodate my dietary needs. Most times I take out but on occasion I stay and eat. I always enjoy the food whether I eat in or take out. I find the dishes are always equally authentic and carefully prepared. The staff is amiable and everyone seems to take pride in the service that is offered. I Would definitely recommend other people to dine and enjoy Papadam!
I don't normally wright reviews but this Indian food was no good me being  Indian and spent plenty of time there I no good food even if it was ok I wood not do this but but it was flavorless and the rice was under cook I wood normally just fill up and go but I thought I should let you no.  Look for  a different Indian restaurant don't wast your time .
Came here with the bf on a sleepy Tuesday night, but everything was top notch. Prompt, well timed, and we very much enjoyed our dinner. Tandoori mushroom appetizer was incredible--will be dreaming about that for the rest of the week.   Palak paneer was very flavorable, as was the Goan fish curry...yum.Highly recommend. We also enjoyed a great wine from the Finger Lakes...a nice compliment. We'll be back.
Solid Indian food in the UES. Good service and haven't had a bad experience here (dining in or having it delivered). Love their eggplant dish.
Terrible food quality! I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and half of my chicken tasted like it had been sitting around for a couple of days and had been reheated before serving it to me. The other half of the chicken was edible but was very dry and overcooked. Not to mention the amount of rice that came with the meal was pathetic and not nearly enough.There are a ton of other good quality Indian restaurants in the upper east side. Go to them; do not go here!
The Food is excellent.  I was in there when these people below say that ate a "stone".  It was not a stone, it was a sprout that didnt fully develop.  She was extremely rude to the owner and refused to pay for the dinner.  The husband was even trying to fight her about paying because because he knew she was over reacting.  in my opinion, it was a shameful way to get a free meal.  she is also lying when she said she couldnt eat anymore because she kept stuffing her face.  I eat here every Saturday and i have to say that the owners cannot be any nicer.  It is a pleasant atmosphere and great food.
I ordered chicken tikka Marsala it had no flavor and the meat was tough, veg samosa was just whipped potatoes. Not worth the $$$ there is better
Fantastic, Im new to this cuisine and was anxious to try.  The owners a wonderful couple (Kalpana and AJ) sensed I was unsure what to order so they gave me a few traditional choices and a new item they will soon have on the menu. The chicken was excellent and the new item Lobster tikimasala was amazing.  I like that the food was not overly spiced so I wanst scared off of trying things.. Wonderful gracious host
Took my daughter here for her first experience with Indian food.  The owner was extremely helpful helping her find something to try.  Service and food were exceptional.  We look forward to going back.
Was quite disappointed with the food - very bland for an Indian place. On top of that, the service was slow and unfriendly. Doubt if we will visit again. The management needs to be more involved and show that they care for the customers.
Overall, I had a pretty "meh" experience at Papadam. The food was meh, the service was meh, everything was just meh. I used to live in Murray Hill (aka Curry Hill) so that might be the basis for my judgment of this place. I'm honestly just used to better Indian food! The buffet selection was pretty limited here, and while the food looked to be freshly prepared, I just didn't find any of the dishes as flavorful as I'm accustomed to. Waiters didn't take my old plate when I got up for a new one, even though the place is tiny and we were the only party in there for a good half hour. Take the extra 15 minutes and trek down to Murray Hill instead.
Celebrated a birthday here tonight and the food was tasty and delicious.  They were very accommodating as we were a group of 15 people.  As soon as we were seated we were served water and papadam.  Then we asked for recommendations and were introduced to a variety of dishes ranging from lamb to chicken to seafood.  This was my first time having authentic Indian food and it won't be the last.  They surprised my friend with a dessert for her birthday, which was very sweet of them.  Service was great and they were very attentive.  Highly recommended.
Was trying out different options for Indian food in Upper East Side. Finally found this place around the same time last year and been a regular since then. Food quality and taste have always been the same. My personal favorites are Butter Naan with Dum Aloo Benarasi and Paneer Chettinad. Owners are polite and friendly, ambiance is great too. I would definitely recommend this place for someone who wants to try good Indian food at a reasonable price.
We found Papadam on Yelp and chose it for the high ratings - we were not disappointed!  We ordered the trio of kebabs for starters, and they were delicious - the chicken was quite tender and very tasty, and it was good to get a taste of the three different tikkas they do.  For mains, we had chicken vindaloo and lamb tikka masala, and both were excellent.  The vindaloo was not over spiced, but had a good kick with a great balance between the heat of the chilis and the sourness of the vinegar.  The lamb was very tender, and the masala sauce was just the way I like it - not too runny and not too creamy.  Both the meat and the sauce were delicious by themselves, and worked very well together.  We ate all of the first serving of rice, but they were quick to offer us some more.  We were both happy, and we'll be back to try some other items on the menu.
This is my favorite place to eat at on the UES. The lunch buffet is an awesome deal for slightly more than 10 bucks. Nearly every dish at the buffet is something I'd eat, so I really feel it is a great value. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. Any time I have people from out of town I try to take them to this place. If you enjoy indian,  check this place out.
Really delicious food, and lovely service. Went here for the first time tonight and am happy to have found a good local!We had the lamb korma, palak paneer, and chicken tikka masala (which apparently they are known for). Highly recommend all dishes. Serving sizes were fairly modest but really all you would need.
I just love this place. Food is consistently great no matter what I order. This visit we shared chicken Hariyali Murgh Tikka which is a cilantro and mint marinated chicken (super yum!), saag paneer, raita, and a garlic nan.  Service is attentive in the restaurant, and their delivery is fast. And of course they bring you a wee basket of papadam yay!
Food is average at best. But it's good if you want a quick fix for Indian food. The owner/manager is rude and would benefit from customer service training.
Food is tasty. Delivery is good. Eat in was odd... Staff seemed a bit untrained:_ Server touched food that shifted a bit w/his bare hand    while placing plate onto table. Was a [dry] samosa, but still._ Service was a bit slow, even though there were only 3-4 tables.food:_ COCONUT RICE is tasty, but a bit oily_ ZAFRANI MURGH KORMA (creamy chicken) tastes good._ BINDI-DO-PYAZA (okra) is good, thought a bit oily.Would order delivery or take out again.
Excellent food quality! Excellent service! Excellent hospitality! Excellent variety!The lunch buffet is excellent offering wide variety of food dishes and that too hot and fresh.The breads and curries were freshly made and refilled in the buffet session unlike other restaurants.I took my spouse and cousins to the restaurant and everyone extremely liked the food and the staff and owners were very nice and hospitable.I must say that Papadam is truly a great restaurant when it comes to great Indian food,service,hospitality and service all together.I would highly recommend the restaurant for anyone wanting to have good Indian food in NYC.
I love this place. I always get takeout here and while it's on the pricier side it's consistently good Indian food. They have a nice lunch buffet too.
Excellent Indian food and wonderful service! The owner made great recommendations and everything was superb. I had Tandoori Chicken and it was very moist and flavorful. At other places it can be dried out. My wife had Chicken Korma and it too was very flavorful. The Naan is to die for!
Wow- the food isn't as bad as reviewed here. It was pretty decent- not this gets a 3 star because it's just not the best or close to being the best I've had, and I love Indian food. My bf bought a LivingSocial deal for a pre-fixe menu here. It wasn't really pre fixe but you can just order what you want off the menu: 1 app, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts (or is it 2 app? We never found out.- more on this later).  We made a reservation to get here at 8pm on a Thurs night. Hardly anyone was in the restaurant but the decor is actually better nice.. with chandelier lighting, and a full bar. Granted, the space is pretty small. Service was really nice, prompt with water and polite. Presentation is nice.  We ordered: 1) Apps- the veggie samosas, and the crispy cauliflower florets (something Gobi). One server told us our deal included 2, the other said just 1. So we told them just the samosas, and we still got the cauliflower and was charged later.  Oh well- bf really enjoyed this was whatevs.  The samosa was a bit bland, and not as spicy as I've had it but it wasn't too overfried and greasy, a plus. There were 2 and medium in size. The side salad (of shaved carrots, daikon, that kind of thing) had a weird mustard on it. The cauliflower was fried in a shell of spicy, tangy, tomato-y sauce. This is going to sound really weird but it tasted like the shell of General Tso's chicken. Bf liked this a lot- it was definitely different and good but not so wow-ee for me. 2) Mains. We both ordered from the Clay oven (tandoori). I got the Tandoori Murg india's classic tandoor chicken marinated in yoghurt, fresh lemon juice & garam masala, grilled in a clay oven- this was a little dry.. just a little. There wasn't a lot of the creamy yogurt taste I was looking for. It was bit sour- but not bad. You get the breast and dark meat. Bf got: Gharwali Chicken Tikka chicken tenders marinated in red chili, fresh lime juice, coriander skewered oven a slow fire. Not sure if you really get the chili taste. But the lime is there. These were plumply grilled and there wasn't too many of them-- just 5 or so. Bf said he would have been still hungry had it not been for the entire meal. I agree- usually Indian makes you feel so full and sick to your tummy but this was just the right amount of food. 3) Dessert. This was the best part! Both the dessert we got were awesome. Bf got the kheer- had this traditional Indian rice pudding tons of time. It wasn't too rice-y, more of the liquid sweet soup but was done nicely with a nutty flavor. It wasn't too sweet either.  I got the first option- the cottage cheese balls, which had a really fun texture, squishy and sweet. They were little portions with that came on nice plates with a side of berry sauce that was too sweet for me. Would I come back? Ehhh. The deal was nice. The dessert was the best but for the rest- try to go to Curry HiIl. Prices are the normal $10-15 range; I think the total pre deal was some $60 or so.
Lunch buffet is simple and delicious.
Overall just fantastic. Tremendous quality Indian cuisine. It's a quaint little spot tucked away in the upper east side. I came for lunch. The food was great, the price was right, and the staff is very friendly. The boss even comes out to make sure everyone is enjoying themselves. I'd take a picture of my food but I wolfed it down. That's a compliment if I've ever seen one lol
Great food and great service. Compared to other Indian restaurants they have   Certain dishes unique, also the taste is surprisingly different for normal/common dishes. We tried Baigan, Paneer Chettinad, both Veg and excellent. We liked the dessert as well, not too sweet but good. They don't have too many seats, so either book in advance or do take out.
Hands down best place to eat Indian food on Upper east side. Try to eat it there because Indian food delivered does not do justice to its cuisine.
Small, cute place. The food was pretty good but not amazing. Definitely middle of the road prices. Waited a long time for the food and then no one came by to ask ab dessert, just the check.
Papadam is fantastic, proving you don't need to go to Curry Hill, Curry Row, or Jackson Heights to get great Indian food. Everything is spiced perfectly and tastes great, and not only that, but they offer a lunch buffet every day of the week. There's really nothing more I could ask of the place. They do get a little crowded sometimes; you might have to wait for a seat on occasion. But it's worth it. I mean, people wait at The Olive Garden...at least you get good food at Papadam. :-D out of :-D
Wow what a gem!  We were searching for a while online for an Indian Restaurant and were so happy we chose this one!!!  The staff was amazingly friendly and helpful.  They were respectful and had a smile on their face welcoming us as we walked in.  The restaurant is nicely decorated and the food was excellent.  They were extremely happy we decided to eat at their restaurant and were even more excited when we told them it was our first time! We got a lamb dish, a vegetarian dish and some delicious Garlic Naan.  They even served the rice to us on our plate individually and dished out the first serving of food on our plate as well which was extremely thoughtful.  The service was excellent and the price was very reasonable for the food.They were supposed to close at 10 but people kept coming in so they seemed to stay open a bit later.  I hear they have an amazing lunch buffet as well-we were there for dinner.  The menu is diverse, my only complaint is the place is fairly tight and you hear everyone else's convos's, not much privacy since it is pretty small.
FINALLY a GOOD Indian place on the UES. I've ordered in from here 7-8 times at this point. The food is fresh and tasty. They are very stingy with their rice, but hey what are you going to do? The Garlic naan and aloo paratha are great! Delivery takes a half hour on the dot, and the prices are very reasonable, considering the location and the quality. The portions of entrees are pretty generous, and the owner and his wife (Kalpana) are very nice! Definitely give this place a try!
First time here, but it definitely won't be my last.  You are so graciously served by Ajay and the rest of the staff here.  The food is delicious with excellent flavors and moist and plentiful!  I'm not sure what a previous reviewer expected in November, and think she either does not know Indian, or something.  Food quality was great, and the service was kind, personal and genteel.  For doing the right thing, I felt compelled to write a review of this really great, local place for Indian on the East Side, for Karma if you will, but I hate to give away the secret of this neighborhood gem!
Fantastic Indian food. We let the owner select everything for us and were very impressed with the taste and quality. Highly recommended!
I've only been here once, but I will definitely be back!  I came here with my brother, sister-in-law, and 1-year-old niece for the lunch buffet.  We were a little nervous about taking the 1-year-old to an Indian buffet but she loves Indian food, so we thought we'd try it out.  The owners LOVED my niece.  They were the nicest people I've ever met and even picked up my niece and helped her make a plate and let her play with them.  It was the sweetest, nicest thing!  For the service alone, this is one of my most favorite places on the UES. Besides that, the food is absolutely scrumptious!  The lunch buffet is ~$10 for over a dozen courses, and the food is all very well done.  The chicken tikka masala was super delicious, tender, and perfectly cooked.  There was a fresh sprout salad made from sprouts that the restaurant owners sprouted themselves!  They served tons of freshly baked naan bread and even had both gulab juman AND rice pudding for dessert.  This place is A-OK in my book, and we will definitely be back!
I would like to give them more stars because they took me a few minutes after 3 for lunch buffet. Food was good not great. Nan was awesome. Saag paneer with corn and vegetables were fantastic. Tikka masala and chicken curry were both good.
Went last night for my birthday with a party of 15. My reservations were for 6:30pm, but we finished with our prior activities at 5:00pm. They were kind enough to seat us at 5:30pm, when we arrived, and let us wait until 6:30pm for the rest of our party.We asked for suggestions on what to order, and they gave great suggestions. Everything that was ordered was delicious! My favorite, which was also a suggestion from the waiter, was Zaffrani Murgh Korma.Service was on point, all of our food came out quick,, and they were very kind to all us. I'd definitely recommend Papadam to everyone!
A solid place for Indian food for lunch.Nan is fresh, soft, warm and compliments their food. There is not too much seating, but I have never had an issue getting a table when I visit. A good selection of entrees and appetizers. The Tandori chicken is moist and plump, but the chicken masala was too chunky.Nice and quiet if you want to have a conversation with a buddy. Friendly staff.
The $10 lunch buffet is awesome and has become my go to hangover food. They have a great variety, the desserts are really good and it's not the same dishes every weekend. I've gone for dinner and it's even better. Spicy actually means spicy, prices are reasonable and the service is great.
Not the best Indian food I've had but very tasty. +/- Chicken Tikka Masala was very tender and tasty but it was a little too spicy. My order came with a TON of sauce. Even after pouring it onto the rice and dipping my nan in it I had to dump a ton down the sink. I hate to complain about too much sauce but it made the delivery a little messy. +Delivery was quick+NAN!!! You're garlic nan stuffed with paneer made my day. Needless to say I nomed all of that nan. I look forward to dining in here.
I love Papadam and try to get here with my boyfriend as many Saturday's as possible! Indian is my favorite kind of food and they have the best nan bread I've ever had anywhere. It's so buttery and soft and you could tell how freshly made it is. I've never ordered any dish I didn't love and crave all week until the next chance I could visit. Service is good, pricing is fair-especially for the area. P.S. They have a buffet on Saturdays 12-3 (not sure if on Sunday's too)
Got the lunch special for delivery. Food came in about average time, 30 minutes or so. Wasn't quick, but also wasnt super long. Food was actually pretty good. On par with most indian places. Nothing extraordinary.
I would give this place 3 stars for food and 4 stars for service, so maybe 3.5 total.The place itself is slightly small. It's basically one row of tables and on the otherside is the buffet. The lunch buffet is $10.95 per person which isn't bad at all. My favorite was the tandoori chicken and the chicken tikka. The tandoori chicken (drumstick) was quite moist and the chicken tikka was good as well. The buffet also had some desserts...a pudding of some sorts, a dish that looked and had the texture a bit like flan and some carrot dessert. I wasn't a fan of any of them except the flan like one. The one downside was flan is not sitting on the buffet table. They bring you a basket with 4 small pieces and you're welcome to ask for more, but since flan is my FAVORITE, I just wish it were more accessible so we wouldn't have to ask.Service was quite good for me. I got 3 plates in total. When I went to get my 2nd plate, by the time I got back to my seat the old plate was gone. I was going to use the same plate to get my 3rd helping (why waste a plate if the one I'm using is still pretty clean) but the woman insisted I get a clean fresh plate and took it from me. My water glass was constantly full even though I would periodically chug 90% of the glass (hey the food made me thirsty!)All in all not a bad place and something worth giving a try!
Ordered here through Grubhub. My food was on time and it was really good Indian food.
My fiancé and I ate here and this is a truly high class experience on every level! The owners are the most gracious and warm hosts and the service is impeccable.  The food is indescribably "bursting in your mouth with flavor" delicious!! :-D. Five star PLUS is my rating
I've only been here for the $10 dollar buffet but it was absolutely delicious. I literally tried every dish in the buffet because I was worried I'd miss out on something amazing. It's a great, quiet lunch option in the UES. There are never really many people there especially in the early afternoon so it's the perfect spot to bring a novel (or some work) and enjoy a great meal by the window.
Absolutely fantastic meal! The owner was so friendly and the service was great. Will definitely be going back to this neighborhood spot-hope that this hidden gem can survive the subway construction.
I didn't think the Upper East Side would have good Indian food, but thank god I tried this place. It's the best I've had in New York, maybe anywhere. It's also very reasonable and consistent. I've had the lunch buffet twice, and I ordered takeout for the first time tonight and was surprised at how generous the portions were. The woman that owns the place is also super nice. No reason to bother trying anywhere else. I should also mention they are very accommodating with spiciness levels.
Great, well worth the visit.  Mango Lassi, Mulligatawny Soup, Salmon Tikka.  Quite the well blending of Indian fare. Very pleasant and of course delicious!!!
We have ordered delivery from here twice so far.  Our usual Indian place went under a change of management...and we too had to make a management decision and never order from there again. So...we tried Papadam.  The food is great, it's relatively inexpensive (which is awesome because often the Indian places are SO overpriced), you're looking at about $5 for an appetizer and about $14 for a main course.  Recommend the the Chicken Tikka Masala, their dhal and Vegetable Samosas. We have found our new place, give it a shot Upper East Siders.
I have NO idea why there are bad reviews for the food here!  This is by far the best Indian restaurant in the neighboorhood.  I came here for dinner with my boyfriend (we LOVE Indian) and had the house vodka with papadam and beer (good deal!), the lamb chop masala, hariyali murgh tikka, and garlic naan.  The vodka was interesting - it had a nice blend of warm masala spice in it which I loved, the BF not so much (to be fair, only one of us loves shots).  The little papadam's that came with were delicious!  The lamb chop masala was TO DIE FOR - just go here and get 10 orders of it because it's amazing.  Normally when we share and the'res an uneven number the BF gets the bigger portion but I made him cut the last lamb chop in half and then continued to gnaw on all the bones.  The hariyali murgh tikka was so delicious and flavorful we ended up bringing the last tiny piece home because we couldn't bear to part with it.  The garlic naan was perfection.Aside from the wonderful food the service was great.  Sure the restaurant was empty when we came in but they were attentive without being overbearing.  I'm always freezing and we were across from the AC and the waiter turned it down for me.  The manager came by to check on the food and was just so friendly in a no pressure way.  This will 100% be our new Indian joint on the UES.
New York is full of good Indian food so my benchmark for 5 stars is very high.I had the chicken tikka masala (cliche I know, but after dozens of Indian meals its still my favorite). I've had it at many many Indian resteraunts. This was the best I've ever had. The flavor was out of this world. It came with really great naan. Good-but-not-great ice cream finished it off. I should have stuck with frozen yogurt down the block.Service was very good as well. Owner was there and was very friendly.
Delicious food! The server's recommendations were amazing! Very nice ambiance and staff. Loved it.
Went here for dinner tonight for the first time. What a great place!it is a small restaurant run by a very welcoming husband and wife.  All the food was great.  Mango scallops were the appetizer standout. Vindaloo and chicken tikka masala were great. Will definitely come back here and order delivery.  A real find!
WOW.....fantastic. Visiting from Dallas for marathon with friends and so glad we found this spot. Great food. We asked the chef to surprise us. Every dish was amazing. Thanks!
Excellent food. The Chana saag was out of this world. Light fluffy nan. I would make a pillow out of it and sleep on it if I could. I take one star away because the eggplant dish was a little on the sweet side and the place was a bit drafty. I normally like a cooler temp but their door just wouldn't close. Really great service. Very attentive and just kind people. Will be back, but next time in yoga pants, not jeans.
I loved it. Samosas were very good, and so were the chickpeas. I ate way too much. I highly recommend!
Papadam vindicates the mediocrity of the commonplace Indian restaurant. This place has integrity. Pride goes into performance here. I just wish our friends went beyond chicken tikka masala and had the pleasures beyond those of a tourist. Menus are for tourists. Tell the people what your taste buds like and let them do their job. You will learn one of the Empire cuisines. After all do you not live in the Empire State? You will love the lentils et all.
I came here with a large party last week, on the hunt for a good curry in Manhattan. My boyfriend and I are British so tend to be scathing of most indian restaurants outside of the UK, where curry has become a national dish. Papadums hit the spot - very tasty (traditional not Anglo Indian) and great service. We had some appetizers which aren't the standard, which was refreshing - spinach pancake on a bed of chickpeas, crispy cauliflower with a tomato relish. My main was a keralan curry which was tasty and we got a large amount of rice with each dish. Quite a few people mentioned after that they really enjoyed the pepper lamb too.The only reasons I'm giving 4 of the 5 stars is firstly because though the service was very good, it was a little too much at times and we would have liked to be left alone a bit. The other reason is the waiter warned me that the curry I'd chosen was medium spicy, and I explained that I like spicy food and would like it to be hot, but when it arrived the chilli was undetectable, which was disappointing. Nevertheless the dish was still very nice and it may be just my personal preference for spice.As an aside - it was raining like crazy and one of our guests arrived completely drenched, and the owners offered him a shirt to wear while they hung his up to dry. When we came to paying, they refused to take any money for the shirt and insisted he kept it! It was very sweet, and we left touched by their generosity.
Went to Papadam for dinner and it was great. The food was delicious and the service was excellent and personable. Highly recommend it!
This is it.  The best Indian in the neighborhood.  And if you've been here lately you know that Indian restaurants have been proliferating at a pretty fast clip, and most of them are pretty good.We went for dinner on a Friday night, having bought the Living Social prix fixe deal.  We did not necessarily expect much but we were blown away.First, the deal included one appetizer, two entrees, and two desserts.  The pleasant surprise here is that they don't nickel and dime you with exceptions and exclusions like so many other places do when you buy a deal. At Papadam, you could choose anything on the menu in those categories.  So many restaurants just don't seem to grasp how much goodwill they can create this way.  It was a classy touch at Papadam and it went a long way with us.Everything we had was incredibly delicious, subtly spiced and nicely presented.  We had Bhel Poori as our appetizer, Tandoori Mixed Grill and Lamb Palak Gosht as our entrees, and Gulab Jamun and Kheer for dessert.  The Tandoori Mixed Grill was so good that I made our very nice waiter tell me what each thing was:  Malabar shrimp, Haryali Murgh Tikka, Kashmiri Malai Kebab, Gharwali Chicken Tikka, Gelafi Seekh Kebab.  Each one better than the next. Awesome.Desserts were somewhat small but delicious and beautifully presented.  Gulab Jamun was the best I've had, served piping hot.Every staff member asked us how our food was. They were polite but unobtrusive.  Go to Papadam!
This is the perfect combination of wonderful food , friendly service and never being rushed .  I had an amazing chopped salad...... yes they will make you a chopped salad ! Tandoori chicken &  nan are so delicious.  I have been back with friends and  family now dozens of times and eaten my way thru most of the Papadam  menu. Do yourself a favor and eat at the UES gem!
Run out of food all the time and have to wait like beggars for a long time for something to be replenished, meanwhile something else runs out. Think they do it on purpose to stop people from eating as much. This attitude is good for the east where they come from, in New York, we shouldn't have to wait like this for a buffet
Best Indian in the city--period. This is a gem of a restuarant. Both vegetarians and non-vegetarians will be very happy here. The Jalfrezi-style seekh kababs are made per order and are crazy, crazy good. Lamb or chicken tandoori are masterful and truly mouthwatering. The light-as-a-cloud mango mousse for dessert is a must-have.This is not your run-of the-mill neighborhood Indian joint peddling a menu lineup of the usual criminal culinary suspects because what they do here at Papadam is closer to true Indian "cuisine" rather than cheap eats piled too high--get that idea in a big way. Papadam restaurant is also unlike, but better than, the high-minded old stalwarts of East 58th street and even less remotely like the latest wave of trendy "Curry Hill" Indian joints that line Lexington Avenue in the East 20's. And what of downtown's mostly East 6th street Desi offerings? Nope. Not an East Village hipster's chance we're goin' down there. With the exception of one newer eatery, the block should be ignored.Fellow foodies, i'm a Manhattan native with a deep appreciation for Indian/Desi food and have eaten in most of the restaurants in the city--Queens included, okay? I have also eaten my way across Asia too ; ) Papadam is the real deal.If a pound-for-pound restaurant award were given for best restaurant in the city then Papadam would be a clear contender. Within the most competitive restaurant scene in the world featuring multimillion-dollar budgets, astronomical rents, celebrity chefs, and hyper-cultivated foodies, the Papadam style in all its diminutive crystal-chandelier-meets-exposed-brick glory does something very few restaurants do anymore, which is to deliver an affordable dining experience worthy of true culinary praise with considerate, pitch-perfect service that is neither trendy nor aloof. These are beautifully rendered classics at Papadam not trendy, hyper-modern attempts for novelty's sake.Word.Make the journey to 75th street and First Avenue!
Solid place for a standard Indian lunch on the UES. It's buffet style, with food replenished frequently. Two good chicken dishes (and 8 other dishes), as much nan (good but not great) as you want, and you can eat as much as you crave. Dessert is also tasty. They has this cool dry-pudding, and a delicious mango type dessert. Good for your once-a-month Indian cravings.
This restaurant was a great surprise. Amazing staff and the food was delicious. The palak paneer is awesome and I love their deserts!
Looks like someone's reading their yelp reviews.  They've increased the price of the lunch buffet but the food has gotten better.  The chicken tikka masala is still a bit bland and it tastes like they use flour to thicken it but it's edible.
We are experienced with Indian cuisine over the past 35 years. We celebrated a birthday, choosing Papadam from its great reviews online.  We were delighted with the imaginative food and very attentive service. The owner helped us with our choices so that the tastes were complementary. Absolutely delicious and cannot wait to return.
The sag on buffet was unique and quite tasty with mushrooms and corn.  Desserts also good.   Flan and rice pudding.  Tandoori chicken also very good. 10.95 lunch great value.
I love this place. Delivery food is consistently good, portions are decent, and I even enjoyed the buffet the one time I actually visited the restaurant. I normally am anti- buffets, but everything was replenished quickly and was pretty high quality. Plus the staff is super friendly and I saw the hostess/owner be extraordinarily kind to some very nit picky/crazy customers. Props!
Great customer service and delicious itly sambar!!! The owner always smiles and is lovely!
Papadam has a modest appearance and decor that hustles you into being more than pleasantly surprised by the food. Once I was seated, I was promptly served with the restaurant's namesake: papadam, along with three different chutneys/dips. The restaurant defaulted a little by serving one spoon to use with three chutneys, compromising on the integrity of the taste of each. Nonetheless, they tasted great. I ordered the paneer stuffed naan with the lamb pepper fry gravy. While the naan came very close to hitting the sweet spot (the texture could use some improvement), the lamb was cooked just right. However, the yardstick to be used while judging most Indian meat dishes is less the meat itself and more the gravy, and how well the flavor of the meat is absorbed in the gravy. In this respect, Papadam's lamb pepper fry scored the jackpot. The flavor was unique enough to convince me that it was not something that was uniformly used for most of the meat dishes (a classic Indian cuisine mistake made by Aangan), and yet traditional enough to remind me of home. The mango lassi was good, although watered down a tiny but for my taste. The only real disappointment was the rice, but it can be easily overlooked in light of everything else that was served. Papadam exemplified honest and earnest Indian cooking, something hard to come by in New York. I will be visiting again to try the others on the menu, and you should too.
First off, I have to say some of the other reviews on here are super sketchy. I've been a yelp-user for many, many years and the sketchiness of the reviews for this restaurant in my 'hood finally prompted me to start writing my own reviews. I would consider myself a good critic of indian food - I've traveled in India, I learned how to cook from my Indian friends' moms, and I've eaten at probably hundreds of Indian restaurants around the country.  That said, I'm soooooo happy this place opened up just blocks from my apartment.  While it isn't the best in NYC, it is amazing for the UES!The breads, rice, and the dishes are always delish. I love the variety of their menu, having some dishes from South India that I've never had in restaurants before, only at my friends' houses. Favorites include: Kerala Chettinad chicken (omg, sent me back to Kerala), Hyderabadi Baigan (though I would have liked a bit more eggplant), and their palak paneer, while not the best I've had, is pretty solid.  I can't wait to try more things on the menu! I usually only order veg, but the chicken dish I had last time was so delicious and tender, I am definitely going to try more of their meat dishes.My only complaint is that the portions are very small for the price. Lots of love to you Papadam!Sincerely,Your Indian-food-loving neighbor.
Delicious food and wonderful service. Small and intimate setting - a gem on the upper east side!
Easily my favorite Indian in the hood!  Besides being right around the corner from me, the owners are absolutely lovely and welcoming.  NOT TO MENTION THE FOOD!  Usually I order Chicken Tikka Masalam but I tell you, their Buttery Chicken has totally won me over.  The garlic naan is excellent (and I usually just like plain)... and the APPS!  Don't skip the apps!  Two thumbs up and one big toe!
Had some great takeout from here.  I like that the order comes with some of their namesake Papad bread and chutneys.  The Chicken Chettinad was delicious.
Ate here for the first time last night on the recommendation of friends. Fantastic, interesting food and very polite service. The manager said they try to offer more interesting variations on some of the typical Indian dishes you see in most restaurants. We asked for 2 appetizers and 2 entrees of his choice and he brought us some really cool stuff. My favorites were an appetizer that was some sort of spinach and potato patty served over chickpeas and the lamb Rogan Josh entrée. One of the best parts of the appetizer was the chickpeas...they were super soft inside and kind of crunchy outside...awesome! I also had the Mango cocktail, which was great. Must come back!
We've come here twice - both times for their lunch buffet.  Previous review covers initial visit (everything OK); this review comments only on second when we did not eat.  My significant other underwent recent surgery who could not sit at their 2 person tables.  We headed straight for their one 3 person table (their largest) and was brusquely told they saved that table for parties of 3 and we had to sit at the tables for 2.  "Brusquely" because I had to get out of the way (narrow one person lane) so the waiter/host could rush ahead to tell my other not to sit at the "large" (by about a square foot?) table.   We explained why we could not sit at the small tables and that made him look even more annoyed.  He did not relent and we left.   There were about 6 or 7 small tables, about half occupied.  There was no reason why 2 small tables could not have been pushed together if a larger party did show.  Based on their purported policy, once the table for 3 is occupied, all larger parties would have to wait for that one table.   My parents owned a restaurant; we always accommodated a customer who was there and would never turn anyone away for a potential customer who may never appear.  It's just bad business.  Worse, we couldn't help but think management simply did not want anyone disabled (even temporarily) in their establishment; it was hard for us to imagine any other basis for such a lame excuse.  This restaurant should definitely be listed as non-accessible.
This little, family owned, Indian restaurant is fantastic! The prices are good, the service is top-notch (the owners are so down to earth and friendly), and the food is excellent.
I would give this place a six stars. Firstly, I have been here multiple times, and in the process have ordered pretty much their entire vegetarian menu at some point in time. I need to say that all the food items are very delicious and that topped with the warm welcome and personal touch given by Kalpana and Ajay makes every experience a rememberable one. I would strongly recommend this place to all the Indian Food enthusiasts.
Great food, very hospitable and attentive service. The place is owned by a congenial Indian couple who really makes it their personal goal to make sure every restaurant visitor leaves satisfied. This place sealed the deal with the main things I look for in quality restaurants: delicious food, clean establishment and attentive service. Great deal for the food, and comparable (maybe even better) than what I've eaten in New Delhi.
Ran across positive Yelp reviews for Papadam on the UES and immediately became interested  cause the UES is such a food wasteland these days. My visit was very welcoming with the owner greeting us personally. The Papadum  was crisp and fresh.The accompanying three chutneys were very flavorful and tangy , though a tad skimpy for a party of three . Thumbs up for the Chicken Tikka Masala which came in a delicious ly condimented sauce with a  Basmati rice provided . The Masala Dosa was accompanied with a cup of  well seasoned sambar and coconut chutney but no rice .The Dosa was perfectly made . The service here was on the money with every glass filled with water right away and every request promptly honored . The place , though small, is very clean and  tastefully decorated without going over the top with Indian artifacts and knicknacks. The white tablecloth and cloth napkins were an added touch of class . Did not try any wines , but i'm told they have  a sufficient selection to satisfy the usual UES taste profiles.Papadam , at first blush , appears to me to be the best Indian restaurant on the UES, and believe me ; I've lived here for years.However, because nobody's  perfect , there are always helpful suggestions to be made.The entrees could do with a side order of a vegetable such as  dal or spinach, in order to balance off the protein . We tried the garlic Nan, which was well flavored but a bit limp. It could have been a bit crispier for my taste. It tended to be  small  and thin as well, compared to the customary  .The food offerings at Papadam are well condimented and delicious , but something was missing. That something is the  piquant overlay which one expects from Indian Sub-Continent Cuisine. I realize that to  convert exotic foods to American tastes often means toning down the spiciness .  I, personally , like the after taste and zing that spiciness leaves in the palate . Perhaps Papadam could find a way to offer added "heat"  on request for those who relish this .Please Papadam?
The food was amazing!! We had the tandoori chicken and the kingfisher beer and it was all very very tasty. The owners are super lovely and always cheerful. We will definitely be back!
I have ordered delivery and eat in. There is a BIG difference in quality between both. Delivery (about 5 times) is still good, but you can feel that it was done in a hurry with not so much care. Whereas the 4 times I've eaten in, the food was EXCELLENT! I would say this is the best Indian restaurant in the UES. The price is very very reasonable for the quality and quantity. The bread basket was excellent. My several vegetarian dishes were very authentic and not heavy at all. The spice level was perfect and I have nothing but praises for the food. My friend ordered lamb and he raved about how succulent it was and bursting with flavor. If you do not know much about Indian food, ask the owner there. He will recommend the food and you will be thankful.The service was outstanding and you can really feel as if you are royalty.I would highly recommend this place. The only reason why I removed a star is due to the difference in quality between delivery and eat in.
I will say one thing. This is the VERY BEST INDIAN you will get on the UES. I've lived here 17 yrs, and have eaten at almost every Indian restaurant and this is the absolute BEST. I am a really into good  Indian food, and this husband/wife team are not only the sweetest people on the planet, they are hilarious. My buzzer is broken and he offered to come fix it!  I have ordered here 3 times this week alone. They have so many unique traditional dishes for you explorers and the classic Chicken Tikka or Tandoori for classic. I recommend literally anything. It's that good!! I usually get an appetizer, a main, and dessert. I don't work for them, but they are so nice i HAD to write this review...Trust me, tear up all your Indian menus, put this on speedial, and enjoy the best homemade Indian ever. All I ask in return is a note to let me know how much you enjoyed it. One note. You will get rice, but it's not a huge bowl, just perfect for the main. If you love rice, order an extra. Enjoy!!
This place is pretty good! I got delivery so I can't say much about the actual restaurant. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala.
I absolutely love this place. The decor is great and the bathroom is top notch. The waiters were very professional. The owners spoke to us several times, they were very friendly. They even told us how to reheat our take home items. The food is amazing. My friend and I had the spinach cake- absolutely amazing!!! We also had scallops, stir fried shrimp and the shrimp masala. Everything was good. For desert we had the mango ginger mouse and the ice cream. I cannot say anything else except, I had a great dining experience. Don't believe the negative remarks- that person needs to check their palate. I will definitely visit again soon.
I must say, I am a big Indian food lover and was really excited to check out this place. However, I was positively shocked at the poor quality of the entrees. To start, my mother and I ordered the mango scallops for the appetizer, which were nice. The mango lassis we ordered were quite delicious as well.However, the entrees were hands down the worst Indian entrees either one of us had ever had. My mom had the Jumbo Prawns (for $17.95, quite expensive), and when she was served there were just four dry, overly spiced shrimp (of medium size, not jumbo) with a tiny serving of rice. It seemed much more like an appetizer than a meal, and was so spiced that you could not taste the shrimp at all.The most disappointing of all was my tandoor murg, a chicken dish cooked in a "special clay oven" and marinated in yogurt and herbs. I am fairly easy to please when it comes to Indian chicken dishes, but my eyes went wide when I saw my plate... two tiny (and I mean TINY) pieces of chicken leg, completely dry, on a plate, with a small serving of rice. I can honestly say that I got two solid bites of chicken from that entire entree (which was $14.95). Major, major disappointment. The upsides of this place were the staff (very cordial) and the desserts (the Indian rice pudding and Indian ice cream were great). But, wow, those entrees were fairly inexcusable. I'm hoping we just ordered the wrong mains, and that other selections on the menu are much better.
Great service.  Nice people.  Even though we had a living social coupon they they didn't give us any subprime service or rush the food.  5 stars on the service but the food was simply 3 stars.  Chicken adraki was good.  My wife had the lamb chops but she wasn't impressed.  Deserts were decent, nice presentation.  I think there are too many Indian restaurants in new york.  On a relative basis can't give the food any more than a 3.  I think if you are a white (sorry for the bluntness) American Average spice Indian food eater, you will be fine.  Btw, we didn't like the fact that they were setting up the buffet tables for the next day while we were eating.  Decor was 'cute' (in my wife's opinion)
I am not an expert when it comes to Indian cuisine, but I definitely know when I eat something good.  The food was delicious, the service was great, and the decor was very pleasant.  They had music playing but not so loud that you couldn't hold a conversation.  I highly recommend this place for that first date.  I'm afraid to give it 4 stars because this was my first time trying Indian food.  However, the owner was very helpful and pretty much picked out our food for us and he didn't pick the most expensive items on the menu that some people do when you ask them for assistance.  He just asked us if we like things mild, medium, or hot and then would give us choices depending on what type of meat we would like to have.  I am a fan of this place.
I really enjoy the lunchtime buffet with all the delicious options and high quality service. The place is a bit small so I would recommend  going in small groups or as a couple. Otherwise it gets a bit cramped. But despite small quarters this is some delicious high quality Indian fare. Highly recommend And the naan is incredibly light and buttery. Superb
This is my go-to delivery place for good Indian food. Coming from London and being of Asian background, I know what makes a good curry and this place stands out for the fresh spices and delicacy of flavour in their food. They have a wide menu and I couldn't recommend any one particular dish above another, because everything I've tried has been great. Highly recommended!
The buffet is an insanely good deal.  Food is delicious - service excellent.  I could eat their tandoori chicken for days.
This, by far, is one of best meals that I have had in an Indian Restaurant (outside India) coupled with great ambience and hospitality. I recommend Papadam to anyone who wants to relish real Indian food - the way it is cooked at homes in India!
The food here is pretty good but the service needs help. While the couple who owns it are nice, their customer service and efficiency are mediocre. The husband takes all the orders and is very pleasant. However, we waited 10 min to even get menus and about 30 min for our appetizers. When I asked if they were coming, the wife started to explain that what we ordered takes a long time - as if I should have known! No apology. Just defensiveness. She needs education in customer service. Smiling and blaming the customer is not it! But if you can look past all that, the food is decent. This Indian has had much better in the city in terms of food and service.
Nice cozy Indian place - restaurant in rectangular shape and has 2 narrow rows of tables. The staff is friendly and accommodating. We came here for dinner. For appetizers Coconut Soup and Sambar (Lentil) soup were pretty good and tasty - Sambar soup being more spicy. My dear wife had Nilgiri Korma (Lamb) and I had Paneer Chettinad (on the spicy side) both were equally tasty. The portion sizes were medium and sufficient.  Overall good experience.
Came on the living social deal and was very happy with the place. The service was great, the spinach chick pea cake appetizer (hari bari tikki) was really tasty, and the chicken dish Adrak kadai murgh was really good, the chicken was tender and the spices were unique. We also has the korma veg dish with almond curry sauce. The meal came with really fresh naan and rice, and our rice pudding dessert was excellent, the cardamom flavor really came thru. I would go back without another living social deal in the near future.
This isn't the best Indian food I've had, but I think it's a pretty solid place for the Upper East Side. I've eaten here a few times (all the times were for the lunch buffet). The interior is just a row of tables, but I like it. It's clean and for the price, the food is good. The naan they give you is really soft, warm and buttery. The chicken tikka is usually well done and the staff is really friendly. The only down side is that the restaurant gets really cold during the winter.
Next to work. Decent food. Had better Palak paneer. Good service Decent food. Decent buffet (not great!). Their Gajar ka Halwa feels like its out of a can. Will go back there. Yes. Will I be telling everyone I know about this place - Not really
Excellent! Excellent! Excellent!  We can't begin to explain how wonderful the food is including the creative presentation AND incredible combination of authentic herbs and spices. The traditional items such as the Lamb Masala is taken to a different level prepared exceptionally!  The traditional breads surpass any we have ever had.The place is very small and quaint and free of all of the overdone decor of what one might think of in the East Village style Indian restaurant, lovely!The drink menu is also creative  and reasonable with martinis starting at $6-7.We try to go at least once a month.
We have eaten at Papadam regularly since it opened.  The restaurant is extremly clean and the service is top notch.  We have tried many dishes - Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Chops, Okra, Soups, Samosa, Chicken app (3 types of kabobs with different flavors) Vindaloo, garlic nanI highly recommend this restaurant.
This is a really good, no, better than good, neighborhood restaurant.  We ordered take out and liked it so we decided to go there.  The host and hostess, clearly a husband and wife, are congenial and make dining there a pleasure. The food was fresh and excellent and the inexpensive meal makes this a great value.  So glad we went there.  It is just two blocks from home and now we will eat there a lot.
everything is so oily. oil inthe creamed spinach and corn, oil in the carrot dessert. and so NON-spicy! when i go to indian, i want to cry from the heat of the spice! i asked for spicy on the side, and nothing. either, the cuisine is from a region of india that is not big on spicy (and ill forgive if true) or food is way too americanized. i LOVE LOVE LOVE the indian rice pudding. love that it has cashwes, is sweet and creamy/milky and less rice than spanish rice pudding/ "arroz con leche". LOVE it! if you order an entree during lunch, and ask you aout naan- they will charge you separately for the naan. probably better off doing the lunch buffet.naan is fresh and ncie and warm tho. and the staff is quiet nice and attentive. dont sit close to doorway in winter- very cold.
Best indian in NYC!
Fantastic! Whoever said meh is a fool. The food is delectable, the service makes you feel like you are in fancy five star restaurant, because the staff waits on you in a professional manner. My gf and I live around the corner and had been going as far as 90's for Indian food we thought was better than in our area. We were wrong,for the past year and a half we had been walking by. The owners are personable, value your business. They have a lunch special that's great value as well. Slamming!
If you are looking for that cold Sunday night craving for extremely decent Indian food, this is your place.  The Masala was extremely good and the Zaffrani Murgh Korma (chicken with almonds and cashew sauce) was unique and something we would order again.  The prices are very reasonable and making it my 'local' Indian spot!
Just got back from eating dinner here and had an outstanding experience.  The service was impeccable, and the environment was so welcoming and friendly. The kashmiri kebab was the best chicken I've ever tasted and the shrimp malabar was delightfully sweet and light. Hands down the best Indian I've had in nyc! Going back soon to try their buffet.
Love them. I order them on Seamless all the time. Chicken Tikka Masala has such a nice flavor, and spicy when I request it - and the delivery is always super fast and hot! Not the cheapest Indian place in the neighborhood, but it's the best one so it's worth it.
I can't recommend Papadam highly enough. The food is exceptional - expertly prepared and totally delicious, especially the tandoori which was super tender and flavorful. I celebrated my birthday there with some friends and while the restaurant is small it felt more cozy than cramped. Plus the owners who run the place are very friendly and ensure terrific service. For me there's no better place to enjoy authentic, delicious Indian food. It feels like dining with family.  I hope Papdam remains a part of this neighborhood for many years to come. Go once and you'll definitely return.
Papadam is most definitely the best Indian food I've had on the Upper East Side! I also used to live in London and this food is comparable to the best places in the UK. I highly recommend stopping by and trying their delicious food. I loved the chicken dishes and their Sag Paneer was top notch. The staff was also extremely attentive which made the overall experience even better. Don't forget to try dessert!!! It was all delicious!
Perfect temperature.  Loved the fact that the air conditioning was on, and it was cool, so my appetite kicked in.  Lovely, professional service.  Good Indian white wine.  Loved the cauliflower appetizer and the spinach potato cake.  The eggplant was good.  Nice that it came with rice.  The rice pudding was a great end to a fine meal.  All in all, a great neighborhood spot.
Excellent food at very reasonable prices........Appetizers of Mango Scallops, Lassuni Gobi (crispy cauliflower) and the vegetable Samosa are a great start. Main-course staples like Chicken Tikka Masala and Gharwali Chicken Tikka are excellent! All around great food and in our neighborhood. Will definitely go back and bring friends too!
Cozy space, delicious food and very nice service.
