We came in when the restaurant was pretty much empty, which was a surprise considering how good the food was. The lunch special was great, $9.50 for curry and tea or coffee. The curry was great, very flavourful, I'll certainly be coming back.
Friendly staff, wonderful music, quick service, and most importantly, orgasmic Indian cuisine   Shukria Mumtaz!!!
The best Indian food in the city. I'm here at least once a week and the food and atmosphere never disappoint. Everyone who works there is so wonderful and kind. I love taking friends and family to enjoy this food as well. Nothing could keep me from going out to pick up my food, it's my favorite treat on a bad day.
Wonderful dinner my first night in NYC. Naan, Saab Paneer and Tandoori Chicken... all my favorites. Next time I will request a little more hot spice but the friend I was dining with does not like spicy food.  The service was very friendly as well.  I most certainly will return.
I have been here 3 times, and have always enjoyed the dining experience.  The restaurant is never overly crowded, and the staff is both friendly and attentive.All of the main entrees are very well prepared.  The meat is always tender and very flavorful.  Along with the different types of bread, rice, and sauces, the main components of an Indian meal are all done properly here. Some of the appetizers are decent, but come here for the entrees.After your meal, you also get offered a small glass of what I believe is wine and brandy.  Served hot, it is very sweet!
Was craving Indian food and it's one of the favorites of my NY family. I looked up a restaurant that would deliver Indian to our UES apartment and this had the best reviews. We usually get two main entrees. One is usually chicken tikka or makhni and the other something different to try. We got the tikka and beed korma. We also got two orders of naan and an order of chapati ( my fav). The order came with yellow daal as well. We got the plain basmati as opposed to the pilaf. The chicken tikka was decent. Not the best I have had. I would have liked more spice and more kick. The korma was better though and was our favorite. I would have also preferred a lock but I love spicy. We had enough to share between the three of us and then some. I loved the daal they included and ate it as a soup instead of dipping. Yummy. Overall I was pleased and would order again. I would definitely try again and try another dish to experiment. Oh and the delivery was prompt and on time. That I always appreciate.
I love this place. I have been getting takeout for over 2 years-- needless to say I'm officially a takeout regular. They always have my order ready in 15-20 minutes max. The place is adorable inside, and the staff is extremely nice. I've never stayed to eat at the restaurant but when I've been in to pick up my order, they've always offered me a special hot boozy beverage at the bar while they bag up my takeout order. I always order the same things-- so I can't speak for everything on the menu. But here is my usual: -Veggie samosa, which is light and flaky filled with peas and veggies. -Channa Masala on the spicy side (delicious in a great sauce). I'm addicted. It's amazing.-Chicken tikka masala, also in a yummy sauce with all the right spices.-Naan- always light and doughy- delicious!If you want your food spicy, just request it-- generally they ask you how spicy you'd like your food. I've experimented with mild to medium (medium has a nice manageable kick). And for those who want extra spicy-- just ask!
Ordered for delivery. The price is right, the service was speedy, and the food was delicious. Quantity was incredibly generous as well! I ordered an individual entree that could feed a family of 4. But was surprised by how inexpensive it was. Highly recommend!
Lunch specials are as cheap as eating out in Queens instead of the UWS. Staff is very friendly and accommodating. Food is good, and if you ask for it spicy, they'll make it spicy for you.
Bring on the lamb! You can see from my profile that I love lamb. It's my favorite food. So, Indian places are right up my alley, but I don't eat at them too much. Not sure why. This was a real treat! I had two lamb dishes and they were out of this world. One was a kind of spicy curry, which we mopped up, amazing. Hands down best Indian lamb dish I've. The next was pretty great too. Spinach with lamb, some kind of curry. Sorry I cannot remember the names. This one was great too! I very nice compliment to each other. I'm going back 1000%. So good. Writing this review is making me hungry! Mouth watering right now. Are you happy Yelp?I will say that the Chicken was a bit dry, still good though, so that is why I gave it a 5 instead of a 5 star. And I could be swayed into a 5. Maybe see how next trip goes. Garlic naan was a killer too. Killed it with the dishes. Killed it! Get it for sure.  Prices are not cheap, but not expensive. Pretty much what you should expect to find at an NYC Indian restaurant. So no qualms there. The service was pretty nice too. Lot's of wait staff who are willing to help. Plus, they gave us a little warm alcohol shot thing on the house to finish our meal. Perfect for that cold winter night!Tip: Great date venue!
Chicken def. tastes old, Chana is too sweet, there is zero cilantro or green mint chutney, probably no garam masala,red chili, and not enough garlic used in the food. The service however is excellent
I cannot believe that I've lived around the corner from this joint this whole time and only thought to order from them now! (Seems that Seamless failed me on this one.) Ordered a mango lassi and chicken tikka masala for pickup last night, and boy, was I  shocked at the quality of the food! I've had many an Indian dinner, and this one had to be one of the best. The chicken was tender, creamy, and fresh. The mango lassi was an awesome balance of sweet and tart. Meal came with a small cup of dahl and some condiments. Total came to ~$18 with the tax. So happy I decided to try Mumtaz and will not have to repeat the subpar Indian places in the area.
This place has best lamb biryani. Meat samosa are so good. My office love this place.
My boyfriend and I recently ordered from Mumtaz through delivery.com. We live about 10 blocks away and the food came within 30 minutes, which is acceptable since it was dinner time on a Friday. However, we had placed 2 orders and paid for two sides of naan. When I realized there was only one piece in the bag, I called the restaurant asking if they could issue a refund or deliver the other piece. When I explained the situation, the guy on the phone immediately became very rude and started accusing me of not placing my orders separately and that they were confused. However, I did not even have to give my address or order number and they clearly knew which order it was - this only leads me to assume that it was brought up and they tried to get away with sending only one. He went on and said how he was "confused" even though clearly two entrees and two sides were charged. The tone was condescending and it was an extremely unpleasant exchange. The naan did come, after about 20 more minutes. I just feel bad for the delivery guy who had to come here twice for somebody else's screw-up. The food was okay. I have had better. The naan, despite all the drama, was the better part of the meal. It was not Masala Times in Greenwich Village, but it was still good Indian food. I just still cannot get over the fact that this guy charged me for two sides of naan, and then blamed me for making it so "confusing" for them, and tried to tell me that I placed the order wrong. No, if you charged for two, then you know it was for two. Not a good way to run a business. Will never order from here again out of principle.
The Vegetable Korma was delicious. I'm a sucker for the onion chutney condiment and they gave me a great big bowl of it. The Poori was warm and delicious. I'll be back because everyone knows that Indian good is the food of the Gods. Decor is very important to me and I liked all of the red textures on the walls. Service was serviceable.
A modest environment with barely friendly staff. No Papadum to start.with. We asked for it after seeing it listed in the assorted appetizer plate. Papadum was good.Samosa's were okay, Chicken Tikka was questionable because of a creme base and coconut,  Pourri bread was pale and ordinary.  Don't understand the rave reviews.
Great restaurant.  We've been going here for a few years and have never been disappointed.  Staff is very friendly and accommodating.  The restaurant is clean with plenty of seating (mostly toward the back, although there are a couple of tables when you first enter).  Great selection of classic Indian favorites.  The sauces are amazing!  Very reasonably priced too.  Enjoy!
I've been eating here and going back to Third Ave location, maybe 20 years.  Gracious service and delicious food.
I was a fan of this place when they used to be located on Third Ave so I used to make delivery orders from them.  Now that they are only 2 short blocks away, I walk over there instead when I'm in the mood for Indian food and continue to be a fan.  Some people might think that their food is inauthentic (I'm unqualified to judge this since I am not Indian) but I like my Northern Indian food mild and creamy (and I specifically ask for it that way) when appropriate to the recipe, not so spicy that I'm too busy putting out the fire on my tongue to enjoy tasting the food.  And hailing from Singapore, I assure you I can survive quite a bit of spice.  If you want it super spicy because your taste buds are insensitive, you have but to ask--they are very accommodating that way.  Most of all, their quantities are always generous (there's never a sense that you have to whip out a magnifying glass) compared to some nearby Indian restaurants who shall remain ignominiously unnamed.  My favorites are always the Fried Shrimp, Murg Kaleji (sautéed chicken livers), Chicken Shahi Korma, Chicken Mushroom, Rogan Josh (lamb), Chicken Makhani (extra buttery by request), Mattar Paneer (cubed cottage cheese), Bhindhi Masala (okra) and their Mango Lassi (a mango-flavored yoghurt shake).  Occasionally, I'll go for their breads and of them all, I like their meat-stuffed Mughlai Paratha.   I'm not as thrilled with their Biryanis, though. Nor am I fond of any spinach dishes (Popeye, I'm not).  Neither do I care for the dal as I'm not particularly fond of lentils even if I'll eat them in a pinch.
Naan bread anyone?! I love that it's walking distance to get my curry fix. You can order out or dine in, either way the Indian cuisine is pretty decent. It may seem a little empty but I did go early. However delivery seemed pretty busy.
Compliments to the chef's the best indian restraunt in upper eastside samosas are the best
As an Indian American, thought this place was sub par at best. Samosas tasted like the frozen ones you get from the store. Biryani tasted like a bland Mexican dish. And the chai was literally not even chai - no milk or cardamom or nothing. Just basic black tea. For those with a strong desi palate, stay away. Garbage.
Another case where I wish there was a half star option. This place only gets a third star because the prices are lower than many of the overpriced neighboring Indian spots. The vindaloo had heat but was missing the harmony of spices that usually make the Goan dish sing. The samosas tasted like the freezer dried variety. The chana masala was ok but kind of bland. I did appreciate the complimentary soup. I guess if you want quality Indian for a fair price you have to stick to Jackson Heights or at least further downtown.
Violins on entering? How, why? Complimentary Papadum? No. Then, Spanish rice for the Biryani! Wow. And lord knows some sorta gravy slopped over Beef, two waiters and a busboy trying to keep up, capped with a complimentary unknown after-dinner anise-like liquor hot off the microwave. This was a confused meal, incredibly asymmetrical and out of sync with what constitutes yummy. Pass.
Been ordering here for a few years. Sadly has gone down hill. Sadly can not order from here again.....Guess I need to find a new UES Indian place.....
We ordered takeout on Sunday night from Mumtaz and it was delicious! I called the order in and the person on the other line was courteous and made ordering a breeze. I ordered the meat and veggie samosas, channa masala, lamb vindaloo (asked for it spicy), chicken tikka masala and a garlic naan. The food was great! The lamb was actually spicy (and tasted homemade), the channa was nice and tomato-ey and the samosas were delicious! They were flakier than your typical freezer samosas and thoroughly enjoyable. The chicken tikka wasn't what I expected - it was dry as opposed to the creamy gravy version. It was still delicious but I was disappointed bc I wanted gravy. Overall, it was all so yummy - definitely recommend the vindaloo and the samosas. It's not often that Indian delivery tastes real and is not too heavy. They also sent a cup of yellow dal on the side, which was a nice touch. Order the raita too - it has pieces of cucumber in it and is a perfect accompaniment to the spicy food. Also, delivery was super fast... I mean I was two blocks away but still. I'd definitely order from them again!
It is interesting to see that the so called "indian reviewers" below gave this place real bad reviews. I spend a lot of time finding good restaurants and being an Indian this is one of my best cuisines. Mumtaz used to be on 3rd av back in the day and now is on york ave on the upper east side, this place has only improved over time. Food here is excellent to say the least. If you are new to indian food you need to order chicken makhani (butter chicken), chicken tikka masala or aloo gobi, paneer saag or rogan gosh (lamb) you cannot go wrong with these dishes for a first timer, unless they completely mess it up. Muztaz gives a nice cup of yellow daal FREE with your meal unlike other indian restaurants. My Favorite:Chciken makhaniChicken Vindaloo (spicy, real spicy if you ask them to make it that way)Seekh Kabab (appetizer)Samosa (Appetizer)paratha/roti bread (this place offers the paratha bread which is like a chappati made real thin)This place is delicious, i am drooling writing this review now. I am going to sack it up and go all the way uptown now just to get my indian fix.
Lunch set is a value for price. Good food. Great daal.
Right around the corner from my place, great price, amazing service and awesome food! The look and feel of the place too is so authentic, yet home-like and romantic--what's not to like? I ordered the chicken tikka, which comes with rice and a gravy. Also ordered the cheese naan and a gulab jaman (sp?). All of thigh was fantastic! had a glass of wine and tea. All of which came out to under 45 bucks--love it! Highly recommend if you're in the area and like Indian. Will def be back and order take out.
Great News!  Mumtaz is open again!I ordered delivery during the hurricane and it was the same awesome food I remember!  I miss the third avenue location . . . but will walk to York for AMAZING Indian food!  Tip:  Try the Koorma!  YUM
I live a block away and noticed that a new restaurant replaced the Ethiopian Restaurant on York between 83 and 84th Streets. From afar, the red awning made it look like an Italian restaurant. When I saw that it was Indian restaurant, I was interested to try it. My friend is very familiar with Indian food and has enjoyed home cooked meals with Indian friends many times in the past. We ordered take out last night. It was delicious! The food was as good as homemade Indian food. We ordered Chicken Tikki Masala and Shrimp Vindaloo. They were delicious. The chana baja, naan and paratha were tasty as well. Needing mention is the way the food was delivered. The delivery man arrived in black tie on a 90 degree evening during heat wave 2011. He was very courteous and professional. Needless to say, we want to visit the restaurant and learn more about the history of Mumtaz. I will hold off on 5 star rating until that time. I doubt it will take too long...
I was excited to try this place given the reviews but was disappointed. The service was excellent but the food was not good - the chicken tasted like it was 1-2 days old, the naan didn't taste fresh.
Superb Indian food! Everything we ordered was great! Will definitely be back. Chicken tikka masala was amazing.
Food was ok. I don't think the main course was particularly flavorful. Had the mattar paneer and the chicken tikka masala. However the mulligatawny and lentils were good. Otherwise kinda bland.
I have been ordering from Mumtaz since 2004, when they were on Third Avenue. They closed for a short period of time and I was glad to see that they had reopened on York Ave. There's a reason I'm still ordering from Mumtaz after all these years. The owner and staff provide excellent service and the food is outstanding -- and consistently so. The delivery is always quick and very courteous (such a nice change from the don't-care-a-damn attitude that you often encounter in the city) and they also do a great job of catering to different palates (more/less spicy). Good portions too. Terrific value for money and great service. You can't go wrong with Mumtaz.
The food were petty good I have to say! I had beef curry and it was good. I just hope the beef can be more tender because it was kind try. The deliver did not take very long. It is a very good restaurant at upper east side
We found this place because it is right around the corner from us. One chicken biryani later and we became hooked!!! We usually get it delivered, and they are always courteous, always get the order right, and the food is amazing! I actually went in to pick up my order and the owner and people that work there were incredibly welcoming. They even made me a cordial to sit and enjoy on the house! We will DEFINITELY be frequenting Mumtaz in the future!
So I live REALLY close and was so excited to see there was a new Indian place in the neighborhood-it's been something I've wanted to try for awhile. Mumtaz was awesome, my boyfriend and I were amazed at how good everything was, especially since we were both a little iffy and had no idea what we even ordered. The family who owns it is very friendly and we ended up talking to them after for awhile-gave us complimentary dessert!I loved it so much I ended up going back the next day...fattty move, I know.
A lot of attention to detail in the food quality. Small and understated but clearly care about satisfying the customer. Could have easily been 50% more expensive for the quality. Had an array of items on the menu proving it wasn't a one-dish-wonder. Authentic surroundings and a genuine love of the craft of fine Indian cuisine. Kids were accommodated and got a little fresh treat on the house for their good behavior which was a charming touch. If you demand your food be really good right down to the ingredient, this is your place.
Take it from a Indian who knows Indian food.. This place is bad.. Have been here during different times of the day.. Wanted to give this place a chance as I live close by.. But its just so bad.. The food is terrible and the service is horrendous.
hooray....... out with the old and in with the new.  New owners have opened this Indian restaurant.  Very different ambiance and food.   I live in the hood and have dined here 5 times so far.  I don't like going back to the same place twice but the food and service are so fantastic that I opt in.  I have tried the butter chicken......yummmmm, lamb chops, fritters, all the nans, rice dishes and many more.  The food is cooked to order and while you wait for your entrées a complimentary class of wine, red or white of course, will be poured.  The manager and owner make sure you are well taken care of and pay special attention to your experience.  The service as well as the food is fantastic.  This one's a keeper.
What can I say? I expect nothing but great food and excellent service here... the owner treats my girlfriend Wiz and I like family...
Mumtaz is as wonderful as ever! They were on Third Ave but closed at that location quite a while ago. I am thrilled that they are back, now on York Ave. between 83 and 84 streets, and I can again have some of the best Pakistani/Indian food in NYC. Being a vegetarian I look for flavor and texture in a veggie meal. The vegetable samosa was excellent; flaky and flavorful with no excessive oiliness. Mumtaz makes  the best vegetable biryani I ever had. I trust their kitchen and know I won't find any stray pieces of chicken (or any other animal flesh) in my food which, I am sorry to say, has happened at some other places. Even the condiments are great! What a treat to have the complex, tangy spiciness of their tamarind sauce dancing on my tongue once again.My only suggestion to management would be to shift away from using Styrofoam containers for delivery items. It would be better for the health of customers and the environment.
To be honest, my decision to move where I did was partially based on the fact that I would have an Indian restaurant across the street! So far, I have been anything but disappointed. I have long had a passion for Indian food (and S.E.Asian culture in general) and Mumtaz has got to be the best North Indian food I have had in the city thus far. Every time I go, I am greeted warmly by the owner. I usually go for the $9.50 lunch curry special. For that you get the curry, rice (which is itself, stellar), and coffee, tea or soda. Reasons why the food here stands out:1. Each time I have ordered the curry special, the masala spices have been different; each one as delicious as the last. Each order is a new delivery. 2. You will see for yourself once you order how home-made these curries are. You can see, smell and taste all the different ingredients. None of that cop-out curry paste and coconut milk business. 3. The cuts of meat are always top-notch and perfectly cooked; the chicken cooked thoroughly but  not dry; the lamb a nice medium and so tender. *Of note: Here was the final selling point for me. While talking to the manager, I mentioned that I studied Indian culture in college. He got very excited and proceeded to walk me through the curry, giving me its origins in the village he is from, etc. He even showed me a bit of the kitchen! Nothing but authenticity and quality back there.
Ok the reviews here must be fake.  Tasteless tandoori chicken, dry as a bone meat samosa, and only barely passable cauliflower and mushroom bhaji.  Even the spiced tea was barely spiced.  Yelper beware!
So upset when Mumtaz closed a few years ago and so very happy to have found it again!  The best Indian food in all of NYC.
Please stay away from this place.  We Ordered the following items and all of them were revolting.  1.  Chicken Masala:  Chicken was OLD and rubbery.  No flavor either2.  Lamb Masala:  Lamb was not cooked at all!  and the meat was OLD4.  Aloo Matar Gobi:  Aloo was reheated and tested stale.  Again, no spices or flavor.Only decent thing was the paratha.  The waiters were pushy and the short one has an attitude.  The service is pathetic.I have been to many Indian restaurants all over the country and this was by far the worse.  It is not cheap to eat here either.
Food was not good and the service was spotty. Such a shame, as I used to be a regular at the old location.
This is one of my favorite take-out spots in the neighborhood! It's simple, basic Indian food, but done juuuust right. I've only ordered the basics (roghan josh, saag paneer, samosas, etc.), but they've been so good, I've never felt the need to get anything else. I order every couple months or so, and it's never been late, cold or sub-par.
Nan was pretty good.  Shrimp shag was ok but not hot enough.  Potato and eggplant needed more eggplant.  The "free" dal, after-dinner drink, and rice was a nice addition.  Tandoori chicken was moist but not a large portion.  Service was very accommodating.  They try hard to please.
We really like this neighborhood Indian place!  The "spicy" ratings are actually spicy enough to satisfy my husband, and the food is consistently good across the board.  The only thing I have not liked is the daal that comes with the meal.  But I especially like the saag paneer.  Yum.  We've noticed that the quality is good whether dining in or ordering in.  Plus, we often bring our baby in the stroller and they are very accommodating.  Blows Baluchi's (ick) out of the water and is better than Chennai since they combined their two restaurants on 1st Ave into one.
So glad to have Mumtaz back!  I have not been to the new location, but have had take out twice, and the food is just like it was at the old place - delicious!  I can't wait to see if the new place is as exotic looking as the old one was.
Loved it-- the naan is awesome and the chicken tikka masala is better than baluccis.  The people are very sweet to kids.  Will go back!
Love the food here - it's our favorite Indian restaurant again, now that they finally reopened.  Favorites are chicken tikka masala and lamb biryani but have liked other dishes as well.  Quiet and calm environment and service is efficient and friendly.
