Very nice and cosy place to eat with very well cooked Indian cuisine.Definitely recommended if you are in a small group.However, if you have a party planned for more than 10 people, then the overheads and surcharges are ridiculously high.Having dined here many times, I tried to organize a large get together here but the management wanted to charge a huge reservation fee. (hint: we had a fantastic meal with drinks, at Bukhara Grill on East 49, Street for the amount that they wanted as overheads).Having said that, the food is definitely worth it
Amazing service. Excellent food.  I had tried the chili shrimp and the salmon entree during restaurant week. The mango cheese cake was delicious.  All had amazing flavors.
Came here for restaurant week a few days back with a friend. Gotta say as a Bengali girl the food was spot on. The daal that came as the appetizer tastes exactly like the daal my dad makes at home. The wait time was so long though. Our reservation was for at 1 pm. We arrived at 1:03 pm. We got seated 45 minutes later. However the server was very nice. We got the table with the booth by the window. I quote "good things happen to those that wait"Food was spectacular, wait time sucked. One waiter I recalled asked if I wanted bottled water, to which I asked if they charged extra for it. He said "of course". Thought that was a bit snarky. But overall great meal. I'd certainly go back :)
Have enjoyed this restaurant a number of times, and the last visit was no exception.  Amma is a great neighborhood Indian restaurant, where the quality of the food delivers consistently.  It's not a large restaurant, having a first floor location in a townhouse/walkup, the space is long and narrow.  One literally walks in immediately to the dining room, there is no host area.  Some tables toward the back of the restaurant are a bit squeezed in and dark, being away form the front windows, pushed against the walls (two tops).  Larger groups are seated at the front of the restaurant.  However, the food delivers such that these nuisances can almost be overlooked.  For casual dining, it is fine and cozy.In terms of food, our perennial favorites are Chicken Korma, Lamb Rogan Josh and Lamb Vindaloo.  The chef has a deft hand with spices, so that it is prominent but not overbearing - basically, appropriate to the dish's style.  We also love the Jalapeño Naan.  On this visit we tried the Chicken Xacuti which was excellent, in a semi-spicy roasted coconut sauce - would have this dish again for sure.  The Manchurian Cauliflower was almost a sweet/sour type preparation, having been fried - not one of our favorites.  Paneer Tikka was good, but not particularly memorable, as were the Samosas.Wine service is surprisingly well managed, with many good selections both by the glass and by the bottle.  On our last visit, we enjoyed a bottle of the Evening Land Pinot Noir, a great Willamette Valley, OR production and priced with a very reasonable markup at $55/btl.  Amma has been an Award of Excellence winner from Wine Spectator over a number of years.  The wine director Sandeep has always been very personable and attentive on our visits and takes his duties seriously.Overall, I recommend Amma for a casual dinner with friends or significant other.  Though not cheap or necessarily 'fine dining', we feel the price to value here is reasonable.  If you want Indian food that is neither the run-of-the-mill buffet nor top end fine dining, this is a good choice.  In our 5-6 visits, the food has been consistently good.  While the atmosphere and service (aside from Sandeep noted above) is mediocre, it has always been a cozy go-to during the colder months.
Don't bother going to this restaurant. We went with a group of friends visiting from London. The food is geared towards non Indian. The only thing that was flavorful was the free house apps they gave.  When we walked in and saw the non Indian crowd that should have been a warning to go somewhere else.
We stayed In midtown and wanted Indian - Try this!!!!  This was the Best meal we had in the city for dinner! Make a reservation - such attentive service which made it a great time ! We started with the garlic naan bread - mango chutney, tamarind, mint sauces- raita! Papadom with onion! We ordered 2 of the chicken tikka masala - lovely and smooth - spiced to your request! Mine mild - hub bus spicey - perfectly done- Also for the kiddo tandoori chicken - no spice for her,  seriously the best I've tasted  - marinated in mint! She loved it!  Lots of different rice selections - we had the Basmati - perfectly done! Casual and comfortably elegant! Child friendly!EXCELLENT SERVICE!
This restaurant packs people in like sardines and feels a bit stiff and formal.  The service is fine but definitely not too friendly.Regardless of the above mentioned things, the food was A+ rated.  We all really enjoyed our Indian meals and drinks.  We tried the Lamb Rogan Josh, Tandoori Lamb chops, and Chicken Madra.  The meals did not come with rice or Naan which hiked up our bill $15.   Probably wouldn't go back even though the food was delicious!
Very lovely and charming ambience, wonderfully warm and hospitable service, and fantastically delicious food.  The tasting menu is transcendent.  Go once, and you'll become a regular!
Very tasty food and friendly waitstaff. We got the Paneer Tikka for the appetizer. It was well made and the portion size was okay but the food wasn't as warm as you'd expect. For the mains I had the beetroot kofta and that was very well made. My wife had the chicken xacuti and she says this is one of the best Indian food she has had. We got garlic naan breads to go with the curries. Again all of this was delicious but none of it was warm enough. For dessert we had the mango cheesecake and it was very tasty. The check included the 18% service charge and we felt that was an appropriate amount. Would've been 5 stars had the food been warmer.
Just not worth my money. First they didn't take my order even though there was ten minutes left for lunch. Then when we managed to get the food, it was bad. Period. I can't fathom spending money here again. Nope.
I went to Ammas for lunch with a friend. Both of us are foodies, so we typically enter a restaurant with certain expectations. To our utter dismay, our expectations were completely shattered. I ordered a vegetarian dish called beetroot kofta, while my friend ordered chicken chettinad. When the food arrived, we were surprised to see that both the dishes looked identical. At first, i wasn't sure which one is mine but my friend dispelled any misgivings by confirming that the one I got was the vegetarian one. while I didn't taste the chicken chettinad (me being a vegetarian), my friend tasted what i had ordered, and to no further surprise, the curry used was the same.
It's not easy to find a good Indian restaurant in the city. This place is highly recommended by my Indian friends. While waiting for food to come, I noticed this place is full of Indians ( me and my friends were the only non-Indians). The lunch set I got came with lamb, and it's delicious. Will be back again.
Really good indian food ... i went there with my co workers for lunch the place opens at 12 so do not plan for an early lunch here and the place is little tight so I recommend reserving a table ahead. So we went for the lunch north indian 2 course options its quiet a good deal .. we all get to select one appetizer of our choice and a main dish that comes with 3 trianglur pieces of naan , rice and yellow daal. Perfect for lunch. My favorite will be the lamb rogan josh , the chicken 65 and chilli shrimp , also the mango lassi..
What a gem. Solid Indian, but what really set it apart was really ace, friendly, and warm service.
Great standby Indian restaurant.  The staff is really friendly.  The cauliflower and chana masala are my go to orders, and never disappoint. I've been going here for years and keep coming back.
This was the best Indian restaurant we've eaten at in NYC. The flavors of each dish were so vibrant and fresh. We enjoyed everything we tried but especially loved the Manchurian Cauliflower, Fried Okra, Lamb vindaloo and butter chicken. The staff was helpful and efficient. We can't wait to go back.
This is the best Indian food outside of India.  Every trip to NYC includes a trip to AMMA, which never disappoints.
Amma has very good North Indian food. Delicious Goan fish curry. I come all the way to taste one of the best Indian food in city.
My husband and I went to Amma for restaurant week dinner. The service was impeccable, the wine service was great, and then the food was tasty! We started with the chaat and sweet and sour fish. The chaat was good, although a little too dry for my taste. In the main entree, I chose the lamb kebabs and they were amazing. The highlight of the night. My husband had the shrimp curry and it was also tasty but not as good. Additionally, they served gobi manchurian with the entree but it was undercooked and hard. A little disappointing. Then for dessert, we had the mango cheesecake and I highly recommend it!! Overall, good experience. We will definitely be ordering out from here for their lamb kebabs. Make reservations early on as its a tight space with very few tables!!
Below average foodService is the most disappointing, servers are flat face with zero expression and no comparison for customers Even if your food is bad but if you server with a smile customers will like it , in Amma's case both are bad
So first things first: went here last night (Saturday)  WITHOUT a reservation BUT we were promptly seated. Definitely a +1 in my books on a Saturday! So here's what we ordered: Starters: - Spinach Chaat - awesome! Tastes homemade, flavors were very solid - Trio of Veg/Non-veg samosas - I'm a HUGE fan of meat samosas - IMO the lamb samosa was EXCELLENT. Flavored JUST right and meat cooked perfectly. The chicken one was decent too and the potato one was pretty typical. Entrees: - Lamb Maas - eh I see that many people have given this dish awesome reviews but maybe something went wrong last night?  Way way way too much nutmeg in this dish.. not a huge fan. Also, the pieces of cloves..not very appetizing when you're enjoying lamb. That being said, the meat itself was cooked perfectly. - Konkan Prawn Masala - awesome awesome awesome dish! I'm not a HUGE fan of tomato based dishes. Be warned: this isn't your regular konkni style "kalvan" (which is usually coconut-based) but it was very tasty!! The shrimp WERE HUGE! Also: this dish IS SPICY. So, keep some tissues handy if you opt for this dish! I had this with a naan which was excellent - very light and buttered lightly. Dessert: - Ras Malai - not too sweet or heavy. The cakes could be kept a little longer in the milk and I think it would taste better but nonetheless, really good flavor. - Alphonso Mango Cheesecake - probably made with pulp but man oh man this was the good stuff!! Definitely going to go back for this. - Masala chai - NOT masala chai at all..more like black tea..definitely could be skipped.Bottomline: for such a nice place, I expected to pay a lot more! Sure, my stomach was in a bit of pain after the spice (yeah I don't really handle spice well) but I will definitely come back to Amma.
We went to Amma for restaurant week and was very satisfied with our overall experience.  The food was DELICIOUS and the staff were very attentive and friendly.  The restaurant is small and cozy and nicely designed.  I ordered the chicken and rice and beans vegeterian dish for the appetizer that came with some indian sauces on the side. For my entree, I had the lamb that was tooo dieeee forrrr... The bread on the side was great too.  For dessert i had icecream I think which was nicely decorated with Amma in Mango sauce that was good. I would definitely go back...The only negative is that the portions are a bit too small for me. :-)
I love this place.You should know that this is based on one visit during Restaurant Week, but it was a really great experience. Especially considering how some restaurants will put you at a rickety table by the bathroom and check in only after 40 minutes after they hear you ask for the Rest. Week menu.I'm used to the kind of buffet-style Indian restaurants that boast infinite variations on sloppy-sauced meats and gravy covered veggies, so Amma kind of blew me out of the water with meticulously composed dishes with distinct flavor combinations.I was a bit overwhelmed by the options so the waiter asked what I liked and offered me a dish that wasn't on the menu, the Lamb Laal Maas, a Rajasthani specialty. Incredible. That and the mango cheesecake were standouts, but I also had a great little crab appetizer and paneer tikka.Really great.
super nice service and amazing amazing indian food. it's a whole new level of indian food, even though i only eat tikka masala. highly rec!
A Brit living in New York will always miss two things - good fish and chips, and a great Ruby. I was on the search for the latter, and stumbled across Amma. It's a small place, long and narrow. We found ourselves sitting against a wall in what was sort of a corridor. But it wasn't too bad, in fact it was slightly more secluded. I asked for help on what to order, since they didn't have the standard Brick Lane fare. I explained that I like hot curries, not wimpy American hot, but East End hot! They adjusted a prawn dish to suit my 'tomato based and very hot please' request, and my word - it was just on the edge of my tolerance level! It was utterly delicious. The flavours and different spices were out of this world. This may actually be better than the curries back home.. dare I say it?!
Wonderful lunch during NYC restaurant week! The prix fix menu was very diverse with plenty of options to choose from! The food was delicious. The chef definitely knows his Indian cuisine and knows how to use his spices! The service was warm and welcoming. Definitely will come back.
Zero service. Bad customer etiquette. Was given a seat and then very rudely told to go away as there was a bigger group waiting to be seated. Just explains their attitude. I will never visit this place.If it were possible would give them zero stars.
Probably the best Indian food I've had to date, minus being invited to someones house for real Indian home cooking. The hit of the day was the fried okra, delicious. I had lamb vindaloo, well prepared and soft, and the spices were subtle and then the vindaloo kick at the end. That was done perfectly. Nothing was greasy or chewy and you could taste all of the flavors.The palak was also very flavorful and soft very good. I had rosemary nann (oh stop it, thats not her name! lol) and it was delightful. Not overpowering but a real compliment to the food and the beer (taj mahal lager). Overall the food was good, the prices were good for the quality of food, and they have a health department rating of an A. Thumbs up for AMMA
High quality food and quality service! Saag paneer was yummy and so was the tandoor lamb chops. The only reason why this isn't a 5 star review is because the chicken in the butter chicken was a little dry. Even though, I would highly recommend this restaurant. Yum!
I yelped about Amma the first time I went. Delicious! For Indian food it's my "go to" when I visit NYC. It's a treat. I always have the waiter order for me. And it's right on in terms of flavors and quantity of food. Service is very good.
Came here for lunch during Restaurant Week and was quite impressed with the choices, abundance and presentation of their dishes.There were many options to choose from for each entrees and while many (nearly all) other restaurants serve a 3 course meal for the $25.00 NYC Restaurant Week, Amma served 4--I hope they don't change anything about their menu for future restaurant weeks, because I plan on returning! Great job Amma.
AMMA  "STAY AWAY"!I had the worst lamb Biriani. It tasted like some wet soft gooey  raw egg white was mixed with the lamb Biriani. It was a take-out order. I threw up and I am presently sick in my stomach.I called the resturant to complain and a woman picked up the phone and hung up on me. I called again and a man told me they dont care for people like me.  I ordered for one and  have a forty one dollar receipt for food I ordered two hours ago. i read the good reviews on Amma but I believe that it could be from a paid company or some of their own friends or maybe the same people that work there. A WORD OF ADVISE...Be careful what restaurant you chose. Be sceptical about positive reviews and think twice before you waste your money.
My boyfriend took me here for dinner on our 1 year anniversary. The ambiance of the restaurant is very nice! The crowd was mostly non-Indians, which is always a plus in my opinion. The food: we had spinach chaat, lamb kati roll for appetizers - the chaat was dry, but good flavors. The kati roll was...well, kati roll!  For entrees, we had  the Tandoori Grilled Halibut, the Farm Raised Basil Chicken and a side of raita. The fish was super delish - I can still recall the subtle flavor of the cilantro on it. Very well marinated and very tender. The chicken was also very good, juicy and tender. Great proportions too - you wont be disappointed or leave hungry! The raita was a good accompaniment to the food, since the spiciness can kick in for those who arent used to Indian food. we also ordered a bottle of champagne, which went great with the food.Service was prompt, and all waiters were polite. Food came within 30 minutes of ordering, so it wasnt unbearable. Its a bit pricey, but you cant put price on quality. I would definitely recommend it!
Best Indian food I had in NY!I came here at the recommendation of one of my Indian friend. I had their sea bass special which was just PERFECT! The seasoning was just right. My friends, who had Chicken Xacuti and paalak kaa keema, were also VERY pleased. If I ever want authentic indian food, I will be coming to AMMA from now on.
The food at Amma is authentic and is unlike the greasy, cream laden cuisine that is dished out at many of the other Indian restaurants. All the dishes that I have tried there have astounded me in terms of both flavor and quality of ingredients.The service USED to be top notch when Vivek was the manager. He went above and beyond diners' expectations to make the Amma experience memorable. Sadly he is no longer with the restaurant and has been replaced by someone who could not have a style that is more polar opposite to Vivek's hospitable and friendly demeanor. Although we had a reservation and were only 5 minutes late, we were made to wait for almost 25 minutes to be seated, even though there were empty tables.Not sure what the manager expected to do with those empty tables!!! He was extremely rude and left much to be desired in terms of quality of service.Having said that the food was still top notch, which is the only reason Amma gets 3 stars! Will not be back here any time soon since the service is so dismal and there are other high quality Indian restaurants (Devi,Tamarind) in town!
Amma is in Midtown East near a pretty busy strip of restaurants and bars. It's a bit more tucked in and looks like it's the ground floor of an apartment building.All in all, had a great experience here. They have very reasonable set lunch options, where you can get a small appetizer, a decent-sized main course, rise, daal and naan all for ~$15 all-in.  I had the lamb maas, which was very tasty (and, as I was warned, quite spicy).Service was great, they had some pretty cool modern Indian music playing the background, and the whole ambiance would be fitting for a date. Would definitely consider coming back.
Will I ever find a Ruby Murray in NYC as good as Brick Lane, East End of London?I'm not sure but Amma was v. good well at least the food was.  Had the northern india lunch special two courses for $12 which was excellent value for money.  Started with chat  and chicken specials both excellent well cooked spicy without being overwhelming.  The chat was excellent mix of chick peas and salad.  Next we had the chicken Jalfrezi - onions peppers spice with maybe too much tomato sauce but nice and chicken tikka marsala (the national dish of the English) which was perfect spice tomato and cream.  Naans were hot and tasty, rice was fluffy and bean side was spicy.  So food was great.  its was Friday lunchtime and restaurant was deserted.  So even though we were told food was cooked fresh it still seemed to take an ages.  not sure how service would be if it was busy.If you want decent curry on the ES then this looks a good choice
One of hottest vindaloo on this side of Atlantic!Desert sorbet is good way to cool off the heat.Service was good. Attentive staff.
I've tried many, many Indian restaurants in the city, and Amma has to be near the top of my list in terms of ambiance and service.  Great little setting with low lighting and nice mood, perfect for dates, though oddly the front entrance is shared with a pre-war walk up building so slight deduction for that!Food gets a solid 4 stars plain and simple.  You might confuse Amma as offering only (or mostly) South Indian fare based on its name, but they actually specialize in North Indian cuisine.  Prices are upscale for Indian food ($20+ range for entrees) but worth it.  Appetizers:spinach chaat - very fresh but slightly blandManchurian Cauliflower - excellent and spicyyyPaneer tikka - extremely soft and fresh, my favorite.  You MUST try it.Entrees:Dum aloo - soo heavy and creamy but ohh so good!Jackfruit biriyani (rice) - loved it, jackfruit was cooked to perfection Chennai mixed vegetables - also very rich and heavy but i can't resist.  no complaints here.Tadka yellow daal - flavorful, really hits the spot with tandoori roti or onion kulcha (bread) or over rice.Dessert:Go for the trio of ice creams, excellent!  classic safron/pistachio is the best
The service is amazing. Wine list and food were equally great. Their spicy dishes are incredible.  Not to be missed if you love Indian food.
I am updating my previous review and changing my 2-stars to one. Below is an email I just wrote to the owners. Hope you find it useful.I used to count Amma as one of the three premium Indian restaurants in New York. Tamarind, Junoon, and Amma are the three places I recommend anyone asking me where to get great Indian food. Indeed, I used to believe your food surpasses the other two's quality. Your kararee bhindi is one of the best okra dishes I have had in my life. As good as your food is, your staff is even worse. Until you either change or retrain your staff, your restaurant will never rise to its true potential and truly be in the same league as Tamarind or Junoon. I for one am boycotting your establishment after a series of disappointing events. I kept hoping, incident after incident, that your staff's failure in basic courtesy was a fluke. But alas today was the last straw. Good luck but unfortunately, you have lost at least one loyal customer. Incident Number 1:It was Tuesday or a Wednesday around 9:30-10 pm when I came to Amma. There were maybe 2-3 other patrons at the restaurant at the time. Our group of three was asked if we had a reservation, which we did not. We were told by the bald server that they were completely booked for the night. Amazed, we all seriously doubted that your staff could not accommodate a three-top when the place was clearly empty. The worst part was instead of a, "Sorry, unfortunately we are booked. But maybe if no one shows up, if you would like to wait, we might be able to squeeze you" or something along those line, we got a flat "No" with quite a rude undertone. I am sorry but your establishment is not yet an ultra exclusive place where one needs reservations months in advance. But I gave the servers the benefit of the doubt and we said well maybe you guys are expecting a big party (but really we thought your staff was shirking since it was nearly time to close). Incident Number 2:This time I came with a date. The date was ruined because one of your servers kept staring at my date. So much so that it made her very uncomfortable. I was oblivious to this fact until late in the dinner. I only realized something was wrong because nearing the end of our meal she stopped talking. As soon as we finished she asked that we get the check and leave, no dessert, no chit chat, nothing. I was thinking that I had messed up and only after we left she told me what was going on. The funny thing is the guy staring wasn't even our server! So, as much as I would have liked to tell you who was the culprit, I cannot. Incident number 3: This time I got delivery. I asked for the lunch special and ordered the daal with kararee bhindi (I get it EVERY time). Instead, I got an eggplant dish. I understand mistakes are made and for me it wasn't a big deal - all I wanted was what I ordered, and maybe an apology for the mixup. So I called and after talking to a girl, who kept insisting I must have ordered the eggplant, I asked to speak to the manager. So I was put on the phone with Kiran. Kiran proceeded to give the most absurd explanation I have ever heard. He said, and I quote, "But Sir, the eggplant is one of our most popular dishes." To which I replied, "... I don't care if it is popular, I didn't order it!" "Well it is still vegetarian, why don't you just eat it?""Are you kidding me?! If vegetarian was my only criteria for food, I could eat grass.""I can't do anything right now. How about next time you call we will give you something extra.""Ok, what do I say when ordering next time?""Just ask for me, Kiran."Since then I have tried to reach Kiran 3-4 times. Each time I call, I am put on hold for a bit and then told "sorry, Kiran is not here right now." So one of two things is going on: either Kiran doesn't work, ever, or he is screening my calls. For the record, I have given up on that free meal. Incident Number 4:Today, I ordered bhindi again. Half of it was freezing cold, the other half warm. It felt like one of those half-microwaved hot pockets - each bite your mouth is confused about whether you are eating something hot or cold. I was UPSET! Till now, only the service has disappointed but the food has been immaculate. The bald guy comes first and asks what is going on (he was not our server). Upon hearing the complaint, he tells us an absurd explanation about how the bhindi is SUPPOSED to be cold. I tell him he has to be kidding me. Never have I eaten the bhindi cold, and ESPECIALLY not half cold half hot. He says, "We put lime juice on top, so it becomes cold." At this point I am visibly angry and he walks away saying, "well I didn't take your order anyway, so it is not my problem". Kiran comes out and gives the same BS explanation. And look, if you do serve it cold, then how is it that the 20 times prior when I have ordered it, it has never been cold? After we refused to pay for the bhindi, they were at least kind enough to not charge us for the Bhindi.
We stopped in without a reservation & on a Saturday night. They were accommodating & gave us a table. The food was so delicious. There were 4 of us & we aren't very familiar with Indian food so we all ordered something different to share. The waitstaff took it one step further & divided everything we ordered into 4 portion sizes without us even asking. It was so thoughtful & anticipating our needs.
Came here during restaurant week and was amazed at the selection on the menu and the wonderful service. The waiter was incredibly attentive and knew the exact right times to come by and help us with water or clearing plates.The food was freaking fantastic! The chicken pakoras and the Lal Las Lamb was absolutely delicious. There was also a fried cheese that I had from my friend that was especially tasty. We both had a great evening and ended with a Mango Kulfi dessert. Despite finishing and paying for our food, we were not rushed out the door after our dinner either.I am definitely coming back here for another meal!
One of the best Indian food I have eaten in years. The place is compact which is the only negative thing about this restaurant.  The ambience is decent.  The service is wonderful. Cheerful waiters.  Amazing food.  They have one of a kind gulab jamoon.  Recommend this place for a romantic diner.
Any place in which the waiter kills a roach next to your table and then removes it without even batting an eye, is getting one star and that's all there is to say about that. P.S. Had this not been a business lunch, I would have walked out. Sorta concerned the CFO (on whose satchel the roach was crawling) didn't at least try to get the meal comped. #healthcodefail #chieffinancialofficerfail
Best indian restaurant i have been to. If i were to sum up the food it would be a flavor bomb exploding in your mouth good. Small place but very nice decor and atmosphere. The food was great we had the chicken beryani, buttered chicken which was a must try, and sea bass which was not on the menu and was recommended by the waiter. The staff was great and knew the menu and even offered recommendations. Overall a must go and will be recommended by me to all my friends whose looking into trying Indian cousine
Amma served some of the best Indian food I've had in a long time. The flavors are traditional, but the dishes are more inventive than you'll see at most other restaurants. We started with the trio of vegetarian samosas. You get one of each - pea, potato, paneer. Each was great, though the paneer stood out the most. The house appetizer of beet croquettes was also very good and sort of surprising (I've never been served beets at an Indian restaurant before). For mains, we got stuffed baby eggplant in a peanut curry sauce, paneer patties in a tomato sauce, and vegetable vindaloo. Of the three, the paneer ruled (again!) - but they were all delicious. Words of caution - vindaloo is not for wimps. I agree with other reviewers that the lack of a waiting area creates some awkwardness. People are literally standing next to your table while you eat and they wait. It's also a bummer that entrees don't come with rice, especially since the prices are pretty steep.
A reasonable place for Indian food, although nothing that turned my head or set itself apart from the better Indian restaurants I've been to elsewhere.The garlic naan is a safe bet and will probably go well with anything, like the stuffed baby eggplant (Bagharey Baingan) which was delicious.  The butter chicken was flavourful, but I was pretty disappointed that the chicken itself was blatantly over cooked and tough.  Table side plating was a nice touch.The flavours were good enough that I would be willing to give it another chance if I happened to be in the neighbourhood and craving Indian food.  However,  I would not put this on my list of places that I think are worth making the cross town trek for.
Had dinner here last night and enjoyed my experience. Service was top-notch. The food was interesting because almost every dish had a sweet-ish tinge to it. We had the beetroot kofta (the gravy was like normal malai kofta gravy but the kofta's were sweet) and the gobi manchurian (I was a huge fan of this) along with the jalepeno naan (not as spicy as I expected) and the mint paratha. My favorite part of the meal was definitely the appetizers though (the spinach chaat--YUM). We also had the ras malai for dessert which was presented very nicely but tasted normal. I would go back/order from here again as the prices are reasonable for a nice indian dinner.
Best Indian food in Manhattan. Great service and ambiance. Reasonably priced specially if go during lunch time.My favorite item on the menu : Chicken tikka massala
I expect things to be a little off for Restaurant Week/month, and it really showed here in the pacing of the meal and the unengaged overwhelmed servers.  But all of the food was delicious and I would definitely go back.  The wine pairings, while not exotic, were well chosen.  The room is tight and lively.
Food was great. But that's pretty much all I can say. Service was pathetic. We had to wait for an hour after our order for the food to be served. Moreover, when the food arrived, the portions were ridiculously small for the price that they were charging. It was appalling to see how little the bowl sizes for the yellow daal was compared to most Indian restaurants I have eaten at in NYC. The only reason this restaurant is able to pull such stunts of cheating foreign/ non Indian customers is because it's located outside Murray Hill. If it had been offering its existing services at the existing costs within Murray Hill, it wouldn't have run for more than a day. I don't think people should waste their hard earned money here; instead go to the numerous Indian restaurants in Murray Hill, which serve better food, faster without creating a huge hole in your pocket. After paying $110 plus for a dinner for 2, I felt I had barely eaten anything and was deeply annoyed for the delay in serving.
Everyone should visit this place for the service alone! We dined here last night for NYC Restaurant Week and we were so pleased with our experience. Let's face it, some restaurants do not give you their full attention and services when you tell them you're here for the cheaper restaurant week menu but Amma was the exact opposite. My only complaint was that the waiter didn't tell us his name or else I would be including him in particular in this review. He helped us decide what we might like with his helpful suggestions as well as setting up all of our courses so that we could share.  Even the water boy was amazing! He kept our water glass full as well as made sure that we had all the proper utensils we needed before the next course arrived.  The manager greeted every table without being overbearing or intrusive and no guest was more important than the other. A survey sheet came with our bill so we noted the excellent service but had one minor complaint that the stuffed mushroom was more like a fresh mushroom and would've preferred it to be a little more cooked. The manager(or owner) came over very nicely and pleasantly I might add, to talk to us about what exactly it was that we didn't love about the mushroom (the stuffed mushroom was still very tasty) because she wanted to make sure that "there wasn't anything wrong in the kitchen."  This is how you keep the quality up people!  Other restaurants need to take notes from Amma.  Overall this was a great experience with beautiful Indian food and is worth every penny that you might spend on their regular menu!
I went to Essabagel first, the line was out the door. This New Yorker just finished running 6 miles. She needs to eat. I yelped for a place and said to myself hmmm I eat Indian food A LOT. That is how I came to Amma. Amma is pretty good for lunch. But maybe it's because I'm here on a weekend and maybe because I ordered Saag Paneer and well it's hard to screw up Saag Paneer... And I'm also the only person here so the wait wasn't even an issue or the lack of room etc. everything that others talked about that was negative I really didn't see an issue... :) it's definitely delicious if that's your sole purpose for eating. At least for me it is. Entertainment wise? Meh it's just an eatery.
Best Restaurant week menu. Amma really offers 5 small courses so you can taste a variety of their food. Amma is small, but big on taste. Top Indian for me in NYC. Service can be a bit quirky. They don't rush you out, but keep the meal going. Delicious naan, fresh vegetables. I'll give their Mango Cheesecake an OMG. Prices might be a bit expensive if visiting other than restaurant week. Long wine menu with great options.
First time having Indian food, and I can honestly say it was the best meal I've ever had. The ambiance was quiet, great for small parties or a date. The service was prompt and polite. The na'an was only $5 and enough for two people. The sauces were delicious. You were also kind to leave all the sauces from different dishes on the table, because it would be nice to try with other food we ordered. Can't wait to go back!
My work colleagues and I have been here for lunch over twenty times, and just back today. We have always been extremely happy with the taste and quality of our food. If you are in a rush, you should tell them up front because they aren't a fast food place. Service is great too - I recommend making a reservation as the place is often full.
On the food alone, I would give Amma 4 stars however I have taken 2 stars off for service received and the response from management.  I went to Amma for lunch with a coworker for restaurant week on 7/28.  We arrived right on time for our 1:00pm reservation but had to wait 15 minutes for a table to open up.  When we were seated we had to wait another 10 minutes before a waiter serves us.  The food was really good, I had the chicken kabab as an appetizer, the chicken tikka masala for an entrée and a pistachio ice cream for dessert...everything was superb however, each course took much longer than expected to arrive at the table.  I wouldn't have minded the wait so much but what was supposed to be an hour lunch break turned out to be 2 hours and 30 minutes because of the amount of time spent at Amma.  After we paid our bill, we filled out a survey in order to receive a $25.00 gift certificate on the next dinner visit.  Its been 3 weeks and we still have not received  the certificate or a response from management.  I am not sure I would return to this establishment solely based on the service and business practices
You will not beat this quality, for the prices they charge (certainly not in midtown).   Excellent food, good prices, and many options to choose from.  Try any of the special lunches. The small interior space is tastefully decorated and feels intimate.
I deducted one star only because the service is so slow....if you only have an hour lunch...don't bother..you need at least 1.5 hrs to eat here.  Love the spicy shrimp appetizer....actually, all their appetizers are great!
Seriously the best Indian food I've ever had. I'm indian, so my mother beats all, but apart from family meals.. best restaurant I've been to. Had the kararee bhindi, some kind of tomato cream sauce with paneer, and this amazing daal makhani. If I ever come back to New York, it'll be for this food. A must try!
My fiancé and I had a very very good diner at Amma. Jay really took care of us and gave us very good advices to choose the best dishes.Just an advice: save a space in your stomac before before going there because food is so delicious :)Definitly, we will return there!Enjoy!!!!!
I really enjoyed my dining experience at this restaurant. i visited for the first time during restaurant week with a friend and we were both in agreement that the food was fabulous. The service was outstanding and the staff was very attentive to the customers as they arrived. the menu was so diverse which made choosing your meal difficult. I had the salmon coin and lamb appetizers but for the main course i chose the mango tandoori chicken with the mango cheese cake for dessert. This was some of the best indian food i have had and the starting salad i could not get enough of. However, the food portions were very small for someone with a good appetite but i will definitely return to amma in the future.
As the story goes, one Wednesday evening after a long night of boozing at opal we headed back to one of my friends apartments who just so happened to live above Amma. While in the hallway I ran into a chef and drunkenly asked him if I could sample some food... much to my surprise he said yes and after sitting on the step of the building for 10 minutes out pops the chef with a packaged meal for us to take up to her apartment....The food here is INCREDIBLE. Not only are they so sweet but the food was amazing and I will for sure go back!!I wish I could tell you more about what it was that I ate. I want to say it was some delicious rice, curry chicken and lamb or something of the likes and fresh pita and hummus. This establishment comes highly recommended!
Rare, clean white tablecloth Indian restaurantClassy space and classy helpful staff.The Resent action and food were great If you love spicy or not, heck this place out.  My wife does not typically care for indian, but she loved her chicken dish here.  Sure to return.
Elegant, simple ambiance, very attentive staff. Incredible tasting menu. They estimated 1 hrs 45 min for the tasting meal. It was perfectly timed. Each of the 7 courses was beautifly presented and explained in detail. The variety of taste sensations was wonderful. THE best Indian meal I have ever had after eating in hundreds if Indian Restaurants across the US and England. The whole experience made me feel special and topped off a perfect day in NYC.
Disappointing. Our waiter made it clear he was going to guide us. We listened. The food came and we'd ordered two big bowls of spinach, one with cheese one with lamb. The lamb btw was super salty.  The food spooned out for us and tapped on by the servers spoon did not convince me that the quality was any different from a buffet.  Nice decor but I believe its used to convince people that its worth the price, it's not. They also raised an eyebrow that we did not have a reservation, so they sat us by a busy waiter station which was awful. Meanwhile the entire time we were there they never came close to filling up. A waste of $100
Nice food but environment is too tight .
Iv'e been here a few times, be prepared to take your time and enjoy! everything from the food to the service is great, you really can't go wrong. Can't wait for my next visit!
Amma was a horrible experience and primarily because each person in your party NEEDS to order a main course entree! I planned a dinner for 5 there and was disappointed and angry at the end on their weird policy!If you have ever eaten Indian food you will realize that most Indian food (and definitely the one served here) is cooked for sharing style / family approach. It is atrocious to think that each person orders a main course entree because it is too much food on the table. The server who took my order did not inform me first and then the manager stepped in and was fumbling to explain me this weird a** policy! When I confronted him saying where this policy has been mentioned and he was silent. He accepted it that they haven't mentioned it on their website or menu or anywhere!We had to walk away after 15 minutes because there was no way I was spending and wasting so much food! Disappointing that the restaurant never mentioned this policy and I never got a chance to taste their food quality!
Thank you Amma for a lovely early-evening experience. Brought my parents here because they were in the area and Indian was about the only thing I could coax my old-school Dominican parents to try. Service was SO warm and attentive, with many assurances from the waiter that things wouldn't be too spicy for them, that they started to relax. At shortly after 5 we were their first dinner guests and they even put Latin music on for them. I like my food to be nuclear holocaust hot and they respected my wishes, unlike most places that assume my American palate can't handle it. My laal maas lamb was chili perfection. Even my dad, who sulked the whole way over about being forced to eat "crazy" food, loved his tikka masala. Highly recommend.
Their curries are decent but the fried okra is their best dish. A great Indian eat if you are craving Indian on a weekday in Midtown.
What a small hidden gem. Wonderful Indian food, love the spices that they use. Possibly the best Naan I ever have from any Indian restaurants.Amma's stylish and warm ambiance certainly evoke images of spices. The staff were friendly and very attentive.We ordered various curry dishes and went with highest spicy level that they offered (They know how to make it hot without overkilling the flavor). The food was flavorful, elegant, and creative. Can't say enough about the food quality but the service probably was the highlight. The downside? The place was little cramped and the food portion was pretty small for what you paid. I had great experience at Amma and would definitely return.
Really nice tasting menu, but not my favorite Indian spot, particularly at this price.
My roommate had been to Amma before, and due to abysmally slow service on her previous visit, the restaurant had given her a $20 gift certificate. So, in an effort to be somewhat thrifty, we came here with another friend for a quick bite and to catch up. Finding the entrance is a bit tricky - looking in from the outside, there's a big sign and a big glass window with tables behind it, but the door is actually within what looks like a residential building. You go up the stairs and instead of continuing straight into the residential apartments, you turn left and enter the restaurant. Once you get inside, it's a small, quiet place (10 or 15 tables) which was pretty empty when we arrived close to 7 PM, though it started to fill up a bit more as we were leaving. I had the Laukee Ke Kofte, which was similar to Malai Kofte I've had at other Indian establishments. It was tasty, with just the right amount of spice, but not something I'd come back for. My friend's Butter Chicken (like a Tikka Masala) was UH-MAZ-ING - I should've gotten that instead! My roommate ordered the Madras Chicken, and she said it was tasty but didn't seem blown away. When our food arrived, they plated each dish in front of us, which was a nice touch. My frustrations with Amma reside less with the food than with the service and the prices. The service wasn't particularly quick or slow, but they were a bit pushy overall - they left us with just a wine list for 20 minutes after we sat down and wouldn't give us the regular food menus until we told them several times we didn't want anything to drink. And for a tiny, not-that-fancy Indian restaurant in midtown, charging $20+ for an average entree seems unreasonable to me. Let's put it this way - if your customers are entering your restaurant through a residential foyer, can you really justify charging $30+ for a lamb entree? Really?
My husband and I visited New York on vacation, and Amma was just a couple doors down from our hotel.  We stopped in for dinner on a night when we were just too tired to go anywhere too far.  This place definitely exceeded our expectations!  We were promptly seated, given excellent menu recommendations and attentive service, and were even treated to a nice little pre-appetizer appetizer on the house.  For an appetizer we ordered the paneer tikka, which was very fresh and flavorful.  I ordered the beetroot kofta, which was silky and just spicy enough.  The karari bhindi was so good that my husband, a confirmed okra hater, went back for seconds after trying it.   My husband ordered the tandoori chicken, which he was very happy with.  We had the mango cheesecake for dessert, which was small, but extremely rich and decadent.  This was a great little find on our trip!
Definitely one of the best Indian restaurants in NYC! We ordered a range of items (vegetarian and meats), for appetizers, main course (curries, breads, Biryani) and desserts. We enjoyed all of it! Some of flavors are unique and different. I will say though, that the biryani is not quite as good as the other items or as good as what you might find in some other Indian restaurants.It is a small restaurant with limited seating so making reservations in advance can only help.  The service is warm and good!Highly recommended!!
Based on previous reviews (and prices) we had high hopes and expectations of Amma.  Sorry to say they failed to deliver.  The samosas were quite good, but a bit chewy and not as crisp as I prefer.  Found the same to be true with the garlic naan...didn't seem like it was fire roasted with that slight crispness that a nice naan has.  The chicken tikki masala was so-so, actually very sweet, too sweet.  Never had sweet tikki masala before.  The chicken curry madras was very good.  We paid over $100 for four adults.  I don't feel we got our money's worth.
I went here during restaurant and I got the tasting platter. The meal consisted of 7 dishes served as small plates. The food was great. The dishes had a perfect amount of spice. Nice presentation. The mango cheesecake was delicious. I would definitely come back.
The Chicken Tikka Masala was AMAZING! It was part of the $11.95 lunch deal and totally worth it!
Came here during Restaurant Week-- I had the wine flight with my dinner and was very pleased with how well it paired with the courses. I had the mango cheesecake (as the other yelpers recommended) and wasn't too fond of it, it was too sweet for my palate.
I walked several blocks to Amma from my hotel in 20 degrees temperature after reading several favorable reviews about the food.  However, upon arriving at Amma, I was "greeted" by an almost empty restaurant and a waiter with the demeanor of an undertaker and the enthusiasm of a corpse.He called to the manager then walked off.  I waited while the manager talked with a couple for several minutes.  He finally came over.  He wasn't sure he could seat me.  He and the other waiters walked off to the other end of the restaurant to talk about it. You get the picture.  At this point I don't care how good the food is - if the service staff don't care, I'm not going to risk eating here.
One of my fave Indian restaurants.   Authentic menu items not found in the Americanized Indian restaurants confirmed by my Indian friends whom I always take to this restaurant.
I live and worked in the area and ate here for lunch at least once a week.  Since I left my job I haven't been for a while.  Food was ok but my as good as it used to be. Maybe just an off day. I'm coming back again-
Good food, limited vegetarian options.
Came here for restaurant week a few weeks ago with a couple of friends. The food was good but the service was fantastic! I find that usually dining off of the restaurant week menu brings lousy service but not with this place. Servers were pleasant and very attentive. Food was brought out at appropriate intervals and I never felt rush. Another thing is that their restaurant week menu allowed you to choose a soup or salad, an appetizer, an entree and a dessert. Most places don't throw in the soup or salad. I ended up with a salad, samosas, an eggplant dish and the mango cheesecake. All were yummy but the mango cheesecake was delicious - and I am NOT a cheesecake fan. I would definitely come back to this place. A for Amma!
If you enjoy waiting 30 minutes for your appetizer, then an additional 30 minutes for your entree, then this spot is most definitely for you! If you are in a rush and/or hungry, the sheer frustration with waiting to eat is palpable and maddening... I ate at Amma for lunch this past Friday and upon telling the host that I did not have a reservation, I was begrudgingly sat in the way back (in a dimly lit hallway right by the bathroom and kitchen). Wonderful... I was beyond hungry and craving Indian, so I dealt with the less than suitable dining environment complete with a rickety, wobbly chair. Let's get down to the important stuff though... the food. The Northern lunch special offers an appetizer and entree for $11.95. Sounds like a great deal, right?? When you break down the portion size and the quality of the ingredients, $11.95 is NOT a bargain at all -- especially considering I can get the same quality food (except unlimited at a buffet) down the street for only a buck more. The two, teensy tiny, pieces of the chicken kebab were virtually tasteless unless I doused the dry meat in the tamarind brown sauce served on the side. Typically that sauce is served with papadam and not chicken kebab. I would have preferred papadam than that chicken. Oh well. 30 minutes later (and much nagging to the waiter)  I got the entree... a lamb apricot dish that was slathered in what seemed to be a korma sauce. I was not happy. Apricot lamb should be just that. Lam meet apricot. Apricot meet lamb -- the creamy, flavorless sauce just added calories and no flavor. I scraped away as much as I could from the lamb. The naan was OK, fluffy in parts and than incinerated in others... Perhaps the best of both worlds for some, though I just eat the fluffy parts, which translated to 1/2 a piece. The dal (lentils) tasted funky... as if the cook just popped a tin can of beans, added some tumeric and cilantro, and gave it a good ol' nuke in the microwave. The 1/4 of a cup of basmati rice was served in a conical shape that toppled over as soon as the waiter put the plate on the table. How anti-climactic... I felt badly while I was eating my main dish as the surrounding tables still hadn't received their food and had been waiting an hour as well... They were like alley cats scratching for a morsel... Perhaps this tiny restaurant can't handle max capacity and should resign itself to 5 tables and takeout orders. Clearly stuffing tables into cramped quarters wreaks more havoc than reward. Although I wouldn't avoid this place like the plague, I'd venture to other Indian restaurants in the area before resigning myself to an hour wait for mediocre food.
I went to this place based on a recommendation from a friend and the excellent reviews on yelp. Sorry to say that I was very disappointed. I eat at restaurants in NYC at least three days a week and so have been to many places. This is the 1st place that I have visited that does not have a sitting bar area. When I asked for a table for 1, I was told that I would have to wait for 30 minutes. Although I could see at least 3 to 4 open tables, when asked I was rudely informed that all of them were reserved. So I decided to wait. After waiting for 10 minutes or so I realized that nobody was showing up to occupy those tables and so decided to leave. I have to say that this was the worst service I have ever received at a restaurant in NYC.If I could I would have given ths place a zero star.
A beautiful thing happens when you put Amma's butter chicken and fried okra inside your mouth. This is Indian food BLISS. Yes, the waiters can be pushy and urge you to do their wine pairing (which is absurd-- please do yourself a favor and buy a bottle of decent but not insanely overpriced white wine) but for the most part they do a great job at delivering the delicious food to and from the tables. The atmosphere is nice, nothing too fabulous or exciting-- perfectly serene and not too loud. Go to Amma with a close friend or loved one and enjoy the food. I've ordered in many times as well and though it's expensive, it's nice to be able to call up and have Amma's yummy food at home. Indian cuisine is my favorite, so this is saying a lot... I LOVE AMMA!
Giving this place 3-stars because the company I was with was exceptional.  Food was decent but over priced for Indian.  Service decent but nothing special.
The food was absolutely delicious and authentic!  The service?  MARVELOUS.  However, the seating is a bit crowded (but in line with many other Indian restaurants I've been to.)I highly recommend dining here if you havent already!
Small, quiet, romantic place for a special evening out. Delicious, good quality food , with attentive service. We have been there several times and had great meals every time we've gone.
I can't call it the best Indian food I had nor the best fine dining experience, most likely because they cut our dinner short and the pastry section was closed so we couldn't continue with dessert. -1 starHowever, Amma's food was amazing. The mint chutney is delicious, a hint of spicey. It's a given that you should always get a curry, something from the tandoor, rice and bread. So, you should get the fish curry, tandoori chicken, basmati rice and garlic naan. The halibut from the tandoor was amazing as well, juicy on the inside with mint chutney on top and a side of lemon rice. Delicious. The Bhindi wasn't as crispy as I had assumed it would be, but a delicious side none the less. The garlic naan was was abundant in flavor and smell. We asked for the fish curry to be extra spicey and it was spicey, but as someone mentioned below, not too much to kill the original flavor. Amma is actually inconveniently in an apartment building, so it is small and it is best to make reservations.
Best Indian food I have ever had!Flavors are incredible. sometimes at some mediocre Indian places, flavors of different dishes end up tasting the same; however, at Amma, this was not the case.We got Lamb samosas that were smaller than the average samosa but still amazing. The sweet and spicy sauce made it even better.We weren't sure what to order so we asked the waiter what he recommended, and I gotta say everything he told us to get was fabulous.Kararee Bhindi (crispy tangy okra) - my favorite of all the dishesButter Chicken (chicken tikka masala) - nice and creamy and like the name describes, chicken was butteryLaukee Ke Kofte (zucchini dumplings that were like meatballs)Nan had herbs that made it interesting! and the rice.... oh boy - perfection.Try this restaurant and let me know how you liked it!FYI - place is small so make reservations!
Authentic and creative Indian cuisine in an elegant setting.The 11.95 lunch prixe fixe is an unbelievable value - i have tried many of the north and south indian options - yet to be dis-appointed.Service is good, but the food takes a while to come. Given hectic schedules, especially at lunch, Amma would do well to speed things up (without compromising quality of course!)
Tasty, and great service in an intimate atmosphere. Great for a date or dinner with a friend; not great for a group.
My first experience with Indian food wasn't so great, so I haven't eaten it in years. My friend convinced me that I needed to go to a good Indian restaurant and eat the right food (I'm not a fan of curry). So, we went to Amma. I, of course had no idea what to order, but our server was great. He asked me what I liked, what I didn't like, and suggested things based on that.The meal was incredible. I enjoyed everything I ate and I look forward to going again.
Sanitation rating pending.....not cute. and the food was just OK. Waiters pressured you to order more items...kind of like salesmen. Not my scene.
I've died and gone to Indian Cuisine Heaven!Indian is my all-time favorite type of food, and I have had my share of Indian food experiences in  NYC - both amazing and terrible.   Amma, by far, was the BEST Indian food I've ever had in NYC.  I loved it!A friend and I went to Amma this week for "Restaurant Week."  I ordered the Salmon Coin & Chicken Kandhari Kabab apps, along with the Shrimp Kolhapuri Entree and the Mango Cheesecake for dessert.Each course was more delightful than the last.  The wine was amazing, the service was incredible, the atmosphere was comfortable.This is my new favorite Indian Restaurant in NYC.  YAY!
Context: Sept 2012.  we had a reservation for a late lunch at 2pm on a Thursday. They close for lunch at 3 and we clearly came in at the end of the lunch seating but they were welcoming and didn't rush us.Atmosphere: the restaurant is in a bustling area of east mid town among other shops, restaurants and residential living. You walk up some steps to the hidden and not well marked door into the dim, orange hued restaurant with white tablecloths, cloth napkins and a quiet almost business man ambiance, no Indian music strumming in the background. The restaurant is small and narrow and tables are close together. It seems if the room were full, it would be crowded. Several tables overlook the street in a banquet seating area and we had one of these, quite close to a party of four with was a bit much given the rest of the restaurant was empty.Service: we were greeted practically by name because we had a reservation and quickly seated and given menus. Service was adept and not overly friendly. Water was refilled regularly and the food was nicely paced. In a word, it was unobtrusive.Food: lunch prices are quite reasonable and there are three set menus to pick from: northern Indian, southern Indian and a larger three course option. Menu is heavy on meat and the only southern dishes are those in the set menu. I love uddapum so I had to order that but I should have known better, this is a others Indian place. We also had the northern indian two course meal. Both meals start with an appetizer, two choices for southern idly and a donut fried thing. I had the donut fried thing and it was quite good, like a corn fritter but less sweet and a bit dense. It's served with tamarind and coconut chutneys and a small bowl of samber, a broths vegetable soup with a distinctive spicing. This was heavy on broth, light on spice and veggies. The northern Indian came with spinach potato patties which were two small lightly fried patties also served with chutney. These were better than they looked. Main for the northern was a Lamb vindalo, which we were warned was pretty spicy. It was spicy but not sweat inducing. It comes in a small bowl with lots of clove/cinnamon rich spice. No potatoes, which is unusual in a vindalo. The lamb quality was decent, not overly chewy or fatty.  It comes with yellow dal, one naan and rice. The naan is very light and fresh.  The main for the southern was disappointing. I've only had  uppadam at three restaurants so I don't have a lot to compare it to but it seemed under cooked, a bit doughy and had a light slimy texture. It's also very thin. My favorite is crispy, rich with veggies and somewhat thick. This one was served with the same chutneys from the donut fried thing. It was plate sized and rich with cauliflower.I would go back but I wouldn't order southern food.
Great Indian food.Let me start off by saying, I really don't like Indian food in NYC except for Bukhara Grill. We tried Amma during Restaurant week 2011, and the food with the prix-fix selections was awesome. The Chili Paneer and masala idli were quite amazing. Being a vegetarian, their was a very large selection offered for the restaurant week selection. I gave a star off because the service was mediocre at best.
I may seem a tad judgmental when it comes to Indian Food in New York. After all, Tiffin Wallah is the only place I've fully endorsed. (And when I saw the "best Indian food I've ever had!!" comments on some of these reviews, my first thought was "Just wait till you try Tiffin Wallah!")....after all, it's hard to be unbiased when you've tasted the best and are now tasting the third-best...and Amma just doesn't cut it. Great lunch special - $12 for an appetizer and main course (they have both South Indian and Punjabi food) - but let's just say that the $12 price tag shows. Portions are pretty small (my masala dosa was half the size of a standard one) and the flavor has been...Westernized. Strike one.Service is okay, but not really up to par. Strike two. And for a small space, they have done a lot, but it's still not the most comfortable setup to enjoy a delicious Indian lunch in. Final strike. My advice to Amma would be to remember what Indian food is all about - and why people go to Indian restaurants. My advice to YOU would be to try it if you're in the neighborhood (after all, maybe it is for you), but I don't think I'll spend another lunch break here.
good if your craving true indian food setting area is ok service is good & friendly
One of the best Indian restaurants in the city. We've been here two times for lunch and the food was excellent on both occasions. The two-course lunch deal for $11.95 is a steal and the portions are very generous. We ordered from the Northern Indian lunch menu - the dishes are all very flavorful and we especially like the naan that comes with the entree. Highly recommended!
The food was great.  I had the lamb korma (creamy cashew nut sauce) with garlic naan and it was a decent portion for lunch.  The lunch set also came with potato spinach cakes which is slightly salty but still good.  The kulfi was recommended and it was delicious.Now, the service needs more improvement.  This restaurant has a weird layout with the reservation counter and cashier located all the way in the back.  So when you walk in, you might not get any attention if one of the staff who was supposed to be at the door to greet you, was out of his/her post.  Now, it also seems like the manager was the only one who knows what's going on and what to do.  While he was running around giving orders, the other staff were kind of moving around like zombies like they're lost.  I think they definitely need a bit more training prior to service time and be a bit more attentive to the customers.  I did sit down with no menu or water for a good 5-8min with the room not even half packed.  I did see a few of the staff just gathered around chillin in the back so that's not very good for the restaurant.  Manager needs to really set them straight to their posts.
Perfectly delicious.  A noticeable departure from buffet Indian lunches. This is quality food that tastes traditional but well coordinated by the chef to bring out a nice harmony of spices and flavors. The staff was kind and helpful - made me feel like royalty.   Pistachio ice cream at the end of the meal sent me straight to heaven.
Amma is a wonderful little Indian restaurant with a romantic, enchanting atmosphere. If you've never had indian cuisine before, consider going here to indoctrinate yourself correctly!  Our waiter was really friendly and made suggestions as we ordered our food based on what he thought we might like, warned us when dishes were going to be very hot or if there was a concern that the appetizer was pretty filling, etc. The other waiters were always around to fill up your water glass and believe me, you need it! (I know, I know, water doesn't technically help for spicy food, but at least it's a temporary respite)We also got some complementary beet patties that were served with a spicy mint sauce and another sauce (I forget what this one was..) that were both delicious. I had the tandoori prawns which were..well...HUGE. Jumbo prawns is right! They were spicy but not overwhelmingly so, although I wish the mint rice that came with it wasn't spicy though because by the end I was yearning for something, anything, that wouldn't  contribute to the burning :) . The crab kulcha was also great, I would recommend. MAKE RESERVATIONS!! There is nowhere to stand if you have to wait. Amma was every bit worth the price, and I would go back in a heartbeat if I was in the neighborhood again.
Quaint, intimate dining experience. Helpful/friendly staff; delicious food; good experience. A bit pricey. Charged for each soda refill.
Make a reservation! Space is limited, if not, you will be standing outside the door for the next available table.  With that being said, Amma, is a charming, cozy restaurant. The waitstaff and manager are very attentive. I had the chicken tikka masala, ( my favorite), it was nicely spiced and not too spicy served with hot naan and rice. My date, had the potato paratha ( stuffed naan with potatoes) along with a cucumber and yogurt based sauce (ritta). The food was quite delicious and a sizeable portion to share.   My only complaint is the atmosphere was quiet, I was afraid to speak loudly. Definitely not a place for groups.
Customer service and food quality are lacking.  I phoned in an order and was told 10-20 minutes.  When I arrived, (20 minutes after the call), I sat for another 10 minutes before my order was ready.  The manager seemed irritated that I was in a hurry.I ordered the vegetarian vindaloo, which I don't find the vegetarian version on the menu often.  It didn't have a wide variety of vegetables, 80% carrots and potatoes, and was extremely oily.  I was expecting better from the average reviews.Customer service= fail  + Food taste and quality=fail = no reason to give it a 2nd try.
An intimate, well decorated, professionally serviced Indian restaurant - with immaculately prepared food - at long last! Yes, it is priced quite higher than your average Indian joint, but you get what you pay for. Every dish was freshly, perfectly prepared (per our North Indian palate!) and each of us served individually. Highly recommend the Saag Paneer and gulab jamun dessert. Beautiful, artistically made chandelier adds to the ambiance of the small, but boutique-like restaurant. Highly recommend for your next special occasion!
Well, the food is great BUT we made the mistake of going there last night to dine in. The maitre d sneered at us and delayed us while the owner moved her friends to the only table we could have sat at. When she walked by us she spoke to the maitre in Urdu/Hindi. So we walked out to be warmly welcomed elsewhere. We have gotten take out from here at least twice a minth for three years for a minimum of sixty dollars each time. That was my last visit AND my last ordering from there.
This place was so great! The food was delicious! I loved the chicken tikka masala and the vegetarian samosas were delicious too. The waiter was very nice and even though we arrived 20 minutes earlier than our reservation we were still seated right away. Definitely coming back here next time I am in the mood for Indian food.
The food was absolutely delicious and fresh.  The staff was attentive and friendly and our waiter made wonderful suggestions without being pushy.  I left completely stuffed, but eager to try more Indian restaurants in my own neck of the woods.  Not sure if any will be able to measure up, though!  The restaurant itself is very small and charming, perfect for a night out with someone special.  Unfortunately it doesn't seem like they can accommodate large groups, although we did see a table of 6 or 7 seated comfortably.  Reservations are a must.  Bring your appetite, and let your waiter guide you through the menu.  You won't be disappointed!
Some of the best Indian food I have ever had. Love the manchurian vegetables and if you can handle spicy food, get the Laal Maas Lamb
am.ma - noun.  In several Indian languages, a term used to address one's mother.As I was munching on my Lachha Paratha bread with Daal Makhani here last month, a strange thought crossed my mind--the Amma experience can be likened to several board and card games:o Uno: the server left out one item that I had ordered, on each of two separate occasions.  Quite like the 'Skip' card from Uno                 __________                |                        |__  Draw Two                |                        |     |__  Reverse                |      S K I P      |     |     |__  Wild                |                        |     |     |     |__  Wild Draw Four                |                        |     |     |     |     |__  +5                |__________ |     |     |     |     |     |__  +1                            |__________|     |     |     |     |     |                             |__________|     |     |     |     |                                   |__________|     |     |     |                                         |__________|     |     |                                                |_________ |     |                                                            |_________|o Rummy: the items don't have a standard look and feel.  I had to peek closely at my friend's food to figure out what it waso Scrabble: the prices vary across items more than in other Indian restaurants ($6 and $28 for example), as is the case with pieces in Scrabbleo Snakes and Ladders: you risk having your meal vitiated by a mediocre dessert (except the rasmalai), like that big, threatening snake at square 98 in the gameo Chess: you have to constantly strategize.  Would you order the Uthappam or the Bhel Puri? Depends on what they served you prior to thato Monopoly: often times you could end up in the "Go to Jail" square, when the Bhindi (okra) is cooked sub-optimally, for exampleo Sorry!: almost half-way into the meal, the wait staff came back to tell my friend they could not do one of his items, like the Sorry! card that sends you back to square zeroLike me, some day you would be stuck in the neighborhood of 51st Street (ugh!), and would choose Amma.  If you do, you are better off ordering familiar dishes--such as the Samosas, the Bhel Puri, Idly, regular Naans, the Daal Makhani and the Rasmalai, of course!  Several menu options, including Kararee Bhindi, the Manchurian Cauliflower, Kele Ka Kofta, all sound enticing.  But leave those for the experts to make.  You won't find them at this establishment.With a name like Amma, one would expect more.  But this Amma falls short, by very far.
Great food, a little small but still big from NYC standpoint. Good service.
When I went for dinner the service was awkward and not all that nice, but the food was decent.  But I think it's a great lunch deal. You get naan (bread), daal (lentils), rice, a vegetable of the day, and a vegetable you pick out along with different condiments. I think the lunch tasted better than the dinner, and it's practically two meals for $9.
I get delivery/takeout from here often. Highly recommend the Paneer Kundan Kaaliya entree and Spinach Chaat appetizer.
Amma is small, but cute and elegant. It holds a lot of sentimental value for my husband and me. This is where we had our first date seven years ago and we return annually to celebrate our "dating anniversary." Even after departure of Amma's star chef, Suvir Saran, we have found the food delicious.The last night, however, was somewhat disappointing, mainly due to ungracious and at times rude service. We arrived to the restaurant at 8:30pm. The place was full. We were surprised to see that they added a couple of extra tables to the already small space, making it even more cramped and causing the waiters to bump on the side of my chair at least twice on their way to other tables. We decided to try the six-course tasting menu, but the waiter who came to take our order passionately tried to dissuade us from it because "it is too much food" and "you will get full before you finish all the courses." I was taken aback and after I thanked him for the advice but pursuing the tasting menu anyway, he almost gave me an attitude, "if you so wish, but do not say I did not warn you." We largely enjoyed the food. Among the several courses, the lamb and the shrimp and chicken combination were the most successful. We also enjoyed the spinach chaat and seabass, but did not care much for the scallops. We picked a bottle of pino from Oregon to accompany our meal, although unlike in the past, the waiters did not make an effort to refill our wine glasses. This was not a big deal, but I know that some diners may have this expectation. The waiter did refill my glass of sparkling water with regular water, without an apology or an offer to get me a new glass when I pointed this out.Our check arrived WITH the dessert (around 10:10pm), which I found strange. At that point it became clear that they wanted us to leave soon. As we were eating the desert, the waiter came three times within a 10 minute time period to pick up my husband's credit card, which we did not provide because we did not want to settle our bill before we were done eating. This was very annoying,  presented  constant intrusion, and the sense of being rushed reallly impacted our experience. Our bill was settled around 10:25 and we were out of the door in a few minutes. I never in my life felt so rushed toward the end of the meal. Not quite the romantic experience that we were looking for. Next year, we will probably go to Devi.
Fellas, if you have an Indian Food loving woman in your life--take her here immediately.  Amma is the perfect date restaurant.   The ambiance is perfect.  The dimly lit interior is small and intimate.  You'll feel comfortable here, even if you are seated in the narrow corridor off to the left.Every time I've eaten at Amma, my dinner has always started with a complimentary welcome from the kitchen.  This gives me the opportunity to try something that I probably wouldn't have if I had to pay for it.  More often than not, this expands my love of Indian food.My favorite dishes here are the Tandoori Sea Bass, Paneer Kundan Kaaliya and, of course, the Chicken Makhani.  I always order the trio of Veggie Samosas to start.  Don't fill up on appetizers and bread though!  This takes discipline.I am impressed by Amma's wine selection and was happy to see that they had a few of my favorites.  Any restaurant that has Margaux on the wine list is top notch in my books!
Cozy little Indian spot, food was on point and the service was great, the staff is friendly. I made reservations here, but I guess they don't quite have their online reservation system down yet, since we had to wait another half hour after our reservation was made to be seated.
Me and my girl friends went eat there last night for restaurant week menu. The restaurant week menu was amazing. Since we have 4 people, so basically we tried almost everything. Just want to share =)Peas soup taste much better than Amma salad.Appetizer, we try all...Favorite was rawa chaat(semolina puff with potato)Less favorite was spinach chat (bean salad)Main course, we had...Sea bass, little spicyChicken breast, mildLamb curry, very very spicyshrimp, little spicyOur favorite was Laal Maas Lamb (Lamb curry)Desserts, we order one each...Semolina Pudding, taste unique...like malai cake and not big fancarrot Pudding, not big fan of carrot Mango cheese cake, just cheese cakeKulfi (ice cream), creamy! taste very unique and hard to word it!Our favorite was unique ice creamOpen a bottle of red wine for 42 dollars and goes with everything.Service was excellent excellent, very friendly and helpful.We will definitely return =)
I have been to Amma a number of times and each time the experience has been memorable.  All of the food we have had there has been exceptional - never disappointed. The service is very professional and the servers make excellent recommendations.  And you are never rushed through the meal.  There is a surprisingly big wine list as well as wines by the glass.  Because Amma is an upscale Indian restaurant and therefore more expensive than your basic Indian restaurant (but worth every penny!) we usually only go for special occasions, like birthdays.  But I highly recommend this restaurant, birthday or no birthday!
Legit Indian Food. Clean, authentic, and tasty. I get delivery from them often and even pay the extra fee to have them deliver outside their delivery zone. Everything is just great. Reasonable pricing and the staff is quite sociable. I generally get their yellow lentil and vegetable biryani. I have had their fish and chicken dishes as well and recall being quite pleased with the taste and presentation.
My wife and I had dinner here on a Monday night. The place has a really small sign out front so it was a bit hard to find from the street. The entrance also takes you straight into the dining room. Despite being quite busy we were seated promptly when we arrived.The food was excellent and we'll definitely eat there again next time we're in NY.
I'm not a huge fan of Indian food and wouldn't say I know much about it. However, here's the opinion of someone who came here just to try something different... I was pleasantly surprised at the unique combinations of flavor that I would normally think I'd hate. Some of the dishes were quite spicy, but not the type of spicy that closes your throat up and makes your eyes water, just the type of spicy that makes you get hot and somewhat sweaty. I thought the amount of dishes they brought out for the price was great! I was so full I could barely eat my dessert. The staff was very friendly and took the time to explain each dish and what it was made of. The restaurant itself is an apartment converted into a restaurant. Although the space is fairly small, I did not feel uncomfortable while seated. However, if you come in before your table is ready, the staff may ask you to wait outside or inside, right by the door (this appeared to be uncomfortable for the people waiting, because you feel like either all eyes are on you, or like you're towering over someone's table and breathing into their food). It was also difficult to figure out how to get into the place. Although the name of the restaurant is on the outside, we were unsure of where the entrance to the restaurant was, because the door just looked like an ordinary door into someone's apartment. We knocked to have someone let us in. Something different from your norm, which not uncommon for NYC.
Amma is an upscale Indian restaurant, and though I'm not sure how authentic the food is, it's still quite good.  As mentioned by the other reviewers, service at Amma is excellent, and the waiters are quick to refill your water and change your plates.For dinner I had the trio of samosas and the lamb with spinach.  I didnt find the food to be as greasy as it can be at some Indian restaurants.  And for dessert, I enjoyed the kulfi (Indian flavored ice cream) - which I would definitely recommend!
Went here twice now. It seemed better the first time. The fried Okra dish is delicious. But everything else is okay, not very flavorful. I'm Indian and Sri Lankan and I don't think I'll go back here again. I've had much better Indian food else where.
Amma is my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC.  It's fresh, delicious, and the service is excellent. They will customize your meal if you ask them - for instance, we had Saag (spinach w/paneer) which we wanted spicy so they added green chilis. Chicken Korma isn't on the menu, but they made it for me.  One of my favorite discoveries was the very thinly sliced fried okra; on the side, it's a great accompaniment to your dish. Desserts are tasty too.  We had the Gulab Jamun (cheese balls in honey) and they were warm and satisfying.The only gripe I have is that it feels a bit cramped inside, and I wish it were a bit less expensive at night.  Prices are high (for Indian), but you won't leave feeling hungry. Dinner for two can run around $100, however, note that they do have an awesome lunch deal -- around $10 for a large platter w/nan, rice, veggie, and entree.
We love the Amma vegetarian lunchbox -- Two curries (one special of the day, and the other your choice from a goodly array), dal, nan (we ask for and ger roti, instead) and basmati rice. Lovely flavors, and all for 10 bucks -- a bargain.
They serve the standard Indian food along with a couple unique dishes, like the jackfruit curry and the baby eggplant curry. The food was pretty good but they could have been more creative with the menu. A couple next to us were having the tasting menu and it looked pretty delicious, so we are thinking of trying it out sometime.
I enjoyed the food at Amma.  The standout was the high quality proteins used in the cooking.  Most Indian places use less than stellar ingredients because the cooking is infused with butter and cream so no one really notices.  I had the chicken tikka masala and it was prepared with white meat and was perfectly tender.  My other main dish was lamb and it was great.  The decor is nice, more upscale than your average Indian joint.  Unfortunately the service was over the top - way too enthusiastic and intrusive.  When I sat down multiple people asked me if I wanted to order a bottle of wine or have a drink.  Then I felt like the waiter was trying to sell me every item on the menu.  Would you like wine?    Would you like an appetizer special?  Would you like to try our lamb special?   Would you like a side of yogurt sauce with your chicken?  Would you like more beer?  Would you like more rice?  Would you like desert?  Would you like a drink with your desert?  It quickly became annoying.
I did not love you, Amma. I enjoyed and appreciated the service. The food, however, was not my fave. Chicken tikka, standard. Not even gonna go into detail. It was average. Your spicy lamb dish. Too little meat and every other bite was a cardamom seed. Yuck. Your cauliflower dish was the sweetest thing I've seen since apple pie. What happened? Nothing savory about it. The highlight of the night was the shredded okra. Get that! I will pass on this place next time I'm in NY. Sorry amma.
good appetizers, food is average. The place is overrated, esp if you are an indian and know how good real indian food is. Service is good and there are plenty of options.
I've only had delivery but the food is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! Much better than any regular Indian I've had. The only thing is, they don't mark the level of spice on the menu, and the cauliflower dish I had was ON FIRE, almost to the point where I couldn't eat it. But the flavor was out of this world.
3.5 stars** Food quality: 4.5 stars. Creative, high quality, excellent** Food diversity: 4 stars. Standard Indian + creative Indian. Rare to find a solid blend of both.** Prices: 3 stars. Too high for what you get to be honest** Service: 3 stars. Sometimes excellent, sometimes terrible, 1 star averaged with 5 stars = 3 stars. But a huge standard deviation.Ambiance: 3 stars. The place is a bit cramped. The entrance is hard to find. The door is in, as another reviewer said "actually within what looks like a residential building". Kinda kills the buzz if you are bringing a date here (I am speculating. I am married and did not bring a date when I visited).Overall, my weighted average of all of the above nets 3.5 stars. If you say "well look I want amongst the best Indian food, and short of it being $60 a person or something, I don't care about the price and the service/ambiance isn't that important, just give me really good food" --- come here right away.
My wife and I like to try new restaurants every time we visit Manhattan.  That being said, we tried Amma last year and both agreed that a repeat trip was in order.  Excellent Bhindi, Palak Paneer and Chicken Tikka!  Impeccable service and personal attention!  We will be back!
I go back to Amma like a baby would to his amma.  On this trip, it was well past 10 pm, and I was at Newark with a friend, who wanted Indian food.  Not knowing what to do, I called up Amma and asked if they were open, and they do close at 10:30.  Newark is about 30 mins away by train, best case.  After a lot of hustling, we were in a cab in Manhattan at 10:25, and the restaurant called me and said that I should order, so I hurriedly ordered a number of dishes.  We arrived at 10:35, got seated, and had a bottle of wine and some wonderful food.  The staff were very nice and patient.  Since we were hungry, we didn't waste much time in finishing up our food, and certainly since it was so tasty, we didn't have a need to waste anything.  Yet again, Amma.
Indeed one of the best Indian restaurants I've been too. The food is excellent if you enjoy flavorful and spicy cuisine! I'll be back many more times!
Just dined there with three food writers.  The service was pushy and pompous!  The highly recommended chicken dish, was more or less salted grilled chicken.  We all found it very expensive, bland and uneventful.  I would never go back, unless I was stranded in the 50's, and wanted to spend another $50 for a plate of chicken and rice.To top it off, the waiter added a 20% tip on a table of five.  That was a first.  We all laughed, but paid it anyway.  Save your $ and go downtown for good Indian with good ambience and a fair price.
Love this place! Amma offers flavorful, diverse menu options from both northern and southern Indian cuisine and a classy interior that is suitable for both low-key business lunches and dinners with friends. Medium pricing and excellent lunch specials ($8-10). Good for vegetarians.
Found Amma via Yelp on a recent trip to NYC. We found the food to be really something special. The service was slow at first, but once we adjusted to the pace - it was great. I love the way they serve groups, including dividing each dish table-side as well as making sure that all entrees arrive at the same time (not something I have experienced at many Indian restaurants). I would certainly return for special-occasion Indian at Amma!
Beets Croquette Nor hell a fury like a woman scorned - William Congreve.  My personal corollary to this famous line is:  Hell has no fury like a diner denied free food. The customary and complimentary papadum somehow skipped our table to turn up at the next; my quick temper was incensed by such unforgivable neglect, regardless of the intention of the diner (no particular interest in the papadum).  However, the unprofessional oversight was quickly forgotten - for this diner with an insectile attention span (a.k.a. attention deficit in humans) - by the timely arrival of beet croquette (Did I hear the server correctly? Beets and beetles seemed equally possible, coming from the rolling foreign tongue, while the latter candidate posed a slighter more provocative option). A tentative bite released the hot earthy steam for the petite beet croquette and revealed the beet's characteristic burned magenta. Perfectly crispy and light, the first offering passed the threshold of non-greasy.  Konkan Prawn Masala (Kalvan) Our professional waiter with a firm opinion - a good thing when you actually want them, instead of noncommittal or commitment-phobic "Everything on the menu is good" - said this was his favorite dish.  Several large prawns were nestled in a light but spicy curry.  The sweet and tangy flavor that might have come from tamarind worked well with the heat, while restrained use of coconut further mellowed out the fire without bringing heaviness to the plate. The prawns could have been a little fresher - as most seafood can in general in New York - but that might be asking too much.Tandoori Grilled Sea Bass with Mint Rice How Amma's chef grilled this impossibly flaky and delicate fish on a skewer in the tandoor oven without the fish falling off into the flame will perhaps deserve a whole chapter, and I would like to know how.  The multi-layered flavor was powerful and intoxicating: The mild and buttery fish was accentuated by the acidic tomato and pungent cumin and coriander, while the slight char from the tandoor made the dish even more savory.  As for its minty companion, despite leaning dangerously toward being greasy on my intolerance scale, the mint rice pulled through mainly by its refreshing scent and by its small ration. There were probably enough herbs and spices in this special of the day to open up a corner store, but the rice and the fish collaborated surprisingly amicably on the plate, while they did not necessarily augment the flavors by the presence of each other. Bagharey Baingan (stuffed baby eggplant, spicy peanut-curry leaf sauce)Stuffed with what I have no idea, but the plump baby eggplants were cooked in a thick curry to the exact point where they were soft and yet still firm, instead of falling into a sorry soggy mush. The curry had an unusual twist, which I attributed to the mysterious curry leaf. Kararee Bhindi (crispy tangy okra, tomatoes and red onions)An innovative and interesting concept, but I am not sure if the time and energy exerted in slicing up the okras would be justified. Despite my abhorrence toward excessive use of oil, which was strongly communicated to our waiter, he recommended this signature dish: It was oily, which did not surprise anyone because shredded and battered vegetables were meant to absorb frying oil (unless one is willing to apprentice oneself to those monkish Japanese tempura masters for a good part of their youth to learn how to fry in oil but not to be fried in oil). The vinegar and red onions all tried to help and did their very best, but the more I ate the more oil congealed at the bottom of my stomach. Lachha ParathaFluffy and layered bread is my choice of Indian bread nowadays, over my previous allegiance toward nan. Amma's paratha was lean, light and fluffy; however, for layered bread, I do like my fat in order to achieve the truly distinct and separate layers. Basmati Rice (spiced with whole garam masala) Simply flavored with garam masala without any other unnecessary embellishments, the aromatic simple rice served all the dishes as an unobtrusive but amiable and able companion. Gulab Jamun (fried cheese balls in honey syrup)Two elongated balls were fried to attain a nice shell on the outside - undiminished even by the syrup - and melting hot burst of fragrant milkiness inside. Although I did not taste the honey, the sweetness of the syrup was reined in, for which I was grateful, several steps before reaching the customary deathly liquid sugar. All in all, it was not a dessert that you would remember next year, yet it was a nice enough way to sweeten the mouth at the end of a pleasant meal. ChaiAppallingly vacant and devoid of spices, the watery, runny, luke-warm and murky brown liquid shocked us from a spicy daydream filled with maharajas and glittering jewels into the harsh reality of East 51st Street, New York.
compact, tight, anemic, average service, anemic portions, average taste, overrated, expensive. Suggest try vermillion on lexington and 46th- likely to be delighted.
Decent Indian food. They are on seamless web and we like to order delivery from here.Return ? Yes Frequency ? Occasionally
I called and specifically asked for  the chicken korma to be mild. They lost my order and I had to give it a second time and emphasized mild once again. The dish could not have been more spicy and tasted like no other korma dish I have ever had. It was terrible!!! The rice was under cooked in a bad way. I will not give this restaurant another try.
Some of the best Indian food I've ever had! Definitely a couple steps above cauldrons of the usual sloppy deliciosness smothered in creamy sauce. Amma was sophisticated without putting on airs. The dining room is quite small, most likely used to be the living room of a ground floor apartment. Everything we ordered was amazing. My favorites were the Goan shrimp appetizer (VERY spicy) and the mango cheese cake. Will definitely be going back.
Why do restaurateurs make you suffer for not having a reservation? I'd rather be turned away. Unfortunately, we were taken to the "pound puppy" table for two in the narrow hallway where waiters tried their best not to run into one another in this tiny eatery. But who cares? We were there to eat. As we sat down, the lights suddenly dimmed to one step darker than candlelight. I tried to adjust the bizarre little light hanging overhead and the owner (?) scolded me for touching their very "expensive" lighting fixture (read: IKEA). I asked her to bring up the lights a bit so I could read my menu...which she did, grudgingly, only to discover a greatly soiled cardboard menu. ewwww.The waiter, who was a very nice guy named "Ricky", made some suggestions but seemed so very disappointed that I ordered "lightly" and kept muttering "that's ALL you want??" I was not that hungry and did not need a platter of food that I had no intention of finishing. (I deplore wasting food...and I am not a big fan of leftovers). I ordered two appetizers and the hub order an entree (Laukee Ke Kofte) which he thought was just okay. Although stylishly prepared, my appetizers were bland (Spinach Chaat) and Lamb ke Parchae (rubbery strips of Lamb in an "onion bowl.")If you are charging this much for food, everything on the menu needs to be wonderful...you cannot get customers to return once they have had a bad dining experience....especially in NYC.
This is definitely my favorite indian restaurant in the city. Food might not be the best, a 3 at best. but it's so clean and doesn't make you smell like you spent some time in a curry steam room - 4! Final rating: 3.5 stars.
After eating at many Indian restaurants in NYC, I would say that Amma is one of my favorite!Amma is more of an upscale Indian place with a cozy, chill, dimmed light, probably good for a dinner date type of atomosphere.  The price can get a bit expensive if you're used to the usual curry in a hurry take-out type of places.  Although I will say that the price you pay is totally worth it if you love Indian cusine.  Don't you think it's time to upgrade your Indian food game?The bad news is that I forgot what I ordered except for the Mango Lassi (of course) and my favorite Lamb Korma as the main dish due to words I've never seen before lol, but it was good!  Ahh, I'm sure that everything here is good.
I'm a big fan of Indian food and think this is probably one the best places for Indian in midtown, and a likely top 5 choice within NYC.   Me and a few coworkers came here for a Holidays lunch to celebrate.... started off with garlic Naan and 2 sauces, brown and green (green was very delicious), had Cochin Crab Cakes for appetizers, and Chicken Tikka Masala for entree.  My coworkers happened to order the same, and we all agreed everything was awesome!  We had to make reservations during lunch and the restaurant was very packed,but our service couldnt be better as our water was being filled every minute or so and they asked a few times if everything was ok with our food.  I'm not sure how much the bill eventually came to since we were treated, but it was a great overall dining experience with very quality yummy Indian food.
Amma has a talent for garbanzo, flexing the subtle strength of mulligatawny and masala. The spice balance of fragrant rice and dal is masterful. Their lunch menu is light on the linen pocket and if you can overlook the curt service there are many enjoyable meals to be had here.
One of my favorite Indian places in the City.  I love the service, the food, the decor, everything!I especially like that they have Indo-chinese dishes, like the fried cauliflower in red sauce.  Amazing stuff!
Great service, great staff and the food was delightful, best Indian restaurant in NYC in my opinion
We made a reservation at Amma during Restaurant Week.  That said, we knew going into it not to have high expectations....boy, were we blown away by not only the food but the stellar, attentive service!We started with the Tomato Rasam and Mughlai Chicken Shorba soups.  The tomato soup had a wonderful afterburn and a terrific layering of flavors.  The chicken soup was good, but lacked any real flavor other than chicken.  We chose the Cochin Crab Cakes (chef spices and ginger infused golden crusted patties) and Kesari Malai Tikka (chicken breast in saffron yogurt marination) appetizers and both were just wonderful.  The crab cakes were light and packed with crab flavor and the malai chicken had a nice delicate flavor.For our main course, we chose Stuffed Chicken Breast (garam masala, paneer onion tomato sauce) and Tandoori Lamb Chops (ginger garlic yogurt marination); both were served with naan, raita, Manchurian cauliflower and jackfruit biryani.  The raita was fantastic!  I really enjoyed the subtle spicing of the chicken and while I did not prefer the lamb (I just don't really like the flavor of some of the gamier meats) my beau declared it delicious.  The other standout was the Manchurian cauliflower...we are always trying to come up with new and interesting preparations for cauliflower and this one was amazing!We finished our meal with a trio of Kulfi and the mango cheesecake.  I am a self-declared cheesecake connoisseur and the mango cheesecake was divine.  The Kulfis were good as well, there was a trio of original (pistachio) flavor, strawberry and mango.  While the fruit flavors were nice, I really loved the pistachio best.  We paired our meal with the optional wine flight which included a white, a red and a dessert wine.  The staff was unfailingly gracious and attentive, and we truly felt as though we were their top priority.  I would highly recommend Amma for great upscale Indian food.
I can not remember having better Indian food.  The ingredients tasted very fresh and all our dishes were very good.  Not greasy, no layer of oil you sometimes find on the top cheap Indian.  Prices were reasonable for the quality and location.
This place has ruined all other Indian restaurants for me! Granted, there isn't much to choose from in South Florida, where I live, but I know I will definitely be going back to Amma on my next NYC trip!
Some of the best Indian food I have eaten.  This is a unique place tucked away in Midtown Manhattan and I have made it a point to visit this place every time I come into the city.   They have some unique twists on traditional dishes like the Lamb Pasanda which is served as part of the lunch menu and consists of a Lamb kabob stuffed with apricots, grilled to perfection and then simmered in a spicy Pansanda gravy.  I have been her numerous times for both lunch and dinner and will continue to visit this place.
to start with....indian food SHOULD NOT be this expensive.  the portions were pretty sizable but you are paying for them!   i ordered ...butter chicken - $17saag with paneer - $14garlic naan - $4mango cheesecake - $9mango lassi - $5 the taste of everything was pretty good.  the spinach in the saag was not to mushy it even maybe tasted fresh (if that is possiable for boiled spinach).  the butter chicken was not a creamy as I've had it at other places but the spices were good.  however next time i would not order the cheesecake because it was $9 for a cheesecake the size of a muffin... also the crust was not very good b/c it was mushy.  the garlic naan was pretty small so if you love naan get two of them.  Luckily i ordered delivery from seamlessweb and they had 20% off... so my total with tax/tip/referall discount everything  = $47.88.  however it would have been $64 --- wayy not worth it.  Overall the quality of the food here is good and i would eat here again if it was on someone else's tab but i'd think twice before paying by myself.
went there today for lunch for restaurant week and the food was seriously AMAZING! I don't usually write reviews but the food was seriously that good.  Me and the bf decided to take full advantage of restaurant week and this was the 3rd restaurant we tried and it was undoubtedly the best.  Whoever posted saying that the food wasn't outstanding must've ordered the wrong thing or caught them on an off day b/c the food was soo flavorful...not to mention they didn't skimp on the portions like most restaurants do for restaurant week.  Everything from the soup to the dessert was wonderful and its a steal at 24.07 for  4 course meal. If you're going to try any restaurant for restaurant week--go here!! btw, you mustt try the chilli shrimp appetizer, seabass main course, and chicken soup! sooo goood
Say hello to new Indian dishes nestled amongst a few American favorites. Hats off to Amma for venturing beyond the restaurant kitchen to mommy's cupboards and stovetop to offer dishes such as bhaigan banghare and achari chicken. Their chicken is succulent and speaks of high quality. The vegetarian dishes will delight a vegetarian who wants to break away from their usual humdrum. I would say their kofta needs more zucchini and less potato.The palak chat, though probably featuring some of the best layers of crunchy spinach does need a litte more omph in the dressing of the mung beans. I do appreciate the trickery of that dish because they have to balance flavor with the battle of seasonings that make things soggy.Intrigued by the descriptions? Save for a treat and head over to Amma's dining room.
This place is amazing. Went there last night, Bibek took excellent care of us, if you are not sure what to get ask him! Try the fried Okra. You will not regret it.
Ordered off seamless so cant speak for the service/ambiance but the food is delicious. Butter chicken was awesome--tender chicken and delicious sauce. I've never had a bad samosa anywhere; these were good but nothing special about them though the green sauce it came with was great. Garlic naan was very good too, though I like it slightly crispier/more well done. Overall though it was very very delicious and would recommend to anyone.
Great Indian food, reasonably price, nice ambiance. Service is always pleasant and accommodating. Great for lunch meetings or a early romantic dinner. Vegetable samosas, mango lassies and jalfrezi (my fav staple Indian dish), but the staff are great at making suggestions or just surprising you with great braised mini lamb chops with great seasoning.
Excellent service, the manager was welcoming, free appetizers were offered. Delicious chicken Tikka
Wonderful , wonderful restaurant....we tried this place  when we were in the city during the winter holidays for dinner.... & could'nt wait to go back again. We did so this spring break....& their lunch options were even better if possible. Best Chicken Reshmi Kebab in the world....I've never tasted anything like it even in India & i should know, being born & brought up there :) . The chicken simply melted in our mouths. If you are in New york & are a fan of Indian food...you have got to check Amma out. Their service is wonderful too....My daughter ,7...has named this her most favourite restaurant in NYC.The space is tight & a tad cramped...but hey ..its NYC...what else do you expect :)
Amma means "mother," but is distinctly orange.  I dunno about you, but my mother wasn't orange.  However, there is a nice little picture of Indian woman in the center of the restaurant that looks like the sketches my father used to make of my mother, and that is cool.   So are the hanging wire lights, especially the ones that make a chandelier.  And so is the chicken tikka masala.  Actually that's served warm, but anyway...It's a very small restaurant on 51st street that actually seems to be part of an apartment complex- and in fact it looks like it might've been a railroad apartment converted to a dining space.  In spite of its small size, the flavors are huge.  Nothing on this menu is "americanized" in terms of spiciness and flavor, just like my amma makes it.The dal makhani is creamy and tasty, the nan bread is perfectly fluffy and warm.  There's a bunch of interesting appetizers- I really like the spinach and potato fritters.  But would I be nuts to say this is the best Chicken Tikka Masala in New York?  A perfect combination of butter and spice make up the fantastic gravy, with cubes of tender, boneless chicken.  This place was do good it made me want to call my mom aftewards.So I did.
love this place!!! Crispy okra and vegetarian samosas are great!!
The restaurant is in the first floor of a brownstone.  It's like walking into someone's house when you open the door, it's just like a house door.The decor is very charming and lovely I have to admit. However, I think you're paying for the decor, not necessarily the food.  The food is not bad but I personally don't think it's really worth paying twice as much as what I usually pay for decent Indian food.
Amma rocks. I had the lunch special with the spinace and potato cakes and lamb vindaloo (for $11.95!!!!) and my wife went off the main menu and had the dum aloo and vegetable samosas.I am a bengali raised in NYC and am always disappointed in Indian/Pakistani/Bangladeshi restaurants because they server almost all stuff my Amma (mother) wouldn't be caught dead serving. The flavors from place to place get muddled and I can tell the dishes are not made with too much care.Amma is different. The samosas weren't the typical mush of potatoes and peas, there were three different kinds - spinach, potatoes, and peas only. All very food. The lamb vindaloo was spicy - like in every other place - but it also had a tangy flavor that was different that I tasted anywhere else. I love super HOT food, but I need more than heat - and this place delivered. The dum aloo was great as was everything else served - the nan was as expected (warm and fresh), the dal perfectly cooked and spiced perfectly.It looks like the owners are trying to not be the typical inidian joint and not push the enevelope into some strange new world mix of inidan and --insert other food type here--. It's the usual indian fare with some carefully crafted touches that makes it better.This is my faviorite indian place now. And really - for $11.95 the lunch special kicks the living day lights out of what every other indian place offers (be it an all you can eat buffet or some other discounted rate). It's a lot of food too.My only grip is the regular menu is priced kind of high - but it's only a minor grip, this is NYC afterall and they are in a brownstone (can't be cheap). $13-$20+ for an indian entree (regular menu) is steep.But, this place was worth it. I'm going back for sure!For those of you looking for other details - service is good - not fantastic, but very good and very friendly. My wife and I stopped by with a couple of large bags. They were very friendly and checked everything in for us with a smile. The wait staff was attentive and courteous. The place isn't too large, but it the tables are spaced out enough so not everyone is on top of each other. We were seated in the corner, which was nice.
Amma was an adorable gem of an Indian restaurant, the waitstaff was exceptionally friendly and helpful, and the food was delicious. My only wish was that the portions were a bit bigger. Order the Mango lassi when you go, it's simply fabulous :)
Typed in Indian restaurants in the hood and Amma came up first so we gotta try it! Always passed by this place but didn't know it existed till yelp brought us there one chilly night. The main door is kinda tricky but ones inside you're like in an "Indian wonderland" very serene and i'm not sure if i was hallucinating but i thought the staff walked in slow motion in accordance to their calm atmosphere... I took the recommendation of the waiter and trusted he'd recommend a great dish but my lamb dish contained that orange seed that was disgusting and I kept chewing it! After few spoonful and tons of orange seed I have to push my dish away, I couldn't take the smell and the after taste! have to admit that they gave me new idea on how to cook okra though. With our experience, this place is just ok.
Amma is not your average Indian take-out place.  It is definitely on the more expensive side, as far as Indian food is concerned.  However, it's definitely worth the price!!  The restaurant has a very warm, comfy setting, with dimmed lights.  The music in the background is smooth and relaxing, and could remind you of a nice spa.  I had the apricot stuffed lamb fillet with potato paratha bread, and a glass of German riesling.  My friend had chicken for main course, and it was SPICY!!  It would be perfect for you spicy food lovers out there.One thing I have an issue with is that Amma closes quite early (their kitchen closes at 10PM-ish).   We were rushed to palce an order, as soon as we were seated at around 9:30PM.
We had the food once 2 years ago and decided to try again. What terrible service! I only live 12 blocks away nad they would not deliver. They are clearly not interested in keeping repeat customers. I'm sorry I had ever eaten here, and I'm Indian.
This is a terrific Indian restaurant in all respects.  The food is both authentic and innovative.  The service is top notch and we always feel warmly welcomed when we dine at Amma.  The wine list is very well chosen and well suited for a restaurant that serves highly flavored and at times spicy food.  The only negative is its location being between first and second avenues--but this is why it still a hidden gem for you to enjoy.  Definitely order the spinach chai with mung beans and the okra--these dishes are not to be missed.
Thanks to yelp we found this restaurant. We read what many had said about it before. It was not at all bad as they said. The staff really tried their best to serve. The food was really quick on the table and everything we had was delicious. We had different chicken dishes. We are three in the family with one son 11 yrs old, he also liked the food. The venue is really cosy and it is nice to find kind of a neighbourhood restaurant when you are tourist I'm town. They even had good choice of wines.
High quality, refined Indian restaurant. Excellent food, wine and service, very pleasant atmosphere. Would be happy to go back
This was our first visit to Amma and we were delighted. We invited out of town visitors for dinner based on good reviews we'd seen, one a native of Gujurat, so we were very pleased to find that the food was both authentic and delicious. We shared all vegetarian dishes and they were uniformly tasty, especially the spinach chaat and dum aloo (a stuffed potato dish). We didn't have room for dessert but the food paired well with a terrific and reasonably priced pinot noir.  I'm looking forward to returning to try some of the non-vegetarian dishes.  Seating is just a bit cramped and it's somewhat noisy, but not so much that you cannot converse with your dining companions.
I've been eating at Amma since we moved to the area in 2006. Back then, Amma was Turtle Bay's best kept Indian secret. Little has changed in three years' time in way of the decor-- its dimly lit space is still comforting; the couches and chairs upholstered with earthy tones, and the giant modern art entanglement of lights still hangs from the ceiling near the entrance. Larger tables and couches near the front will accommodate larger parties while tables seating two in a corridor will do for more private meals. In way of the food, the prices have gone up since the restaurant's popularity grew, but are worth it if you like Indian cuisine. Either I or my mother has tried almost every single dish on the menu, and you pretty much can't go wrong. Off the top of my head, some of our favorites include: Appetizers- Grilled mushrooms, potato and spinach cakes, bhel puri (this, in particular, is excellent)Entrees- Chicken tikka masala (my personal favorite), tandoori grilled lamb chops (my other favorite-- sometimes undercooked, but the mango chutney is delicious), tandoori grilled sea bassVegetarian- Crispy okra, spinach saag. Amma's rice is never dry and always aromatic, but the quality of their naan has fluctuated over the years. I used to love their naan- it was puffy, fresh, and generously portioned, which offset the hefty price tag ($4 for plain, as compared to $1 in Jackson Heights). Recently, however, Amma's naan has been thin, insufficiently chewy, and generally uninspired. I hope this changes soon. As the food is so filling, we've rarely had room for dessert.I'm unsure about Amma's wine selection since I'm not of drinking age, but they make an excellent mango lassi, which is expensive ($4.50), so ask for it without ice. This place is expensive for Indian food, but serves up a great lunch special which includes an appetizer (sometimes a few) and an entree for about $12. Amma's owners, a middle-aged Indian couple, are always gracious and will even give you free appetizers once you get to know them. However, the rest of the staff has been inconsistent through the years. While Amma is a small restaurant, it can get quite crowded and the promptness of service will understandably slow. However, there is no excuse for failing to listen to a customer when it's not rush hour-- I recall a specific incident (actually, there have been a few) where we asked for food doggy bagged and the waiter erred-- one time packing a lamb chop bone instead of the one with meat on it, another time mixing rice, curry and chicken tikka masala together in one container when we specifically asked for them separate. That's not really cool. Despite its apparent lack of quality control in both staffing and product over the years, I'd say Amma is worth a try. After all, the food is always piping hot and elegantly presented, and the space is nice-- the latter two criteria are rarely found in authentic Indian establishments in, say, Queens. I've heard friends swear that Amma's the best Indian food in New York. Be sure to make a reservation if you come for dinner.
I have to admit, I am weary of North Indian's making South Indian food, and Hindus making "Muslim" food, so I have to admit I had my doubts about North Indian Hindus making South Indian Muslim food. But it turned out to be really good.  The chef has a very good understanding of a balance of spices (especially when there are like 20 spices in a dish) as opposed to heat.I still miss Chicago, but for New York, this is as good as it gets when it comes to Indian food.   Although, my dad was pretty shocked at what I paid.  Some of the dishes are very creative, others are home cooking. Still, you can't get food like this everywhere in New York and my tiny kitchen isn't a place I can easily cook this kind of food, so I felt it was worth it. Finally, I was surprised that the waiter didn't know that Bagarey Baigan is supposed to be eaten with Dum Biryani.  Those two items are separate on the menu for some reason, which is strange.  The idea of eating Bagarey Baigan with naan is extremely strange.  So 3 stars instead of 4, for not having that grouping.
Yummy! We ordered Indian from a few other places before finding Amma. Finally, we found a great place. We ordered on line and the food came in less than a half hour. We ordered chicken tikka (comes with rice, chutney and raita) and garlic naan. The food was spicy and delicious like it should be! -Not too greasy either. My only complaint is that the portions seemed smaller than what we are used to. I wanted more, which is a good thing! We'll order from here again.
I want to give this restaurant a better rating, but HeeBee's review is right: this is a 2-star restaurant if you end up in the dog pound.  There were plenty of open tables throughout our meal in the main dining room, however we were seated in the dark and un-elegant hallway.Is it because we came without a reservation?  Is it because my guest is African American?  Whatever the reason, they chose to put us at one of their bad tables, and it wasn't because the better seating was unavailable.The food was good - although not amazing - and not commensurate with the steep prices.  3 stars in the main dining room, 2 stars in the dog pound.
This is definitely the best Indian I've had in the city, and also one of the best restaurants I've been to in terms of service. From the very beginning the waiter (Bibek) made us feel welcome, and he suggested a tasting menu tailored to our spice tolerances and tastes, as well as wine within a specified price range. We had 3 appetizers (a delicious lamb kati roll, a flash fried crunchy roll and the one with mint-cilantro or tamarind sauce. The main course included spicy lamb, chicken tikka masala and fish, with generous portions of naan and rice. All the dishes had a perfect balance of strong flavor and spicyness, and we both felt satisfied but not stuffed. The spicy lamb entree was our favorite, overall.  We had an overall wonderful evening, enjoying the ambiance and the friendliness and attentiveness of Bibek and of the whole serving staff. I would strongly recommend this restaurant for those of you who don't mind spending a little extra to get quality Indian food and quality service.
let me start by saying that I'm used to a few different Indian restaurants in my area that I love, and this is because they are able to make the food mild. I chose Amma for my mom and i to go to when visiting NYC because of all the great reviews here. It's definitely a cute little restaurant in a nice section of nyc. small and cozy and the staff gets 5 stars, they were so attentive and nice without being overbearing. The food was a bit too spicy for both of us though. The chicken makhni has always been in a mild butter sauce at other places, but here it was quite spicy which i don't care for. this may have to do with the seasonal aspect or maybe its more traditional indian then im used to. It was also quite pricey. dessert was delicious , the pistaschio rice pudding and was served beautifully with Ama written in syrup. great chai as well
Delicious authentic Indian food! Everything from the appetizers to the dessert was perfect! Romantic cozy atmosphere and very friendly staff. Highly recommend!
This is expensive indian food, but really really good.   The restaurant week menu was excellent, and so were the dishes on the regular menu.  While I didn't find the service particularly stellar (actually, I thought he might have been a bit rude), I may have just misunderstood his intentions.  Apparently, they also gave my friend, who was not ordering off the resturant week menu, extra dishes to keep up with my 4 courses.  For that alone, I'd give an extra star.I've never eaten off a restaurant week menu and been this full.  Will definitely return.
I really like the food here. The quality is good (so it should be due to the high prices).... but the service here is definitely poor. They really don't understand customer service and loyalty. I one time got delivery and it took them 3hours (no joke) and I told seamless and they waived it for me. The next day I got a call from Amma complaining saying that they can't survive giving free food blah blah blah. I was shocked. First, it was a $25 meal, get over it. Second, your food was delivered cold and Third it was over 2 hours late... You really expect me to pay for that? I was shocked. I almost wanted to stop eating there but its one of the better ones in midtown and I love Indian food so I can't stop. Since then, they haven't been late but they did call me to make sure I don't try and get free food again haha. Unbelievable.. They just don't get what service is...I told them don't deliver it 2hours late and I'll be happy to pay. And so they did.
Best Indian in NYC.  Very friendly and they'll do spicy upon request.  Great tadka daal, okra and juiciest chicken you'll ever taste.  Chicken saag is best I've ever had and my guest loved a lamb dish with apricot.  Attentive service for a reasonable price.
Love love love this place! My boyfriend and I  have been here about 4x... Every time the service is consistently excellent and we love the food. Garlic naan, shrimp appetizer, I get the spicy coconut chicken breast.... The restaurant is kind of small, but has a great ambiance, dimly lit and romantic.
Great Indian restaurant!!!!The lunch special is really good value!!!! The sauce is fantastic!!!!
This is really good Indian food! Like the real deal! We had naan and paneer naan, a side of cauliflower, lamb vindaloo and the chicken in a spicy coconut sauce (I cant remember the name).  The raita with the the fried okra was a perfect accompaniment to the meal.  The vindaloo was spicy without being overwhelming, and the chicken was delectable.  The naan was delicate, charred and delicious.  The service was attentive and they even got us extra rice without us having to ask.  I dont particularly like Indian desserts so we skipped them, but we will definitely be back.  Delicious!!
Holy Tika Masala!  The food at Amma is amazing.  I've always ordered to go and have only had positive experiences with the food and service.  The portions are savory, generous and did I mention delicious.  The restaurant itself is a small spot located on the first floor of an apartment building but the food makes up for the lack of ambiance.
Some of the best Indian food I've ever had! I shared the saag (spinach), cabbage and stuffed egg plant entrees with two other people, one of which is my coworker who is originally from India. He also agreed that it was excellent Indian food. We didn't try the desserts although I was tempted for a minute. The servers were really attentive and polite and came around regularly to check on our table. The ambiance was nice, a little more on the upscale side. I will definitely come back to this place next time I'm in New York!
It's a tough call between giving Amma 2 stars or 3, but from all of the 4 star or higher reviews I read from you Yelpers out there, I went in to that sepia colored clausterphobic room with pretty high expectations. Amma watered those Yelp-tastic reviews down with barely acceptable food and ridiculously slow service. So there, you 4 star plus Amma yelpers, I'm taking away your stars. Ha.4 of us settled into Amma at 7pm on a Tuesday night. We were promptly brought a wine list, however it was well past 7:30 when we were brought water and, after having to request them, actual menus. We all opted to eat off the restaurant week prix fixe menu, and it's too bad there weren't more choices as we were left another 45 minutes to deliberate, analyze, revise, and select our picks as the only service our waiter would bring us was refilling the wine glasses.At least our shiraz was yummy and reasonably priced, because our happy wine inspired buzzes were the only thing I can recommend at Amma. The waits between food courses were long and inconsistent, much of our food was cold and unremarkable, and we practically had to beg for treats like having our water glasses refilled.3 hours and 3 bottles of wine later, we paid our bill. Instead of leaving with full curried stomaches and clear sinuses, we were all still a little hungry and quasi drunk. Boo.
I have eaten at Amma 3 or 4 times when I have visted NY on work.  The service is excellent and so is the food.  They make the best of the small space.  I have had the vegetarian tasting menu which is a real treat.  Last time I ate the rice sampler and the bhendi raita.  Loved that too, especially the raita - have to order that the next time. Their  kataal biryani - which is a unusual dishm - was also noteworthy.
I have to say I was impressed w/ the service and the food was very tasty.the waiters were very friendly and helpful.  We ended up having to end the meal early since my gf was having really bad heartburn.  not due to the food, but she started having it before we started and hoping it would go away.  they were very good about us ending early and not charging for everything.  even offered some alka seltzer.  took the food home and it was still so good.  the lamb was delicious.  we got the prix fixe dinner w/ wine btw and recommend that.We will be going back as soon as we can again.
Having eaten at so many, many Indian restaurants in NYC, I think I can safely say Amma is one of my favourite places. The food is simply fantastic, though their portions are a little on the stingy side. The service is seamless, from the unnoticeable refills of water to the guy actually serving the food on your warm plate. The price you pay for it is worth the money. The only two things that could change - the size of the place is small considering its popularity and they have this weird rule of one entree/person so we couldn't split one entree between us(we weren't that hungry) and had to order our own.
Good food, but pricey for Indian food. The waiters try hard to upsell and you have to pay extra for rice.
More spendy than your average Indian joint (especially your Midtown East Indian joints) but way more authentic and tasty, too.  And with your leftovers, the flavors will only intensify. Mmmmmmmmm.Great great service which is very accomodating to different tastes.  Might be a good place to take a friend you are trying to segue into the wonderful world of Indian cuisine.
Wow, two for two on 51st (see my review on Sushi You).  I stopped by without reservations with a large group around 10PM for a pleasant dining experience.  They didn't quite have space for our party, but agreed to let us crowd around an obviously too-small table.  When a nearby table left, they quickly cleaned it up and extended our dining area.  Service was excellent: they kept our waters refilled, provided clean plates and silverware throughout the meal, and even divided up our food (we got a crazy amount of dishes for family style) on each plate so we wouldn't have to worry about passing things back and forth.The food isn't strictly traditional Indian food, but more of a "trendy" fusion.  Of course they have your typical curries, but everything has a little bit of a spin.  I saw a neighboring table receive a rack of lamb, which looked very good, and I enjoyed the Chilean sea bass with green curry sauce.  I'm not usually a big fan of daal, but I really liked it here: it was a little bit sweeter and less mushy than I've had in the past.  I didn't really like the lamb sausage or the naan (texture wasn't quite right), but the eggplant dish, samosas (three different flavors) and tri-flavor rice were quite good.I forgot to mention price.  The portions are pretty small (but they made accommodations for us, making sure they provided enough non-splittable things like samosas for everyone in our party), and prices are rather high, with vegetarian dishes 12-14$ and meat dishes 20-30$.  They have a tasting menu for 50$, or 85$ with wine pairings.
This was one of the first Indian restaurant that we tried in NYC, the food was quite good. We liked saffron chicken, chilli shrimp was ok. I ordered lamb pasanada and gravy was out of world.. another dish that we ordered was malai kofta and gravy was rich too.. Chicken dish was also good. Overall I will recommend this place for food. Decor was ok, nothing great and place is small, but on sunday afternoon was not very busy. What we didnt like was the trio of kulfi which was quite disappointing.  Will definitely try again.
Ranks with the best Indian restaurants we've been to. Authentically spicy and all dishes were uniquely flavorful, yet comfortingly familiar. We had veggie, fish, lamb, chicken dishes and all were perfectly cooked and quality pieces of meat, poultry, and fish. We had a table of 15 people and various dishes and nothing disappointed or was even left unfinished. Will definitely go again.
I was in New York catching up with some friends, and we quickly decided to go to Amma. The food was wonderful, but the layout is extremely cramped and the service was not perfect (indifferent at best and inattentive at worst), but we still had a great time. The food was so delicious that the next time I was in town, I ordered from Amma's takeout menu. Its moderately priced for its location, but as in life you get what you pay for. The food is of excellent quality.
Decent Indian food (def. had better and that was in Queens) but their NAAN is out of this world!!!Service was kinda slow, ambiance was nice, food was mehh. Don't think I'll be returning to Amma's.
Although expensive the food was excellent.  The okara dish was the best I've had.  I would make reservations as the place is tiny.
I've found this place on Yelp and after reading the reviews, decided to take my gf here on her birthday. It was a good choice. We went for the summer dinner menu, which has soup or salad, then 2 starters, a main and the desserts. The food taste delicious and it's a very very nice selection you can choose.We've ordered wine as well, but wasn't the best choice. One thing which they could improve is to consult a somelier and recommend wine for their menu. That would make it a perfect gastronomic experience even for non wine experts.
Enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.Ate here a few years ago so I cannot remember all the details, but do remember enjoying it.  Fairly small space with no more than 15 tables, I believe - if that many.   Good food, good service.
A great gourmet Indian place...a little pricey but a great meal. Was overwhelmed at how good the food was...the flavor, the complexity-delicious!  Def a place to check out if you're hungry, in midtown, and have plenty of cash in your pockets...enjoy!
This Saturday night was my first trip to Amma but it certainly won't be my last. The food was incredible, the best Indian food I've ever had in NYC. My friend and I were able to partake in the Restaurant Week menu which was extra special as it came with soup or salad, 2 appetizers, an entree, naan, and dessert for $35. Unbelievable! You have to try the chili shrimp appetizer and the mango cheesecake dessert as they were my favorites. My only complaints were that we had to ask for the naan early as it was not served until the entrees and that our table experienced a lot of foot traffic that would have been distracting for a romantic evening.
Very authentic food, cozy atmosphere, and great service. I went here for Diwali with my gf and it was fantastic. They even gave us a box of sweets on the way out.I can't manage to give it the extra star because they had the audacity to give my GF the wine menu!!!! Well I have never seen such disrespect in my life. I mean, I could take giving the ladies the vote, but the wine menu is a step too far! Anyway, she paid so I guess it worked out in the end ;).Thank you, come again!
Simply amazing. I've been there 3 times now, and each was absolutely fantastic. Really great staff: helpful, kind, attentive... And the food is just about the best Indian cuisine you'll get anywhere.
Very good Indian food, and great customer service. However, the portion size is small for the price.We had Bagharey Baingan ( very rich peanut butter and baby eggplant dish), Chicken Kolhapuri ( spice coconuty very unique flavor) and Amma's Kathal Aloo ( potato and jackfruit) as  main dish. Everything was excellent, and very fresh.
Amazing. Let the waiter guide you and you won't be disappointed. The veg samosas (3 ways) and spinach appetizer are fabulous. And we were encouraged to get the fried okra- excellent side.  And, to top it off--the ambience is super; quiet, intimate and nicely lit.  A good tip is to make a reservation. Overall we'll be coming back again and again.
shut down for health code violations!!
Best Indian Food in NYC in my book.  This place never disppoints.  Great staff - they are very knowledgeable and they are always spot on with their recommendations.  A little gem on East 51st Street!
This is an absolutely fabulous Indian restaurant in NYC. I was treated with a trip on expenses to this place, and the staff really spoiled us. The Kararee Bhindi as a side dish was fantastic, as was the Chicken Madras. Really nice food. The prices weren't cheap - we each came to about $85 including a couple of beers, but the service was fantastic and so was the food
Great, non traditional indian restaurant in Midtown East. Quaint, soft, red decor. Ordered the prix fix with the wine pairing. Great lamb, seabass, shrimp, stuffed mushroom and fried okra dishes. Samosa and kofta dishes were average. Kulfi and Mango ice cream were also very good.
Heard its as good as chola, also it's rated by Zagat one of the best indian restaurants in nyc so I went here for lunch. Unfortunately it failed my expectation...I had the lamp curry. The meat portion and taste isn't as good as chola's. Prob won't be back for a while..will go to chola or other Indian restaurants nearby instead.
Came here for a birthday, averaged around $90/person including the sampler 5-6 course meal and alcohol.  Some of the dishes were hit/miss, has a decent/cozy atmosphere, although not that upscale.  Best part was the service - you get very attentive waiters and the food you get will be described/explained upon serving if you aren't familiar with the cuisine.  It started to get pretty busy on a Wednesday evening, popular for sure.
Would you like to have Indian food? Please go elsewhere. Please.I am an Indian. This isn't Indian food and it's certainly not worth the monstrous price. My friend and I came here for the Lunch Special (3 course). While the appetizer (Bhel Puri) was pretty standard fare (compared to other, cheaper Indian restaurants I know of in NYC), the Gobi Manchurian was good but again, I have had better for a FAR cheaper price. And then it went downhill. DO NOT try the Baghara Baigan, it is absolutely horrible. The daal that came with the main course was far too salty, just a shade below inedible.My friend took the Chana Masala (main course) instead and got what was, again, standard fare relative to other restaurants. Again, not worth the ridiculous prices. The kicker amongst all this, however, is the idiotic portion size. Both the number and the size of naans given for the main course is completely inadequate. You are given literally 2 flowers of cabbage for the Gobi Manchurian and 2 spoonfuls of Bhel Puri for appetizers. Combining the quantity served with the quality of the food, not only is this not even close to the $17.95 asking price (lunch special), it's not even worth half of that, in my estimation. As if that wasn't enough, we were never given the choice to refuse tipping or give them a low tip commensurate with the quality of the experience. Because Amma includes a 18% tip within the bill. Well played. Very well played.As an Indian who passionately loves the food our culture tends to produce, I implore anyone reading this to go elsewhere, save your money and fill your stomach properly. Because you won't find any of that here.
Met a group of friends for dinner this summer. The group all grew up in Mumbai and were college friends meeting for the first time in over a decade. Needless to say we enjoyed just about everything on the menu. Standouts include Manchurian Cauliflower that was tangy and spicy, Tandoori Prawns that were juicy and huge, Butter Chicken that was delicious and not as heavy as many Chicken Tikka, and spicy Lambo Vindaloo.
This is the place you should go if you would like to waste your time. True Indian food lovers would be better off staying away from this place. I went there on a Thursday night. It was a half empty restaurant and I had to wait 55 minutes to get my order of a soup and a kebab. The waiter brought me a veg soup instead of a chicken soup. I told them and another guy came and rudely checked my soup for chicken. No apologies whatsoever and they bring we a watery thing called soup with some chicken chunks in it. The achari kabab had no taste of the achaar and just felt like an ordinary kabab. Overall a waste of time and money. Amma means mother is some Indian languages and that's probably the only reason why this place pulls people.
Went with a large party during lunch hour. Ordered from their lunch menu and found the food to be ok but nothing out of the ordinary.
ambience -- its a bit cramped but owners have tried to give it a feel of mid range indian restaurant.service - extremely or rather painfully slow. Food - This is where this place scores. As close as it can get to authentic indian food. be it lamb, lentils or paneer everything was good. right amount of spices/flavor and perfectly cooked.
Amazing food and service every time I step into Amma, from the greeting at the door to the extremely polite and attentive service. As for the food, I would describe my favorite dishes as melt-in-your-mouth delicious. Some of the reviews on here question the "authenticity" of the food. Not sure what "authentic" Indian food is (India is a big place after all), but I don't really care about "authentic" food. I care about good food, and this place has it. Highly recommend this place for an intimate and delicious meal.
This a my favorite Indian restaurant in this neighborhood. The dishes are mostly typical of what you would find in any indian restaurant, but done very well with wonderful flavors and fresh tasting food. The garlic naan is addictive, I can eat the whole serving by myself. Some of my favorite are the mulligatawny soup, rice trio,  any of the chicken or shrimp entrees are great.
Place had initial above average and a high overall review, but it is way overpriced for the quality of food. Does have a very upscale ambience but is small and warrants a reservation unless walking in off hours. The sommelier is outstanding and seemed to be doing the lions share of orders, wine recs, and conversing with customers, but much of the staff hover and glare while you are dining and some of them I couldnt figure out what they do as a job. The food is average Indian cuisine dressed up to look like fine dining. It was obvious from the reaction of the wait staff that they get a lot of first timers or customers not aquainted with Indian food. If you have a lot of money to blow and want average Indian food in an upscale setting for outrageous prices then this is your place!
We found this restaurant on yelp, it has great reviews. We were very disappointed. The food was so overpriced. Portions very small and not good. The Tikka paner was so salty and didn't even have Tikka flavorings. The samosas were just alright and the entree was lacking flavor. The wine was good and the service was great. It took a very long time to get our food. We had to move our table 3 times because the wall unit air conditioner was blowing in our face and we were in a tight spot and kept getting bumped into. They were accommodating to move us but it was empty and we could've just avoided all of that and sat at a 3 person table that didn't have all these issues.
Don't order delivery.  I ordered from seamless at 810.  My order showed up at 954.  The expected time was 910.   Horrible and I waited on hold for another 6 mins while they tried to get in touch with the delivery guy.   Just poor customer service for delivery.  Better experience in the restaurant.
This is a favorite lunch spot for my coworkers, and so far we've been here 3 times in the last 2 months. It's a cute spot and the crowd is mostly people who work in the area, they open at 12pm and you should make a reservation if you are coming during peak lunch hours since it's a small place and they usually get large groups for lunch.  The servers are always very pleasent. They have a lunch special where you get an appetizer and entree for about $15, in my opinion the portion sizes are great because they don't overwhelm you with tons of food. All of the lunch entrees come with a side of rice,  lentils, and some yummy naan. The menu is pretty standard northern Indian type of dishes and in terms of spice level,  I would say most of the food is just the right amount of spice without being overwhelming. I've been really boring and gotten the same dish every time I've been here,  the chili shrimp as an appetizer and the paneer makhani which is Indian cottage cheese cubes made in some delicious creamy sauce. If you are vegetarian or just not in a mood for meat,  this is a must have!  The sauce is amazing and I usually end up eating more than I would like because the sauce with naan is just too good of a combination to pass up. The food here is consistent in terms of quality, if you are in the mood for some yummy Indian food you should give this place a try!
Let me first say that most of the food at amma is truly delicious, it tastes clean and the spices feel bright. The reason I did not give 5 stars is because of their byriani rice. I love a real byriani in which the rice has been cooked for hours with the whole spices and the meat. Well the lamb byriani at amma is not real at all, they just mixed some rice (of different colors) with some meat and sauce at the last minute. It tastes good but it is not a byriani.
Food is delicious but service is bad. The server was giving a salad spoon for main course. When asked took change he didn't seem happy. They didn't get the credit card asking with the check. We asked for fiber mins after for our taxi and they never brought it back out. They call us ten mins after too say credit card is with them.
Amazing! They have a full VEGETARIAN tasting menu for $50! Every dish was incredible. I took family that was visiting and they were very impressed. Lovely staff and cozy setup.
One of my favorite Indian restaurants in all of NYC. You will not find an open seat during the weekend unless there's a cancelation. I suggest ordering delivery for you and your friends, sit at home and share family style. Amma has a delightful atmosphere for date nights enhabced by authentic, flavorful, aromatic Indian cuisine.
Worst food and poor service . Very less quantity and costs more . Funny thing is they have added the tip and brought the check . You don't have rights to select the tip amount :)
Came here with my friend. We didn't make a reservation. We got lucky that there was one table left. So, I highly recommend you to make a reservation for this place. It seems like everyone that came in had a reservation. I got the butter chicken. It was delicious. I like the sauce a lot. My friend got the spinach with chicken. The spinach was flavorful. We also got the pistachio ice cream. I tasted a ginger in it. Overall, it was nice to eat something different and not regret it.
I am definitely a fan of this place after giving it a try for restaurant week. The food was delicious, the portions were slightly disappointing, but I still gave full stars for the excellent service and quality of food. I am not sure if I would go during a normal day because it is a bit pricey for Indian food. If money is not a factor then make sure to give this place a try.
My fiancé and I first had Amma 3 summers ago for restaurant week lunch. Who knew a year later we would move into neighborhood and became regulars here. Everything we had had been amazing. Yes it's a bit pricier than all the Indian restaurants around but truly hands down best tasting Indian in the city. I found myself literally drinking the sauces to the very last drop each time. Even the condiment (green, brown and white sauces) are so damn good.The downsides - portion is a bit small for the price and delivery always take about an hour (even tho we are just two blocks down) - definitely don't order when you are hangry and remember plan your meal ahead!
Took forever to get any food - over an hour after we ordered! - and the restaurant was not that full.  The food itself is poor to mediocre indian food at best. Go elsewhere. The restaurant itself was not very clean and was pretty expensive as well. A total failure overall.
Best Indian food I've had. Service was excellent.  Menu recommendations were great. Also gave us complimentary appetizers which were great!  Will defintely go ba k next time I'm in the city.
I went to Amma during restaurant week.  For a $24 lunch each, me and my date left stuff and totally satisfied.To start we both got the tomato soup.  Definitely not like the cambells.  It wasn't as thick and was a little on the spicy side.  It had a bunch of cilantro and was delicious.  It was the taste that was still left in my mouth after lunch.Next I ordered the chili shrimp.  It had a pretty thick sweet and sour sauce and the shrimp were lightly fried, almost tempura style.  My date got the friend spinach which was really crispy and and served cold.  I liked mine better because of the spice and the shrimp but both were excellent.  The waiter noted the friend spinach was their most popular appetizer.Next for the main course I got the Chicken Piazza (basically a Masalla) which was good, not the best I've ever had (which was at India's Pearl near Denver, CO if you want to read my review).  She got the lamb and said it was delicious, I'm not much of a lamb person so I didn't even try.For desert I got the mango cheesecake which was out-of-this-world.  She got the rice pudding which had pistachios which made it different and good.This is the first restaurant that I am giving 5 stars too because the food, service, and the restaurant itself were great.  We got a wine pairing with our meal and the waiter was excellent at explaining the selection of the wine and the pairing was wonderful.  We complimented them so much that they gave us $25 gift certificates to come back.  Great people and a great restaurant.
went there many time with my Indian boss and colleagues. really good food and services! simply the best!
Go.... Just Go....This is a gem of a restaurant. Intimate, personal, attentive.Great food, great presentation, great service, great ambiance, great music. It is so obvious that the owner is passionate, as that vibe is passed down thru the chef, the waiter and all the other people working there. I went with a friend who lived in India for years. She thought it was as good or better than you would find in the very top 5-star hotels there, but which would cost twice as much in India !Can't wait to go back.PS. Superb wine list. Try the Sula wine from India. Top shelf.
We chose this place for dinner based on the review on Yelp, as Brits we consider ourselves as curry experts and in the past most US Indian restaurants have been a let down, with heat or real taste. Not the case here. I had Lamb Vindaloo, while about 70% as hot as the English version, it did the job, full of taste and some good heat.
Loved the atmosphere (excellent for a date or a classy dinner with friends) and the food! I will be returning.
Best Indian food I've had in years. Every item was wonderful and the service is good too. Look forward to returning.
DELICIOUS!The name is very misleading, the ambience and decor are anything but out of the ordinary, but the food is absolutely scrumptious! The wine list is decent, and the wait staff is well-trained. It is heartening to see that there is Indian food in the city that is somewhat edgy and interesting, not the drivel that is served in most city restaurants.
This place is wonderful. It starts with the caring, attentive staff and continues with beautiful decor and ambiance. The food is great- every person in our party raved. There are lots of restaurants on the Eastside-this one stands out!
Came here for a late dinner last week with my husband. We lucked in on their restaurant week menu, which we didn't expect.Ambiance/service: Excellent. I can't remember such attentive service in any other Indian restaurant I've been to. The environment is cozy, mostly 2-person tables, with dim lighting. Really great for date night with your significant other.Food: I thought the dishes were a bit hit and miss, even though their presentation is well above the average of the typical Indian restaurant. Here's what we sampled:-- 3 Bean salad -- refreshing & different. My husband didn't like it though.-- Chilled pea soup -- spicier than expected but very tasty-- Kathal Ke Shammi (Jackfruit patty) -- I didn't taste much jackfruit but it had a serious, slow burn. It was too spicy for me.-- Chicken Shahi Tikka -- OK. On the dry side due to breast meat used.-- Narangi shrimp -- juicy, good flavor, interesting fruity dipping sauce.-- Calamari Malabar - not good. Tasted like it was frozen.-- Manchurian cauliflower -- tasted like general tso's chicken?!? Too heavily battered, can't really taste the cauliflower, which is too bad. I like cauliflower and I didn't like this one.-- Chicken tikka masala -- delicious sauce but the chicken breast chunks were very dry and way, way overcooked. I think Indian restaurants, in general, should stop catering to American/caucasian preference for white meat in their dishes. They are rarely cooked well and honestly dark meat would suit the richness of this sauce far better.-- Galub jamun (dessert) -- not shaped in the traditional sphere shape but in a small sausage shape, sprinkled with coconut. I think the different shape increased the surface area for the syrup absorption so it was sweeter than other Galub Jamun I've had elsewhere. Too sweet. The prix-fixe was $35 per person. With a mango lassi, diet coke, tax, and tip, our bill came to just shy of $100. Wasn't a great value, but nevertheless I enjoyed the experience and trying some Indian dishes I haven't seen before.
Best Indian I have ever eaten! Tiny location and facilities are definitely not first class, but still nice and amazing food. The Goan Shrimp is ooooweeee.....
yummy! just had the chicken tikka lunch special ($10), which came with naan and rice.  it was soooo filling, so probably a bad idea if you have a busy day and need to move around a lot-oops.  usually, i order this dish because it is mild, and i am super sensitive to spices (aka white girl); it was perfect!
Best Indian I have had in New York. Wait staff was authentic (in multiple senses of the word) and gave awesome recommendations. Food was superb, they were just right on the spice and the sauces, especially with the rogan josh. The meat was also perfectly cooked and tender, something that a few joints in the city try to mask by overwhelming the flavor with sauce. A bit pricey when you throw in wine, but hey, it's ok to spurge every once in a while.
Came in for lunch. Rude and disinterested waiter, made the order process so repulsive we left the restaurant. Can't comment on the food, but don't look for good service - many great restaurants around in the area with better attitude.
I wanted to like Amma, and there were some good qualities, but overall, I have to only give it 3 stars, as it was quite a bit over-priced for the level of service and quality of the food.  I did like the food quite a bit, and it was interesting compared to the standard tandoori and curry shops, but I can't say it was on a level above in terms of taste or authenticity compared to other higher-end Indian places I've been to.  And we spent just over a $100 total for 2 apps, 2 entrees, 1 glass of wine, and 1 order each of raita, naan, and rice.  Perhaps a good place to go for prix-fixe or lunch though.I liked the decor and the place itself, although it feels strange stepping in, as the door is a side-door which goes straight into the dining room, with a startled waiter seeming to indicate you just dropped into someone's living room without knocking.  We got there around 9:30 I think so a little late, and there were a few folk in the room but pretty quiet.I think we ended up ordering from the host or manager, and he really pushed pretty hard on us getting 2 glasses of a Rutherglen Marsanne/Viognier blend ("it's really great, you'll love it, you should have 2") even though we generally like to try a couple of wines (especially if just ordering by the glass).  In any case, we just got one to try and it was decent but nothing great.  Their wine list only had a few wines which actually went well with Indian food.  At better restaurants, he would have just offered us a taste, and we could have ordered 1-2 glasses.  But, I gather they don't pour wine all that often there.  I had called earlier to ask about their corkage policy (as I had a nice gewurztraminer which would have gone well) and they had no idea what I was talking about.Anyways, we did like the food.  We had the goan shrimp which was a spicy tomato sauce and a lamb dish in a onion basket which was also cooked well and quite tasty.  The main dishes were a stuffed baby eggplant with a peanut-curry leaf sauce (which was new to me) and a yogurt marinated chicken kabab.  Both were cooked well, the flavors were good, it was refined, and the size was good.  None of it was spicy hot, but it had good depth of flavor.Overall, if the service matched the price, I think I would like it better. Little things like decent wine service; serving the "amuse-bouche" from the chef by actually letting us know that is what it is, and not dropping it on the table so half of them fall off the plate.  Or if the food was more impressive and not just good.
'What is this, a restaurant for ants ?? how can the children be expected to eat, if they can't even fit in the building. it must be two and a half times as big ! 'Ok so i'm definitely exaggerating the size of the restaurant, but it is fairly small, and the tables are a bit too close to each other. It's odd because you actually enter through an apartment building entrance. This may have been someone's 500sf 1 bedroom apartment at one time :)Besides that, the food is excellent at Amma. I started off with the Chicken Kati Roll - and it was probably the best Kati Roll I have ever had. My friends had a Lamb Kati Roll and agreed.For the entree, being the chicken fan that i am, it was the Farm Raised Madras Chicken in Malabar pepper sauce. I thought the portion was a bit on the small side, but i absolutely loved it. My usual entree at most indian restaurants is the Chicken Vindaloo, but this was a pleasant change. Certainly not as spicy as the Vindaloo, but had a nice pepper taste to it and was quite delicious. More flavor than spice. My friends both ordered the Paalak Kaa Keema, which is lamb with spinach. I, myself, despise lamb - but they thoroughly enjoyed it.Dessert was skipped, as i wan't hungry at the end, and i'm generally not a huge fan of indian deserts such as Kulfi, and there wasn't much else on the desert menu that looked good to me. I'm picky with my deserts. The service was decent, nothing outstanding. they were fairly attentive, though the large group next to us certainly got more attention than we did. Though we were sitting so close together we all could have shared our food. Little small, just decent service, but LOVE the food - i'll definitely be back at Amma.
I don't award 5 stars very often but this was truly the best Indian food I have eaten and I've eaten Indian food in India and London. The interior is nicely decorated and not loud. Predominantly Indian clientele with a very nice ambience. Our waiter, Ranjeep, was super. He expertly guided us through the menu asking our likes and dislikes for reference. Everything he suggested was delicious and the combination of flavors was perfect. Everything was perfectly spiced too. Even the vindaloo, which can blow your head off with spice at other restaurants was beautifully done. I've known that vindaloo was made with vinegar for many years but this was the first time I've actually been able to recognize the ingredient. In fact, all the spices in every dish were distinct from each other. A rare feat. The wine list perfectly complimented the food too. We had a nice Mosel. We will definitely return to Amma with every visit to New York. We liked it so much that we even begged on the review sheet, for them to open a restaurant in Santa Barbara or at least LA or San Francisco. I'd drive 5 hours to eat there it was really that good! Many thanks Rajeep. We hope to be back soon.
We loved the fried okra and the Manchurian cauliflower.  Everything was very good and the staff was great.  We would definately go back.  It is very inventive indian.
This is a good choice if you're staying at one of the Lexingtonn Ave hotels, like Marriott, W or Doubletree among others. At first entrance, I was a bit taken aback because it like opening the door to someones house or living room.  But the staff must know this reaction because they said "come inside, the food's insinde not outside."  The place was full at 9:30 on a Friday night and with no reservation we got the last two seats.  Right off the bat, I'll tell the reader that this is not a cheap Indian restaurant, the Bill for my daughter and myself came to $70 incl tax and tip and we had no drinks or desserts.  OK, that said,  I still think it was a decent value if your want to spend the money.  I was attracted to the Halibut Tandoori because I've never had it before.  But the maitr'd suggested the seabass tandoori as a special. Glad he did.  It was moist and melt in the mouth and spiced just enough. My daughter had the chicken vindalloo and we had Naan and basmati.  The chicken chunks in the dish were big and juicy so better than the average Indian restaurant.  The staff was extremely attentive, as I counted no less than 5 staff members who interacted.  One told me not to eat the pepper because it may be too hot, but another told me to try it because its so good and it's not too hot!  I see they're just trying to make me comfortable...I didn't bite the pepper, though. Meanwhile they constantly filled my water glass just in case I did. So 5 stars for food, 5 for service.  My only complaint is that the Garlic Naan had no Garlic on it, an oversight that I can forgive and eat anyway.
We ate here right before leaving NY after reading about it in a guidebook and on Tripadvisor. We were seated promptly in a lovely, quiet dining room. The soft candlelight made for a nice atmosphere. The service was superb as we never once went with an empty glass and we were checked on enough to show they cared, but not to bother us. The food was excellent, if not a little overpriced. We had a rice dish of 3 different flavor rices (tomato, lemon and mint infused) which was good, but very steep at $16 for 3 little servings of rice. We also had a cauliflower dish which was superb. They were kind of fried with a spicy sauce and had almost a meat like consistency...they were very very tasty. The tandoori mix grill was great, with a delicious piece of lamb which had a ton of flavor and no "lamb" smell or taste to it, if you know what I mean. The tandoori prawn that came with the mix grill was very good, but sadly only 1 came with it. The chicken pieces were very flavorful and very tender as well. The naan was fluffy and fresh as well. All in all, the service was very good and the food equally so. My only complaint was it was a little more than Indian normally costs us, which is already not cheap.
Great little place. I took a date there and beat the dinner rush so it was pretty empty. The staff was very attentive and we hardly noticed when they refilled our wine glasses. The food was great and the wine list was pretty good. The only weird thing is that we were one of the few in the restaurant and pretty obviously on a date when they decided to seat a family (with kids) right next to us (with a whole bunch of empty tables not near us). It's a small place, so if you go, make reservations.
The service is fantastic, and the ambience is great, but if you're looking for real indian food, this certainly isn't it!  I understand the high reviews though because the food is fine, it's just MUCH creamier and MUCH more bland than indian food really is.  I went with my husband and his parents and we all agreed that it's just expensive american indian food. Not worth the visit if you're actually Indian.
This place is cozy, well lit and has a great atmosphere. The wait staff is attentive and the wine list is great. Best of all the food is delicious.It's a bit pricey but I'd say well worth it :)!
I just got carryout lunch from here. I had to pick it up since I just go the lunch special. The lunch specials were a great deal and the food was good quality. They didn't drown the food in oil like many Indian restaurants will to hide poor quality ingredients. I got the lamb special which can with rogan josh, daal, a vegetable side, rice, and nan. The chutneys were decent, though the tamarind chutney was sweeter than I like. The ambience seems nice and it was packed so that is usually a good sign.
The best service I have ever had at a restaurant.  The food is fantastic and the wine is excellent.  A wonderful spot for a date or a cozy family dinner, with comfortable benches and warm colors.  The mint rice is excellent, as are the tandoori shrimp and the chicken tikka.  We've had a number of the appetizers and they are always good.  Lastly, they have a good wine selection and make decent cocktails.
Delicious food, decent price and good service!
They had awesome lunch specials, so I would recommend this place highly for a bargain lunch package. I had the saag paneer and a wonderfully tasty rasmali for dessert. I want to know how to make rasmali!! It is SO good!
3.25 stars.Overall, an extra good deal for RW because you get a choice of soup, two appetizers, entree, and dessert.  My soup was the mulligtawny, appetizers were a mixed tofu and some puff with potato and chickpeas, entree was mango paneer with tomato onion masala, and dessert was mango cheesecake.  Dinner also came with a whole plate full of (somewhat oily) naan!!  =)I didn't really like my soup (I guess it's made of lentils?), the tofu was just ok as was the puff, but I liked my mango paneer and onion masala.  The fresh mango was yummy (as fresh mango always is).  And of course I loved dipping all that naan into the (extra creamy) raita!My friend ordered the other two appetizers, a cardamon-flavored chicken (pretty good, but overcooked), and a shrimp crab cake (also good, but nothing great).  And his entree was the tandoori sea bass, which was tasty and very fresh.The restaurant itself is actually quite small and the tables were very crowded together.  Wasn't too happy about that.
As I read the below reviews I definitely noticed a pattern with the reviews.  They suck with restaurant week. I read the below review from e b. (a year ago) and it's essentially exactly what I have to say about it now.  The location is more suited for a commercial business than a restaurant because as soon as you open the door you're in the dining area.   The coat check is in the back as well as everything else (i.e. the staff).  My friend and I sat at the table where the restaurant was at it's narrowest.  What this means is that every time a staff member brought someone their coat at the door the sleeves of the jackets landed in my yogurt dip for the naan.  We had 7:30 reservations, no wine, and it still took 2 hours for dinner.  The food tasted good but I think they definitely skimped on the portions for the restaurant week menu.  There was another couple that sat down an hour after us who also had the pre-fix menu and when we were signing the check they had just finished dessert.  That to me is poor timing on the kitchen's part.  We also got a comment card with our check and if we filled it out we would get a $25 gift card towards our next meal there......I have yet to receive this gift card.  Sorry but screw this place.
this could be my favorite place for indian.  fresh and delicious food and the service was attentive and excellent. i had an amazing lamb rogan josh and i still dream about how good it was.  yum.
I went for dinner a few weeks ago and did the restaurant week menu.  It was a little odd that they weren't offering their regular menu as well, but I don't know why anyone would complain.  The food was delicious and spicy.  I had the tomato soup, the sea bass, and the rice pudding for dessert.  definitely the best rice pudding I've had in a while, and their wine list wasn't too bad either.  The waiters were very friendly, and since there were twice as many as the tiny place needed, we were attended to instantly.  I usually stuff myself on Indian food but the portions weren't overwhelming. All around it was a perfect dinner.
As mentioned before, the decor is very appealing and sets a nice mood at night, romantic yet avant-garde, in South Asian kind of way.  It let us know that we were in for a thoroughly modern take on Indian cuisine.  That said, though i once knew my way around Indian cuisine several years ago, I've forgotten many of the nuances and dishes that make it such a great food experience.  Short on time and certainly the will to blow over a $100 sampling this and that, we settled on the stuffed vegetable trio for an app (decent, though the stuffed mushroom part was sublime, and all parts were enlivened by the mint and cinnamon dipping sauces), and for entree's the Palaak Ka Keema (minced lamb w/ mint and spinach) and the Parsi Halibut.  The minced lamb was very tasty, and the halibut was done to tender perfection, swimming in a buttery coconut chutney.  Sopped up with fresh roti, it was a very satisfying meal, but I agree with earlier comments, it all felt a bit overpriced.  Yes, it is midtown, set amidst a number expense account hotels where price is no object, but I felt like you can find such a savory Indian dining experience for less.  My partner was not impressed with her glass of pinot, though the mango lassi I ordered was perfect.  Could be a good date place if you don't mind sitting elbow to elbow with your neighbor, but at later hours I'm sure you can find an empty corner to hide out in.  And my partner had lunch there first and said for lunch it's a reasonable deal.  So the only minus would be the cramped space and the vaunted prices.  Service was fine, if not over-doting, but overstaffing seems to common at Indian places.  I would go back, but on a very special occasion with many friends and a fatter wallet.
I've ordered from here several times. The food is generally exceptional. I absolutely love the crispy okra and the palak paneer is fantastic. It's obvious that they use the freshest ingredients. I was, however, not really impressed with the mango cheesecake.... it's not really a cheesecake texture and wouldn't order it again. The place is a little pricier than other restaurants, but certainly worth it.
One of the best served Indian restaurants in the midtown east. Service is good, ambience is great and food is awesome and presented well.
Holy Deliciousness batman. This place was amazingly good. It was one of the only restaurants I went to during restaurant week that didn't treat us horribly. The service was excellent and so was the food. I enjoyed every morsel and their fixed restaurant week menu was more accommodating than most places I visited. Would come back in a heartbeat. It is quite upscale and expensive though but I think totally worth it.
by far the best indian in manhattan.  high quality food, skilled chefs, good service.  highly recommended!
Shortly before leaving for the Motherland, I took advantage of August's Restaurant week and my craving for Indian treats by booking a table at Amma. Their Restaurant week menu was full of great appetizer, main course and dessert options that were fit for vegetarian and meat lovers alike. The soup starter was a heavenly butter nut squash which opened our appetites for much richer dishes like the Lal Maas and Chicken Tikka Masala. The much touted crispy okra resembled fried onion crisps, utterly transformed from its original state and the perfect accompaniment to the red chili curry and creamy tomato flavors of the main courses. My only disappointment was that they no longer had the carrot walnut halwa as a desert option. My mango kulfi was a good enough replacement, but if ever given the opportunity to order the halwa, do so! I definitely appreciated our sommelier's experience and personal attentiveness to our experience at Amma. I will be back not only for the food, but for his careful attention. Thank you, Sandeep.
This would be one of THE best budget restaurants in nyc to offer vegetarian tasting menu.Their 6-course tasting menu itself was quite impressive. Beetroot kofta and crispy okra fry were the two stand out items from the menu. But apart from spinach chaat, which still left something to be desired in terms of flavors, everything else, especially the curries, was skillfully prepared with brilliant flavors. The optional wine pairing only added to the overall experience. The wine pairings were mostly spot on. The wine expert here is very friendly and knowledgeable and genuinely wants you to have a great dining experience.Overall, i was very satisfied with the 85+tax price tag with wine pairing. 50+tax without wine pairing is a great deal.
Very intimate setting. Excellent service. Chicken tikka was good. Naan was good. Dessert was good. Overall I recommend for solid Indian food in the city.  My dinner company raved about it as well. I was told to edit this to reflect the fact that the gulab jamin was stellar as well as the saag.
Went during restaurant week!  4 course meal for $25!  Amma's Tomato Rasam was good but a bit spicy.  I also had the chance to have their Malai Giner Chicken Kabab, which was great.  The chicken was very tender and suited my taste very well. The chicken tikka masala was amazing.  If you like it a bit spicier, I would recommend hot and not med/mild.  Desserts at Amma are very small portions but well worth it.  I had their Mango Kulfi, which was just perfect in size and taste.
The food was average. We found this place to be very expensive.  The plates were small. Rice was not included with the entrees.  The place was very loud and the manager didn't ask the one loud table to lower the tone, felt more like a sports bar experience.  Rice pudding was delicious.
Amma is, hands down, one of my favorite restaurants. I've been coming here since living in New York back in 2010 and have never been disappointed with the delicious food, nice ambience and incredible service. It's a bit pricey, but worth every penny for a great, reliable Indian meal. After having moved away from NYC a few years ago, when I visit I'm still recognized and greeted by the staff with warm welcomes and smiles! Hope you enjoy it as much as I do! Love the spicy cauliflower, okra and chicken and lamb curries.
This place has ruined me in terms of being able to eat Indian food now at other restaurants.  I am a huge fan of Indian food as I like and crave sometimes being overwhelmed with spices.  And I had *thought* I had Indian food prior to this at other restaurants I have frequented in the city for many years,  However, this experience was unlike any other.  I have never ever had such authentic "real" Indian food like this.  This place serves up homemade style Indian food like an Indian mother would make (hence, the name "Amma", which means "Mom") and it is delicious, healthy tasting and so beautifully presented in all it's variety.I came here under a non-standard set-up.  We had rented the entire restaurant for the whole afternoon as a private party.  The menu that was served to us was custom prepared with the hotness level deliberately toned down for us (you can specify the level).  We had pretty much everything on the menu (appetizers, entrees, desserts) and it was amazing and delicious.  I had never before in my life seen the dishes we have had and never gotten to experience everything like that made with such care and detail.I don't drink alcohol, but I did hear from others the wine selection was very good as well.Service was superlative with the servers constantly offering us drink options and serving us directly the food onto out plates with patient explanations of what every delicious morsel was that we were eating for each course.  I have to really hand it to the cook and servers that day.  Everyone was very kind, professional, efficient and the food was really the best Indian food I have ever had (since we had a custom menu we had the unique privilege of being able to try everything) and I worry it may have been the best India food I will have ever had unless I go to India or take up a friend's offer to join her family for dinner one day to try her mom's home cooked Indian food.The location of this restaurant is out of ways for me, but I would definitely come here again if in the area.  You do leave the restaurant smelling like spices, whether in terms of your hair or clothing (not use to it so I picked up on it), but I appreciate that it is all part of the experience.
My bf took me here for V-day 2015 (last year). It's a small cozy restaurant (the size of a house). The food was wonderful, service was excellent, decorated for the holiday, and they had an awesome pre-fixe V-day menu.I thought it was cute they called the Rasam "soup" lol, but Hey they have to cater to the non-Indians too! As Indians, my bf and I felt everything tasted authentic, tasteful, and the dessert was great. Hope to come back again sometime this year!
I came here for lunch and will absolutely be back!! The waiter was wonderful and attentive, and had GREAT suggestions when I couldn't decide which appetizers to order. I ended up ordering the 3 course lunch and which included the Spinach Chaat, Saffron Malai Chicken, and Chicken Korma. Everything was delicious! The Spinach Chaat is refreshing and light. I would order the Saffron Malai Chicken again in a heartbeat because it was so good. I loved the Chicken Korma- it was smooth and creamy but not overwhelming creamy. My friend and I also ordered the Mango Cheesecake for dessert, which was equally delicious. I have yet to meet a cheesecake I didn't like, and this was no exception. My only complaint is that it was too small!I'll definitely be back!
The food was really good! They separated the menu based on the different regions of Indian. We went there for lunch and my picture shows the serving size and presentation of the food. The place is decorated with combination of red, yellow and white colors with a center light that grabs your attention. Even though our waiter was very pleasant and kept checking up on us- the service in the whole restaurant seemed slow. We got our food 20 mins after ordering it- it seemed the same for all the other tables.
Yet another upscale Indian restaurant that is well past its prime.Perhaps the most interesting aspect of my two recent visits to Amma was the fact that it was packed to capacity. It wasn't just due to a surprisingly large number of Spanish speaking clients (courtesy: UN?), but also present in large numbers were Indians. Given the food quality at Amma and the preponderance of Indians that believe in the virtue of value, I suspect the clientele is one that appreciates the fact that Amma has dishes that prominently spike the spice level.Normally when you go to a restaurant and pick a dish that comes highly recommended in the reviews, and that has also made its way to a number of nearby tables, you can rest assured that it's worth the price. At Amma's I did not find that to be the case. The first example of this was the appetizer: crispy Spinach chaat, which featured more of salad mung bean salad and some fairly difficult to chew spinach leaves (unlike a superlative crispy spinach side at Malagueta in Queens). I found the mung bean salad as disappointing in texture and have inadequate spices or lemon/lime juice. The other popular item I tried was the "Karari Bhindi" (Crispy, tangy okra) which also featured some hollowed out okra that was neither crispy nor tangy.The Naan was so disappointing that I was tempted to ask whether they indeed had a Tandoor, or whether they had Naan procured elsewhere but fried in the premises. Amma is perhaps the only place I remember where they serve the Naan covered in a Napkin. While, generally the idea is sound, as you need to minimize surface area that comes in contact with air to ensure it stays chewable, the quality was so depressing that I thought they were keeping the deficient product under wrap, literally. The Chicken Biryani, listed with "pickling spices" was lackluster: bland and with clumpy rice. No amount of the equally disappointing Raita could pair with it, or be a saving grace.The presentation of the dessert: Ras Malai was stellar, and gave me hopes of some redemption. While the creamy sauce was thick and perfectly executed, the patty of cottage cheese has got to be amongst the worst I've had in the city. Yet another disappointing fail.So, after so many disasters, was there to be any positive note other than the Mango Lassi, that is refreshing on a warm summer day? Surprisingly, the "Vizakhi shrimp Curry" (with mint, cilantro, and green chilli sauce) was exceptional! The dish spared no heat, and yet was tasteful in highlighting the coolness of mint and freshness of cilantro while contrasting it with the intense spiciness of the green chillies. The perfect execution helped me understand why Indians visit Amma in large numbers. This one dish even made me consider a "3" rating, but the $ 62 bill (after tip and taxes) convinced me otherwise.
Loved it! Great service.  Had the Goan fish curry and Laal Mass Lamb...delicious!!  Okra side dish yummy too.  Save room for dessert for the rice pudding...refreshing, light and scrumptious.   We will be back!
We tried their restaurant week menu. It shows $$$ on Yelp but service and dinning environment make me feel like $$. The food is pretty good. My boyfriend liked them a lot cuz he love spicy food and curry. For me, I like the Indian bread the best and the curry dipping sauce. Also their mango cheesecake is really good, creamy but not too sweet. I gave their environment and service 3 stars and food 3 stars too (I'm not that used to Indian species)
Excellent meal along with great service.  We had the trio of rice along with chicken vindaloo.  It was fantastic.Dessert was great too.  We had the rice pudding.Price was fair.No chutney with your Naan bread.  Would have made this a five star rating if it had.
The food -- Laal Maas lamb and butter chicken -- was exceptionally good. The service was attentive yet achingly slow.
While visiting New York, I had to dine here when I was craving Indian food since the name is only missing the last letter of mine. A solid effort overall, samosa trio was tasty especially the lamb, and chicken tikka masala was top notch, tender pieces in flavorful sauce. Dinning room was pleasant and service was attentive. If you are looking for a more upscale Indian choice in east side Manhattan, this is a good choice.
My order is 1 hour 30 minutes late for delivery (12PM Seamless group order).  I still haven't received my food after calling a few times.  They tell me they don't have enough delivery people.- I call it a major logistical fail for a NYC restaurant in midtown that uses Seamless.  I'm 9 months pregnant, hangry and might actually cry if Amma doesn't deliver soon.  The lady on the phone is now saying the delivery guy left ...that was over 20 minutes ago now.I will never EVER order from them again.
Amma was high on my list of Indian restaurants to try out during my most recent trip to New York. I ordered the chosin Crab Cakes and a Chicken Korma. You'll need to order rice and naan separately.While I was waiting they brought two small onion bhaji which were very nice. Although I did not check, am sure if you ask, and pay for it, they'll bring some traditional papadum.The crab cakes were quite splendid and rather filling too. They're not big, but don't be deceived, they pack a lot of crab mix and go down splendidly with the accompanying sauces.As for the chicken korma, one of my favorite dishes, this was one of the best I've had since my local favorite curry house closed down in East London (UK). It was creamy, almondy and generally just right in its consistency and flavor. It's easy to make an over sweet korma but this worked out perfectly.I could not find room for dessert, having eaten my way through all of my starter, main, nan and rice, but a table next door was enjoying some kind of a kulfi and it looked very tasty.  The interior is fairly plain, devoid of any real decorations and there is only little lighting but for the candle on each table, which is a bit of a shame if you want to take some pictures without blinding the table next door with you flash.The place is quite busy so you might want to book in advance.
small portion sizes for the cost. Run away from Amma
Had a terrible experience here. Staff was unwelcoming. The food was way over cooked. Don't think we'll come again. Disappointed.
I got the lunch special to go. The large amount of sauce hid how little meat was in the side portion of the container. It wasn't enough to stop being hungry. I had to eat something else afterwards. The rice was bland. Such a large container for such little satisfaction.
Really tasty indian food in what appears to be a converted townhouse. If you're looking for a fine dining experience combined with your curry addiction, this is the place to do it.
Good food bad service. Pros:Open till 10:30 pmClose enough to midtownVery good food - we ordered one paneer and one chicken dish,  both were really tasty.Cons:Bad service - they forgot our soup order, they don't ask before serving (MIL is veg, didn't want chicken) and then they forgot to CANCEL the soup. The washroom stinks! Like a public restroom.For the amount they charge,  was expecting a lot better.
I have been ordering take out lunch specials here since they opened, and have never been disappointed. I have tried different dishes ranging from lamb/chicken rogan gosh, vindaloo, korma, tikka masala, and curry. They have always been the right consistency and very flavorful. I do have to express I want it "extra spicy" since "spicy" is more like mild/medium for me (I like spicy food though). The vegetables vary depending on the day I guess; I prefer the lentils since they have a creamier texture and flavor compared to the other vegetables I've tried. Beware that the shrimp lunch specials will only bring about 4 medium sized shrimps compared to the lamb/chicken dishes which bring about 5-6 pieces depending on the chunk sizes. Also, the lamb has never had a "gamey" taste or smell to it which takes away my appetite nor has it been hard/chewy.
I really liked this spot. I came here, because as a disciple of Amma, the hugging saint, I just liked the name! The food was super delicious though. I got the beet kofta and the fried zucchini. The zucchini was in strips, which was unexpected yet so pleasant, because it made them extra crispy. Best fried zucchini of my life hands down. It wasn't over breaded and it was so well seasoned. My friends also liked their dishes.
We ordered the Pre-fixe taste menu and every dish was very tasty.  I liked that they had a wide Vegetarian menu as well.   I thought the food was great and servers were friendly but when the restaurant filled it was a little slow.  I would go back.
The paneer tikka appetizer had three thin slices of paneer, and that too which were just average in taste. Samosas were very dry and crumbly. Overall, not at all happy with quantity of food nor the quality.
Tried out Amma for restaurant week, the place is really small as stated in previous reviews. Management does seem to have preferential treatment for non-Indian customers...which especially in NYC is just sad. Noticed a large group getting bumped several times even with reservations. Food portions are ridiculously small...Paneer tikka app was literally 1 small piece of paneer along with one small square of pineapple!!! I mean really?  On top of that they did not serve one entire course to our table.For main tried the paneer tikka, overall a bit more tomato saucy then I'd like, and food was quite cold by time it got to the table which was quite a while after the app.  My friend had a lamb dish which they seemed to like better.  Service is lax mainly in management i would say...You walk in and no host table so you awkwardly stand literally on top of diners waiting for someone to greet you...two staff members (non servers) walked by and literally stood next to me and no one greeted or asked if I had a reservation until I initiated...again going back to the preferential treatment aspect...other customers were immediately greeted and asked for coat check table etc. waiter took order, only restaurant week menu was presented, did not serve the first soup course completely apparently to our table only and we noticed it being served to every table that sat down after....honest mistake or other reason who knows...maybe they needed the "table" quickly
Absolute disaster! After making a reservation for 10 people few days in advance, they were unable to honor the reservation. After a 30 min wait, the staff was unable to get us seated. Extremely unapologetic behavior on the part of the staff and manager! This one is definitely off my list.
Really excellent meal at Amma.  The non-vegetarian Tasting Menu is reasonably priced and offered a wonderful variety of Indian options.   I have not been to Amma in nearly a year, but I'll be back again soon!
We've been to Amma 3 times over the past year and I have to say the place offers the best and most original Indian food anywhere. The dining room is warm and cozy, with a pinkish color scheme more like a French restaurant (It can feel a bit cramped though when full). The service staff is very attentive. The distinctive thing about the menu is that it features more grilled items, served with with a complex sauce, as opposed to the standard Indian fare that is cooked into complete mush. Standout entrées include the Laal Maas Lamb and the Viazhaki Shrimp, if you like it hot and spicy. Even the Naan tastes better here. Highly recommended.
Just great... I have a hard time assigning a 5 star to this, but it's CLOSE, really close.  I chose the Restaurant Week to find this gem up the street from my hotel and would go back very soon (like tomorrow again).I had the crab pocket and vegetable kabob appetizers and each were quite tasty with a nice dipping sauce.  I followed that up with the Shrimp Jalfrezi and I didn't know what I was getting into when I ordered it.  It was wonderful with a little bit of spice but a lot of tanginess.  Nice portion of rice and some cauliflower.  Also got a large plate of fresh naan.  The cheesecake dessert was the perfect end to the meal.i enjoyed the meal immensely although I was nearby the door that kept opening and cool breeze flying in from outside.  That's the only downside to the meal, which was not significant.
Yum yum yum! I had never had Indian food before and this was a great introduction! The place is very small but I guess what restaurant in NYC isn't. Luckily we were able to sit right away. Forgive me because I do not have all the lingo down for Indian food. But we started with some creamed cauliflower which was delicious. Normally I'm not much of a cauliflower eater but the spices and texture married so well. We ordered butter chicken and lamb tikka to share. Both were phenomenal. I ate them over rice and with some naan. This naan was seriously the best carb I have eaten. It had great spices on the outside and was so flaky but yet substantial like a pita. I am still salivating over that naan. Unfortunately I don't live in New York otherwise I would get this probably once a week.
I'm reluctant to give Amma praise as its so good and I want to ensure there's a table for me.   The staff is amazing, welcoming and friendly.   The food is incredible.   The best Indian food I have found in NY by far!!
Just visited Amma in NYC for dinner this evening. We had bhel, vegetarian seekh kebabs and paneer tikaa for appetizers. The bhel and the kebabs were a little dry. The paneer tikka was good. Entrees got a little better with a well blended Gobi Manchurian, jalapeño Nans and jackfruit biryani. Mango cheesecake and kulfi trio for dessert were good sweet treats. Amma was definitely not worth the hype! maybe I missed something somewhere! If Amma was attempting to be the next Junoon, Devi or Tulsi, they have a very long way to go!Could have rated 3 star BUT The service was pathetic! The manager (a Nepali gentleman) was rude and unprofessional unable to distinguish mocktails from cocktails! And his attitude sucked. Amma needs an overhaul with their service crew! Cheers.
Great food, authentic feel, especially the liberal use of curry leaves and South Indian spices. Love their dosa' and their idly upma!One thing these guys really need to improve is speed of service. The place is usually empty, and maybe they delay to keep people at thier table longer? Delivery takes greater than 1 hour even for a simple order.  Foods a 4 but overall 3.
Well.... the food was nice, but this time, I went for dinner on Sunday and I felt the space was VERY tight.  The food was tasty, but pricy....I will go back there for lunch, but not for dinner again.A bit of a disappointment....
See I heard there name of the restaurant 'but highly disappointed ' wasting of money ' they serve like fine dining but the food is like tasteless ' will never back to this place
Went here on a Thursday night for dinner with a friend. It's a really cute place. Nice and quiet. The reason I give it 2 stars because I thought the service was lacking. I got there early and had to wait about 10 minutes for my friend. In that time, no one came to give me a menu, offer me a drink or even serve me water. And once my friend arrived, we had to ask them for menus. The food didn't take too long to come out, but I was already pretty annoyed at that point.That being said, the food was good! We had the chicken tikka masala and saag paneer. I thought it was very tasty. Just a little pricy for the food portions.Anyway, will likely not go back here. There are plenty of other Indian food places to try in the city.
Having spent 3 weeks in India over christmas, I thought it had ruined me for indian food in the city. All the "quicky" take out indian places are now sub-par to me after eating the real thing in India. thank god I found this place- Its as close to authentic as it gets (with out going to Jackson Heights). I brought my friend who lives in india- and she agrees. Amma is delicious. We ordered butter chicken, some dahl lentil thing, and the Lal Maas. Paneer Tika to start. All were very tasty. The green chutney is nice and thick- no watered down chutney here.... Make a res, as its a little crowded. It seems the secret is out...
I wish there was a way to give zero stars..really really disappointing experience. I so wanted to like this place and went with the vegetarian tasting menu. The spinach chat was bland flavourless and when we requested them to make the rest of the food a little spicier they refused. The next course samosas were worse and definetely wasn't freshly made. So we requested to cancel the rest of the order and they charged is 40$ for literally two bites!! One of the worst experiences ever . The restaurant is very small and cramped. For half the price we can get a much better n tastier food.
All the stars are for the food alone. I'd give negative for the service. The paneer tikka was flavorful and yummy. Although the Vindaloo had an excess of cardamom, the madras vegetables were to die for.. one of the best entrees I have ever tasted. The staff in general is very rude, non courteous and over smart. One might wonder if its worth it to be stuck together (tables are too close to each other), bear their pompous attitude just for the yummy food, that's a personal choice and I sat through it. P.S. Make reservations unless you want to be sneered at by the pain in the neck staff! I am not sure I'll go back, even for the Madras vegetables.
By far one of the best Indian restaurants I have ever been to.  The quality of the food mimics what my mother makes at home.  They have South Indian options which is a rarity in Indian restaurants.  I had the spinach chaat, idlis, and vegetable vindaloo.  The spinach chaat was perfectly seasoned, light and tasty.  A refined and modern twist on typical Indian street food.  The idlis were perfectly cooked.  The sambar was incredible.  This is definitely a place I would go to again.
Just like a lot of places in New York, this is a small place you kind of have to know where you are going to find. We did not have a reservation, but were definitely before the Sunday night dinner crowd (arrived after Broadway matinee before 6p).  We were seated immediately (only 2 or 3 other groups in the place) and unlike Cherise G. had very fast service, probably to get us out before their main dinner rush.  We started with a trio of samosas, one of each kind (veggie, lamb, and beef).  We split all of them and each had a different favorite of those.  For the main course, she had the Chicken Tikka Masala, I had the Lamb Vindaloo. These are our favorites and we were not disappointed by the portions, flavor, or quality.  I've had hotter Lamb Vindaloo, but it's okay with me if it's a little below "make my nose run" hot (some Vindaloos are).This could have been five stars if not for the price.  The menu above, plus one naan, plus two rice, plus three beers and two sprites were over $100.  No free refills on the (cans of) sprites, the rice was $4 - $7 each (I got a specialty kind).  Just seemed expensive overall for a restaurant that wasn't know for being the best in NY.  I would go back here again (after saving up enough money) next visit to New York and see if their other menu items stacked up!
The food is delicious and well presented and the service is very attentive. While the decor is rather plain, this is not a casual restaurant. I am a repeat customer and have gone there with my wife for a "date night" as well with business clients for lunch.
Very average restaurant. Not sure why this was so hyped up. Food was very mediocre with the exception of a few dishes.  Tamarind is on a different planet Relatios to thai place. Won't be back.
Stopped in after work for a dinner and it was amazing. Wait staff were gracious as I walked in the front door and were prompt with service throughout the meal.I ordered the Lamb Vindaloo with rice and naan and everything was delicious.The seating area is on the smaller side but it's a comfortable setting for a dinner alone or a group.
Love this place, though (i) not cheap, and (ii) restaurant a bit tight for me these days with the little one in tow (not a big space).  Very, very good indian. A step above the brick lane curry houses of this world. Get the manchurian cauliflower and the vindaloo (lamb or chicken) or lamb rogan josh (not sure of the spelling on that one).  Waiters are very helpful w/ suggestions. Great breads.
Hmm. I'm reading the reviews posted here, and I'm thinking that I either do not have good tastes, or that perhaps I just had a bad Restaurant Week experience. If you go here, expect a slower European style service. This is not a restaurant with attentive service for quick meals. Those around me in groups seemed to not notice the long delays between courses, getting the check, etc. Being alone, it seemed like an eternity. I waited perhaps 5 to 7 minutes after seated for a server to appear, and this after I informed them that no one had waited on me. After a couple of minutes, I saw the server heading my way with the wine glass, but somehow he got distracted, and it took another server and another 5 minutes or more to actually receive it. These delays kept happening, and I finally decided that perhaps I just came with the wrong expectation. The food really was quite excellent. I chose the chickpea chicken appetizer, the Chicken Tikamasala and the fried cheese dessert. None of these blew me away so much so that I must return, but they weren't bad either. A lot of reviewers raved about the Chicken Tikamasala, but I found it was one of the most underwhelming versions of it. There was little cream sauce and only large chunks of chicken with a bit of sauce over it. Everything here was visually attractive and beautifully presented -- and there was none of the strong pungent or curry smells of some Indian restaurants -- but I honestly have had much better Indian food at less expensive places. It just didn't look as pretty.All in all, not a bad experience, but head on down to 6th Street for a much better and less expensive Indian experience.
2 hour wait for a simple dinner???Canceled order and left hungry at 10pm. Not a word or gesture of excuse.
Overpriced Indian food. I ordered a garlic naan and chicken tikka masala and it came out to be 28. Flavors were similar to other places for half that price. Save your money and order from Bengal tiger. Portions are large and for under 28, you get an appetizer, entree and dessert!!
Very small place with just 6- 7 tables. No ambience. U don't feel like u are having lunch or dinner in good restaurant. Overly priced and portion size is very small. Even the food is disgusting. Gobhi manchurian was like putting raw pieces of cauliflower in tomato ketchup. Gravy of Paneer Tikka masala was very sour. I would say there are hundreds of indian restaurants in newyork and jersey serving much much better indian food and that too at reasonable prices.
Dropped by here and grabbed their lunch prix fixe. Overall the food was good but not anything outstanding. There is definitely better in the city. We ordered the spiciest thing on the menu and it did not really register on the heat scale. It was a nice heat, but nowhere near spicy enough to deserve the number of reassurances we had to give our waiter indicating we knew what we were getting into. Looking at the demographic of the lunchtime diners I'd say that Amma gets such strong reviews because they understand their audience perfectly: someone who wants "exotic" without being too exotic. This is authentic Indian food dialed down to make it more palatable to a wider customer base.The venue is small and cozy but doesn't seat that many people. I can see this place being popular with the midtown lunch crowd. Service was friendly but slow. The 3 courses we had took a while to come out. Make sure you budget some extra time - and come with someone who is a good conversationalist!
Great food. Vegetable samosas are highly recommended along with chicken vindaloo, yellow Dahl and mango lassi.
A close friend and his mother were in town, so we decided to check out Amma (a suggestion of the friend). The restaurant has a great feel to it, loved the quaint cosy ambience but the service as soon as we entered was a let down. After reserving specifically for 715 pm, we were still made to wait for 15 minutes at the back. Post that the waiter was a little curt with his responses which is not expected in NYC restaurants, but I shall let that pass as an anomaly (waiter may be having a bad day). Next complaint- The food took ages to come (around 45-50 minutes atleast). We ordered the dal makhni, butter chicken and the bhindi. The bhindi and butter chicken were delectable and up to the mark but the Dal Makhni was barely average. All in all a very average experience. Hope Amma learns a few tid bits from her namesake and ups it a little, especially with service.
First time visitor and hopefully repeat one too!!Delicious food and great service. We were a large party but never felt under served. The knowledgeable waiters made excellent suggestions and overall amazing outcome.
This place is average at best.And I would have given them three stars but for their pricing.Let me elucidate.- ambience: it's an apartment converted into a restaurant. You can smell your neighbours perfume and not only overhear every word of their discussion, but at times the closeness is enough to oblige you to contribute to their discussion. Not cool.- menu: they a supremely overpriced and unfair tasting menu which I would strongly recommend all to refrain from. Just go alacarte. We took the 6course vegetarian (50 dollars) and 4 course non veg (35 dollars). This dint include drinks, so we got a butter milk and lime soda to drown the drinks. The butter milk is very literal. It's whole milk. And greasy. That's not what butter milk is. The food was okay, but nothing spectacular. For instance, the mushroom cutlet thing was dripping water. The samosa was too dry. The prawn was raw. Some dishes were sweet, which is never cool. And they take the tasting menu very seriously in quantity. It's a small serving.- service: average. No house recommendations, no special touches, neither here nor there. On the whole, I would say that this is more American Indian than actual Indian. Try pipali or just lamb over rice at any gyro food stall for a closer experience to Indian food.
Came here once and it was good. This time with a group of 8. Overpriced bad Indian food. Take note that majority of the low star reviews are from customers of South Asian heritage...that should tell you something...The BAD:Saffron malai chicken - one plate was good, the other was rubbery and horrible. We told the server. He gave us a puzzled look when we sent it back. 20 min later brought back a *single* piece on a mini dish. Are you joking? The portions we sent back all were like that shitty frozen chicken which "may contain upto 10% of a salt solution". No apology. Spinach chat - they tried to use the whole fresh sprouts and innovative crunchy layer. Ultimate fail, the crunchy wafers was nothing but a greasy I don't know what green thing (I just looked up the name of the dish as writing this, so I guess spinach)Trio of vegetable samosas - tasty filling but for the price they should be piping hot, not warm and cold in the middle. And can you give any smaller portion of chutney?Chicken vindaloo- spicy as expected, vinegar component not strong, cardamom notes overpowering Vegetable jalfrezi - gravy was pretty meh and the veggies were mushy--just like mom's! Of note, my mom isn't a very good cook...Butter chicken / chicken tikka masala -the worst. My stomach turns thinking about it. I have no idea how much sugar they put in it but to make my Gujarati ass say "that's too sweet" definitely says something right there. Tilapia with coconut curry- the fish seemed to be breaded fried then curried. The curry was basic, heavy on curry leaves. Prolly better without the prior deep fry of the fishBiindi masala- awesome when it's fresh n hot, but again, like the samosas, lukewarm, making the crisp nearly nonexistent Water glasses not refilled lest asked.They added extra items on bill that weren't ordered (typical of any large group anywhere generally)The GOODmanchurian garlic cauliflower - the sauce was great the Cauliflower wasn't overly greasy. The spice was just right. Good indochinese dishRas malai- a much lighter version than the stuff you get at most Indian dessert shops. Overall mild flavors. It was good but not $6 good. DO NOT try to eat the fruit syrup; it's quite possibly rotten. Mango lassi-sour sweet n rich. Glad I asked for it twice since they didn't bring it out the first time. Naan- fluffy fresh goodness. The $600 tab with 20% automatic gratuity was hardly deserving of this meal. Conjus (Indian for "stingy") lil business.  I'm never going back.
Nice, higher end Indian place. Went for lunch and was impressed with the food, service and ambiance for the price point. One caution: we didn't have a reservation and snuck in just before noon. Folks without reservations were turned away a few minutes later.
I stumbled upon this place after checking my trusty Yelp app for restaurants in the area.  My indian co-workers recommended this place for authentic North Indian food, so when I saw that I was right around the corner from it, I knew we had to check it out.Went over to the restaurant, mulled over their menu outside for a bit while waiting for a friend to arrive.  A las the three of us head inside and were seated.  It took a while for the waiter to come by, we were the third party in there for lunch on a saturday afternoon.  I ordered the Goan Fish Curry under the Seafood Special along with a Khasta Kachori Chaat as my appetizer.  The others had Lamb Briyani and Spinach and Potato Cake, as well as Coconut Crusted Halibut and Saffron Malai Chicken.  We each ordered a Rose Lassi.Overall, the food is pretty good.  I really loved my Fish Curry, it was really hot when it came, I mean physically hot, but I decided to eat it anyways instead of letting it cool off.  That probably means they cooked it from scratch while I was waiting.  Aren't you supposed to prepare a lot of this stuff before people get there so that I don't have to wait that long.  It's not as oily as my usual take out indian food joint near work, or Indian buffet.The chaat was not crispy or crunchy like I expected chaat to be.  Perhaps they let it sit in the sauces too long before bring it to me.Lamb briyani tasted pretty good, there was a good amount of meat inside.  The Coconut crusted Halibut looked a bit pitiful though... it almost liked like a McDonald's fish fillet taken out of its bun.  The portion sizes were really skimpy and it took forever to get our food even though there was nobody there.  The waiter was always in the back, and didn't stay in the dining area where people can get his attention.  The lack of kitchen staff and wait staff during weekend lunch hour means that this place is a dinner place, however I'm not sure I am tempted to go back for dinner.
Amma is a small, welcoming place with very attentive service.  Our waiter went out of his way to recommend outstanding dishes and they even made a non-spicy dish for my wife that is not on the menu.  They also have an outstanding wine list; we had an excellent bottle of Brunello at a very reasonable price.   Highly recommend!
In a neighborhood filled with endless choices for Indian restaurants Amma is a standout. The food is consistently good, delivery time can vary depending on the day/time but for the most part is reasonably, and the dining in experience is nice. The Butter Chicken (chicken tikka masala) is  excellent!!!
Just like your long lost Indian mother used to make! (Amma means mother). Start with the Goan Shrimp. Hot and tomatoey. A complementary fried beet cake will come with it. Side salads come in a papadum bowl. A side of rice and a side of naan is enough for three people. We also got a korma, bhindi, and baingan. The bhindi was made of sliced (long ways) okra - deep fried. The baingan was made of baby eggplants and spicy peanut sauce. Some may not like this peanut sauce combined with curry. The korma was typical. A side of raita completes the bhindi very well. Good wine selection. The Oyster Bay  Chard was round enough to balance well with the spices. The ambiance is nice. A little tight, but well appointed. There are some odd art pieces framed near the door. They should probably switch those out with some art celebrating dear old mom up on those walls.
Service sucks staff passes by without looking - ample of man power but they keep busy without doing anything so for me service sucks which take the basic food experience down the drain for meFood is ok nothing spectacular as expected but I would recommend people to fine there . Limited space for dining and then attention to detail lacking - long wait for food which is surprising for such limited tables to be serviced - so 3 stars from me
The food was pretty good; HOWEVER, even for a lunch special (I got a 3 course) the portions were ridiculously small! Like, really small. Ordered Paneer tikka as an app and they served 1 single small piece.
Dissapointed on all accounts. Both the food and service were underwhelming. The bathroom smelled. Expensive. Will not return.
Don't go here.  Manager is Kishan or Krishna -- who is a depressed fellow not willing to help you out or have any idea of what customer service is.  While the food here is good--the people suck.Friends of mine were visiting from out of town and because of the menu decided to visit this place (the 2nd time).  They had a little baby, and it was a cold rainy Friday night.  There is no place to stand, so we were standing outside of the restaurant in the hallway.  The manager came out twice to tell us we can't stand here.  Then we had reservations for 10pm, and he came out and told us he won't seat us. Yelp review is only the beginning--I'm filing a complaint with the city government for discrimination against people with children.   You will remember your Amma as your restaurant shuts down.
Weird place with weird people and weird policy.Went for lunch for 4 including a kid and we ordered just one lunch special for my daughter and were told that everyone had to order something since that was the policy. That was the weirdest thing we had heard. Anyways we did not want to pick a fight. Ordered an appetizer portion of paneer tikka which to say was quite decent but way too small a portion. Don't think will be going back here
I went with a group of colleagues for a birthday dinner. We paid 20% gratuity fee and $20 "Open service" fee for bringing a cake. The service was inadequate. We came home and found that a chunk of our cake was missing. When I called the restaurant, the manager immediately admitted to stealing and eating a chunk of the cake and replied that "it is just a cake." Definitely would not recommend.
I was totally in love with Amma until today. Their food is delicious, and I always raved about this place to my friends that love Indian food. But then... today happened. I placed an order with Amma this morning at 11:39 AM for lunch and was given a delivery window of 30-45 minutes. At 12:50 PM (71 minutes after I placed the order), when my order still had not arrived, I called the restaurant asking where the delivery man was since I only had a few minutes and had to leave shortly for a meeting in another building. The woman on the phone  (who is either a manager or an owner) kept putting me on hold and then coming back to find out where the order was and kept saying "he will be there any minute," which is typical of Indian places that don't want to lose business (trust me, I'm Indian and know how they operate). Either way, as much as I was craving my chicken lunch special, I really couldn't wait any longer as I was now running late for my meeting AND I had already given the delivery person 1.5 hours. After 5 minutes of being put on hold and not getting confirmation about where my order was, I told the lady I had to hang up now and the order had to be canceled. She kept asking me to wait, but I had to make this meeting and finally told her firmly that I didn't have the option to wait anymore - I was surprised that after they were in the wrong for taking so long, she was still persisting that I wait around. She rudely said that she couldn't do anything and that I would need to take the issue up with Seamless Web directly - ironically, when I've rarely experienced a similar  issue like this in the 10+years I've been using Seamless, the restaurant does the right thing and cancels the order or gives me a voucher to use for next time... but this greedy lady wasn't going to budge.  Moreover, when I logged into my Seamless account later this afternoon, I saw that Seamless had logged a note that this lady called them and said "customer canceled the order AFTER the driver was already in the building," which is a blatant LIE. She told me herself on the phone, "he will be there soon," which means that he obviously wasn't in the building. If he were in the building, I would have seen him, since all delivery people stand in the same area near security. No, instead this lady called Seamless to get her side of the story (a total lie) to them first so that I have an issue getting a refund. Either way, I'm a loyal Seamless customer so I have no doubt the issue will be resolved... but this just goes to show what kind of people are running Amma and how it's all about the money they make, not the customer. Even though the food was great, they won't be getting my business anymore.******Update******I heard back from Seamless and the customer care specialist said: "So sorry to hear about your negative experience with Amma. I took care of this order for you and refunded you in full. Again, I am very sorry this happened to you. Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you."Suck it, Amma.
Food is not just the food....it's an experience.First I'm impressed by the decor...Took the lunch special...they gave more than what can be eaten...taste is good but The five stars are for the service
I've been here several times and have always enjoyed the food.  Amma looks like it's set up in a former apartment, and done so in a cozy way.  This is listed as $$$ but they have very reasonable and delicious lunch specials.  A great option for a nice midtown lunch.
Excellent Indian food in a city where this cuisine is generally not great. Good place to order from if you live in the neighborhood, and also because it can get crowded. Bit pricey but well worth it.
Amma is AAAMAZING!!!! We came without reservations but were fortunate enough to get a table. The food, service, and ambience were spectacular. They have a huge variety of dishes to chose from, a cocktail and wine menu. I am definitely coming back to try more dishes and maybe dessert.
I had a really nice lunch here today with friends. We all ordered the 2 course Northern Indian lunch.I had Saffron Malai Chicken for an appetizer. Delicious and tender! Nicely seasoned.  For lunch I had Chicken Tikka Masala, which came with rice, naan and dal.  The spicing was great, much more flavorful than most places. I was impressed.One of my friends ordered Lamb Rogan Josh. He thought about ordering the Vindaloo, but was told that this place is exceptionally hot with the spicing, so he was better off with the Rogan Josh. He seemed to thoroughly enjoy it.My other friend had the Grilled Mushroom appetizer, which she loved, and Paneer Makhni, which was in a deliciously seasoned tomato sauce. We all took a bite and thought it was great.The table shared an order of fried okra. I had jasmine tea, my friend had mint tea, and we all had waters. The bill was a bit higher than expected. With tip it came to 25 a head. Service was very good. The place is small, so I suggest that you get a reservation if you're going. The decor is nice and the bathroom is new and clean, which is always a plus in Manhattan.
I fail to understand why this place has higher than 3 stars.  A really weird layout and really rude staff.  I had reservations for two on Sat night.  Many tables were empty but the guy wouldn't seat us. He wanted existing tables to be empty and only wanted to seat me on those. And I curiously waited to see who the mysterious VIP is who was going to occupy all the empty seats. But an hour and a half later, tables were still empty. Food. Mediocre. For this price there's a lot more options in NY.3rd time here and disappointed as always. Amma - I have to strike you from my list.  Sorry
Hands-down the best Indian restaurant in Manhattan. They also offer tasty affordable lunch boxes.
Exquisite is not a word I use often in conjunction with Indian food. Savory, rich, plentiful, spicy, come to mind. But a recent Restaurant Week lunch visit can only be described with that adjective. The starter was beet soup, thin and light. I think there was cinnamon, and certainly a bit of spice, but the flavors were so balanced into a harmonious whole I cannot say for certain. A savory crab "pocket" - with the texture of a potato knish, followed. It presented the same level of spiciness - you tasted and felt it, but without any mouth burn. The tamarind and mint sauces tasted homemade but weren't necessary.The main course was lamb kolhapuri - mildly spicy and tender, accompanied by a timbale of pulao rice and a little bit of fried cauliflower in a tangy tomato based sauce. Not quite filling, leaving you wanting more. A separate decorated plate conveyed crisp nan with raita. The summit may have been the oblate gulab jamun, looking exactly as pictured in the first Yelp business photo, decorated with swirls of berry and mango. Ethereal, it made most other versions of the dish seem like honeyed golf balls. I would have loved a second oval.I received a pleasant greeting and outstanding service, even though I arrived solo, without a reservation, when the restaurant was almost full. My diet coke came with the requested lime, not the usual lemon. Only the masala chai, which could have used more spice, was disappointing.This was my third visit. While I enjoyed my previous visits, I did not think the food here merited the quantity penalty and price premium compared to some of the better buffets in the area. This meal certainly did.
This is hands down my favorite Indian restaurant in America.High claim? Sure is. And this place is Indian approved by all my Indian friends too. I've been multiple times to dine in. I've ordered pick-up. Every time, I am supremely pleased with my meal.The naan is big and light. The servers are very helpful. For instance, my friend and I were sharing our meals and he guided us through ordering to ensure we didn't overlap too much on sauces and cooking styles so we could try the most possible.They only use the freshest quality items. My lamb (lamb vindaloo, lamb saag)  has always been perfectly tender and my chicken well cooked (never over dry). The saag paneer is outstanding and this some of the best paneer ever. I wish i remembered the name of the incredible cauliflower appetizer I had on that first trip...it might be manchurian cauliflower.And it's reasonably priced!!!! No joke! If you sit in for lunch, the two course lunch is $11.95! They have to go lunch boxes (which include the meal, dal, rice, naan, and various chutneys too) for $10.I often wonder why they haven't expanded the size of the place though because it's quite small and doesn't seat too many people. Make a reservation ahead - for sure.
The food here is so good that it saddens me to write such a negative review.I placed an order on seamless (est time to deliver of 45-60min) after 70 minutes I called and was told the delivery man was en route. 20 minutes later called again and was told he'd be there in 5 min. 2 hours 3 calls and no food. Then the delivery guy calls me and I tell him to go to the doorman to be let up. 15 min later no word. No one apologized or offered a discount. Very disappointing service.
Really solid food (probably my favorite place for naan and lentils)...Dine in is a bit pricy but their delivery lunch special is a steal! Very tasty and quite generous! The butter chicken is a classic and the saag paneer is excellent. A Friday favorite at my office!
So I really wasn't sure what to expect with the reviews being all over the place but luckily, my bf doesn't believe in listening to yelp reviews. I definitely enjoyed my night. We arrived around 9 on a Friday and got a nice table next to the window. I sort of loved the fact that the restaurant is in an old apartment... it was different but felt cozy and elegant... Let's just say that I'm used to eating my Indian food in places that don't use cloth napkins.I love Malai Kofta but they only had it with beet root and I really wasn't sure what that would be like so I went with the Manchurian dish, it was really good. We also got the vindaloo, good but could have been just a tad spicer, next time we will tell them not to play it safe. But it was still spicy for those who like it spicy but not burning. We ordered a bottle of wine, they were out of the first two but suggested one that we liked. As we were waiting for our Paneer Tikka (great btw), they also brought out a sample of the beet root kofta... I loved it. I will probably try that if I go back... but the tasting menu also looked tempting. Overall, the service was very good. They were around at the right moments. It seemed as if we had three different guys all working together to make sure we had everything we needed. We ended the night like we started, with 'cheese,' the Gulub Jamun which is described as golden cheese balls dipped in honey. Very tasty and I liked it even though I'm not really a lover of sweets.
Came here for restaurant week one year and it was delicious!  Everyone was so nice and the food was authentic.  I will def come back here when I'm back in town.
Do not support this restaurant. This restaurant has no respect for its local residents. They often have loud commercial vacuum done at midnight! I live 10 stories above and can hear them.  They have done this numerous time this year.  Why they can not perform thisinthe morning is beyond me.
My wife and I came here for lunch this afternoon and I agree with most other reviewers about this place. Definitely a 4 star place!The decor is classy looking and honestly the ambiance felt a bit stuffy. I think the wait staff could be a little more welcoming. Once we were seated, it took a while for someone to take our order. For our appetizers, I got the Chicken 65 and my wife ordered the Delhi Chaat. For our entrees, I got the Chicken Kolhapuri and my wife got the Chicken Tikka Masala.Our starters arrived pretty soon and were both pretty good. Not exceptional, but pretty good. Our entrees were REALLY good. The Chicken Kolhapuri is supposed to be an ULTRA spicy dish - Amma's version was definitely more tailored for the American palate, but there's nothing wrong with that - The dish was delicious. The Chicken Tikka Masala was extremely tasty as well. We both polished off our respective dishes and were very satisfied.What I especially liked about the lunch specials is the way they are served. The portions are just perfect, and the small bowl of Dal Makhni definitely makes the lunch menu great value for money.We left Amma feeling that perfect kind of full, and I am sure we will return to try the dinner menu!I hope the somewhat indifferent service we experienced today was an anomaly. I would love to be pleasantly surprised the next time we come here.
I ordered the chicken tandoori for lunch delivery. It was decent but I've had better. Foodwise it's probably 3.5 stars but they lose half a star for the $15 minimum for deliveries which makes no sense. Case in point, their chicken lunch special is $9 and their cheapest app is $6. Ordering a lunch special AND an app would defeat the purpose of getting a lunch special. Basically, I'd have to double up orders with someone in the office to meet the min for delivery. All that trouble for so so chicken??? Me thinks, pass!!!
Great food complemented by outstanding service you don't often come by these days.
What a wonderful surprise we had for an evening of celebration for a birthday.The food was delicious, and the ambiance was very charming. The service was impeccable. We could not have had better service in a fivestar rated restaurant. Our server Sandep was excellent, and could not havebeen more knowledgeable with the menu and food choices. His  suggestions were perfect. He noticed that I was not eating one of the disheson my plate that was shared. He asked me if it was too spicy. For me It was, but notfor the others..:-) I said it was fine. He sensed it was not, and brought overa small bowl of rice to compliment the dish without my asking.When I called to make reservations, I mentioned it was one of the group's birthday'sand described who it was. They remembered and brought over a candle on oneof the complimentary desserts. It was a wonderful ending to a marvelous mealand experience. We will go back..Thank you Amma for a terrific memory and meal.The host, Tenzen was also terrific. The staff were so on top of everything without being intrusive at all.. Tenzen helped with the service as well. Five stars in my book!
The food here is really good.  The spice level is a bit on the heavy side so if you like spicy, this is the place for you.  Sometimes, "medium" for a vindaloo dish comes out "hot."  Take out from Amma is the best that i have had but the portions are kind of small.  Nonetheless, the quality of the food justifies the price and the portion.  If i didn't have to watch my waistline and wallet, I would order from Amma everyday!  Their chicken tikka masala is the best though the vinadaloo dishes are top notch, too.  i recommend all of their dishes.
Good service, good atmosphere, good food and good menu. Only complaint was that it took a bit too long for the food to come out (about 15 mins for naan bread to come out)
This is a great Indian restaurant! I will definitely come back again! The Beetroot Kofta was amazing! And the chicken tikka masala also!
I was lured into Amma via Restaurant Week, but was so impressed that I will definitely be returning.  The restaurant limited the entire dining room to the special prix fixe menu, an act which often leads other kitchens to churn food out in a uniform, lackluster procession.  However, this crew really got it right.The dining room was located up a few steps and within an elegant, Upper East Side townhouse.   Crossing the threshold led us directly into the main eating area, with people dining immediately to either side of us.  Essentially,  our experience here was less than spacious.  However, do not let that deter you from an enjoyable meal.  The RW menu included multiple courses with a good number of options per round.  The meal started with either Spinach and Pea Soup or a mixed bean salad.  We each opted for the salad, which could have used more seasoning, but was artfully served in cone-shaped lentil crisp.  From there the meal progressed with additional appetizers.  We were each able to select two options, though they were both miniscule and served on the same plate.  Regardless, the chunk of Lamb Kebab was very well-seasoned and delicious.  The Tandoori Jumbo Prawn was actually a shrimp, but was tasty nonetheless.  The crab cake was a crisp patty packed with fish and savory Indian spices.The entrees were the true highlight of the meal.  The tender chicken breasts stuffed with spinach and paneer cheese were delicious, though could have used a bit more filling.  However, the topping of korma cashew nut sauce was creamy heaven.  The Curry Cod was some of the most tender fish I have ever had the pleasure of tasting.  The sauce of onion, tomato sauce, mustard seeds, and curry leaves had me melting in my seat.  It was an aromatic and hearty glaze that I could not resist dumping my mint rice into as well.  The progression of seasoning continued with an accompanying head of fried cauliflower that was smothered in an extremely spicy tomato-based sauce.  In addition, the naan had been only lightly buttered, so it was not greasy.  Instead, it was moist and well-seasoned.  Our dessert course did not let us down either.  The Kulfi was a hard, creamy treat made from an ice cream that had been infused with pistachio and saffron.  It was not overly sweet, but still fabulous.  The warm Carrot Pudding, on the other hand, was as sugary as a bread pudding and topped with crisp almond slivers.  It was so comforting and sinfully delicious that I wish I could eat it daily!Just as we sat back and rejoiced at a meal that could not get any better, the manager came by to inform us that we would receive a $20 gift card towards a return visit, as long as we completed their comment card.  What a terrific surprise!  In fact, my mouth is watering at the thought of going back for some of that curry sauce!
We showed up at Amma on a Saturday evening around 830p with no reservation.  They were very pleasant and welcoming, I would not recommend showing up with no reservation, it is a tiny restaurant with nowhere to stand while waiting for a table.  We stood near the tiny bar, we totally felt in the way for the servers to walk past.  We were seated, we ordered some idlys to start and a chicken dish with a spicy coconut sauce, a side of black lentils, some crispy fried okra  and peshawari naan.  They brought us an amuse bouche, fried veggie patty with tamarind sauce and mint chutney.  The food was fantastic, the surprise of the evening was the fried okra, it came out shredded and crispy fried with slivers of tomatoes.  It did not come cheaply, our tab was $90, but I will file this away as one of my best Indian meals.
The chicken tandoori and yellow daal is out of this world!!!!! The food here was well worth it, some of the best Indian I have had in the city!
Excellent service, excellent selection, excellent food. A solid recommendation! Delicious!
Came here because it was like two doors down from The Pod Hotel where I was staying. Luckily we came for their lunch special. We each picked an appetizer and a main. The appetizer came in sampler-sized portion, but the entree was a decent size for the price. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, and I thoroughly enjoyed my meal, as did my friend. The servers were also just so nice!!I definitely recommend for people to try this place!
I ordered delivery for the Vegetarian Lunch Special. It was missing the Vegetable of the day, instead they gave 5-6 leafs of lettuce. Lettuce is salad not Vegetable of the day.
For a city that has too many to count amazingly good Indian restaurants, I have to give this a relative 3 stars. By Chicago metrics, still a 4 but a 3 in NYC. The rice trio was my favorite and the paneer something was good too. The daal was too spicy and the breads were a little undercooked. Their air conditioning had broken down so it was hot and humid inside. Also, if you go late in the evening, a lot of their menu items are unavailable for the day.
I had a good lunch experience here and would recommend the place. Between the two of us we tried the three and two course lunch special for 16.95 and 11.95 dollars each. I enjoyed the apptizers, bhel, Manchurian and masala idli were all good. Bhagarey baigan on the main course was yummy too. The dal makhani it came with left a lot to be desired for. Place is great for a quiet date. Service was okay.
This restaurant is fantastic! There were very interesting options, different from the usual Indian foods offered at restaurants. The beet kofta was delicious!
Went here for lunch on Wednesday.  Loved it so much that I'm going back on Friday!  Lunch deals are $11.95 or $12.95 and offer 2 courses, appetizer and entree.  You can choose northern or southern Indian dishes.  I had Delhi Chaat and Aloo Gobi.  My friend had Chili Shrimp (the shrimps were huge!) appetizer and Lamb Biryani.  Dishes were nicely prepared and flavored.  Food was fresh and not overly sauced and seasoned.  Presentation was excellent and service was professional and attentive.  The dining room was not huge, but the tables are spaced out nicely, it felt very homey, not noisy and you are able to have a nice conversation.
Amazing Indian food.. Won't call it fusion but it was definitely different from the usual Indian tomato gravy stuff you get at most Indian American restaurants.. Each dish was flavorful and perfect. Service was pleasant n quick. Definitely recommend the crispy okra and spinach chaat!
One of my go-to lunch takeout spots in the area.  Great deal for lunch, much better prices than dinner and more than I can eat, so don't see a reason not to go at lunch.  Chicken Saag is my favorite, and I'd drink their Tikka Masala sauce as soup if they offered it.  Maybe they can figure out a way to mix it with vodka and it can become a happy hour spot?
Excellent food here. Super service. Good location. Taste is amazing. Lunch pricing is very very competitive. What else?
4 stars for the authentic Indian food but service definitely has room for improvementCame for the restaurant week deal tonight and I was the first of my four friends to get there. When I told them I was the first one here they told me they'll seat me once everyone is there. The problem is they don't have a bar and the restaurant was really small so there I was standing at the door standing next to peoples tables . I ended up having to go out and wait in the freezing cold. Didn't understand why they couldn't seat me first when 50% of the restaurant was empty at that time.not cool :(
I am very surprised by the positive reviews for Amma. My experience here was not at all positive. It was awful. I was dying to try out Amma because I heard great things. I arrived at 8PM on a Tuesday night. It was restaurant week so the restaurant was pretty busy. We were seated promptly and served water - our waiter arrived 20 minutes later to take our order. We ordered the Goan fish curry, Daal Makhani, an order or rice and an order of naan. Then we waited over 45 minutes for our order. We asked the waiter several times and he gave us a lot of attitude. I dont understand why Indian restaurant staff is so rude? We are paying money, its not like we are asking for free food or favors? Finally after watching the tables around us that had arrived after us being served we asked the waiter to cancel our order and just as we were about to get up our food arrives. and...it wasn't worth the wait. The fish curry was awkwardly tangy and the daal was oily. I was very disappointed and won't be back.
The most rude staff ever....they asked us to leave the place as other 'special' customers were apparently getting disturbed by our 1 year old crying (although the whole restaurant was lot more noisy).....they call themselves amma (mother in India)....what a shame....
We walked in to at least 90% of tables open with my husband who is white while I'm Indian and my brother and his Indian girlfriend and were told "sorry we're booked for the night". We looked on open table and there were clearly tables open. Such racist assholes! Please don't further the business of this establishment! What a joke!
Overpriced like crazy and the staff is so rude. Someone else wrote that the waiters treat women like second class citizens here, and I have to say from the beginning of our meal I felt as if my friend and I (both of us women) were being condescended to by the Host and waiters and I could not figure out why. Honestly, I started wondering if we were underdressed or something (but we were not as we were both wearing our work clothes and I saw people in there wearing jeans) or had done something else to offend them. The host practically sneered when I specified tap water instead of bottled water. I haven't had a reaction like that since I was in  Europe. Also, someone who wasn't our server tried to snatch our bill off the table before I had even had a chance to open it! I had put my credit card on the table and was reaching for the bill to see what I owed and she tried to grab my credit card off the table. I had to tell them we weren't done. Finally, the host had the audacity to chase after us and question us about our tip.  I had in fact undertipped because I was supposed to take the full tip  (we had split the bill) and had only done about ten percent of the total, so I said I'm sorry and gave them twenty percent but afterwards kicked myself. They did not deserve twenty percent tip on an already overpriced meal! Ugh. So many places with much better prices and kinder staff deserve patronage, not this place. UGH ugh ugh. Their food was not worth the money they charge per entree. And pay extra for rice? Ugh.
I'm afraid I didn't come up for air the whole time while eating the tiki masala.The service is amazing as well. Very attentive. I will be back with friends.
Sometimes I feel that I'm being neglected, that not enough attention is being paid to me.He ruefully smiles and agrees. Then I propose what would rectify the situation. Sometimes it's drinks. Other times dinner. But usually it's lunch. I like the idea of taking time in the middle of the day to break the usual routine.*Amma is an upscale Indian restaurant that appears to be popular with the Midtown suits. Amma has a nice 3-course lunch special ($16.95) and a 2-course lunch special ($11.95). We both elected to have the two-course lunch special and a mango lassi. I ordered the spinach and potato cake and the lamb vindaloo. One of the things I love about Indian cuisine is eating family style and sharing food. When you're eating something wonderful, you double the deliciousness by sharing. There's a warmth and intimacy that I associate with this. But . . . upscale seems to have been interpreted to eating Western style -- no sharing and a little cold. The way the food was served, it severely discouraged sharing. We shared a table, but were divided by the dinnerware. The atmosphere lacked a little warmth, and along with the rather haphazard service (perfectly nice and attentive when we were in front of their faces, but otherwise they forgot us for long stretches of time while we were still waiting for certain necessities like utensils), I wasn't overly impressed. Upscale (which is actually a word they use to describe themselves) means impeccable service.The food was well made and tasted good. The spinach and potato cake were very crisp and well-fried, as they were not at all greasy and oily. I did think they were a tad on the bland side. I like that Amma gave us a good amount of curry. The vindaloo was decently spicy and overall I was satisfied. The mango lassi was very thick, sweet, and luscious. If you can't eat spicy, the lassi nicely cools the heat. Amma, a nice choice for Midtown lunch among suits. *I'm apparently the "Screenwriter" where I tell you my life story in terms of which type of useless Yelper I am.urlesque.com/2010/07/12/…
Amma is a small restaurant located inside an apartment, so you feel in the living room of a classic midtown building. The decor is dated, it feels 80´s, pink with peach. The staff isn't the most welcoming. The menu is strange for a virgin in Indian food. I didn't understand anything of the menu. We had the trio of stuffed vegetables, they were served in the first ten minutes of the dinner. We waited for 40 minutes for the entrees, wow, too much time waiting... But the food was no other than delicious. Exquisite northern Indian cuisinel. My lamb was like a mexican mole. The flavor was special.  The weather was a bit cold and I was in the table where every time it opened I felt a cold breeze. If it was hardcore cold it would be very annoying. The Mango cheesecake was great to change the zest.  4 stars for the food, if it was for the service and the waiting time for the food it would receive one star. The staff is rude and boring.
Cozy and nice with delectable authentic Indian food to go with it. Also the wine list is eclectic. Can feel a little crowded for the claustrophobic but the waiters are nice and helpful. Get your wine recommendations from them. A Languedoc that was recommended turned out to be excellent.
Excellent food. Nice ambience. Clueless. Missing in action service. Too bad. Could be great. Very cozy. Healthy food. Quiet. Which is rare and nice these days
I've been to a TON of Indian places before, especially in Midtown, and I have to say that this is one of the best Indian places out there.OMG IT WAS SO FREAKING GOOOD.So, this is not a cheap Indian place. I conned my grandmother into taking me here and paying and MAN, was it worth it. So be warned that three people could run you about $90. It's a small, quiet place that you access by going through what looks like an apartment building door. There's a door to the restaurant on the left.We were seated quickly and had a chance to look over the interesting menu. It's funny because the menu is kind of different than your typical Indian. The veggie section is somewhat limited, but everything is different than what you'd normally see. It's very refreshing.My table of three shared the tilapia fish curry, cauliflower and stuffed baby eggplant. We also got the vegetarian samosa trio to start out with. And we got basmati rice and naan with our main dishes. It was DEFINITELY enough food for three people. We finished everything, but two of us were pigs and were basically stuffed by the end of the night.We got a quick snack on the house that was first. Not sure what it was but it's always nice to have the waiter bring free apps. Samosas were pretty good. I'm not a HUGE samosa fan, but it was definitely better than any other samosas i've eaten. I liked that they weren't huge and were all very flavorful (peas, potatoes and spinach and cheese). Fish curry was absolutely amazing. The tilapia sat in a creamy orange sauce that was my favorite sauce of the three. It's an absolute must get even though it's like $25. Next I liked the cauliflower. It's interesting because it's a bit fried so it's very crunchy. It had a great Szechwan taste and I loved the crunchy exterior. Finally, the eggplant was good and so was the sauce, but it wasn't my favorite. IMPORTANT: You REALLY need to get a few dishes and share at this place. The cauliflower really didn't feel like a main entree since it was just the veggie. I really suggest getting that in addition to something else. Fish was definitely main dish style and the eggplant was kind of in the middle. Really think about it when you are ordering. I think what I loved so much about this place was that all the flavors mixed together were so fantastic. Service was amazing and I would DEFINITELY go back to try all the different things on the veggie menu. Honestly, I don't think I'm going anywhere else when I'm in Midtown getting Indian. TL;DR: Amazing food, great service, interesting flavors, worth the pricey price (around $30 a person, no drinks)
This place SUCKS. If I could give zero stars I would.I have been here several times over the last three years and only come back cuz my friend that lives here likes it. If this place was in CA it would be out of biz--but people in NYC--no offense--put up with a lot of s***. First--every waiter I've ever had treat women like second class citizens. They don't look at you, they talk to whatever guy is in the group, and they try to upsell RELENTLESSLY.  Give it a rest dudes and realize you aren't in India anymore. Second--if you have to go there, don't go with a party larger than 2. They CAN'T accommodate you. We had a party of 4--and the waiters ran into my chair all night long. I really really don't like that.It just is not a fun evening. As for the food--meh. I had a veggie dish that was awful. Unrecognizable. Some awful brown gravy on it. I'm putting my foot down--never again. There are LOTS better places to eat in NYC with better service and decent space. Bye.
A really solid Indian restaurant in NYC.Pros:  The food is really superb, very strong flavors, really good portions.  I really loved their Spicy Shrimp in a vindaloo-type sauce, also their cauliflower appetizers are really awesome and their Grilled Cheese.  Everything is very different, and unlike many Indian restaurants I have been to, doesn't leave your stomach in pain afterwards.  I felt content, and really happy even after sweating a little from all those glorious spices.Cons:  Whats the point of booking a table for 9:30 online, and then having to wait to be seated at 2 different tables for a group of 3 people at 10pm, only to get a table for 3 by 10:15pm?  Isn't making reservations supposed to avert such?  Ultimately, a great place to take someone to experience excellent Indian food.  Nice wait staff who are friendly and make it a point to remember you if you come back.
Since I can remember, I have always ordered Lamb Vindaloo when I am out for Indian, and Amma does the best I have had yet. Despite being a small space, most tables still maintain a level of privacy sufficient for a date night. The warm colors, soft lighting and obscure but homey art gives the restaurant a feeling that you are no longer in the city but in the living room of a tasteful but modest suburban home. every time I have been there the waiters have been kind and accommodating, and each time have suggested dishes to try that have always please both my girlfriend and me. When we go we usually get a half bottle of wine from an impressive list of full bodied reds that has always complimented, even elevated the flavor profiles of our meal. The Vegetable Samosas are a must, the flavor combinations of the potato, spinach, and pea are always dynamite and make for a perfect appetizer to awaken your taste buds to the sensational tastes of the main courses soon to follow. And now back to the Lamb Vindaloo. Being an adventurous eater I always try to do the following: eat at new restaurants as often as I can, but if I return to a restaurant I have already been, try something new. For some reason, Indian restaurants are the C to my I before E rule, I always get Lamb Vindaloo and I love going to the same places over and over that do it right, aka Amma. Be prepared, it is definitely on the spicier side, but it is well worth the extra glass of water and the slight sensation on your tongue after the meal. I am known to many as being a slow eater, but when the Vindaloo makes its entrance I am finished before anyone else is half way done. There is no other way to describe it other than delicious, which is consistent with the whole experience of going to Amma, it is delicious.Make it your next date night if you are trying to secure another one.
Amma is a fancy Indian Restaurant in midtown. I came here during Restaurant Week for dinner.The food was pretty good (naan bread, mango lassi, chicken tikka masala, as well as appetizer and dessert) and the service was great too. However, this is a pretty expensive Indian restaurant, which you don't find too often. But it is a classy romantic restaurant. I enjoyed my time and experience here.
I'm not an expert with Indian food.  I've only had it a few times.We had a very good lunch here.  Naan served was soft and good.The appetizers that came with the lunch entrees, I really can't recall exactly what they were, as they were nothing special.My chiken tikka (if that is how you spell it) dish was okay -  not as good as I had had at another place. However, the sea bass dish my bf got was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.I would go back just for the sea bass. I know a couple of people consider this place the best around and come to it when in from out of town.  I would definitely give it another try and hope that sea bass dish is as good on the next visit...
I hadn't eaten Indian food in 4 years.  So I'll admit I was a bit hesitant when the girl suggested it.  But Amma was a hit.  Small neighborhood spot with a family-run feel.  If you like spicy, get the Chicken Kolhapuri (roasted red chili sauce with tomatoes and peanut).  If you need something a bit on the tamer side, try the chicken Xacuti. The fried okra was uniquely prepared - shredded, lightly fried to give it a nice crisp - and delicious (I didn't really do the description justice so ask your server if you're curious).Make sure you order a sides of Basmati rice and Naan to soak up all the delicious sauces from your dish.I always loathed how I would leave most Indian restaurants with the spices and smells deeply infused into my clothes.  Amma kindly spared us this unpleasant experience. The bottle of Febreeze stayed under the sink where it belongs.Some downsides: - even when crowded it's pretty quiet, so don't plan on sharing discussing anything confidential.  - You can ring up a 3-figure tab pretty easily, which was surprising for such a homey place.
Once upon a December the two of us stumbled by near-accident into Amma.  Amma means mother in Hindi, which one could deduct, would be indicative of the chef's predilection toward home cooking and hearty wholesome recipes. Our experience did not support this presumption.The ServiceI basically checked myself into the coatcheck.  No one could be bothered to offer to take my dripping wet coat.  We were serviced by, maybe, three different gentlemen the manner of whom ranged from off-handed to borderline indifferent.  Having said that, they did refill our drinks timely.  The AmbianceThe place is an average little Indian eatery, nothing terrible nor exciting.Some tables lacked proper lighting.  When my first course arrived, it looked like a glop mound of something gray on my plate, I couldn't really say what it was. I couldn't tell the color of my food nor, more importantly, its contents and thus we asked to be reseated to a table with a lamp so I could tell what exactly I was consuming.  The reseating was refused at first even though 1/3 of  the tables were empty but then seeing how I was about to leave someone sane decided what the heck, let them seat at a lighted table.The FoodI made a horrible mistake of ordering the $50 tasting menu.  Yes, everyone has tasting menus now, it's the it thing.  It sounds like a great idea - you get to try a selection of the chef's best and it's fun and it's different.  At least that has been my experience at every proper dining establishment so far.  Item 1 - sprouted, hard lentils on a deep fried veggie cracker/chip thingy served with your regular side of the mango and mint chutneys.  Item 2 - a singular deep fried, but still somehow raw, mushroom, encased in a tasteless breading and "stuffed" with half frozen egg (?) filler.  This was literally, the worst Indian dish I have ever tasted.  It was an insult to the cuisine and whoever sent it out of the kitchen should be deeply ashamed of himself.Item 3 - a singular, super chewy, scallop that was so past expiry it tasted fishy and bitter.  Horrendous.  I'd rather eat grass than that.Item 4 - a prawn smothered in mint chutney - the prawn was fine but we already had mint chutney in # 1 so why the repeat of the flavor?  So boring, use your imagination for goodness sake, the Indian cuisine is full of exciting spices and their combinations - surely you can figure out more flavors to put on your tasting menu than the two most basic chutneys?Item 5 - a puny, tasteless, definitely previously frozen meatball.  After tasting it, my mind was blown - how is it even possible that Indian would is that flavorless?  It's not! It can't be! It mustn't be!Item 6 - an  underweight ounce of bass.  It was bland, cold and just awful.  After this one I just wanted to leave and not wait for the "main course" or the desert.  I was tired, hungry and very disappointed.  I think at this point we spent about 1.5 hours in the place but it was really cold and rainy outside so I bared through the rest of the abominable dinner.Item 7 - butter chicken.  It was your average, acceptable Chicken Tikka Massala, a bit sweet.  Tiny portion.  This was the first part of my dinner I did not hate.  I did not love it either.  I think I was just emotionally tired by then. Item 8 - rice pudding, too sweet but definitely the highlight of the meal.  Not worth the wait though ha ha We also had chicken kebab which was not really anything special, it was naturally served with the mint and mango chutneys and NO RAITA!!!  The supreme chicken was good and juicy and nice, though it doesn't come on the tasting menu, so I actually think this restaurant might be ok, as long as you order off the regular dinner menu and not the futile try at fancy dinning that their tasting menu presents of itself.  The WineTheir best red by the glass is Coppola Claret, it's $12 a glass and it's sold on every street corner for $13-25 a bottle, depending on the street you live by. It made me laugh and then I almost cried.  So I ordered the Coppola, and the server corrected my pronunciation by saying it incorrectly back to me in a tone you'd speak to someone you don't like very much.  What a terribly misguided attempt at being uppity, dear.  I did not say it then, but I think you should know - you are an idiot.All in all I thought this place was a huge waste of money.
We get lunches catered from here at my office and they are standard Indian fare.
Enjoyed a lovely dinner in a serene and quiet atmosphere.  Good food with very good service!
Happened upon Amma while doing a Yelp search for Indian restaurants in the vicinity of our hotel.  I always consider it a good sign when I see lots of Indian patrons at a restaurant, and this was definitely reassuring when we walked up, as well as when we went in.  We ordered a variety of dishes, including samosas (veg and non veg), dal makhani, manchurian gobi, zucchini dumplings, chicken tikka masala, rice and naan.  Everything was delicious!  The waiter was very patient with us, as we weren't overly familiar with the cuisine, and we had a couple of sensitive palates and tummies in our party. I would definitely go back to Amma if I were in the neighborhood again.
One of the favorite Indian restaurants in the city.  Its in a town house, so its not big, you get the feeling that your in someones house.  I dont know if they still serve the fried beets at the beginning, they are pretty good.  The chicken tikka masala is one of the best in the city, along with the lamb vindaloo.  The saag paneer here is really fresh, you can taste and feel the textures in the leaves (unlike a lot of other places where the saag is kind of pureed).  They also have an interesting trip of vegetable samosas, worth a try (although the classic samosa will always be my favorite).
I have been here about 5 time since my first visit, I see a progressive decline in every aspect of this restaurant. Firstly the food, if you not pick the correct combination its a crap shoot, they do not believe in cooking as per ordered such as "low Salt", "Less Oily", "Spicy" etc, when the food arrives you wonder "What the hell did I ask for? " Was the waited deaf or the Chef plain moron?.The service quality is really beyond dismal. They seem to always have tables but will give you attitude and make you wait. When they have decent tables available they will seat you all the way in the back by the hallway, you will see the other tables will remain empty all thru your meal as well as when you leave.,I have always got a reservation before arriving many times get BS that can you wait 15 minutes when I can see 3/4 of the restaurant empty.The other day I arrived on time when 85% of the restaurant was empty including many tables for 2, I had a reservation and arrived on time for a party of 2. I was told it will be 15 Minutes. I looked strait at the guy and said "Seriously - Are you bullshitting me", I gave him my name and he says let me check the reservation.... its pure bullshit, when almost the whole restaurant is empty, should you even check a reservation sheet.... He still comes back and says 15 minuted.I simply said FOF and promised never to return, with this kind of service and attitude, this restaurant is heading to be shuttered soon.  I hope they do they are taking up valuable space... Morons.
Loved the portion sizes and the quality of the food at this place! Good selection of vegetarian items with some unique touches - for example, the jackfruit in vegetarian biryani was an interesting and welcome addition. The Rasmalai here is probably the best in the city! Only issue is the location of the entrance, which can be a bit hard to find the first time.
We came here for restaurant week yesterday. The food was just ok, with the samosas and halwa dessert particularly disappointing. The service was bad and slow. After making us wait endlessly for the three courses, they hurriedly put down the check and shortly after paying, asked us to leave as they were short of tables. Horrible service and the kitchen obviously doesn't know how to manage a crowded restaurant. This used to be my favorite Indian place in the city. It is time to move on to another one.
Officially my favourite place for lunch in NYC. Dinner is a bit expensive, but the food is great.
We went on a Saturday night. It was quite busy and we did not have a reservation, but they were gracious and seated us rather quickly. They waitstaff were attentive and the food was very good. The saag with chickpeas was the best I've had. The restaurant is small. If your party is more than four people, I would definitely recommend making a reservation.
This is by far the best Indian restaurant in Midtown Manhattan.  Perhaps the best Indian in Manhattan.The saag / palak is amazing.  It's bright green, as opposed to the dark-brownish saag that you find at lower-quality Indian restaurants.  (Seriously, the color and brightness of saag is a decent measure of the overall quality of the food at an Indian restaurant.  A reliable heuristic.)The rose laasi is also delicious.  Can't find it elsewhere.
Just a fantastic place. Got some stink-eye for walking in without a reservation but all was fine after. Their spinach chaat was awesome, and their watermelon lemonade was very refreshing on that 92 degree day. Service was what stood out.Great job!
Ordered online.  It was very easy and convenient. Ordered garlic naan, vegetable samosa, butter chicken and mango cheesecake.  Excellent meal had left overs for another meal.  This was y far one of the best Indian meals I've had.  I will order from here again!!
Very good food. Must try Achari chicken. very pleasant ambience. Staff was also helpful and giving suggestions. The only negative thing was not having enough space to wait. Very small place but I guess all NYC restaurants are like that.
I consider myself a HUGE indian fan. I have it almost once a week, by myself as my boyfriend is not a fan, and typically go for a few of the same dishes depending on my mood. Feeling down one night my boyfriend surprised me by making a restaurant reservation at Amma (remember he very much dislikes indian). Everything on the menu looked beautiful, just like the cozy inside of the restaurant. I ordered a new dish I had not had (Las Dallma? lamb) It was excellent! My boyfriend had the lamb chops. We split meat samosas prior. After the meal my boyfriend stated he had been converted and I know it was true because we were thinking of the meal for the next three days to come! I will say you can save yourself a few pennies if you order online and dine at home!
This is a must go to for all Indian food lovers. It's delicious and I could go on and on about the service.  I arrived with no reservation but was seated and treated like a princess.  I think every single person who worked there stopped by to check on me.  The food was wonderful - I had chicken vindaloo with basmati rice (it rivaled persian rice!) and naan.  The chicken was flavorful and the naan was fresh and right out of the oven.  The rice was fabulous.  They brought me a side of yogurt b/c the chicken was spicy and the balance was perfect.  Highly recommend this gem.
Everything's sweet here. Butter Chicken (Or, as grown-ups say, Chicken Tikka-Masala), samosas, samosa sauce, the lassi is sweet... If I licked the plastic bag it was delivered in, my tongue would probably be covered in fructose. The sweetness doesn't distract here, though. It is a tone. It is tonal. It is of tones.I ate too much of this stuff. I want to sleep on sweetness.
I wanted to give additional kudos to Amma after my most recent visit. My friend made a reservation for 2 and to surprise her for her birthday, I called Amma and increased the reservation to 4.  I told the person who took my call that it was a birthday surprise for the guest who made the reservation originally, so they suggested we confirm the reservation then, so as not to tip off my friend. Well, my friend actually called to confirm and whoever took her call must have seen a note wisely made by the previous person and did not give up the surprise. To add to the already excellent customer service, when the dessert course arrived, our superb waiter, Ricky, brought a delicious mango cheesecake with a candle and "Happy Birthday" written around the plate.  Well done, Amma!  A wonderful, happy, scrumptious evening all around!
I've been on an Indian food kick lately and have ventured out to 3 different places in the past few weeks. I was oh so lucky when my co-workers decided to order Indian food for lunch today from Amma. Some have been raving about this place and I couldn'tt wait to try it!I had the Chicken Saag lunch special. It came with Basmati rice, naan, potato raita and lentil chutney. It is by far, the BEST chicken saag I have tasted to date. It was my first time tasting the raita and chutney. I am now a fan. Everything was just bursting with flavor! I felt a party going on in my mouth.. lol. I can see myself ordering from here often.The only reason why I am given it 4 stars and not 5 is because I had it delivered. Cant wait to visit and enjoy a nice dinner here in the near future.
