Don't order form here too often but when I do the food is always very good. Can't go wrong with Garlic Naan and some chicken tikka masala.
Amazing!!! The flavor in the dishes were over the top! I can't wait to order again. I had the dish for one - veg. It was so good, I had never had any of those dishes and It tastes divine. I also had the samosas veg and it was really good. I highly recommend this place!
Phenomenal Indian cuisine. Great staff, they're always very sweet when I pick up food. Prices are perfect for the amount of food you get. I live right around the corner from this place, so it's very convenient (not to mention delicious)! Keep it up guys, you rock.
It was mothers day and we were getting take out for my wife who is a good cook herself and very critical of Indian restaurant fare. . Not only was the service, right from the phone call to pick up polite.professional and impeccable..the food tasted terrific. The saag panner ,malai kofta and butter chicken melted in our mouth.  The spice level was just right and food perfectly seasoned. The wife was happy and so were we! Thank you for the complimentary add one in the bag!
Love the place and food. I usually take extra extra spicy kadhai chicken with few naans. I used to order food for delivery previously but from last few times i am going there and i must say the ambience is really good with great serving and delicious food.
After having tried other Indian restaurants, I realized this place really isn't that great.  The rice is soggy, all food tasted bland (or nothing special).  Worst part is that I got food poisoning and heartburn after eating at this place.  They also don't turn on the AC in the restaurant when it's over 90 degrees outside.  I was sweating like a pig while eating there.   They just leave their creamy desserts and yogurt stuff out in the open in a such hot place, don't even bother putting Ice on the bottom to keep it cool.  Won't go back again.
Ordered for the first time yesterday evening.  Order included a couple of veg items and chicken tangri for appetizer.  Following is the summary:* Chicken pieces were good in flavor but meat was nowhere as tender as it should be.* Shahi paneer dish was reasonably good, though nothing memorable.* Veg makhanwala was mediocre at best.* Samosas were, again, mediocre at best (filling seemed to resemble dosa potato stuffing more than that of Punjabi samosa).This is the type of quality I may expect in a not-as-expensive lunch buffet, but for a la carte prices, the overall quality was pretty disappointing.
Had the chicken Tikka Masala multiple times from here and Im absolutely addicted to it.  Love the creaminess and the spice to the sauce.  Also love drunken fresh made Garlic Naan in the sauce.  Definitely a fan of this place.
This was my first time trying Indian food. I went with chicken kabob masala with naan and it was great! The staff was super nice and friendly. Will definitely be back.
Parking is tight in this strip mall, but you can likely find parking on the street if it's busy.  Restaurant is clean, quiet, and nicely decorated.  Staff eager to please.  Food says it all.  Loved both the veggie and lamb Samosas. We had the Bayngan Bhurta (eggplant) and the Lamb Madras...with very good basmati rice!While we went there for dinner on a Saturday night, they have buffet times offered too...something we'll try another time.It would also appear, they have quite the take out business too.
Ordered take out from here tonight. Ok food tasty but nothing spectacular. We were a little suprised at the bill as we ordered from the online menu and were charged $4 more than what the menu states. Ordered veggie samosas, naan bread, roti naan, spinach and mushroom sag and chicken jalfrezi. All ok tasting, the chicken jalfrezi was a little too creamy for my taste and the spinach mushroom sag was also too creamy. Overall average dinner.
This restaurant is very close to where I live. Hence we have explored it many times.Their lunch buffet is pretty good.Friendly staff, good food, good portions. I recommend this place.
We eat Indian at least twice a week & hands down this is the best. We drive for more than 45 min to come here & it's worth the price of gas:. My husband is a chicken tikka masala devotee & has  eaten it  from London & Amsterdam to NY/NJ with nobody comparing to Kamal. Kudos to the Sunday buffet!!
The food is fine. A little bland for my taste but whatever. Lunch buffet is $10. It's a good spot if you don't want to head into JC or Hoboken. I would give them 3.5 stars to be accurate.Watch out though - they have essentially zero ventilation. You will reek of masala smells. Better wear clothing you expect to wash immediately.
I had the lunch buffet on the weekend and arrived towards the end of the service so the place was pretty empty.  The service was excellent and the food was hot and quickly replenished when other dinners came in.  I found their sauces to be a little too rich and heavy for my taste but everything was fresh.  The quality of the ingredients was nice.  I would have liked a few more dish  choices, like another flavored  rice option.  I did love their chicken meatballs and I enjoyed the samosas and chutney.
My favorite Indian restaurant outside of J.C./NYC. You can't go wrong with the Aloo Gobi w. roti bread. This place is busy all of the time with all different kinds of people. The prices are very reasonable and the servers are very friendly.I've also ordered take-out with zero issues.
Great food. I travel all over the country and this is some really good food. Buffet lunch was perfect had multiple vegan options.
We ordered the following:- gobi kulcha (bread stuffed with mildly spiced minced cauliflower) very delicious, especially when dipped in the sauce from our entrees - chicken dans ik (boneless chicken pieces marinated in honey, vinegar and spices, cooked with lentils. Sweet, sour, and spicy) the flavor was great, but there weren't any lentils in the entree =[- bhindi gosht (fresh okra and selected pieces of lamb marinated in herbs and cooked according to chef's secret recipe) the lamb was quite good and not gamey at all. I really liked the pieces of okra in this dish- mango lassi, it tasted like it might've been from a can but the flavor was good and not watered down like a reviewer claimedThe service was very attentive here. Overall, we're happy with our experience at Kamal Palace, and will definitely return to try more dishes on the menu =].
Wonderful experience! My fiancé and I were in the mood for authentic Indian and this place delivered 100%. Staff was very friendly and helpful in choosing from the extensive menu. Food was flavorful, fresh and spices were on-point. The Garlic Naan was out of this world! And the lamb was tender and delicious. BYOB makes this place a go-to local spot for great Indian cuisine. We will be returning!
It's a funny thing... When my GF or I are sick, our go-to comfort food is... Indian. Neither of us is even close to Indian. We're so Caucasian, we're practically see through. Something about curry that just opens up the blood vessels and makes you feel so much better!So it was on a recent night that my GF was down for the count with a nasty cold, and it was up to me to find our new favorite Indian restaurant in our new home, NJ.Thanks to Yelp, I found Kamal Palace.First, KP is foremost an Indian Buffet. I have never seen an Indian buffet before, but I love the idea. I can't comment on the buffet food, this review is for my Take-Out Experience.I went through the menu online, and ordered a massive, cold-killing amount of food. Lamb Korma, Chicken Saagwalla, Garlic Naan, Raita, Meat Samosas, Mango Lassi. When I arrived, I decided to add some chicken Soup, too.The owner of the Palace, Kamal, was manning the door. Well dressed, friendly, he was great. I especially like that as the owner, he isn't afraid to run around, snag empty plates, refill water glasses, etc. I have a ton of respect for this in a business owner. His staff stays busy as well.My order was ready when I arrived, except, of course, for the chicken soup that I ordered when I got there. I sat down to wait, and they offered me a glass of water. Nice touch. Great hospitality.It only took a few minutes for the soup to be added, and I was off to go home.Food: We ordered everything spiced "Medium", and it was great. Spicy, but not firey. If you're not an Indian regular, start with mild. We had made some special requests, and they were perfect.The Saag was excellent. Great flavor, well spiced. The dumplings were great. Being nit-picky, the Korma was not the best I've had. It was very good, but it didn't seem to have nuts in it, and they don't use raisins. I'm guessing this is a different version than the Indian food I am accustomed to elsewhere, so I am not taking any points off for that. Not bad, just different. The Lamb was very tender, and the flavor of the curry was excellent. The chutneys that came with the Naan were a little different than I am used to as well, but they were quite tasty!The atmosphere was good. Indian pop music playing, not too loudly. There was a good crowd, but plenty of open tables. Fairly quiet. Prices are perfectly reasonable. Entrees run between $12 and $16, depending on if you're going vegetables, chicken, lamb, or seafood. The portion sizes are good. We ate well, and had plenty left over for the next day.All in all, a great take-out experience. We will be back! 5 Solid Stars!
Very consistent taste, texture and service! Good prices. Great value. Can't go wrong. Very authentic. Wait for the kicker..... THEY DELIVER! Whoa. The roti here is my favorite and try the paneer bhurji. If you like goat.. This chef here makes it wonderfully tender and perfect. Their gravy and curry dishes are much better than their dry meats and kebabs.
Can never go wrong here. Food is fresh and as spicy as you like. The host and waiters are always attentive. BYOB.
Great Indian place, came for buffet in a weekend and was not disappointed.  Plentiful food, good assortment for lunch and the staff were friendly.
Have gotten takeout many many times and it's always good. Hit the lunch buffet one, it was good as well. Service is good and the people are friendly.
Went for Dinner after reading many good reviews. But very disappointed to try out this place!!!Pros:Staff is friendly.Naan was freshEntrée comes with rice. Cons:Samosa was not fried in the good oil hence it tasted something bad.The free papads were again I guess fried in the stale/reused oil. Thus didn't risk by eating it.The green chutney was not fresh.Chicken Madras entree was worst! No salt, no spice and chicken was not cooked properly.We are not visiting this place again even if it was for free.
Courteous and attentive staff. Prices comparable to any other Indian restaurant. Decent but limited seating. Subpar paneer pakoras with the basin crust almost burnt and the paneer tasting old and stale. Mixed tandoori grill with tandoori chicken, chicken tikkah, lamb kebab and shrimp all very mediocre. Chicken Jalfarezi was not the Jalfarezi that I know. More like a regular chicken curry with a few bell peppers thrown in. Tasted decent but nothing to write home about. Naan were decent. Mango lassi was also sub par with several ice cubes diluting the taste even more. Serving size was the smallest I've seen in an Indian restaurant in the United States hitherto. I assumed desi restaurants in New Jersey must be mostly good because of the increased population here but this was a disappointment. I hope this was an exception and not the local standard.
White rice... no biryani.Excellent pakoraGood selection of salad and spices and saucesChickpeasPaneer n peas!!Chicken tikka Masala!  But not spicyTandooriDessert 3 kinds... pudding and halved pieces of gulab jamon... and somethin elseNaanOverall very good & satisfied
Indian food is rare in my area but luckily there is Kamal Palace.    I've dined in a couple times, but the restaurant is a bit shabby so we opt for takeout nowadays.  My favorite vegetarian dish is the Mattar Paneer, peas and cubes of cheese in a sweet and spicy tomato based sauce.  Great with their naan or roti.  Hubby always orders the Chicken Vindaloo, hot and spicy.They also offer combo dinners, which is good for those who like to taste a little bit of their popular dishes.  We've had the non veg dinner for two which includes samosas, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka, sag paneer,  rice and naan.  For $29.99 it's a decent deal.  It's an even better deal if you bring the 15% off coupon from the "Shopper's Guide" coupon booklet that comes in the mail.  The service is basic, but we did have one incident where they gave us the wrong takeout bag and they called asking when we are coming back with the bag cause the other customer is waiting.  Not cool!    (We ended up keeping the bag, picked up the correct bag, and had two dinners.)  We now double check our order before we leave.
Lamb Rogan Josh was excellent. Hard to find good Rogan Josh with the right combination of ingredients, but this was fantastic. Will definitely be coming back when in town.
I wish i could give this place a half star or none at all. Me and my husband decided to try out this place considering the rave reviews given on yelp. But we were sadly disappointed. We ordered Malai Kebab and Kashmiri Pulao. The kebabs were a joke. I wish i had clicked a picture of the kebabs, they didn't even look like how kebabs should actually look like. The chicken was dry and totally bland. The Kashmiri pulao was subpar. Sorry people this is not what Indian cuisine tastes like. If you think this place serves authentic indian cuisine then you are mistaken. And finally to add to the misery when it was time to pay we were informed that their credit card machine was not working and instead they wrote down the number. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Here for a local class and tried lunch. ..my review covers just vegetarian food...options are limited but good for vegetatian...definitely worth visit for their Naan and paneer masala...fresh and best Naan in NJ
I had done take-out, we had tried 3 of their curry items and they all had the same blend of each other.. Which is kind of a turn off at least for Indians. So I could really not taste the difference in the lamb, chicken and paneer unless I bit into it. However the owner is nice and they are prompt in their service. I think they were having  a tough day, plus I went around the time they were taking a break....
I've been waiting to try an Indian restaurant in the area and Kamal Palace has been on my watch list.      We had some friends over for dinner and decided to do takeout instead of going out. While not too crazy, we placed a fairly large order of meat samosas, two orders of garlic naan, three orders of chicken tikka masala, an order of tandoori chicken, an order of lamb jogan rosh, an order of lamb biryani, and a mango lassi.     One nice thing off the bat, easy to place the order and the order would only take 25 minutes. I was also asked how spicy I would like everything. Good stuff. We arrived and the order was ready. Prices seemed pretty accurate to their website.     We got the food home and it was very good. Spice was on the mark. My friends had wanted mild, I went medium, and I thought they did well. Each of the "entrees" came in a pint takeout container. I felt there maybe could have been a little more meat with the containers of tikka and jogan rosh. A lot of sauce... Delicious, but a lot of sauce. Maybe for the price, which isn't too bad, there could be more meat per serving.  Plenty of white rice and the garlic naan was perfect. Samosas were stuffed, outside a little crunchier than I prefer, but that's only a little personal preference.     Overall, I thought it was a very good Indian restaurant where if like to give the buffet a try sometime.
I typically don't do buffets and was leary about eating here when I found out it was one.  However, this food was surprisingly pretty good. The rice was a tad dry, but I won't nit pick. I actually loved the mixed vegetable curry dish. It was not a busy time of day so there was plenty of food and it did not have to keep being replenished. The restaurant is small, but the setup was nice and well lit. The host was attentive and readily refilled our drinks without question. This hasn't changed how I feel about buffets in general and for that reason this wouldn't be my first choice, but I would eat here again...if someone else suggested it lol
We came here around 8 pm on a Friday night.  A good amount of customers were there; all the tables were taken minus two.  We waited a while for the food because there was a big party ahead of us, but we didn't mind.  The parking is very limited, so you may have to park along Ridge Road, but the food is worth it.  We've been here a few times and I always get the fish tikka masala with garlic and cheese naan.  It never disappoints!
Great Indian food...friendly staff but the food is deee-lish.   I stopped there after trying a very popular place in RIDGEWOOD and this place was just as good.   Check it out!
This is my second time here. First time the experience was just as good. To start, I love the fact the staff is very attentive and stay on top of your table, granted there was only two tables on a Thursday around 9pm. They instantly bring out a snack. Two types of toppings, one a diced tomato, and a green sauce. Delish! I ordered the deep fried cheese cubes. They were pretty Damm good. Onto the main course, I ordered the spinach and chick peas with Chicken. Cheese Naan was off the hook! I love it. If you need your Indian Cuisine fix. This is def the place to come!
One of my fav Indian Restaurants. I usually get delivery but decided to actually head out to dinner there. It's close to my home and BYOB which is great. The food is fantastic.I had the lamb madras with garlic naan. The ambiance of the restaurant was nothing special. Just a small mom and pop restaurant. The servers were very nice. Plus I love BYOBs! If you order delivery please be aware that it takes @ least 1.5 hours. It's worth it though.
Came here and had the buffet on a weekend.  The food was excellent and service was spot on.  Looking forward to coming back here again.
My draft as I saved it: standard indian fare, especially for a strip mall.. plates don't match the decor/cuisine.. bathroom smelled like dried pee.. giving 4 stars because it fed me for 2 days and it fed me well..What can I add to that wonderful summary? Ha. Ordered the vegetarian dinner combination and it came with an appetizer of very good samosas, two entrees consisting of shahi paneer (cheese in tomato sauce) and chooly sag (spinach with chickpeas) followed with some awesome garlic naan.  The Indian chai tea and mulligatawny soup were also quite good.  I would definitely come back for takeout or order in a delivery since this is the closest Indian place to me.
Non vegetarian indian lunch buffet was $9 Tues - Fri 11am - 3pm. Choices are not a lot bt what they have suits me. They have spicy and regular veggies fritters Basmati rice, chicken tikka masala, lentil masala, sometime grilled chicken or mushrooms which both tasty. Fresh naan bread... Choices of desserts and spices
This is our go-to Indian place.  It is a small, but modern, clean and comfortable.  The service is exceptional;  the gentlemen who work there are all extremely professional and gracious.  Most importantly, the food is always delicious! We have enjoyed everything we have ever ordered, and the prices are excellent for the quality and quantity of food.  We enjoy the buffet as well when we are able to make it there.  This place is nice for a couple, a small group, or -- like us-- a family.  We go with our two young children and are always comfortable there.
My friend never ate at an indian restaurant before and im glad we went here for her first time. It was wonderful. We ordered the Dinner for two (non veg) which had 2 samosas, chicken tikka masala, sag paneer, naan, chicken tandoori, raita, and rice. All of it was delicious and filling. We had a lot left over to bring home. they even let us put our food in containers bc we wanted to equally split the food to take home. The service was excellent. They always made sure water was in our glasses, made sure they tended to our needs, and were very sweet and accommodating. I would definitely go back.
Great place for lunch.  They have a well priced lunch buffet that were certainly make you come back for more.  The vegetables are always cooked well and the sauces are consistently good.  If you order from the regular menu the portion sizes are large.
The Food:My girlfriend and I got a mountain of food for $33 - a dinner for two including: Saag paneer (best I've ever had out of the two times I've had it)Chicken tikka masala (awesome-sauce, bleh chicken)Tandoori chicken (mmm-licious)Naan (fluffy like sultan's pillow)Rice (is nice)Samosas (making potatoes and peas taste like not baby/elderly food in a most awesome manner)and Raita (more refreshing-er than a York Peppermint Patty by far).We also got a killer mango lassi and some tasty gulab jamun, though the portion was kind of small on that one...not a sharing dessert.The Service: Quick and excellent - the dudes there are super friendly and accommodating.Atmosphere:It's perfectly fine. Clean, exotic decorations, Indian music playing, dimly-lit -- perfectly appropriate decor for an Indian joint.Looking forward to coming back!
Hate to spoil the rave review party, but Kamal Palace in North Arlington is hideous, unsanitary, and beyond rude.   The one-star is actually an over-rating.Ever-searching for good, down home Indian cuisine, I found Yelp's posting and decided to veer off Rte. 17 to give the place a shot.   The immediate issue was one of grossly unsanitary practices, including allowing customers to return to the lunch buffet with the same plate they had already eaten off!This violates the health code in most locations--although I'm not sure about the code text for Bergen Co., NJ.   Even if the law doesn't mandate this, how could any restaurant allow such a patently dangerous transmission of communicable diseases, or whatever is incubating in one patron's plate, to connect with all others?When I asked a woman about to take seconds or thirds on her original plate to please get a clean one, I was insulted by the restaurant's manager and the woman's daughter!"There's no law about that!" the manager snapped.    Why bother cleaning dishes and silverware then?  A sign does exist that warns customers about not eating all the food they take, so ownership is not adverse to posting some signs--just not signs ensuring healthful, sanitary practices and the well-being of patrons.As for the food itself, it is beyond second-rate, with a penchant by the cooks for using excessive salt.    The saag (spinach) dish was so over salted that no other seasonings were discernable, as was a greasy mixed vegetable dish.   Desert trays were not replenished when they ran out, and the Gulab balls were cold and hard (I've always had these served warm).As a parting gift, the manager (who might have been an owner) insulted me for not finishing the two salty dishes referenced, and continued the argument about his right to allow customers to reuse plates at the buffet as I paid my check and walked out.  Yelpers deserve better.    Steer clear of this place, unless you want to learn what is, and is not, covered on your Obamacare health insurance.
This restaurant is authentic as authentic Indian food is. Byob, which is great. We had the tandoori chicken, okra, goat curry and chicken tikka masala and mango for dessert. Every dish was absolutely delicious. My friend is from England and he has had his share of chicken tikka masala and he said it was the best he's ever had. The ambiance is simple and beautiful, not a big restaurant but comfortable. The service was great, and everyone is very polite. There's parking and a liquor stores in the immediate area. Get a few Indian beers to pair with the curry dishes. I'm going back today, that's how much I loved it.
I was under the impression that I had already reviewed Kamal Palace, but I guess not.  Pretty solid Indian favorites for their lunchtime weekend buffets (and VERY affordable too at $7.99/person): paneer tikka masala, chicken tikka masala, some saag with corn, among many others.  Mango lassi is AWESOME - their prices really cannot be beat, especially when you consider the quality that you are getting.I do not recommend having them deliver the food to you - go pick it up yourself or dine in.  The one time we tried to have them deliver, it took over an hour and the food was cold by the time we received it (still tasty though once reheated).  Rather particular to their cheese naan, didn't like the garlic naan so much though.
Kamal Palace isn't the best Indian food I've had, but not the worst either. The appetizers were much better than the main dishes. Samosas were flavorful and crisp and the coconut naan was subtle and sweet. The vegetarian appetizer combo was decent be heavily fried. My chicken saag was flavored well, but the chicken they used did not taste high quality. I wouldn't order it again.Atmosphere was low key and causal.
We ordered palak paneer , chicken curry and chappati to go. Palak paneer was horrible. There was some other green stuff mixed in it other than palak tasting yucky. We had to throw it. Chicken  curry was below average. Chappati (thin Indian bread) was the only saving grace.
I tried the Lamb masala here and it was good, especially if made spicy.Being an indian restaurant in NJ, i wouldnt say its among the best. If time permits, and you are ready to drive 10 minutes more, you rather to to Journal square that offers you a wide range of indian restaurants.
I went here with my mom because we were looking for something a little different than the norm. Wow, were we surprised!  It's way more modern than other places that I've been to. No  traditional dress or music, and the waiters are a bit stiff & all, but the food more than makes up for it. To start, the waiter brought over papdum (crisp lentil flatbread) with mint chutney and mango chutney. I really liked the mint chutney. It was cool and creamy,  and paired very well with the papdum. For our main course, we both had the Navrattan korma. It was to die for! We also had the kashmiri naan, which was filled with coconut and raisins. I never had anything like that in my life! Seriously, we heard about the place from a YouTube video--Buzzy, the chowhound. I'm definitely going to be back! A great place if you're looking for something to do that is reasonable and different.
Yelpers, help me out here....Saturday night I'm craving Indian food. My husband says it would be rude to go knock on the door of my Indian neighbors to ask where to get the best Indian food around Nutley. Really? I wouldn't be offended if someone Indian knocked on my door and asked where to get good Italian food. No I don't know them well at all, probably only talked about the weather twice. Shout me a message if you've got an opinion. Anywho, back to Kamal palace. Yelp, google maps, etc didn't give me very many options so on a wing (Ok maybe a Ford Escape) and a prayer we gave this place a try. Its BYOB with a liquor store across the street that was able to give us some great Indian beer recommendations. We started with the crispy special chaat. Loved the combination of potatoes, chickpeas and sauces. For entrees we shared the lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala (hello american white girl ordering here). My husband ordered both dishes spicy and although they tasted great they were so spicy I was sporting a brow band. Husband was delighted. We ordered roti versus naan and I wished we hadn't. It was a bit doughy and the naan on the table next to us looked fluffy and fantastic. Service was typical, no complaints - minor language barrier issues. Husband used to swear he didn't like Indian food and was raving, so hats up to the palace, we'll be back.
my favorite go-to place for the sunday night buffet, the food is always on point & the staff is very friendly. the food trays are constantly refilled with fresh hot food. plenty of vegetarian options for my girlfriend. the salads and vegetables are always fresh and the aroma of the food is a reason to come by itself. the staff always keeps our water glasses full and will answer any questions you have with a smile on their face. even the dessert is amazing! the biggest bang for $15 you'll find.
Delicious!We had the chicken korma and chicken tikka masala (of course), and tried something new this time....lamb kebab. I don't know if this is a typical Indian dish, but it was the best thing I have ever eaten from an Indian place ever. The spices were exquisite- lamb kebabs (sort of like Turkish kofte), with peppers and onions, spices, and a squeeze of lime on it...I MUST HAVE THIS AGAIN. My DH has always said he does not like Indian food. We ate these three dishes and he proclaimed. "I like Indian food now!". He thinks he just had dishes 2 decades ago that he didn't care for, some vegetarian dishes perhaps-maybe beans, which he doesn't like. When I shared with him some dishes I thought he would like...his opinion changed! Thanks Kamal Palace! After 10 years of marriage, I can finally eat Indian food with my DH. The service was very friendly. They gave us plenty of basmati rice for our three dishes. The order came to $43, but we only ate half, and will have the other half for leftovers the next day. So not cheap, but it was a lot of food. We did takeout. The place looked kinda divey. Clean, but tacky decor. But the food is good! So who cares?  I noticed they have a lunch buffet. I am not a fan of buffets, but in case you are interested. Must have that lamb kebab dish again. It was outstanding!
I haven't had the chance to dine at this establishment however we have gotten take out several times.... Delicious!!!!!! On my top ten list of Indian Cuisine! Korma, masala, naan, samosas! Yum yum and yum Can't wait to go back and try something new! I also like you can specify the heat. Medium is what I prefer!
Been a while since I found some good Indian Food.  Growing up in Edison, NJ and then living for a stint in Murray Hill area of Manhattan where good Indian restaurants were a dime a dozen, I've grown very picky, but must admit was pleasantly surprised finding this tiny spot.  Note of advice though, it is a bit pricey ordering off the menu, so you are better off going the buffet route since they have nice lunch specials.
I ate here for the first time this past weekend, and I was pleasantly surprised. I had been going to a place that was recommended in Montclair. However, a sub-par experience there drove me to trying something new. Kamal palace is priced very competitively. The Food is excellent, and portion sizes are comparable to other Indian restaurants. We had Chana Masala (not on the menu directly, but they accommodated use) and Sag Panir. We also had the Veggie Sampler and plain naan. Everything was excellent, even the rice was cooked well and barely clumped together. The service is excellent here: they are very attentive, and they did not overlook any parts of our experience. Further, they provided the appetizer and waited until we were finished to bring the dinners.Only negative thing is it's a bit dim as far as lighting. I think some might like this. It wasn't overly distracting. The place was clean. Although the Parking lot is shared an a tad small, there are spots nearby on a side-street.I will certainly return.
Who would have thought this little town would have a good Indian restaurant? I came here based on my brother's recommendation, after he and his girlfriend had dinner here. At first, I was skeptical, but decided to try it anyway.When we arrived, we were promptly seated. Our waiter brought out papad with a spicy Cilantro and sweet tomato chutney, both very good! My boyfriend and I ordered the naan (oven baked flatbread). The naan was hot and fresh, just the way I like it. I just love naan, I could probably eat it all day every day. As for my entree, I ordered the Chicken Makhani (Boneless chicken cooked in mild cream sauce). My Chicken Makhani was good. The cream sauce was savory and the chicken was tender. However, it left an after taste, not a bad one, but an aftertaste nonetheless. Not sure why.Portion size was good, prices were very reasonable, and the service was great! Our waiter was pleasant and attentive, constantly checking up on us to see if everything was fine. I did notice the restaurant was somewhat empty, however they had tons of delivery orders.Overall, the food and service were good and I would to come back again to get my local Indian food fix.
Great, local, easy to get to Indian restaurant.  I normally order take-away and they do a great job of packing more than enough rice for two people, well packaged to go cartons, good portions, and it's piping hot by the time I'm there to pick it up.My one star off perfect is just from an off day - ordered take away on a weekend day when they have the buffet (I believe Sunday) and the food wasn't bad by any stretch - just not the usual amazingness they serve the rest of the week from the regular menu.In a nutshell - order from the buffet when they serve buffet style, order from the regular menu when otherwise offered.
Meh- I've made better let alone had better!WateryFobbyUnorganized
So polite and very helpful! Delivery is always speedy and the order is ALWAYS right. Cost is no more expensive than other Indian restaurants, but can be costly for a meal for 2.  LOVE KORMA curry and chicken tikka masala!!! Mmmmhhhhmmm and don't forget the naan !
This great discovery in an unassuming strip mall on the main drag in town, once occupied by Sanborn's Deli and Catering.  Kamal Palace has been open for almost a year.  With no Indian restaurants in the area that I'm aware of, this could be a gem, and it was.  Here's what we munched on:The vegetarian dinner for two at $27 featured crispy pappadum bursting with the aromas of asofedita and cumin served with cilantro and onion chutneys.  Always a nice start.  Veggie Samosa, potato filled with a great crust.  Very light and crisp on the outside, with a curry-laced potato filling.  It was served with tamarind chutney for dippin'.  Also quite fantastic.Kashmiri Naan:  which was not included in the dinner for two, but it sounded real nice so we ordered it.  Naan bread stuffed with raisin and coconut.  Sweet, but not overly so, and complimented the savory elements of our meal very well.  I've not had anything like it, but was pleased with it, for sure.Tandoori Naan:  accompanied the meal as part of the dinner for two.  Fluffy, slightly elastic, hot and steamy, subtle char-flavor.  You know...all the things you'd want in naan...and we got it!Chhole sag:  chick peas and spinach simmered in a blend of aromatic spices, garlic and ginger.  It was fabulous, with a creamy feeling to it, perfectly salted, and not overwhelming.Shahi panir:  cubes of Indian cheese cooked in a tangy tomato sauce and a bit of cream.  This dish was the best, no kiddin' around.  The combination of this and all the other things:  breads, spiced basmati rice (with cumin seed and whole cloves), a bit of chutney...was like spooning heaven into your grill, savoring each bite, and fiendishly looking for another scoop of this stuff.  Really, seriously...'twas that damn good.Service started out slow, as one of the two waiters were out on a delivery, and there were three tables (a four top and a six seated and started, and a party of eight coming in right after the two of us). This sweet man waiting on us had his hands full.  After a few minutes to get some water, and another few to get our order taken, he managed to catch up and we were on our way to having one of the best Indian meals we've ever had.  The other waiter arrived and helped him out of the weeds and all was well in Dehli!Four stars for our first visit, and if they can keep service from faltering, we'll give it another star.  Put this place on your short list if you're into Indian.
My friend and I checked out the lunch buffet early on a Sunday afternoon. The buffet was average in size - have seen bigger and more elaborate ones at other locales. The curry selection appeared somewhat diverse at first, but ended up all tasting somewhat the same and rather bland. They were too mild, which ended up taking away from the flavor strength overall. Temperature-wise, they could have been hotter as well. The cold selection had a basic salad (cucumber, tomato, iceberg lettuce) and a multitude of sauces that seemed like overkill. If you weren't experienced with Indian cuisine, you would have no idea what was supposed to go with what because of the layout. Polite staff and clean establishment. I would consider coming in for something other than the buffet so I could have more control over the heat and spice.
I've only ever had takeout from here but it has always been to my liking. I stick with the vegan options and the gentleman who always takes my order knows to not include any paneer or ghee in my dishes. They also make their naan for me without ghee which is nice.  I especially like their Bhindi Masala and Aloo Gobhi which are delish! And when I ask them to make it extra spicy they always accommodate. I've been to too many restaurants that when you ask for extra spicy they are afraid or something and hold out. It's quite annoying. Hopefully one day I will dine in.
Food was great and staff were very friendly. It was the first time trying Indian food for one of my friends and she fell in love. Had their buffet and when we got the bill, we were pleasantly surprised how cheap everything came out for 3 people. My friends and I didn't realize that they close around 2:30 for a mid-day break until after we left around 4:00, guess we should've checked their website cuz it didn't state the times on Yelp, but they didn't rush us to leave which was really nice. Definitely my go to place for Indian around the area!
I am usually very stingy when it comes to restaurant ratings but honestly this place has great food at an even better price. Try the combination dinner for two. Yum
This is my FIRST and ONLY experience with Indian food and I must say, I loved it!  The place as stated before is not all fancy, but it's cute enough to not be a whole in the wall. Very clean, good service but more importantly the food is GOOD!I can't remember everything I had, since I tasted pretty much everything on the buffet - which I would highly recommend as a newbie to Indian cuisine. Although I like spicy food, I'm glad things were made either mild or without any spicy-ness at all so I wouldn't be afraid to taste it.  Price is very reasonable, there's parking available AND there's a good ice cream place next door for desert! :)
After finding out that our fav local Indian restaurant had closed, we were on a search for a new one.  Thanks to Yelp, found Kamal Palace.  Review based on delivery only.  The food was delivered at the promised time and the order was correct, good enough start for me.  As usual, I ordered a little too much, but then again, we had to try it out.  Veg samosas, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala and garlic naan...yummy all around.  Very well seasoned, good flavors and fresh tasting ingredients.  Even though I had to order everything mild, the flavors were still there.  The only thing we found to be lacking was the amount of chicken in the tikka masala entree, the portion size wasn't great.  Lots of sauce, not quite enough chicken.  We'll definitely order again and again.
I really like this place. I order from here often and I love their paneer. It is always soft and flavorful. The chicken is always juicy and flavorful. Indian spicy has a bit of spice so if you like it hot, be sure to ask them to make it hot!I'm getting close to ordering just about everything off the menu. Garlic naan, saag paneer and chicken makhini....mmmmmm I have donethe buffet once or twice but I really prefer ordering from the menu. They have a couple of dinners for 1, 2 or 3 and you can usually substitute items pretty easily. BYOB so pick up a nice bottle of wine and call it a wonderful evening!
The hubs & I always manage to find a great Indian place wherever we live.  We've been to Kamal Palace twice and were impressed both times.  They ask how spicy you want each dish and, for us at least, when we said "medium" or "hot" they delivered exactly what we expected.The chicken tikka was moist & creamy, & the chana was fresh-tasting & perfectly seasoned.  I personally prefer my Sag Paneer with larger bits of spinach, but the taste was good.  The naan was just a tiny bit dry, but since we're both moving away from rice, it was fine to soak up the sauces with.
i've been to this place half a dozen times. always ordered something different and its great every time.  service is great and they do takeout.
3.75 stars... just can't make it to 4, but it's a place to check out.The onion bhajia appetizer was wonderful. They describe it as a deep fried onion fritter, but it was more like a cross between a non-greasy onion ring and a spice-free but perfectly cooked bloomin' onion. Picture clumps of sliced onions perfectly battered and fried. It was served with this great raspberry/ balsamic dipping sauce. This is a must-order dish at around $4, big enough to share.Garlic naan was really lovely naan, although kind of under-garlicked. Yummy though - we had two orders.The reason I chose this restaurant was the mushroom sag. I've had sag at several places but have never seen mushroom as an option. The mushrooms were great in it, although the sag was a bit more bland than I'm accustomed to. It arrived very mild, precisely as I'd ordered it.The bf got a lamb dish, cooked at a medium spice level precisely as he'd ordered. He enjoyed it (it was too spicy for me to really taste so I can't comment on it).The basmati rice was very average - nothing special.Service was good but we were the only patrons (other than a couple takeout orders) until shortly before we left. I found the lack of customers to be surprising given the good reviews and the fact that it was nearly 7 pm on a Saturday night. The restaurant filled up as we were ready to leave - one small table and a very large table of Indian folks - good sign for the restaurant! Lightly decorated but clean, comfortable restaurant. Fair prices (dinner for 2 was $54 with tip).Note, they have a lunch buffet and a Sunday dinner buffet.I'm looking forward to my leftovers!
I been there for both the lunch and dinner buffet and the food is always fresh and well prepared. The spice is just right and the pice I'd just as good. There's parking and the atmosphere is ok. Go for the food.
I've been here 6 times now but I've only ever had their naan and chicken madras.  It's just so good...
A neighborhood gem! it's a small Indian restaurant, on the end of a little plazathe people who run the place are so nice and friendlyfood is amazing, perfectly seasoned, and made to your level of spicy-ness.I recommend the bhindi gosht and lamb roganjosh, bhuna, madras, chicken tikka masala and of course tandoori chicken. dont forget the naan!also, i love that they always provide papadum with the mint yogurt sauce and the little spicy pickled stuff
So good! We got the lamb sag, the spinach was pungent and fresh, chicken tikki Marsala was what I expected and shrimp tikki Marsala, the shrimp was also extremely fresh. We also got the veggie and meat samosa which was new to us but very good! I am in love with this place and will order again
3 and a half stars overall for pretty good food, earnest but inconsistent service and a reasonably nice atmosphereFood: 3.75 stars. We started off with onion fritters which were outstanding. The best dish we had. It tasted like onion rings but without the excess grease. I also liked the coating on the onion rings which had a combination of traditional breading with some cornmeal. But the raspberry dipping sauce is what put this over the top. It was sweet without being cloying. It complimented the fritters without overpowering them.  Normally sweet on sweet is too much for me but in this case it worked. The sweetness of the onions went nicely with the sweetness of the raspberry/balsamic sauce to create an excellent appetizer. An odd combination that really works.The Garlic naan was good but underwhelming. I would have liked a little more garlic on itFor our entrée I had the Lamb madras. It was good but the spice level drowned out the sweetness. I love sweet/heat combinations but this had too much eat. The lamb was cooked well and the sauce was tasty but the heat as aforementioned drowned out the sweet.Her Mushroom sag was tasty. Had a creamed spinach consistency with some simple button mushrooms. Good dish but nothing that stands out.Service; 3 stars: Service while earnest was awkward. I don't think one of the servers spoke English. Furthermore, the food took an excessively long time considering we were the only ones in the place:However to be fair, they were relatively pleasant and weren't incompetent. I think it was more disjointed than anything else.Atmosphere: 4 stars: it's a small place that's very clean and organized. Has the look of an Indian place without the tackiness. Conclusion: I would come back again for the onion fritter. This place could be a 4 star restaurant but its missing something.  I would consider coming back and giving it another try.
Ate lunch here today for the first time. Food was good. Never really tried Indian food.  Wish they labeled more of the food though. Small and a little shabby but the kitchen seems to have skills.  My tummy wasn't used to the cuisine but my taste buds overruled that.  I'd go back.
Let me start off by saying despite my hesitancy to eat at an Indian restaurant in a strip mall, the food was surprisingly good--we ordered the chicken tikka masala and the chicken vindaloo.  I want to give them more stars because of the good food and service, but there are a few things that can't be ignored: - The place needs updating--gross carpeting, chipped paint on the walls, dirty windows, stained menus, and overall it needs a good cleaning. - The waiter brought me the wrong appetizer.  I cut through one of the items (it looked something like chicken nugget), before realizing it wasn't my order.  The waiter came to get it after realizing his mistake.  Instead of taking it back to the kitchen, he brought it over to another table.  I heard the other patrons complain about getting food that looked eaten.  Instead of getting them a fresh appetizer, he assured them it wasn't eaten and left it on their table.  Very strange and kind of gross.
2-17-11 great food in a nondescript strip mall in North Arlington.1-19-2013: We get takeout from here a lot. It is pretty good, but i wish that they used a fish that is not salmon in their curries, tandoori, etc. The spinach and chickpeas is AWEsome.
As my quest for the best Indian food in New Jersey goes on, I wanted Indian food delivered to me. I was too lazy to go out and wanted to be in the comfort of my own home.  I had ordered twice from Kamal.  The first time, it took less than the hour quoted.  When the food arrived, it was as if it came right out of the kitchen.  The naan was perfect and my Bayngan Bhurta was just perfect (I ordered it mild because my belly is a sissy pants).  I decided this would be my go to place for delivery.I gave it  second go a week ago.  The food was at my doorstep in an hour and everything was piping hot.  Ordering my food mild (see note above), the Vegetable Curry had virtually no flavour and it tasted way vinegary.  The naan was not nearly as perfect as it was the first time around.  The Bayngan Bhurta was perfect though so at least something was going for me.  And this time I ordered the Vegetable Samosas.  They were perfect, even hours later (which is when I finally ate them).When I attempted to order tonight at around 6 p.m., I called several times and got no answer, just a machine without the ability to leave a message. According to their website they are open for business.  I guess they just didn't want to business.  Or a four-star review.
I don't know what is the big deal about this buffet.  It was ok, but I have had better.   Had lunch today, it was not that crowded.  Considering it is Thanks Giving day,  may be less busy. I could not find anything which was out of the ordinary.
My second time at this restaurant. First time I ordered the food and it was really good Service was excellent and main dishes I ordered were excellent. I went again for the lunch buffet. For 8.99 they had so many varieties and food quality and test was good. I am going to be regular at this place.
The food has been being delivered a lot faster! 45-50 minutes I suppose it's a matter of when you order. The delivery drivers are always nice and double check the order with me at the door. The food is still as tasty as ever. This is my go to spot for deliver for Indian when I can't or don't want to go out. Friendly service! Mind when you call though I've called a few times that were peak rush times. They answer the phone very nicely and ask you to wait while finishing up with the customers that are currently there. It's a bit annoying when you're hungry and want to order but they're very nice and pleasant about it.
This is a standard Indian restaurant, I love this place cause firstly they deliver to my house and secondly I know the owners very well and get great treatment when I go to the restaurant or order on the phone. They are very helpful in recommending food items and at times I order things which are not listed on their menu. Their buffet is extremely reasonably priced. I am a regular at this place and would recommend their tandoori chicken it is very tasty.
I'm sitting here eating leftovers as I write this - and let me be clear - I'm addicted.  Their chicken Tandoori?  I crave it fortnight ;)  We've never actually eaten in the restaurant (though I have gone there to pick up.)  As many have already written - it's very unassuming and located in a strip mall.  That said, it's very cozy and has a relaxed atmosphere.  The staff are all fantastic - ridiculously nice and attentive.  Typically, it's delivery for us - and it's fast and friendly.  The ultimate critic is my wife - who "swore" she just didn't like Indian food.  The first time I ordered it and the aroma of cumin came bursting out of the food containers her eyes widened; she grabbed a fork, had her first bite - and now she's addicted too.  YUM!
We enjoyed our food , after fire works, we visited this restaurant for the meal, since we just recently moved in lyndhurst, after checking all reviews we tried it, it was not just the worth to try but so good, everything what we had starting from samosa palak paneer chicken tikka masala and how can I forget those delicious gulab jamun. Loved every bite of it! You won our heart and you will see us more often! Kudos!!!
We went here for the lunch buffet on a Sunday. My husband and I both agreed it was clean, the food was excellent, and the service was great. We would definitely come back here.
Awesome food... Especially Malai kofta.. The place is small and is in a strip mall but they more than make up for it by serving awesome Indian food.
This is one of the best local Indian restaurants I have found. I am very picky about Indian restaurants because I am Indo-Guyanese and can cook better Indian food at home. That being said, I have been here several times and the entrees here are great. The desserts aren't so good so I pass on those, and sometimes during the lunch buffet they do not refill the buffet offerings frequently enough, but I definitely recommend ordering from the menu here.
I am not sure what has changed since my first two visits, besides a couple of years...however, I have been a few times now again recently, and have really enjoyed eating here. I've gotten the combination again and enjoyed it, as well as partaking in the buffet, which even includes a section to make your own chaat dish. Additionally, they are extremely accomodating when it comes to asking for dishes without (dairy) ingredients.
Okay seriously, I cannot get enough of this place, and neither can my family!   I have been here so many times.  We order from here at least once a month.  We've gotten food for friends here before too, and they always love it.  My sister and I recently took one of our friends here to dine in, and she agreed, this is the best Indian food she's ever had.  When you dine in, it's so wonderful.  The waiters are very attentive and they truly care to know if you enjoy the food.  If you want to take someone here on a date or to introduce them to Indian food - you will not regret it! Also, this place is super super clean (yes, that includes the restroom!)  :) Best restaurant ever, hands down.  The food is definitely fresh and it is always so full of flavor.  Everyone who works here is super nice.  Love you Kamal Palace!
I agree with the previous reviewer.....finally a decent Indian place in the area and lucky for us they deliver :)Thanks to our friend who suggested this place :). We've dined in and ordered delivery and both times were great.  It's not the best indian food I've had but it's definitely up to par.   My only compliant if I had to have one is their rice as it can be dry and bland.Don't expect spectacular but it's definitely worth a visit if you live in the area
I just love it ...me n my wife have already ordered 5-6 times n food is awesome ...Manu
Excellent Indian Food! Chicken Tikka Masala is so tasty! And the naan is so fresh. I'm not a big Indian food eater but I'm a foodie & this place has converted me into an Indian food fan! We got takeout so not sure what the ambiance is like inside.
The chicken Briyani had raisins in it which wasn't tasty and big chunks for onion. I was expecting something better from this place BUT The chicken tikkha was very tasty !! That's worth trying for sure!
Very nice - one of the best Indian food I have ever had., have never been disappointed with the food - nothing bad to say about this place
As a New Yorker living in New Jersey it has been a constant search for great Indian restaurants. After testing out a few I found this gem. The food is the right mixture of spices,  not too salty and always very fresh. The service was very friendly and attentive. The restaurant was comfortable and clean. This is now my spot for Indian food in New Jersey.
My "usual" favorites are the mulligatawny soup, bhindi gosht and chicken vindaloo. The staff is always nice, their food tastes great and fresh - not greasy or unappetizing.  Kamal Palace is my only go-to for Indian cuisine and will not risk going anywhere else. Why mess with a good thing? Now, if I can only convince them to jar the red onion pickle/chutney in batches and sell them to me, or otherwise give me the recipe! Love this place.
So happy this place opened up near us!  The food is so delicious.  We have had the chicken tikka masala, lamb dishes, fish and shrimp dishes, paneer, samosas, naan, and everything is always cooked perfectly and tastes delicious!
Excellent Indian food in an area with not too many options for classic Indian cuisine. Went later on a saturday night and was seated in a cozy booth right away. Servers were excellent, very attentive and provided great suggestions. Opened the wine right away (BYOB always a plus!). The food was brought out quickly, they cook it according to how spicy you like it and they hit the nail on the head for both our dishes. Naan is warm, soft, and comes with excellent dipping sauces. Excellent!
I -cannot- say enough good things about these guys. Easily the best takeout option for 5 miles in any direction. The food is slightly pricier than you'd expect, but it is bar none the best Indian food I've ever had. Worth trying out, for sure.
One of the best Indian restaurants in Bergen County, Kamal has created a menu of traditional and innovative dishes and they all are wonderful. Try the coconut and raisin naan with your lamb or chicken and you will be ordering another one. It's that good.
This place is great.  I have gone to numerous Indian restaurants and this is my favorite.  I'm from Belleville and do not want to drive to NYC, JC or Edison for good Indian food.  I'm happy I found this place and it's so close to home.  The staff is very attentive and very courteous.  I always order the same thing, appetizer is bhel puri and samosas, and entree is chicken tikka masala.  The waiter already knows my order when he greets me.  Food is always good and their not stingy with the portions.  Items are also priced appropriately.  I also had this restaurant cater food for my family functions, always good service.
My girlfriend and i love this place its a great deal. Service is  friendly its never too crowded its byo so feel free to bring your favorite 6 pack of ipa to enjoy with the tasty cuisine.  The navratan koorma is nice and they can notch the spice up or down at your request. We usually get naan, a starter, the crispy bread and an entree each.
What a delicious surprise!!!! My wife and I are pretty big fans of Indian food and when we learned about this place, we were a bit skeptical. Having been disappointed with other local restaurants, we did not have high hopes.When we walked into the place, we were the only ones in the place, so we thought this was a bad sign already. We quickly glanced over the menu and realized they had many of the dishes we loved.  We specifically looked for Aloo Ghobi, but we didn't see in on the menu. To our delight, they said they could prepare then dish for us without any problem.  We also ordered Lamb Bhuna and Lamb Curry. The portions were perfect for too and most delicious. BTW, shortly after we sat down, the place was quickly filling up, the phone ringing off the hook with takeout and delivery orders.This will definitely be our place when we want indian takeout!!
Food is OK, not the best in town but not the worse either, place is small not good for a big group, it is BYOB, they offer dinner buffet on Sundays.
We have been eating at Kamal Palace since they opened. These restauranteurs are very accommodating. We've also catered from them twice. Everyone in our family loves their food.
They probably adjust their spice level to accommodate the majority of people that go there, so you need to make sure you say "hot" for medium and extra hot for "hot". It's well kept, the parking sucks and the lunch buffet is only 8 bucks. Dinner prices are a little higher than what you'll see at Newark Ave in Jersey City but it's average. I liked the naan, wasn't dry like some places. Downside are the booths, if you've got a waistline of 40 inches or more, then opt for the tables, the booths are really tight.
Kamal Palace has quality Indian food for lunch or dinner. The menu is diverse and includes explanations of nearly all of the menu items.  I've tried a wide range of chicken, lamb and vegetarian dishes and liked all of them. Some of my favorite entrees include the chicken madras, chicken dahiwala and the yellow dal. I like the plain naan, while my wife prefers the garlic, but both are good.  I have never tried the all-you-can-eat buffet. My one negative comment is that the appetizers are unimpressive. For the most part, they're all deep fried and don't bring a lot of flavor to the table. One notable exception is the panir tikka. For anyone who is concerned about the spiciness of the food, they can make it mild enough for children or hot enough for anyone to break a sweat. KP is located in a strip mall and parking in the lot can be tight, particularly Friday and Saturday nights.  If you're in the area, that's not a problem because they do delivery, which typically takes 30 to 45 minutes. Getting a seat in the restaurant generally isn't a problem, even on the busier nights. Decor is low key and the restaurant is pleasantly quiet, meaning you can hold a conversation without shouting.
Ordered for lunch after seeing it in a advertising magazine. ordered the chicken tikka masal.  AWESOME. speedy delivery. was shocked when I saw reviews here already bec i had never heard of it! a bit pricey for lunch but big portions . will DEF order again from there.
My wish for a nearby Indian restaurant was granted when Kamal Palace opened.  WOW, Great service, Amazing food.  They also have a good buffet on Sundays.  Check it out if you like Indian food.
FINALLY!!! I finally have an Indian restaurant in Bergen/Essex county area which I can recommend.  The menu items are pretty typical.  However, they are able to make food spicy and yet tasty (its difficult to get both).  The channa is great, bhindi nice and crispy, and overall great food.For people who are new to indian food the buffet is good.  The food is def on the mild side but has good variety and quality.  The restaurant is simple and low key, but has always had excellent service.  Also an added perk is that they have free low delivery.
Really good Indian food finally in Southern Bergen County! The take out is delicious and they do a great Panir. Have only done take-out but everything has been super hot and really tasty. Can't wait to try more dishes, the Naan is always really fresh and that's really important!
I was really please with everything at this restaurant.  The service was amazing. They were there to refill drinks and anything else we needed. The food was great! I loved the coconut soup. This place had great prices and also had nice portions.  I went there for valentines day and had a great dinner.  We had plenty of leftovers and they even put in extra rice for the food we took home.  I was really impressed by the whole experience. Sorry I don't remember the names of the dishes but all I can say was they were all perfect.
I have very high standards for Indian food having grown up in a country close to India with abundant cheap, authentic, fresh, delicious Indian food. Of all the many Indian restaurants in NJ and CT that I have tried, this is the best. We always order the non-vegetarian combination dinner for two, which is about $30 and is a TON of food - chicken tikka masala, saag paneer and tandoori chicken, plus naan and samosas and rice. It's enough for the two of us (and we have big appetites) AND we still have leftovers for the next day. Extremely good deal for the money as well as the quality! My only complaint is that they are closed Mondays!
I have been going to Kamal Palace since the day after it opened and have been a fan ever since.  We usually get take out and it has been consistently good.Our requested spice level is always met.The staff is friendly and the fool delicious.I would reccomend KP to eveyrone!
The food was delicious and the service attentive. On Sundays they have menu service and a reasonably priced buffet. Highly recommend.
Yummy food, I have been twice now and the second time was even better,  haven't eaten any other Indian food so don't have others to compare to so, but it was very good. Last time I had the lamb korma and my hubby had the chicken tikka. Both where very good and we shared some cheese naan.  Def going to try other places to compare to but for now I def recommend.
Solid Indian food for the lunch buffet and that's all I ever get there because you just can't beat the price.  They don't have an extreme variety of dishes at the buffet but it's all made up in the quality of the items.  They pull back a little on the spice but it's easily supplemented with a wide variety of condiments.  Staff is super nice and attentive.  Freshly heated naan brought to your table with buffet!
Three meals in and I really like this place. Although the buffet was disappointing on the third visit. Food was soggy and had sat around too long. Their Dal Tadka is very good.
Such a great place- since we've tried it, my boyfriend and I get takeout nearly every week now. I've gotten mostly vegetarian dishes- favorites being the Bayngan Bhurta and Bhindi Masala- though pretty much everything we've picked has been delicious.The buffet is great but dangerous since everything tastes so good...
The middle of the week and too late to make a homemade meal, me and my fiancée decided to find some good local food, we were not sure what to go for. We had been wanting for some good Indian food for a while, but all good restaurants that we know where at least a 20 min. drive.  So we decided to plug in in our google search for a good local restaurant and we found this place. At first I was not impressed with the decor and the location (a strip mall) nothing resemblance to a palace. As soon as we walked in I noticed almost all tables were occupied with a mixture of nationalities with the majority of them being Indian families. Next to our table there was a large party of at least 20 people with half of them being young children. It was rowdy at first, but once food arrived and our senses were engulfed in the smell and the taste of the food, everything else was irrelevant. One of the best ethnic meals we have had in a long time. We definitely marked this place in our books. Highly recommended!
My first time at this place. Food was really good and I would have gone with 5 star if chicken tikka was little better. Service was excellent and main dishes I orders (malai kofta and Chicken Dahiwala) were excellent. I will be going back and may change review to 5 star after my 2nd visit, hopefully.
My wife and i love this place. I hadnt had any experience with indian cuisine until we tried kamal palace. We've been regulars now for about a year.  I love just about every lamb and goat dish.  I usually go with lamb vindaloo and try to increase my spice level each time. Havent had a bad meal yet.  Ive seen the other reviews complain about the staff a little bit which i get, but for us thats almost part of the charm.  They all mean well and are always helpful and happy to have you.  We dont know whether this is the best indian food based on our limited exposure to it, but we know this tastes amazing and thats good enough for us.
I'm in love!  The food was delicious and the service was amazing!  The waiters made sure everything was okay, explained menu items to us, and even suggested how certain things should be eaten.  The restaurant looked neat, clean and the food seemed to be fresh.   I agree with the previous post that the garlic naan was delicious!  My friend and I both ordered chicken dishes (medium heat) and two appetizers.  Everything was tasty and I think we left the restuarant happier than when we arrived.  It was an all-around wonderful dining experience.  I'm planning to go back again this week.
Best Indian food in northern NJ.  Have eaten here three times, including the buffet.  Attentive, friendly service.  Excellent food.  Garlic naan was delicious.  Chicken tikka & masala is wonderful, as is the chicken meatballs with peppers & onions.  The vegetable dishes are perfectly spiced.  And the palak paneer wonderful.  Delicious condiments for the sesame cracker/bread served before dinner.     Tasty rice pudding and custard served with buffet.
My husband & I have had take out on 2 occasions and both times it was delicious.  The chicken tikka masala is very flavorful and the tomato soup is excellent.  We will definitely order again or next time try dining in.
I've eaten here twice already and love this place. The food was very good and the service was very friendly and attentive. I've had samosas, chicken tikka, puri, and the naan. All of the above were very good.
Great new Indian place in North Arlington. The lunch buffet is a really great deal. I have also eaten from the menu a la carte and done take out, everytime I had a delicious meal. The staff is very courteous and attentive. All food will be spiced according to your taste and the buffet is entirely non-spicy to suit all palates.
