My boyfriend and I were looking at the menu outside the door, the door opened and we were greeted with a smile and a friendly Hello!The food was delicious and flavorful, the atmosphere is full of colorful lights with cultural music playing, also a great bar area!Thank you Babu for your great service, we will definitely be back!
I usually refrain from eating at desi restaurants that are not in desi neighborhoods but Apna Masala is pretty good. Their Chana puri was great though it would have been better if it had aloo in it. The sangrias were pretty great, both the red and white. The chicken zafrani was absolutely amazing. It didn't taste like a dulled down version of it. The naan were also really good. Also I wanna say the service here was amazing. The atmosphere was pleasing. I enjoyed the bollywood music videos.
Great deal on restaurant.com, definitely worth it. Paid $3 for a $25 off $50. Ambience was okay - nothing special. Garlic naan, chicken samosas and chicken tikka masala were good. Lamb rogan josh is a MUST have - really soft and flavorful. Would definitely go back just for that. Service was very quick and waiters were friendly.
Came here because I purchased a Groupon deal for $15 for $30 to spend. When we walked in for late lunch around 3pm, there were no customers in the restaurant except a waiter was eating lunch. Of course, you would expect the service to be fast because there was no other customer. Unfortunately, our water and food took a bit of time to arrive. The chicken curry and seafood curry were decent; garlic naan was very bland and burnt. Just when I was about to finish the seafood curry, I found a piece of kitchen metal scrub in the dish. It was GROSS! And the waiter seemed to be unapologetic. Never going back again!
Very good food, the service was very attentive; even threw in mango ice cream as a dessert that was on the house. I liked their mango lassi, not too sweet and not too thick like some places. The butter chicken was really creamy; the chicken vindaloo was not as spicy as I would have liked but quite flavorful. The naan was warm and fluffy but a little on the crispy side (would've been nice if it was softer but still delicious).
My standards are pretty high given the abundance of good food in the bay area, but this place was okay. Nothing outstanding, and nothing terribly wrong. We went on with a Groupon deal, but otherwise I might choose to spend my money at one of the many other wonderful places to eat in NYC!
Wonderful little place for beautifully flavored food. The smells and flavors were so amazing we couldn't get enough of them.I was putting their mint sauce on everything, but it is spicy, the perfect kind of spicy. Loved the raita, great to add creaminess to the masala or just order a side of buttered naan and put the raita and mint sauce on it. Delicious!The service was great, very attentive and personable. We are by no means experts on Indian food, but our waiter was very helpful and kind explaining the foods and spices to us.We really enjoyed our meal and our time together.
I came here on a Friday night with 4 other people, and the restaurant was virtually empty. However, the interior is really welcoming and nice with all the lights. The food was very tasty, but the portions of the curries were smaller than I thought they would be. Prices were average.
Apna Masala is very cute, cozy, welcoming restaurant in the East Village. The decor with the lights and the warmth inside would have made it a pretty decent date night restaurant option if the food was a notch better. The service was very attentive. Polite, courteous staff which is very rare find in Indian restaurants. I wanted to be on the safer side and ordered chicken tikka masala, plain naan bread and chicken&beef samosas with soda. Totaling $30+tax+tip which would have been over the top expensive and very much overpriced if I didn't use Groupon. With Groupon still I felt I definitely was overpaying as they charge tax and tip on top of what you pay to Groupon. Entree portions are very small. Chicken tikka masala was a OK, not super but not bad either. What was really disappointing was the naan bread. I don't know how they managed to mess it up so bad. It was inedible (undercooked, rowdough inside, burnt outside) and they put a bunch of sugar in it which isn't supposed to be there. Chicken samosa was very bland, beef samosa was OK but needed asweet sauce on the side which they don't provide. Again, the dough was not right. 3 stars is because of OK entree and very meticulous, attentive and great service. Sorry but nothing too special to write home about..
This is one of the indian restaurant i will never comes back and i will suggest nobody goes this restaurant pathatic indian food they even doesnt no about how indian food cooked and i just want people to go some other indian restaurant and try their food and then judge which restaurant is better.I believe they are making fool of other nationlities who doesnt have tasted indian foodIm Indian Travelled all over the world and had best of the food and really had the worst expeirence, my family didnt had food and without having i have to pay 120$ imagine my experienceThe Manager says every people has their tounge on having food, i think he also try and making me a fool like others its very simple to judge the prepration and falvour of Indian Dishes like Dal Makhni they make of yellow dal, chicken tikka masala its sweet, mali kota its the old food they served which is hard, i have lot to say if i would have any rights i would close this restaurant and i will make the food myself to have people better expeirence and falvored food.Dont ever go this reataurant, try better in manahattan nyc
Very tasty Indian food. Was it the best, not in my history of Indian food but it was worth trying. The service was stellar but they should really work on their drink specials if they want to be competitive for that area. I had the chicken tikka marsala which is my standard and the flavors were rich and bold but their curry dish seemed to need more heat. It is a personal preference so don't judge by that. But do give them the opportunity to impress you.
Best Indian spot on the block. And hefty $4 sangrias... what?!?! The best. And service was amazing
I ordered here for delivery and was extremely underwhelmed. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, and clarified spicy on the order. I am used to hot foods, I am indian after all, but this was too spicy to even eat. My mouth was burning by the 2nd bite. I also ordered garlic naan and it didn't have any crispiness or anything "garlic" about it. The chicken tikka masala came with rice, but again so undercooked it was almost still hard/raw. Will I be ordering again from here? Probably not. Maybe its better as a sit down than as a takeout resturant.
I was in the area and wanted to try something new so we decided upon Apna. Not only was it a great restaurant, but it was also one of the best that I've gone to in a while. The service was phenomenal, very welcoming and friendly. As for the food, I could not stop eating. Everything was fresh and flavored perfectly. We had ordered the vegetable samosas, the Chana Bhaji, the vegetable biryani, and beef keema okra. For drinks we had a mojito, mango lassi, and a fresh lemonade. I do not have one complaint. Everything about Apna was terrific, and we will definitely be returning to the area just to eat!
**Owner sent me a compliment, hasn't claimed his business, and even posted a 5-star review that Yelp refuses to take down ("We're writing to let you know that we've evaluated Nazmul C.'s review of Apna Masala Indian Cuisine that you recently reported. Based on what we see in the review, we can't confirm that the user has a conflict of interest with the business. ")**Skipped the restaurant.com voucher way back when and ordered Eat24 pickup* of Chana Masala Curry (Vegetarian) (Garbanzo chickpea beans prepared with a blend of pomegranate seeds, dry mango, carom (ajwain), black peppercorns and garnished with ginger juliennes.)(How Spicy: Spicy) on a Friday, their only weekday lunch service. Arrived 10 minutes AFTER the pickup window to be told they had no record of it, and it'd be another 10 minutes; took 21, and no apology was offered. Rice container was completely burnt through, and had to throw the whole thing away; donut and its sauce were the only saving grace.*Their site mentions 10% Off Orders $20 or More
Came here for my best friend's birthday dinner - we had a part of ~18. BYOB, some forgetful waiters and tons of indian food. All in all, a good night? Pros:+Checks split by tables (we had about 6 in our corner, which was nice)+Good prices - we only spent ~$25 per person but ordered a TON of food. Usually in NYC, a dinner like this would mean $50 (or more usually), so this was a nice surprise! + Food came out fastCons:-Service in general was slow. I don't mean slow like we have a part of 18 slow, I mean slow like I ordered straws 15 minutes ago- Dirty silverware - one of my biggest pet peeves eating at restaurants that are seemingly a little dirtier (ex. may look like they are from the outside / based on decor) but then they actually are when you examine silverware. We had to send back 4-5 wine glasses and spoons because they were obviously not cleaned. Probably the biggest turnoff of the night (tip: always get straws, and wait for them). -Waiter tried to charge my friend twice for her water / coffee bill...? -Very small portion sizes - make sure to get an extra dish (you'll definitely finish it) Food was average - not the best Indian food, but what you can expect from a popular BYOB Indian restaurant. Stick with the basics - paneer tikka masala, malai kofta and palak paneer. Also try the onion kulcha - it's delicious! Overall, not a bad BYOB if you can overlook the small issues!
Great food and service!Nice atmosphere. Great chicken tikka masala! 10/10 recommend with rice! Reasonably priced
Came here recently for the deal offered on Groupon and I gotta say, it was really good. Split the chicken tikka masala and Bombay aloo.  The potatoes in the Bombay aloo were perfectly cooked and had really great flavor.  I have had better chicken tikka (it was still good) but the aloo was the redeeming factor  Service was very attentive as well. Outdoor seating on a perfect summer night was a plus!
Average food, A-OK service. 2.5 stars.We stopped here for a quick dinner and I'm glad that we didn't order too much. When we entered the restaurant, there was no one present to greet us. I had to go in the back to the kitchen to let someone know that we were sitting down for dinner. - Chicken 65 - tasted okay, but the dish is traditionally supposed to be very spicy... so if that is what you are expecting, you will be disappointed. - Dal Makhni - this is my favorite dal (I've had it a million times in the past).. but the dal here was really thick and lacked flavor, spices. It didn't taste good. period. - Garlic naan was fine, but I guess it would be hard to mess that up.
Excellent Indian cuisine! The food is so exceptionally delicious and what makes it so much more better is the good quality service. They are hands on, patient and super kind. We will definitely be returning!
We got a Groupon and decided to check this place out.  Excellent food, hard to find legit Indian food in Manhattan.  Generous with their papadums and the food quality and quantity was excellent.  Staff is super friendly and not pushy.  We will be back.
Good Indian food overall. Chicken tikka masala, vegetable samosas, garlic naan, were all on par. Also had some dal which was decent, but seemed like it could have used more salt/spices. Satisfied my craving for flavorful Indian food here.
Complete disappointment from the get go. There was just one table with people in it. That should have been a good indication by itself. The papad which was served on the house was not crisp. The green chutney was spoilt. Sweet chutney wasn't particularly good. The onion mix was good. The lettuce on the samosa plate was withered and old, samosa was tepid, and when I tried to taste it it was really foul tasting and smelling. When I complained to the waiter, he responded with we've already served you! I was happy to pay for the effort of them swerving stale and spoilt food, in exchange for not getting terribly sick. Oh also the tea is a tea bag one for 3$ - seriously?
This place is excellent!  Delicious food and superb service.   This is not your average curry house. You'll find the standards but also some wonderful, different and creative dishes like Chicken Zafrani Curry which has a sumptuous sauce containing cashews and saffron and Bombay Fish Masala Curry with coconut, garlic, ginger and other spices. Large selection of nans and other Indian breads. Many interesting veggie options. Definitely a southern (Indian) influence. Good prices, and they happily take Groupons, even on Saturday nights. The best in the neighborhood if you're after a terrific Indian meal; in fact, I've come back several times as a destination restaurant!
Terrible food, seriously over priced.  We left after two mediocre appetizers, and went elsewhere for dinner.We ordered an achari paneer wrap, and though it came out with some mild masala, instead of using a paratha, it came in a flour tortilla.  Not only did it taste like the step child of Mexican and bad Indian food, but for the price they charged it was insulting.We then tried an aloo pakora which though recently deep fried, was a soft, bland mash.  We then requested the check and left, instead of suffering through dinner as well.
I thought the Indian food here was average. I wasn't too fond of my scallop dish - the scallops themselves were just okay, not very flavorful, they tasted better when I dipped them in my friend's curry sauce, while the onions and peppers had a weird tang I didn't quite get into. The waiter was very attentive with refilling my water. It's a bit more expensive than some of the other Indian restaurants on the block.
Visiting Texan starving for something besides bbq and beans, this place was wonderful, great service and food
This place should not have any stars!! It's terrible food. The kebab was soooo hard-its mince meat, but the hardness suggested that it was made of ground bones as well because it wasnt frozen or anything...
I've definitely had better Indian in the city...probably on the same block.  The vegetarian options looked amazing but the dishes were flavorless.  I couldn't believe how utterly unappetizing the samosas were.  I never leave behind a samosa but this one just sat there.  Not even the crust was worth eating. Our main dishes were boring and didn't have the authentic taste you expect.  Not sure but it seems like the chef isn't familiar with North Indian cuisine.
Try the chicken tikka masala and the chicken zafrani curry. They're both very delicious. There are so many options to choose from this menu so I'm sure anyone would find something they like and the price of the food won't kill your wallet either. Must try the biriyanis next time to see how well they hold up to my biriyani standards. Oh and maybe the tandoori chicken too... i don't venture out to this area in town a lot but when I do, ill make sure to come back.
Pleasantly surprised by the great food here, delicious okra, naan, lamb rogan josh.  I loved the mint sauce and onions on the side.  they make an amazing mango mojito have a happy hour till 8pm!!  I loved the chicken tikka masala and next time I will ask it for it to be a little more spicy.  very nice waiter who checked up on us and will definitely come back to try more!
Wife and I spontaneously decided to eat here since we both love indian food. The table still had pieces of food on itself after cleaning. Glasses for water came with napkins in them. She ordered a mushrom spinach salad which was advertised with dried pinapple and almonds and orange. Almonds, dry pinapples and oranges were missing from that salad. She also ordered cheese bread which was delicious. I ordered tandoori salmon. I got 4 tiny chunks of salmon and five slices of onion and bell pepper. Coke that my wife ordered was not a real coke or was really watered down. Service was super slow. All in all, this was far from the worst restaurant experience, but I won't be coming back anytime ever.
Tasty food and friendly service. Good variety for vegetarians as well as meat eaters   The spicey chick pea appetizer and bread were especially good Definately one of the better places on 6th st!
Very cozy Indian place! I had a Tamarindo margarita which was delish. Our table shared chicken tikka masala and chicken curry and garlic naan. It was great! The staff was very welcoming and friendly which made it feel like a very intimate experience.  Very warm people who were grateful for our business!
My Indian friend and I found this place on Yelp, and we decided to try it for dinner. Though most of the so called Indian cuisine in NYC are not authentic-they don't add spices, the most integral ingredient of Indian food-this place, suprisingly, felt more Indian! We ordered Palak Paneer and it was so delicious that it made me homesick. Cost is reasonable as well. And if you're lucky, you might find a GroupOn for two!
The food is good. The place is cute. The only thing is the tablecloth does not seem to be very clean - it would make a better dining experience with that improved. I would come back again!
I took advantage of a livingsocial voucher for this unique Indian restaurant. You can almost forget how rustic and worn down the interior of this restaurant is by the giant 60+ inch tv playing bollywood movie trailers on loop. The food here was on the disappointing side. The Chicken Tikka Masala ($11.95) and Zafrani ($11.95) curries we tried were flavorful but the chicken cubes were very dry and hard to eat. Usually rice serves as the appropriate vessel to transport the curry to mouth but the basmati rice was hard and under-cooked and eating it with the curry was an insult to the curry.From this experience, I can say I had better Indian food from take out buffets.
By far the most excellent customer service I have received. I asked if they had a dish that wasn't on the menu and was told not to worry we will make it for you. This was the chicken korma dish. Can you believe that?! It was delicious too! Such excellent food, service, accommodations. Just a true two thumbs up! I would definitely go back again absolutely wonderful experience, thank you so much!!
Fast service, good food (tandoori came out hot as it's supposed to), and you can't go wrong with a bit of Bollywood in the background
Always wonderful food and attentive service at Apna. Love the decor and the Bollywood movies on the big screen. My go to for Indian in the city - bhona and palak paneer were really flavourful and the chicken biryani was large and really good too
The people are so nice, and the food is great. I highly recommend!It was my friend's birthday, and we had done a lot of hanging out before venturing to dinner. Of all the options on the menu, we have no complaints. The tandoori chicken was amazing. Tikka masala, can't go wrong. Chicken korma, really flavorful.We were on our way out when we realized we forgot to tell the server about my friend's birthday! So we asked him. And he said yes they could prepare something for us. They came out with a lovely piece of chocolate cake with a candle on top. It was so sweet! Other people in the restaurant were saying happy birthday to her...we did not expect such a heartfelt reaction. Will definitely be coming back for other special occasions!
The waiter sat us at a nice table section well spaced from other diners before additional people came in for later dinner service to allow conversation privacy. The decor was much more celebratory than it appears from the outside. The lamb korma was perfect with the paneer and garlic naan. The Happy Days cocktail was also very delicious.
Nice little restaurant tucked away in the midst of the St. Marks neighborhood.  The butter chicken is really good if you are a person who can't do tons of spice.  An intimate setting that's ideal to take a date or have a quiet conversation with someone.  I'd come back.
Great, low key NYC Indian restaurant.  The good is good, the service and warmth are great.  Very accommodating....
Read some poor reviews, but its not a very bad restaurant. I have ordered home delivery of Chicken Vindallo and Lamb vindallo more that 10 times and I have loved it. Been to the actual restaurant only once and the food was really tasty.
Delicious food, good value. My husband had a dinner special which included a veggie samosa with three flavorful sauces, and chicken tikka masala. I had a green mixed salad with house vinaigrette and the saffron chicken tikka, which came out on a sizzling platter with sliced onions and cilantro. We had to force ourselves to stop eating. Great place for a casual, good meal.
This is such a cute place! Such friendly people working there! Great vibes! I loved the service, not to mention the manager was so kind! Great for decoration! This is the perfect place for just a chill night or a fun night to go out with your friends! I'm very picky with Indian food but this place will be my go to! And it closes at 12 am so it's perfect for late night munchies, or if you get off work late or school!
Great service and the food is wonderful! Will be returning soon!
Great place for well-priced classic Indian dishes. The beef tikka roll was one of the best things I've ever tasted, especially with the Indian sauces they provide each table. Beef was very tender, and the outer layering if was wrapped in (not a tortilla but similar) was phenomenal.  Beef saag and baingan bharta were also great. The entree winner was the lamb pachanda. Our server was very nice and attentive. We'll definitely be back!
Although this review is for delivery, i'll definitely be stopping by the actual restaurant ASAP after the food and service I enjoyed tonight.Service 5/5I called the restaurant to make sure that my delivery.com order went through to the restaurant, because the website was bugging out on the check out page. The staff confirmed that they never got my order, took down my information and assured me he would call back if it still didn't go through after 5-10 minutes. I was pleasantly surprised when he called back a little later as promised to let me know that the order never went through. He was incredibly polite and took my order then and there, saying it was better to just call him with my order directly. Before we got off the phone he reminded me to contact delivery.com about the error and get a refund from them.The steaming hot food was at my door in less than half an hour!Food 5/5The Beef Rogan Josh is really bright and flavorful. Its also NOT slathered in a layer of oil like it is at some other restaurants. None of the flavors are overpowering. The tomato, spices and aromatics are well balanced and play off each other really well. Although some pieces of the stewed meat was slightly on the chewier side, but it didn't spoil the dish at all. It was a good dinner portion for one person on its own.I also ordered Chicken Samosas, which were flaky on the outside, dense on the inside, and delicately seasoned. There are 2 pieces in an order.
Great spot for Curry! Good quality authentic indian food and excellent service! They have outdoor seating and a full bar. We will definitely be coming back and are happy to have found a good local Indian spot.
The food are amazing and staffs are friendly. We had the lamb chop tandoori and curry chicken!! Will definitely go back and try the rest in the menu.  We even met the chef, he was super nice!
WARNING: check the rice pudding before you eat it. The last two orders I've placed had sour rice pudding. I've ordered delivery here a couple of times and the food has been great (minus the rice pudding). Unfortunately delivery times are often long and their phones never work. 3 stars for food, 1 star for service (or lack thereof)
Apna Masala is a great, casual, delicious Indian spot in the East Village. My boyfriend is from India so he is pretty picky about what constitutes as good Indian. There are a lot of amaaaazing spots in NYC for Indian food which is lucky, but most of them are fairly pricy (our favorites are Om Restaurant and Andaz on the Upper East Side, as well as Malai Marke downtown) - most dishes at these spots, even the vegetarian ones, are each $15+. So after drinks, naan, and maybe an appetizer, you've got a solid bill. Apna was a really great low-cost option. The food is good and the service is excellent. Ram was our server and he was extremely attentive and nice. We had the saag chicken and the chana masala and both were well done - not too heavy but still flavorful. Also, BYOB indian without all the crazy flashing lights is a big plus! I would recommend grabbing a cheap bottle of wine from Trader Joe's and heading to Apna Masala for a solid indian food night out on the town.
Five starts because our server was wonderful, the food was delicious, and the serving sizes were pretty good for the price! The restaurant is a cozy little place with pretty lights strung across the ceiling. It wasn't too crowded so it wasn't noisy - its a good place to go to have conversation over dinner. We came here with a groupon. What a good deal for the quality of the food we received! The chicken tikki masala was flavorful, the chicken was tender, and it came with a complementary side of rice. We got some cheese naan and garlic naan to go with the masala and wooowww it was the most delicious combination ever. I did not know that cheese naan could go well with chicken tikki masala, but it really does. Also I can't emphasize enough - the service was AMAZING. Our waters were always full, our food came out at a reasonable time, and the staff was so friendly.
Pretty stndard Indian food. Naan and tikka masala were delicious, but I didn't try anything else, so I can't speak to the rest of the menu. A little overpriced, but it is Manhattan after all.Might visit again if I'm in the area...
Apna Masala serves above average authentic Indian cuisine. The service is diligent and the prices are reasonable. FYI, Apna Masala is a BYOB restaurant.
I went here for a birthday dinner the other night and they were great! The staff handled our rowdy group of 10 with patience while we argued over how many garlic naans to order.  The food itself was fresh and tasty. My one suggestion would be to up the spice on the vindaloo. It was not the 4 say heat the menu promised. Additionally, they do BYOB which is always great for a boozy birthday.  Overall I would recommend this place for dinner or your next party.
Tried Apana Masala on the corner of 1st Ave. & 6th St. In the East Village today for lunch , the food here is fantastic and the owner and his staff are wonderful people.
I went to Apna Masala earlier this week with a friend for a late dinner. He had never tried Indian food before so I decided we both should try this place. It was far from disappointing! The ambiance & staff: It's really comfortable, warm and welcoming. The staff was incredibly nice & helpful, made sure that we enjoyed our entire experience. The lights hanging around the room make it festive & there's a huge screen playing really entertaining Bollywood videos. Side note: Bollywood videos are entertaining as hell and you can sit there and watch them for 3 hours (we may or may not have done this...) The food: We started with the chicken samosas -  samosas were soft inside with that nice flakey exterior. They made me the happiest person EVAR as they made me lamb korma (not on the menu, but they made it after I asked). I LOVE LAMB KORMA and Apna Masala got it right 100%. The lamb was tender and the dish was so tasty, we used the garlic naan to savor ever single bit of it. So yeah, I strongly encourage y'all to try it. We also ordered saag paneer which was perfectly fine, except the lamb korma stole the show. Giving this place 5 stars because they truly made our experience wonderful. The food, the staff, the very relaxed and comfortable atmosphere. Cheers!
Chill Indian spot in the East Village. It's reasonably priced and the garlic naan is fantastic. I came in a group of 7 and they accommodated us nicely. I'll definitely be back soon, was very yum! Bollywood movies on the tv are also a nice touch.
Please avoid this place at all costs. The food isn't very good and the people working there don't know what they are talking about.
Food poisoning from dinner here. Food tasted very good, but must not have been clean. We had the butter chicken and beef saag.
My girlfriend bought a Groupon for $30 value dinner and thought that this would certainly be enough for several dishes. To our dismay, the average price here was $15-16 per entrée so we ended up getting two appetizers and one entrée. The appetizers were good but to our disappointment, the size of the entrée was about the size of a small bowl. The spinach lamb was good but portion size was underwhelming. To top it off, the family next to me found glass in their rice (the following comments left below so it is legit). It was disheartening because the service was lacking and the manager doesn't want to take responsibility for said glass in rice. The family were very vocal but also very civil. Unfortunately I left before their issue was resolved. TL;DR, would not recommend, pricy + small portion size + bad customer service.
Im a yelp customer i stumbled across this restaurant called alpna marsala restauraunt.let me tell you its my first time eating in this restaurant. The food is fantastic very good indian food .the service was great. I highly recommend eating in this indian restaurant folks.and the ambience is great. They have a tv screen. Try this restaurant folks you cant go wrong.thumbs up.
Awesome dinner here tonight, great service and food; had the lamb vindaloo which was great and the shrimp korma;
First time was a charm. Unfortunately I can't say the same about last night's dinner. I ordered 2 classic chicken curries with basmati rice and a banana fritter. The delivery took over an hour and it arrived without any rice. I called to let them know and the person was very impatient to listen to what I had to say then he hung up. He called back 10 mins later to ask for my "whole" address. 10 mins after that he called back to ask for my phone number (which I called him with) After 30 mins I still haven't gotten my rice. I called to remind them and he said "the delivery guy left already. I will give you a complimentary side dish"The rice arrived 20 mins later mushy (was it even basmati?) and ICE COLD. (I live 4 blocks away from this place)The complimentary eggplant fritter was also cold and not crispy and practically had no taste. The curry though was delicious. And after waiting so long, we were starving and devoured it despite the disappointing rice.
I have been eating Indian food on East 6th street since you could go there and a lunch special which included soup, appetizer main course and a desert was $2.95. It was a standard joke along 6th street and every restaurant shared the same kitchen. Well since then, there are very few Indian restaurants left - I think that the Raj, and the Taj are the only ones left from that time. My go to is the (used to be Banjara now Haveli) which offers an incredible food of good quality but can be a bit pricey but a great place for dinner.  On Sunday afternoon we were looking for that lunch special kind of Indian experience we had years ago. Someone on yelp mentioned they were on restaurant.com so we went for it. Before the discount of $25 lunch came to $70 for 2 appetizers and 3 main courses and 3 cups of tea. No complimentary papadam and no complimentary desert.They had one waiter who was very busy and very sweet and accommodating. The food, sub-par at best. The naan was sweet, the keema parata had barely any meat in it and the bread was undercooked at gummy. The saag paneer had more sauce than spinach and the cheese was dried out. The lamb in the korma was ok but the flavors were not subtle and more of a mish-mosh. The curry  was more like a tomato sauce with curry flavor in it and the chicken overcooked. I would definitely NOT go back to this place. If you are willing to spend this kind of money, go around the corner to Haveli on 1st avenue just south of 6th street for really fine food. If you ARE looking for a lunch special we DID see one down the block which we will try next time but instead of $2.95 it was $11.95 which we would be willing to try for a Sunday afternoon.
A huge number of Indian restaurants have closed along what used to be Curry Row.  Too bad this wasn't one of them, for it was the worst Indian restaurant I've been to in 40 years of eating Indian food.  I ordered 2 items, and they managed to bring the wrong dish for one (or possibly both) and then overcharged for one of the items on the bill.  It's the only Indian restaurant I've been to where they haven't automatically laid out pappadam on the table, where the Indian beer didn't come with the bottle, where I've actually wanted to ask for salt because the basmati rice was so insipid.  The Kashmiri naan, "stuffed with a delicious mash of cashew nuts, pistachios, almonds, coconut, apricots, cherries & raisins," sounded wonderful enough on the menu but had barely anything inside it (and no sweet taste of fruit at all).  The saffron tikka chicken had no taste of saffron (or was it, as I suspect, chicken tandoori that they brought?).  Dishes were served in stainless steel containers rather than those special containers used by most Indian restaurants that seem to retain the heat, so they went instantly cool at the outdoor table.  All in all, a big disappointment.
I've been to several Indian restaurants on this block over the years but this one is at a higher level. Quality, delicious food including the chicken. Large portions. BYOB. Outdoor seating a huge plus on the side street. Very friendly staff.  Everyone was satisfied.  Only downside was the na'an - I recommend the chef try it at other restaurants on the block and see the difference.  Overall, as good as it gets for Indian food at a low cost. Highly recommended.
Delicious food and really friendly staff! Thanks Apna Masala! Full and happy. Come in for a fun time. Masala was delicious, veggies were fresh and yummy. Oh and margaritas were pretty darn good too!
i thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience here. my vegetable jalfrezie meal was extra spicy the way i like it, and kagi the server did an awesome job! i highly recommend this restaurant for quality indian food and service!
The location is great and the decor, staff and food could not be better. The waiter refilled our water 4 times and the chicken korma with rice was tasty and the sauce was wonderful. The rice portion was very generous and the bread was wonderful also.
Came to this place because of the high yelp rating; however, the chicken tikka masala was a disappointment. The flavor was not authentic. It is a good choice of you want Americanized Indian food.
Best indian food in the east village. I've lived in the E. Village for over 15 years on and off and I must say this is my favorite place. I never had a go to indian place now I do. Wait staff are so relaxed. Ambiance is simple and clean not too fancy, which is so refreshing. However, the food is my favorite part. Great Chana Saag, Samosa, Tea and the portions are big! I always indulge on the rosemary naan!
Wow. So good. The naan and the samosas were amazing, and the eggplant curry was delicious. It was relatively empty (most people were sitting outside because it was warm) but I liked the privacy. The ambiance was a little weird (the lights were oddly blue inside), but the service was very, very friendly. I took my leftover eggplant to go, and the waiter gave me a fresh container of rice so that I could have good rice when I reheated it- probably the only time anyone has ever given me new food for take out. 100% recomend!
Unfortunately, non Indians do not understand what real indian food tastes like so I would not trusts the reviews of non Indians.  I am an Indian, and I can tell you this place is awful.... Better to go to malai marke down the street.  We had an appetizer (paneer tikka masala) from apna masala to judge how the rest of their dishes were... thank god we did that.  The  paneer tikka was not tasty at all... so rubbery and gross.  The place is also quite disgusting.
I went on a Thursday evening. It was empty. We were one of four tables. The place is rather small with a lot of tables making the space feel a little claustrophobic.  Despite this, the food was great. The prices were reasonable. The service was good. We will go back when we're craving Indian food.
I just ate here wirh my family and we had a great meal. The waiter was really nice and attentive and the food was some of the best indian cuisine I've had in a while. Would definitely reccomend!
Service is respectful and efficient, and there's usually an available table. I've had almost all the vegetarian dishes on their menu. Their malai kofta is delicious and they do their saag paneer nice and creamy, just how I like it.
Randomly ended up here the other night and the food and service were excellent.  Really yummy chicken samosas.  I thought the place was BYOB, but they actually have a full bar.  Will for sure go back.
Great place. Amazing food. Very friendly service, all in all a great place. The portions were wonderful and their vegetarian selection rocked. Loved that the naan had flavor but wasn't greasy
The food here is amazing, and the staff is so hospitable! All the workers at the restaurant offered great service, and wanted to make sure we had a great dining experience. The owner even gave us complimentary dessert! Such a great restaurant, definitely recommend it.
This new place rocks. Great ambiance, large screen Bollywood, friendly staff, and of course the cuisine is inventive yet traditional. Excellent!
Great service, amazing food.  Chicken Tikka Masala was delicious and the Taj beer paired great with the spices!
Excellent food. Made me feel back at my friend's house with her mom cooking home made Indian meal. Definitely worth a try
Really poor delivery service: took 50 minutes (via Seamless) to deliver an admittedly delicious chicken curry, but with horribly overcooked rice. Then they tell me they'll send me another order of rice, which never materialized. Hung up on me when I called to check in. Won't be getting my business in the future.
Very good food, the eggplant and lamb was phenomenal. Excellent service. The chef is from Calcutta and was very pleasant. The chutney was wonderful. The Bollywood music in the background was a nice touch.
Ordered the shrimp masala roll, Kashmiri lamb rogan-josh curry and the paneer tikka masala. Shrimp masala roll was unexpectedly phenomenal, would definitely order it again. The other two dishes were tasty as well. The service was good! Very friendly!
The Vegetable Vindaloo is delicious!!We went back again twice! One of the guy there is really really sweet.The ambiance is very well decorated and the place is very clean. Can be romantic too
This place was great! Me and my girlfriend came here on a Thursday night with a Groupon deal and were happy to see there was seating outside. We each had a chicken dish, and ordered a side of Naan bread. The food was absolutely delicious and the Naan was so soft and fluffy, a great way to clean your plate! The staff was extremely friendly and attentive and even gave us complementary desserts to take with us! Would definitely recommend if you are looking for great food, good prices and a friendly and helpful staff. We'll be back!
Having dined at dozens and dozens of Indian and/or Pakistani restaurants in New York City and Brooklyn, along with a deep knowledge of what makes a great South Asian meal, my wife and I were very impressed with the menu, the service, and especially, the delicious qualities of the food and condiments at this very new restaurant (opened its doors in 2014).Located on the corner of 1st Avenue and 6th Street in the East Village, its location (the famous but time-worn Indian Alley) belies the terrific taste sensations that awaits your dining event here at Apna Masala.Do yourself a favor and give 6th Street another chance to satisfy your love of Indian food and make a date...they do a liquor license, as well.Enjoix!
Me and my boyfriend ate here a few days ago. The service here is AMAZING. Seriously, amazing. Extremely professional, friendly, and accommodating. From the bus boys to the owner - I've hardly met a team of people at a restaurant who were so nice. They were happy to seat us only 45 minutes before closing which most restaurants would not do. We weren't rushed at all, and in fact, offered desert. But we were too stuffed from all the great food!The food is delicious and fresh. The atmosphere is cool - beautiful TV playing Bollywood music videos. Awesome lighting. I would definitely come back here and I 100% recommend this restaurant!
Amazing food and the best service!!! Also a really great deal... And I can be a tough judge. I took my parents a few weeks ago for Mother's Day and they loved it. It's really a gem in the East Village!
'm a foodie in NYC. I've been to many Indian restaurants even one of the best Tamarind.  Dollar per dollar the best Indian restaurant around.  Rather new spot that opened up.  I tried the chicken tikka, tandoori kesari paneer, chicken curry, lamb pachanda.  All were very good, well made, flavorful.  The place is not that fancy, and rather small but if you look past that you won't regret eating the food.  The service I forgot to add, is impeccable!  The owner is super nice and makes you feel like a Raja.  Oh I forgot the Mango Lassi is awesome, ordered two!
Very, very good food. Partner and I had the palak paneer and aloo gobi. Maybe the best aloo gobi we've ever had, it was delicious, and the palak paneer was great as well. Veggie pakora were a little underwhelming. Price is about the same as the other restaurants in the neighborhood, perhaps $1-2 more than average there on some of the entrees. Service was good. Will be coming back here!
Great food, good location, reasonably priced, cute decor, awesome wait staff. What more could you want?
Incredible staff and the food was delicious. We enjoyed the Ginger Gobi so much we ordered extra to take home for a midnight snack. The lamb vindaloo was also VEE tasty - spicy but not so hot that you cannot taste the flavors.
Note that this is for a vegetarian meal.We got appetizers and a couple of entrees (paneer, chana) but nothing wss good. Flavors were weak.Not coming back.
Amazing amazing amazing!!!! Loved this place, great food but above all the service was so great. Oh and byob!
Wonderful meal and wonderful service! We tried three dishes for lunch - chicken curry, palak paneer, and tandoori chicken - and all were delicious.  The rosemary naan was a special treat. So happy we found this place. We will definitely be stopping by the next time we're in Manhattan.
Amazing food, attentive service, very good atmosphere. Definitely going to be bringing friends here!!
Just fantastic food,  service and ambiance.   Great location, menu-options, and overall quality.  Highly recommend it to one and all - you will  not be disappointed.A gem in every sense of the word!If you eat one meal in NYC, make sure you eat it here as the taste is beyond comparison.I seldom wax poetic, but here I go!! (Sung to Rod Stewart's 'Have I told you lately'):Have I told you lately, that I love your food?Have I told you lately, there is no one else so damn good?Fill my tummy with gladness, take away all my sadnessEase my hunger (and then some!), that's what you do
Terrific food, quiet space on weeknights, and what I love the most is the raw mirch (green chili pepper) option on the side, just like home style.
We were craving Indian and based on the other Yelp reviews, we decided to pop in for a quick dinner.Everything we ordred were delicious (chicken tikka masala, chicken korma, lamb vindaloo, palak paneer, and malai kofta curry), and the service was quick and attentive.Really enjoyed our experience here overall and will definitely go back next time!
Wonderful service, great food. Quick and reasonably priced/portioned. I especially liked the Dal Tadka and Tandoori Chicken. Just wish they had sweet lassi on the menu (seemed to only have mango). Overall left the place very happy and full!
We re-visited this restaurant in September and found that the food was sub-par. Wondering whether ownership and/or chef have changed. The tandoori chicken was wet and the Madras was tasteless
Best Indian food I've ever had. Service is amazing. I would totally recommend going here--great place for NYU students to hang out.
The food is delicious and the service was great. It really is a shame so many amazing spots like this one are closing in the area. Best vindaloo around. Must come back soon!
The food was good as well as great service. Only drawback is they charge for basmati rice which is strange for Indian cuisine. No papadum which was also odd. I would go there again.
Food was great however we had insects falling in our food. Manager was ok I will help you change the table, we were appreciative changed the table. Still noticed we had some insects in our dish and just lost our appetite. Manager came and asked us, do you want it to go, we were like No there were insects in our dish. Without any arguments he cleaned the table got us a check. We were expecting some kind of discount or no bill to pay at all as we just left our food in the plate and dish. A few dollars here and there don't matter but it's the thought that would have mattered. The food was tasty and service good too , but not sure what happened towards the end?!? My guess is inexperienced staff! Will make me think about going back there a second time.
We Had their special ginger gobi appetizer -- unique and delicious!  The lamb vindaloo was perfectly spiced and cooked also.   The staff is engaging and knowledgeable.   Loved it.
Service is amazing- not only did we get to try a variety of Indian foods, but our waiter taught us a bit about Indian culture, specifically Weddings. Tiki masala was great we got lamb. Biryani was a little dry but after adding lemon and the dark sauce left on the table it was yummy too. Oh strangely, while not Indian, the key lime pie was incredible
Great food, service very friendly. Minor remark goes for the bland samosa as starter. Compensation came with a proper chicken tandoori, like I had in India
called for takeout and walked right down, they had it ready in 5 minutes. chicken tikka was delicious, surprisingly high quality. folks working there were really nice. i'll be bach
Loved the food, portions, and service. Had the chicken korma, chicken with lentils, and the shrimp roll; all were so tasty! I would definitely return.
I got a groupon for this curry spot(paid 12 dollars and could spend up to 30). Ordered a lamb saag and tikka masala curries which were served with free basmati rice. Made an additional order of two plain naans just because I love curry with naan. Curry was quite delicious, loved the fact that I could even see some pieces of spinach in saag, usually it's just a green spinach paste. I am giving them 3 stars just because their naan was substandard and without any butter?!!! First time I had a naan without any butter on top of it and it was super dry and hard to eat. I don't think it pays of to go there without a groupon as each curry is at least 14 dollars.
A couple of friends and I decided to try this restaurant last night. And I was glad I found an Indian place, and since my friends came from Connecticut to visit, I was excited for them to try something new. Honestly the food was okay, until we found a piece of glass in our rice. After showing it to our server, he took it to the kitchen and offered no apologies. We patiently waited 15 minutes until someone showed up and even then he did not offer an apology. His statement to us was "well the rice is free, you're not paying for it".  He had no understanding of the damages this piece of glass could've caused had any of us swallowed it. We then asked for the manager which we were told was here, but then was told was not around. After insisting that we see the manager, he came and stated he was busy and started offering us discounts and still did not apologize for the incident. As a student at NYU,  I have never experienced customer at this level in the village, or any place around it. So if you all are going there, please make sure you check your food. This is not to instill fear, but just be cautious.
Went for a group dinner here on Friday - I'm from north india and the food was like home cooking, not like the terrible fare from some of the chain Indian restaurants in the city.  The BYOB and bollywood movies playing in the background were added bonuses.  The salmon tikka and the chicken tikka are both out of this world.
Very clean and pretty restaurant.  The food is fantastic, so fresh, great flavors.  Love the shrimp curry and the naan bread.  Good size portions, a good value for the money.
Great Indian spot on East Village's 6th Street. My girlfriend and I went a little early on a Saturday, and were surprisingly the only customers. The staff was so nice and friendly, but not overbearing. We ordered the chicken makhani and Bhartha. Both were fantastic...among the best Indian I've had in the city. The prices were affordable, and we left with smiles on our faces.
I've eaten at many indian restaurants before, but none have been so good as to compel me to leave my first Yelp review. This place is that good. The atmosphere is unique, and the staff is friendly and accommodating, but the reason I will be going back is the food. Given that it was my first time at the restaurant I felt that the Classic Chicken Curry would be a good place to start. It was fantastic and I very much look forward to returning and enjoying the many other fine dishes on the menu.
This place is awesome!! My friend and I were searching for a good Indian restaurant and I must say we found one. We walked in and were taken to our seats right away. The waiter was super kind and made sure our experience there was perfect. Our glasses were always refilled when needed and the wait for food wasn't too long. The restaurant is also very clean which is always a plus. Overall, we will definitely be going back for more and you guys should definitely give it a go!!
We came here at an off hour on a Thursday, and while some staff at other restaurants may enjoy their break and want to boot us out, the service here was wonderful. Besides the service, the food was delicious. We got a lamb-based appetizer and vegetarian entree. They even gave us some complimentary Indian bread (not Naan, something else). Very kind people, and delicious food. Highly recommended!
By far the best Indian takeout food I've tried in this city. Everything was perfect and reasonably priced. Thank you!
great service: everyone was attentive & accommodating - which is surprising, given the size of our group.it is BYOB & there is a wine store nearby. the food was very good (we ordered several apps/ curries; paratha, garlic/ kashmiri/ plain naan; acchar & chai) & prices were reasonable.
Great place for curry in LES. Very friendly service and well spiced vindaloo. Prices and portions are better than I have seen in Manhattan.
Fabulous New Restaurant.  I just ate at this restaurant tonight (5/25/15).  The staff is as fabulous as the food.  They are very sweet and anxious to please.  I had a glass of Merlot (great), Lamb chops tandoori (extremely fabulous, made with lots of onions and peppers and had a marvelous taste), Baingan Bhahtha (mashed, smokey eggplant ... one of THE best I have ever had) and garlic nan.  The prices are very reasonable.  I sat outside in front.  Run to this new restaurant.  It's in the location of the old, phenomenal, Banjara Indian restaurant.
We decided to stop by cause we were craving curry, and boy did this place surprise us! After tasting their food this place has quickly rose to one of my top fave Indian restaurants. Service was extremely friendly and professional. Great place with great prices too. Would definitely recommend and become a regular.
We had a wonderful meal at Apna Masala on a blustery cold night.  We were warmly welcomed  and settled in for a delicious dinner of ginger gohbee, shrimp curry and chicken zafrani.  I can't wait to go back!
