Some dishes here looks better than they taste, and some taste better than than they look. It is not the healthiest food, and some of the food here is greasy, but it taste different from many other types of food I tried, and it was interesting to experience food with new flavored.The place is not that big, and offer delivery, take out, and I guess that if you know what to choose, you are likely to enjoy food that taste good. Didn't like the fish, lived the meat, the sweets were OK.
since the weather is no longer roasty i decided to walk up to this place, which had long been on my list of places to visit while i'm living in the area.the ordering process was a little confusing, similarly to other indian/pakistani/bangladeshi restaurants of this setup - but i was able to get the equivalent of a lunch special (2 curry/veg dishes with rice) for quite a decent price. everything in the hot bar looked delicious (even if a bit oily) so it was hard to decide! i decided on chicken curry, and chicken in some sort of pickle/green/creamy sauce, both over basmati rice. a naan and one order of ras malai brought my to-go order up to a whopping $10 - pretty reasonable if you ask me, for an amount equivalent to at least 2 meals.as for flavor, it was pretty tasty, though may fall slightly short of haat bazaar in queens - more visits should be in order to sample their other offerings though! the ras malai, however, exceeded everything that i could have dreamed about! and reading the other reviews i'm very excited to come back and try the kashmiri chai.as for ambience, if you're looking for a fancy romantic experience this wouldn't be the place (unless you ordered to go and dolled up your home with candles and such) - but if you want a flavorful and inexpensive meal definitely check this place out!
Food was good and delivery time great! Far better than expected. The part which spoiled it all was how they handled my call. Really need to work on customer service and be patient with regards to questions based on menu items and with first-time callers.
Food was good. Until...the older hijabi lady, who brings the food to your table, literally asked if my brother and I spoke Urdu and then she had the nerve to say we are fat and need to lose weight and hit the gym!!! My friend translated it for us because she said it in Hindi or Urdu or whatever. Mad rude!! Even if we were Noticeably fat, it doesn't give them the right to talk crap in another language in our face... How do you say that to your customers? That made the whole experience bad. And to top it off, I feel like We got this treatment because our skin isn't brown and We are not from Pakistan... If you are Afghan, Iranian, Turkish or etc then stay away or else you'll be judged by this rude culture...
i love this spot ! it has the best butter chicken and roti ! the best spinach and potatoes! the best custard i have ever had!
What a wonderful experience to eat here. The people are so polite and very friendly. I took my friend Robert here to eat and he too was happy that we were looking for vegan food for him. The lady was just very pleasant. Go enjoy.
Food was 5 stars ! Service was a zero but the waitress was nice . I may come back but at least have decent customer service .
Great, earnest people.  Awful food.  It is all swimming in fat and spice, masking poor ingredients.  The Kashmiri chai looked was a lurid pink and fatty.  The mango lassi was like watered down Dannon yoghurt.  The tables were sort of clean. But the worst was the bathroom.  It was a slick swamp.  A poor place for men. An awful place for women.  Seriously, the health department should be called.  This is a NO GO, with no second chances.
They recently just reopened again but this time in a new location best place to get some grilled fish and lamb chops they have alot of dishes to choose from and alot of veggie dishes as well yes i recommend this place to go to and it's bigger than the old location plus this would be a good place to go on a date
I love this place. My husband and I order from here all the time. The food is flavorful and the staff is usually pretty friendly over the phone. We've tried several things from the menu and all have been so good. Prices are decent and you can pay with card when you order so that's always a plus for me. Delivery usually takes about 45 mins to an hour and I'm about a mile from here. Have yet to go in person to check out the sweets options but I ordered one traditional Indian sweet once and honestly don't remember what it was but it was also tasty. Only downside is occasionally one delivery guy calls when he arrives and makes me come downstairs to pick up my delivery order outside.
They have the best South Asian sweets in the US: a fan of their Jilebis, also gulab jamun. Their Jilebis remain crunchy for weeks and even a month. Wish they would ship food out of state. Non-sweet food is good too.Good for takeout and delivery, but the ambience inside is not so recommendable for dining in.
Great food and great service. The place is clean and the waitress was really nice. Also, their Kashmiri tea is awesome. Would definitely come back. And their prices are incredibly reasonable
You must try their special creamy chai! They have it ready and heating, which makes the pinkish tea with cream and slivered almonds just a delicious, creamy frothy masterpiece. I broke my fast with this a few days ago and it's transformed tea for me! I didn't add any sugar and it was just as sweet but do take the extra slivered nuts on top. The last time I had what we call Qaymaq Chai (cream tea) was when my friend came back from Afghanistan and she made it for me in my kitchen. It was divine! The pink  color comes from the strong green tea and then cream. There are no color additives FYI. Yum!
Hands down the best food in NYC! Absolutely delicious, fresh food. Have tried several things on their menu and never been disappointed! Their haleem, paya, goat curry, daal, palao and biryani and all 5 star! So are their bbq items!! Excellent, friendly service and staff..which is a plus for any desi restaurant!
I've eaten here several times, and have really enjoyed all of my meals--the food of fresh and well spiced Pakistani out shines the other eateries in the area, service is pleasant. My favourite is their Beef Nihari, the Paya is also good!
Chicken kebab and naan is hands down the best I've had in New York City, not just Brooklyn. They must have gone through a recent management change cause the food is a lot better and the setup is really trendy and new.
Hands down best desi food around!!! Even tho the restaurant is fairly new, they took their entire staff from Bukhari Restraunt (+30 yrs, just closed) including the chefs i.e, the food is on point. The prices are very reasonable, and the owner Naseer was very friendly, professional, courteous and overall just a nice guy. I usually get the following: beef nihari, lamb, biryani, sikh kabab, kashmiri chai, roghni (sesame seeds) naan, and sweets. Food is always fresh, cheap and tastes great!
