Delicious food, great service and a wonderful atmosphere! From starters to dessert; and real indian food We will be back
This is the go-to place in CIA. I went back and was pleasantly surprised by the food and loyal lunchtime crowd.
Delicious food. Great service. Really packed around dinner time. The staff is nice and courteous. Def coming back again.
They renovated their restaurant trust me its one of the cleanest desi restaurants I've ever seen. Their sweets are gold!
More like 3.5 stars. This isn't a fancy restaurant, but they do serve you at the tables and you pay at the cash register at the end when your finished. I think the service was really accommodating! They were very kind and willing to make all the adjustments we wanted. We wanted to try more dishes, but just to sample them because we weren't too hungry so they created a smaller sized plate and mixed many dishes on their. As appetizers we got papri chaat, which was alright. We also got a sampler platter of the butter chicken, chili chicken, palak paneer, and pakoras. Everything was really rich in flavor! The food would probably be a 3/5, but it satisfies any craving you may have. All the food is pre made, but they heat it up before serving. They have a large selection of food and it's nice because you can see all of it before ordering. According to the locals nearby, this place is better that others in the area. I would recommend it to anyone looking for an inexpensive desi food.
I love this place! The food is amazing! I always stop I if I'm in the area passing by and I'm hungry or getting my car detailed I'll spend the 30 minutes here! They're food is amazing! Try there naan and their fried fish also! The kababs are great! And their curry sauced Chicken or lamb is amazing too! Their veggie mix is to die for! Lol I'm getting hungry just thinking about their food!
I'm so disappointed! I thought I'd found my go-to place in the neighborhood, but the service today was so rude and dismissive! The server wasn't listening when I ordered my roti so he got it wrong and I had to wait while they made another; no apology for making me wait, of course. (He also didn't listen when I said I didn't need napkins or plastic,). My saag paneer had exactly one piece of paneer in it (for this I paid an extra dollar?), then he overcharged me! Two stars because I still like the food; maybe if you are a man you will be treated with more respect ...
The main great thing about this place is it is open 24/7.That is actually how we ended up there. We needed a place to eat at midnight and it was the only Halal place that we could find that is open. As for the food.. Our meal came with soup. I didn't try this soup because even though I am quite familiar with Pakistani food I wasn't familiar with this at all. My friend said it was disgusting so I am happy that I passed. The main course itself wasn't that great either. My dish wasn't really that spicy and honestly didn't taste that fresh. So I had to struggle to get it down. The best part of the meal was probably the chai at the end. That I enjoyed. And it helped wash away the taste of the meal. I wouldn't say it is the best or freshest Pakistani food in town. The staff is friendly. They served us and were very polite. We paid $18 for dinner for two.
Great cheap food and the naan is special. I'm always apprehensive about buffet-style, but the quality won me over.
I have a theory that any restaurant that serves goat is worth a try. Marshallah Sweets & Restaurant proves my theory is sound. While it doesn't look noteworthy from the outside (or the inside, for that matter), the food is fresh and absolutely delicious. I ordered the goat curry with a side of spinach and lentils, and my hubby ordered the lamb and plain naan. The server mixed up the goat and lamb, but we didn't care as they were both so tender they were nearly falling off the bone. As we ate, fresh bread came out nearly every five minutes from the kitchen; clearly, the bread is made fresh on the premises. As we were leaving, we picked up a few pastries to take home. A friendly Pakistani customer helped us choose from the wide selection, and told us that Mashallah is known in Pakistan as having some of the best desserts. A great alternative if you can't get into the nearby hipster The Farm on Adderley.
I ordered food for 10 people and the price was pretty reasonable. I ordered their butter chicken, rice and nane! YummyNext time I want desi food, I'll be coming here.
Absolutely Delicious food and sweets too ! Great polite service too ! Will be back soon
Have ordered delivery from here a few times now. Each time the food has been good, especially the chicken tikka and mango lassi. Everything has a kick to it so take that into consideration.
This place is amazing! Their chicken butter with their garlic naan is my favorite. And their lamb chops are to die for. A great place to eat Pakistani food
the food is good but the person in charge of picking up phone calls is so damn rude!!! there is no need to be like that! if i'm talking to you nicely don't snap at me and talk to me like i'm 5 years old! teach them some manners on how to talk to women! reading other reviews seems like your staff lacks that!
Very dirty and the food is pre-maid. They just heat it up and it's still uncooked and disgusting. Absolutely horrible place to eat.
The man was nice, but the samosas and chana masalas were.... Terrible. The chana masala is very bland and tastes gelatony. The samosas are just sour. Would not recommend
Unlike NY's many disappointing desi places, food here tasted good. Service/people here were good too. I give 4.5 stars.
They pulled the "our prices have gone up but we haven't changed the menu board" trick on me. I won't go back.
Came across this place and decided to try it out. The desserts are so good! Been looking for a great Desi sweets place. The jelabis and the chum chum are on point! The other great thing is they're open 24/7. The have a grade A and the place is very clean. Customer service was nice and friendly. When asking questions, they knew their products well. They also have breakfast, lunch and dinner menus. So a nice all around place with great prices.
Great. Best restaurant in the neighborhood. The food is crack and open late. What more do you want.
my friends live around this neighborhood so i yelped for economic places to go eat and this place popped up. they serve buffet style. i have no idea what i ate. i asked the guy behind the counter to hook it up for me. he asked if i liked spicy food and and i said no because some people are not sensitive to fire and i am. I'm afraid most customers at this restaurant eat way more spicy food than i do so i rather play it safe.my meal was awesome. it even came with a small soup as a  side. i don't remember how much i paid for this but i want to say it was around 12 dollars.
Woah this place is so good and insanely cheap. A friend and I found it thanks to other yelpers. We had a variety of items: naan, butter chicken, daal, chana, and some other things we just pointed to because they looked great. Everything was so flavorful and perfectly spicy. The service was great and everyone was super friendly. The best part is the kulfi cardamom flavored ice pops near the door.  We wished we grabbed a few for the freezer. They are the best I've ever had. This place was a win and we'll definitely be back.Tips: there's a counter where you order and the food is in hot trays. You can eat there or take it to go. If you eat there, you pay after and they give you some yogurt, a mini salad and a pitcher of water. Also, it's 24 hours!
I like the fact the day open 24/7 their food is amazing everytime I'm in the neighborhood I try to stop by there just to grab their food and I love their lambs
Came to Coney Island LunaPark with my friends they other day, on the way back we decided to try this Pakistani/Indian place. We have parked our car close by. We didn't not plan to come here, but I'm so glad that we did. The food here is heavenly, MashaAllah!The best samosa chaat, the best naans, and the best butter chicken. It was finget licking good, I cleaned my place fast. The food is freshly made.Their service is good, very professional and friendly staff. Have made great suggestions to us. A truky authentic place, for all of you Pakistani food lovers. So much flavor and taste in their food, I like the cuisine from this region. The best part is the price - so cheap and affordable. It s a pleasure. Will bookmark this place and be back again, when we come to the Brighton Beach in the summer.
Food here was okay. I saw the reviews that stated they like to overcharge people so it wasn't as surprising when they did it to me. Used the same line that the prices had all gone up across the board but had not yet updated their menu as the other reviewers have been stating for months. Overcharged by $7. I complained for a while and they took $1.50 off the bill. Buncha jerks if you ask me.
Only reviewing the days since it's the only thing I got. Came in on a late afternoon/early evening cause I was passing by the area and had the munchies. Ordered a box of assorted sweets and each one of the were on point. They all tasted fresh. They have other hot dishes available on the spot and for ordering. I tempted since all the food smelled sooo good but opted or for the sweets since I was on the go and in a rush. Ps. When reading Desi food one should sit down and carefully devour one's food because curry is a B to get out of your clothes
Ridiculously Expensive compared to other restaurants in the neighborhood. Worst Service. Will not hesitate to charge you extra.
LOVE IT! Excellent dishes, tons of deserts to choose from and priced just right. 75 cents for a samosa? $2.50 for garlic naan? Yes please! The staff is super friendly and the service is fast. Excellent!
These guys are the worst, they take my order down then refuse to deliver it 5 blocks away. They told me they have no delivery guy after I told them the order was for delivery. To top it off they are rude on the phone and don't treat you like a paying customer. Bad business I'll never buy from here again.
Excellent Staff!! Always Pleasant whenever I visit.. BEST PAKISTANI RESTAURANT IN NYC!! Not to mention the food is always delicious!!
Since I am a vegetarian,I have limited options when it come to pick a dish.I mostly get Chana masala with rogini naan.Everytime we are around this area,this is our go to place.
I have been going to this place for about 1 year now and i love the food esp the lamp chop and everythign else the place is clean and the staff is always friendly event. I also meet the owner a few times who is extremly friendly and courteous.
The foods are freshly made. Much better than other Indian-Pakistani-halal places on Coney Island avenue. Lamb chops are amazing. Don't forget the milk-spice-rich chai and kulfi to finish up your delicious lunch!
This place is AUTHENTIC, legit and all the way around a smash hit. The sweets too are super, always fresh and there is great variety. My personal favorites from the menu are the (darker) chana daal, Chicken and/or lamb curry, tandoori chicken is off the hook, their Naan is amazing. Here's my insider tip providing you don't speak Urdu....be patient, order your Naan and anything from the kitchen the minute you walk in...it takes a long time! But its fresh. If you want the items ready to eat at home , you have to ASK to heat them. The buffet pan is not heated as one would think. Also, every single time I have been in there, the chef or a cook is ALWAYS and perpetually bringing out new freshly made dishes. I dont think anything sits around due to volume and turn over. They cater to heavy paki population and thats the style, so if you are like me...the only white guy I ever see in there...hahahaha, just roll with it and be patient. Its worth the wait. Once you get to know them, it goes a lot smoother. Odd but true. Overall, I love this place. The food is so flavourful and authentic and also not too greasy which places like Madina just have their food swimming in oil. Not cool nor healthy. Im a regular and eat there once a week. The prices are phenomenally reasonable and oh...as people have mentioned the obvious....24/7....amazing!
My mother, sister, and I came here two nights back for sehri and a real late late night dinner or breakfast, whatever you want to call it. We had some awesome Chanay Bathuray (Puri), Kebab Roll, and Kashmiri Chai. Shami Kebab was kind of nasty, I have no clue why my mom ordered that, but everything else we ordered was really good including the Halwa Puri. Service was fast and precise even though the restaurant was packed at 3 am in the night...lol. We had a great night and they had a great atmosphere with a total Pakistani feel like you are actually enjoying Ramadan in Pakistan. Of course the neighborhood has to do something with the whole atmosphere part of this review. Would definitely recommend this place and me and my sister asked the guys behind the counter if we can have those shirts that they wear because we would definitely rock those MashaAllah sweets polos and t-shirts.
I was first introduced to this place by my in-laws. Great place for a family hang out. Good food quality wise and quantity wise. I love their biryani, chicken haleem, naans, goat curry, falooda and other sweets. The best thing abt this place is you get to see your food first and ask to taste it before you actually order a whole plate. Shehzaad- one of their staff is great and courteous. He works with you according to your tastes and likings. I keep going back to this place to eat in and take out. Haven't been disappointed so far. Two thumbs up!!!
Really good food. I've been there twice and tried different things and were all delicious and true to the cuisine. Really good naan bread, chicken biryanni, mango lassi and of course an outstanding rasmalai to finish the meal. Inexpensive and spot on. My only suggestion to the restaurant is that they should invest in real plates and silverware for the patrons that choose to dine in. The styrofoam plates and plastic utensils are annoying to use, really bad for the environment  and should only be reserved for the to go orders. Overall great place.
The food is decent here. You will see lots of different cultures of people walk through. I think it would be nice to label the food with a small description as to what it is. Those that work there have very limited English. The place is relatively clean. The food is probably cooked early morning and warmed up throughout the day.
The food taste has deteriorated over the years, used to be really good when they opened. The currys are pretty tasteless and bland now and so is the grilled food. The best thing they still have is the falooda which I think is the best on Coney island ave. The mithais are ok but nothing fancy.
There isn't much to say about MashAllah that hasn't already been said on here. Open 24 hours, some of the best Desi food you'll ever eat, huge portions, very affordable....this is one of my favorite restaurants in Brooklyn and I'm about to engorge on my leftovers from last night.
Pretty good pakistani food, I love there chicken curry, and the rare times they make there achari chicken (pickled chicken). No complaints very fast service, price is very reasonable. They got 50 cent vegetable samosas makes for good appetizers. stop by if your hungry.
Went to this place at 5am in the morning because we ended arriving in Brooklyn late and went straight to bed. This place was great! We had two roti's and a garlic naan and some lamb curry that was recommended to us. When we were there, there was some drama amongst the local Pakastani's which was probably what made the experience so good! If you dine in, you get one dessert on the house per person!
We really enjoy eating here because they offer different size dishes so you can get a little bit of a lot of different dishes and try them all. A side salad comes with the meals that has a riata dressing that is super yummy (no sugar added, don't know why so many places add sugar to the riata). Order at the counter and eat in but save a few dollars not having to tip a waiter, which makes it a great place for stopping in often and filling your tummy with delicious food. Only thing is, I prefer my food pretty spicy and that's not going to happen here bc the food is pre-prepared. Overall, an excellent place for a quick, affordable, yummy meal.
Awesome service and fresh food.... No other Pakistani restaurant on Coney island Ave can compete with them.. Because they are just too Damn good...A++++
The worst experience ever, asked for delivery of food well in advance and was assured food world get to me. Long story short 50 min late cold and the order was wrong. Only good thing they fixed the order in next 10 min so food was served 60 min late. Oh and the delivery guy went to wrong house first.  Never dealing with them again. Didn't want to give them any stars but can't post with out giving one star.
Had catering done last night for my brother's engagement ... Amazing food ... 100% on point.. Qamar n Aqeel doing the damn thing...
found Mashallah on yelp and decided to give it a try. was a little disappointed in the chicken tikka masala. again, it wasn't the buttery creamyness that i was seeking. a friend did warn me though that tikka masala is interpreted and isn't actually an authentic dish. we dined in, and everything came out quick. the garlic naan was a bit on the dry side, not much garlic flavor. the chicken skewer was decent, although medina makes it spicier and a little tastier. the food here didn't leave me craving more so my hunt continues!
Late night snack for three, ten bucks each, and we ate like kings! My friends and I were walking by and the aroma lured us in. We ate family style so we got to try a  little of everything and everything was amazing. Service was wonderful, so friendly, and there were bus boys to clean up. I wish I took a photo of all the food we consumed. It was almost gluttonous.
Best gajar ka halwa I've ever had. Not too sweet and gajar tasted fresh. Also had this delicious stringy mithai, I can't remember the name of it but the last time I found a place that made it was years ago in Chicago. Will definitely be back.
This place is awesome! The price and portions are great! Try their butter chicken, it's so yummy!
First of all, this is not authentic Indian, but a combination of Pakistani, Bangladesh, and Indian. The food is greasy and sits on display while none of it seems fresh, tasty, or even sanitary. I started going here because the reviews led me to believe it's good, inexpensive, authentic indian food. My first time there, I asked how much it was for a dish and the guy just asked what I wanted instead of responding, so I shrugged it off and chose a combination of 4 different dishes with a side of naan and samosa. It was too much food, so I took some home and tried a couple desserts as well, but when he told me it was $16 for everything, I was shocked and felt like I was being taken advantage of for being a little white girl in the middle of taxi land. Despite this, I've returned, but for the last time most recently; I had one veggie dish, samosa, naan and fried vegetables. Since none of the food is fresh except for naan, they reheat it in a microwave, so the fried vegetables (I don't know the name..pakura?) were chewy and hard by the time they cooled off and I couldn't eat them. The chickpea dish I ordered tasted weird and gross to me, so I barely touched it even though I genuinely tried to like it. Obviously this was disappointing but I was full from the naan and samosa, so told them it was all I had eaten when I went to pay. They still charged me the full $7 and told me to tell them before I'm done eating next time, so that I could get a different dish. Ok, so you'd rather give me more of your crappy food than refund my money... lesson learned! The guys are assholes and there's a place exactly like it a few doors down with nicer people, but I'll probably stick with naan and samosas still
This is a great restaurant.  I have eaten many meats in many sauces whose names I do not know at this restaurant.  All of them were outstanding.  The vegetable dishes are outstanding.  The breads and kebabs are outstanding. The sweets are a bit sweet for me, but they are also outstanding.  Stop being a lame and go there.I also strongly endorse D&E across the street.  Their cemitas are outstanding.
This place is awesome. Super affordable food and sweets that are super satisfying. Great for late night snacks as well!
Called to check into getting delivery. "What does this look like? If you want our food you should come here to get it." I was just checking the delivery radius. If you don't deliver, 1- maybe say so on all of the delivery sites you show up on and 2- don't be such an arrogant douche about it on the phone.
Consistently fresh and great food, amazing staff as well, really helpful. Their delivery service is a little unreliable but a great place to go to especially for late night chai!
The food here is good and they have quick service. The employees are great and they always cater to your needs. There parattas are off the hook!! love their chicken curry !!
Best Pakistani food in New York, great customer service , food is always fresh, not oily, amazing taste! Their BBQ is far better than any Pakistani  restaurant out there . Prices are low, this place is the place to be. Do try the garlic nan, and chicken tikka
I've eaten here many times and it's my favorite among the many halal restaurants on the Coney Island avenue strip that caters to halal food.  Their seating area is very spacious and clean.  The space looks very nice since their renovation.  My favorite dish here is the samosa chat.  Very spicy food but it's worth the runny nose.
excellent food!  food tastes fresh. tried samosa chaat, lamb kebab, naan & mango lassi.
