Amazing customer service; the host and servers were very helpful in accommodating our friend that can't eat gluten. The interior decor is in great taste. It would give you the impression that you'll be spending a lot but the cost is modest yet very worth the price, considering how nice the setting is and how great the food tastes.
This is the best Indian in East Village. Great food and not expensive. The owner is always there to greet you. There is often a samosa on the house and always a ball of mango ice cream for desert. Great place, even if it does not look like much from the outside. Love it, been coming here for years.
I came here to reunite with a friend I met in Tuscany.  My oh MY!  I was very pleasantly impressed.  I'm no connoisseur, but this was so delectable. The balance of spices and flavours really made my night. I had the Lamb Tawa - so tender, so flavourful - and the Goa Curry, which was a curry salmon, mild-spiced, and so succulent. Everybody shared at the table, so that made it all quite fulfilling. I absolutely recommend this gem, and look forward to coming back.  Just when I could not go for anymore, they gave us two scoops of heavenly mango-coconut ice cream .  Yea, we cleaned that plate off, too.  Listen... Visit this haven!
Haveli has a soft spot in my heart. I used to live a block away from it, and it was always my go to spot for great Indian food. And, it's off the 'curry row' area where all the restaurateurs yell at you when you walk by trying to lull you in. You get to avoid that, which is a plus. Haveli, though, is where I discovered lamb korma, which has become my most favorite Indian dish. Mix it with rice and scoop with some naan ........ That's a taste of heaven.
I came here for my birthday on a Wednesday with a reservation for a party of 6 and an ice cream cake. The staff was very nice and stored my cake until we were ready. It's a pretty popular place to have a birthday, as a I noted several other tables were blowing out candles.Seems obvious Haveli merged with Banjara (it's called Haveli Banjara now.). The service and food was everything I expect from Banjara, which is pretty good but not perfect. Yeah, occasionally the waiters reach over you or don't seem to speak English that well.Get real people, this isn't a five star restaurant. But with good prices, a nice atmosphere and above average food compared to most of the Indian restaurants in the area, I'll be back.
We had a wonderful outdoor dinner today. The service was exceptional and the food was delicious. We ordered the aloo chop, Chana chat, palak Ghosh with chicken and Bay goon ka goon (eggplant).  The waiters were incredibly attentive and made us feel like truly valued guests.  We are very picky about our Indian food - this ranks among the best quality Indian in NYC. We will come again very soon. Highly recommend!
Excellent food! We ordered the Chicken Masala and the Chicken Tandoori. For an appetizer, we had the fried chick peas. Everything was great!! The service was very attentive. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend and hope to be back soon.
I've had way better Indian food in New York, It was a  bit disappointing after seeing the great reviews here. Nothing horrible neither, but the lamb masala sauce was very generic.
I'm no Indian food expert, but my meal here was excellent! I had the butter chicken, and my friend had the chicken cooked in nut sauce. We also got drinks and naan and the bill was still tiny compared to the perfect amount of food. The service was also super friendly, prompt, and professional. We left very, very happy.
Tried and tested and hunted for authentic Indian food and hands down this is the place to go. A beautiful traditional dim lit ambience that teleports you in the midst of India. They have a variety of dishes to suit everyone's taste buds. The hospitality was excellent, they were warm and welcoming.Ohhh and to top all this, they have a bar. Definitely planning another visit.
Writing this review bums me out. I really loved Banjara when it was on 1st and followed them to 2nd when they joined with Haveli. But recently I found myself in there on a (not busy at all) Sunday evening and was surprised to see the general disrepair of the joint (light out in ladies restroom, tattered menus, general grossness of restroom hallway) and even more dismayed at the by the rudeness of our server. The food was just ok. Maybe an off night, but seemingly with the gradual decay of the facility, so too has gone the food and service. Bye, 6th street.
Love this place!  I frequent this restaurant.  The food is absolutely amazing and the service is great!
Have been here a few times, and definitely one of my favorite Manhattan Indian food restaurants. Attentive wait staff, delicious food, and lovely atmosphere.
It's been a while since I've done a Yelp review but felt like I had to.  Food is average to slightly above average.  Service is over-attentive at times and completely absent at others (two people took my order within 30 seconds of each other but no one paid any attention to my empty beer glass).  You can tell that they try with little extras like complimentary mango ice cream and a warm towel to wipe your hands with.  We're at 3.5 stars right now.  But this right here is the deal-breaker... I receive my card back with a copy to sign and 25% tip has already been included... for a party of 1... without any mention of it whatsoever... ridiculous.  It's not the 25%, it's the fact that they didn't ask me and there's nothing mentioned about automatic 25% tip for parties of 1 or greater anywhere (as there shouldn't be b/c it's absurd).Rather than being the usual, timid Yelp reviewer that whines about something in their review but does nothing to fix it at the restaurant, I ask if they made a mistake.  No they didn't.  I ask twice why they've charged me for tip already.  "Oh, we have to" is the response both times.  At this point, it's not worth my time and energy to fight this to mayybe pay them a dollar less in tip... I will just choose not to go back to a restaurant that would rather take an extra dollar from me today than create an experience worth coming back to.
This is one of my favorite Indian restaurant in the city. Love coming back here, usually I go to this place with a big crowd and always make an early reservation!
Blandest Indian food I have ever had.  I ordered the chicken vindaloo, which is supposed to be spicy and flavorful.  The vindaloo I received was bland, oily, not spicy at all and came in a tiny container that was only half closed. Because the container was not completely closed, some of the vindaloo spilled inside the bag.  The amount of rice provided was more than three or four times the amount of vindaloo that was provided.  The garlic naan barely had any garlic taste and was cold when it arrived.  The food arrived 40 mins after the estimated arrival time.  Needless to say I will not be ordering from here again.
Warning - long review ahead! Worst Indian food you could ever fathom to eat in NYC! Their supposedly Zagat reviewed! And no merger or 262 reviews can justify the service or food that  we received! We are Indians and we have grown up eating good Indian food! We arrived at a not so supper/ dinner hour and were only in the mood for appetisers and the hostess told us - we only offer service when people order at least $15 per person which is 1-2 entrees but since you are "Indian" I think I can let that slide! Honestly no that's not the kind of the service I or anyone else needs! Now let's come to food - we ordered dal papdi, aloo paratha, mughlai paratha and poori Bhaji! An authentic dal papdi is made with fried chickpea flour topped with mint n tamarind chutney, whisked yogurt! But apparently we were served with raita topped with fried savoury beignets in a papad basket which is not even remotely close to what it was supposed to be! Poori Bhaji across India is fried flatbread served with spicy potato Bhaji but apparently chole poori (which is chickpea gravy and fried flatbread) is the new poori Bhaji! What an epiphany for us Indians who were raised with the wrong description of food! And now the dish of the day - aloo paratha which is the simplest of stuff parathas aka Indian flatbread stuffed with spicy potato filling! Instead, we were served with a simple roti which was folded with potato filling placed tactfully inside resembling a potato flatbread sandwich or a cheeseless quesadilla! And that my friends is a blunder! Unless ofkos the chef was planning to serve a deconstructed aloo paratha in which case it would have made sense! But alas we only felt cheated not just with one dish but with everything we ordered!
This dinner was nothing short of amazing... Only because this was an impromptu walk in after roaming on the streets of NYC for almost an hour! This restaurant aces in service and hospitality. For starters, we skipped the normal routine and ordered a new dish- Dumpakht! Must try for everyone who goes here... perhaps a speciality of the Rajasthani culture. The Awadhi Rogan Josh was in fact suggested by our waiter was deliciously. Spice level was perfect with proper spices and not just red chilli powder. The bread basket we called for was fulfilling with assortment of breads. Not just roti, naan, but also pooris and aaloo paratha! We also got masala daal and basmati rice complimentary! The icing on the cake was when we called for Rasmalai for desserts, we also received a complimentary plate of ice creams. All in all a great experience, brilliant service and a classy ambience!
I missed Mitali East sooo much! Lo and behold I found Haveli! Same menu, food, even some of the waiters were the same. I felt like I found home again. Delicious!! Go. But save me my table.
Wow, the Yelp reviews are all over the map for this place! I'm giving them four starts because they provided good food with pleasant service at a fair price, and you can't ask for more than that. I went here alone one evening, and they gave me a table near the door. Their menu is extensive, so it took a while to arrive at a decision. The waitress kindly provided me with crispy papadam and some condiments. I got a mixed biryani, which had chicken, lamb, and vegetables along with plenty of rice. If you like spicy, there is a house-made red chili sauce that I loved. Would like to go back to try the butter chicken and a vindaloo (or 2).
We were looking for a place to get Indian, but also wanted to eat outside. Haveli fit both of those criteria, and I would have come here for the food alone. I took the suggestions mentioned here and ordered the Rogan Josh, and it was a winner. The waiter warned our friends that the Vindaloo would be spicy, but and they thought they could handle it. It was the right level for me, but if you have a delicate palate you might prefer the Rogan Josh, which was creamy and had some coriander pods in the spice mixture. Our outside table was almost too small to hold the 3 curry dishes we had, plus bread basket, beers, and water glasses. The wait staff was certainly attentive, and the meal for four of us came out to around $100, which I consider a good deal.
Enjoyed a really great dinner here on New Year's Eve. Two vegetarian entrees and an appetizer of naan stuffed my boyfriend and I. On top of that, we were each served a complementary scoop of mango ice cream that was refreshing and very yummy. The service was friendly and the atmosphere was really nice. The interior is very decorated without seeming campy. I haven't eaten too much Indian food in my life, so I'm not knowledgeable to rate the food alone. However, the whole experience was totally enjoyable and delicious, so I give it 5 stars. I look forward to eating here again.
Food was OK. Service was good. But seating was a drag for me. The other party is a foot away and it's loud. They definitely cram people in - maybe it's better in other parts of the place, in which I got screwed. For the money, this shouldn't happen. But, it's 6th street - volume over quality - maybe I expected too much.I could get better food at the same or nearly the same price, and not be treated like a sardine.
Customer service S***S We (group of 5 people) entered the place at 9.30 pm and we all wanted to have tea and snacks. They took few mins to decide if they could let us in. They had atleast 4 empty tables, but bcoz we didnt want to eat full course meal they took few mins to decide. bad customer service. When the waiter tried to serve us papad (that comes free) the other guy made a face and told him right in front of us don't serve them.  I am deeply offended by their behavior. Will never come back.
I'm not Indian, but have been in India and of course have had Indian food in much better places. The food here is fine, but it's not Indian AT ALL. If you really want to have Indian food, don't waste your time here. If you want to eat decent food that looks like Indian but without Indian spices, go to Haveli.
i really have mixed feelings about this place. service - incredibly attentive, bordering on the creepy. mixed hot appetizer - came with some sausage looking thing, banana fritter, meat samosa, veggie fritter. i am not eating meat at the moment. had a rather unsuccessful request to have only vegetarian dishes in the appetizer. langauge barrier? anyway. i looked on longingly as my friend noshed happily on the meat samosa. banana fritter was like a dense banana bread. good. veggie fritter was incredibly greasy. i let my carnivore friend eat it. masala dosa - potato and veggie mixture stuffed in a doughy crepe. yes, dense and doughy. not thin and crispy as you would imagine a crepe to be. almost chewy. honestly i thought it was great. especially for tearing off and dipping in the little cup of chickpea curry sauce it came with. dosa itself was a bit on the bland side. dipping sauces are not an extra but a neccesity.  garlic naan - good TOASTY garlic flavor. not drenched in glaric butter like other garlic naans i've had, but real garlic. and not subtle in the least. bring on the garlic breath! soft and bready. minimal charred/crispy/flat portions (you know what im talking about. the parts of the naan that every one works around and the slow eater is always left with. cant sop up curry with a damn, those charred pieces.) veggie korma - uh, is this korma? it's creamy like a korma. but where's the flavor? had a heated discussion with my dinner companion as to whether Hevali caters to the american tastes by toning down their spice usage, but i argued that american tastes = taste diFFERENT, not taste like NOTHING. very dissapointing. i could tell that it was a well made dish. quality ingredients. not skimpy on the solids (dont you hate it when you order a curry and have to fish around for the 2 pieces of meat drowned in a sea of sauce?). but honestly. i cant stress enough how LACKING it was in flavor. complimentary sides: lentil soup - thin, watery, and bland bland bland. yeck. cabbage thingy - not sure what it's suppose to taste like. not memorable. kind of buttery. but besides that no other flavor. recieved complimentary  mango ice cream and a $10 gift card at end of meal. felt guilty. thought perhaps they saw the dissatisfaction on my face. but upon reading other yelp reviews, seems like this is common practice for them. damn me and my asian cheapness and inability to turn down free shit. now i hAVE to go back. and who can limit themselves to ten bucks? sneaky sneaky, haveli...
Haveli is definitely worth checking out.  From the outside (and across the street), it doesn't look like much, but when you walk up, you can see that its poppin' inside.  With my stomach exhausted of Pomme Frite, Haveli was a definite surprise.I had a glass of cheapo-beapo red wine, boyfriend had the "Ultimate Cocktail".  We both agreed it tasted like watermelon and returned it.  Here's the thing: they claim its made with Sky 90, but I legit saw the bartender making it with Stoli.  Oh, you don't think I can see you with boyfriend's big jewfro in the way?  Caughtcha.  Boyfriend was too nice and couldn't return it a second time and claimed it was good.  It seemed to make him drunk so I guess I have to concur.The service is really good; they're super-attentive and it isn't uncommon to have more than 3 people serve you.  The hostess/lady in the front, CJ or maybe Seejay? is a sweetheart.Oh, you're probably wondering about the food.  We split the Saag Paneer (my go-to when I don't know what to go-to) and the Mushroom Saag.  Both were amazing.  We even got coconut gelato and it was soo good. It comes in a coconut shell!  Woot!
A friend and I found this place on Yelp tonight--coming from DBA a few blocks away. The Atmosphere was fantastic, the waitstaff very friendly, even the bathroom was impeccable. We started with Samaosas and a few King Fishers, then shared the Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken TIkka Masala. It was fantastic and we both had a fabulous evening. We got some sort of cheese creamy thing for desert with some port. I think the bill was 60 bucks? Not bad for a big meal in NYC... Overall, 5 stars without a doubt. I'll be taken friends back for sure
Home base for Curry Club. Default Indian Spot. Usually very good, though it has missed on a couple of occasions. Recommended. Giraffe Friendly
I adore Indian food, but would not give this restaurant a 2nd try.  Despite a warm, friendly staff, the kitchen is cutting corners by using stale, off-taste ingredients.  This was true of 2 or the 3 items we ordered.  The appetizer channa chat (chickpeas in tamarind) was served on a bed of lettuce with brown edges.  This was a very unappetizing start.  Of the 2 entrees, the tandoori shrimp were enhanced by a spicy spinach sauce.  But the baingan bhurta (stuffed eggplant) was completely ruined by a waxy, "off taste" that I recognized as that of oil past its use date and on its way to rancid.  We have traveled frequently to India and have become acquainted with what the food should taste like.  This food is unacceptable.
If sitting around for an hour and a half, waiting for your delivery to arrive, calling over and over and not being able to get through is your cup of tea, then have at it!  The final straw was being lied to that the deliveryman had left earlier, when he hadn't left at all.  We cancelled the order, and the guy actually showed up an hour and forty-five minutes after we'd ordered!  We used to be loyal customers, but never again.  Stay away!
I've only been here once, and I keep meaning to go back but the food is so heavy (as is all Indian food -- by which I mean the curries since that's all I ever crave when I get Indian) and it's too f'in hot out for me to want it. But I digress.Our (my boyfriend and I, am not employing the royal "we") experience was great. We were there on a warm night, one of the first ones of the year and since neither of us were particularly hungry we were willing to wait for a sidewalk table -- they held the next one that opened for us until we got back from wandering around the stores nearby. Everyone needs to request Hira as their waiter because he was awesome and gave us free mango ice cream at the end of our meal, even though we were so full we could barely choke it down (but we did, duh). I don't remember what we had specificially anymore, just that we had two kinds of curry and naan. It is an incredible amount of food for two people.I read some complaints that the food here isn't authentic, but I honestly wouldn't know the difference anyways so from my perspective it was delicious!
The food and service was a lot better than some of the places in the vicinity. Very friendly and attentive servers. If you're an indecisive meat lover like me, order the non-vegetarian Haveli special, which comes with Chicken tandoori, lamb kurma, chicken shaag, nan & mango chutney. The lamb was extra tasty and the shaag was delicious. Biryani rice dish was a bit on the soft side, but the taste made up for it. A very solid choice for Indian on 2nd Ave.
Possibly the best (and fanciest) Indian restaurant in this area of the East Village.  This place has really tremendous service (I thought they were very good about answering questions and very attentive during the 3 or so visits I've made there).  The food is terrific.  The Chicken Kali Mirch, or Black Pepper Chicken is one of the best I've had anywhere in the city.  The Seekh kebabs were delicious.  The lamb korma very tender.And to top it off, an interesting Indian Beer selection- with a Belgian/Indian beer that was actually quite good.
Haveli is definitely a step above the nearby sixth street Indian restaurants. It has a nice decor, is spacious, clean, and has a full bar, and a small outdoor eating area when the weather is nice. I visited recently with a group of about 8 on a Friday night. I had made reservations, and had no trouble being seated right away, even though about half of my party wasn't there. The restaurant was not very crowded at all, but it was only 7 or so, so it might get busy later on.I found the food to be really tasty and flavorful; I got samosas and saag paneer. I appreciated the array of vegetarian options (I don't always have a lot of choices, even at Indian restaurants!). At the end, the waiter brought our entire group free mango ice cream. It was tasty, but I don't think I would necessarily spend money on it. Our bill was only like $140.00 which I thought was EXTREMELY reasonable for a medium sized group; of course, I think two people just got appetizers. But still, not bad. The service was generally good; attentive and prompt. But it was weird, one of my group members was extremely late and a waiter would come by about every ten minutes the entire time we were there and say "Are they coming!?!" Which struck me as odd--the place was half empty, it's not like they needed the chair. But whatever, that was just a minor blip on an otherwise really pleasant dining experience!
I wasn't expecting much from this restaurant and got completely surprised by the dining experience.  The staff is very very friendly (they actually put my napkin inside my collar...without asking me) and generous (they gave my party of 4 free champagne after we had already bought one drink per person.)Anyhow, the nan is really good and so is the lamb curry.  The only con?  Beware when ordering drinks, make sure you specify how you like your drink because you would think it's common sense to know how it's made, but in reality, they have no clue.  Sounds harsh?  Well, not when your midori sour comes to you blue.
My boyfriend and I just got back from a nice evening at Haveli.  The food was very tasty and reasonably priced.  We ordered the chicken kabab -- very tender with nice flavor, and the accompanying onions were a particularly nice accompaniment. A lamb madras that was flavorful sauce-wise but the meat itself was slightly gamey and had many hard pieces which made it very unappetizing.   And a Baingan Bhurta which was a great choice.  All in all, a decent meal.  But I'm now disappointed that they never offered us the free ice cream.  I did see it going around at some of the other tables, and thought it was strange when they didn't bring it when we finished our meal.  But after readying the other reviews on the site and learning that it IS in fact a standard with the meal, I'm a little perturbed that it wasn't offered to us.  Was it because we didn't order any drinks or appetizers?  If that's the case, that's BS.
Went to Haveli and ordered the chicken tikka masala, saag paneer and an assortment of tandoori meats -- easily 4/5 stars.  Went back and had a lamb dish and it was chunks of solid fat or charred meat -- easily 1/2 stars.  Went back a third time and ordered chicken tikka masala AND lamb vindaloo.  CTM -- 5 stars; Lamb Vindaloo -- 2 stars due to still very fatty meat.  Moral of the story?  Haveli is really good but I can't promise consistency among different dishes.  We still eat there but it's a lesser option for us when compared some of the other stalwart Indian establishments I've written about.
Without doubt, one of the best Indian restaurants in Manhattan, if not the tri-state area. One of the things that I like about it is the great quality of the food and dining atmosphere, balanced with reasonable prices - even for Manhattan.
My friends took me here for my birthday. Then later, for my going away party at work, I chose this restaurant.This place is pricey. However, it's very delicious and all of their food is on their A-Game. I was a particular fan of their lamb curry (I believe it was a korma). My friends and I got a lot of things to share and the cream of the crop was their various appetizers. Many of their fried dishes are not oily and fried to a crisp. Their curries too are substantial with great fresh ingredients.The space is dark and spacious and perfect for large parties. I went there with a party of 10 or so and with a party of 4.The servers are very polite and attentive.
One of my favorite Indian places in the city. Lots of vegetarian options but plenty of things for carnivorous dining companions as well. All of the entrees I've had there have been really rich and well-spiced. The breads and samosas are perfect and I highly recommend the custards for dessert. Friendly staff, laid back atmosphere and the prices are very reasonable - well worth a visit.
Decent Indian for the neighborhood. If you want great Indian you must go to Curry Hill on Lex. I go weekly with a friend from Delhi and we are pretty great at knowing good versus barely edible.
My second time here while visiting New York and it is better than I remembered. The waiters were extremely nice and very attentive. I never had to ask for more water or anything because they always asked if everything was okay. We had the Bombay Liver to start which was delicious. I had the Rogan Josh and a Banana Lassi and my boyfriend had just simple Chicken Curry and a Mango Lassi. We also ordered Garlic Naan. This is honestly the best Indian food I've ever had. It is better than any of the Bay Area Indian restaurants and at a great price.We were so full we couldn't finish and had to take our curry to-go. For dessert we had the Lemon Sorbet that was frozen into an actual lemon. They also gave us complimentary chocolate covered ice cream hearts because it was Valentine's Day.When we got home to put away our curry we were surprised because they gave us a whole tub of fresh rice!
Best Indian food in NYC!! I have been going here for six years and have bought every person that I know here to try Indian food and they all loved it.
Delicious. In a city where Indian food is everywhere, we find ourselves passing about a dozen places making our way to this spot!
Nice restaurant, pretty authentic food.  The service was good and so were the drinks.  I would definitely go there on a different occasion; I just have to pick a day where it did not rain as much.
Although its no Golden Gate Pizza and Indian Food (see previous review), its the best saag paneer I have found yet in this town.  A little lacking in the spice, but the paneer was spot on.  Pretty solid appetizers as well, and very attentive service.I will definitely be returning...
After reading the reviews, I was ready for some Indian. It's not that this wasn't Indian...it just wasn't great Indian that wowed me. And I've been to both Gujarat and Rajasthan and am in love with South Indian food (a la Tamil Nadu).I got the chicken Karahi Ghosth. The flavors weren't vibrant, the chicken was dry breast meat and the sauce was plain. Honestly buy an Aachi spice packet, open a can of tomatoes and insert meat and you've got a more flavorful meal. Good naan though that may just be that I was so underwhelmed by the meal.Service was ok. Overattentive at times.
It's hard to find a good indian restaurant with perfect service. I once was a hater of indian food (my first order was too adventurous), but now I am one of those guys that needs to have indian food at least once a week. I usually gauge new indian restaurants by ordering my two favorite dishes: palak paneer (or whatever is similar on the menu) and chicken tikka masala (same).  I also ordered the garlic naan.I've been to over two dozen indian restaurants in my life, and this place is definitely topping the charts. The dishes not only were delicious, but tasted original with very subtle flavors that were new to me. The chicken tikka could have more of a grilled/smoked taste, but the sauce was absolutely amazing and addictive. The waiter made a big deal about the garlic naan, it was well executed, but, of course, it's just bread and garlic with some butter- don't expect paradise.On top of that, they gave us free sides of lentil soup and braised cabbage. Both cooked perfectly.At the end we were discussing to decide on whether we'd be going to Il Laboratorio del Gelato for dessert, or  which isn't that far, or to the movie theater. We were surprised by a free mango sorbet to each one of us. We paid 40 bucks for everything and left extremely happy to go see Inception.Will come back regularly!
Fantastic food, had sag paneer, veg fritters and lamb. That plus 4 drinks for $60. Super gracious service including free mango ice cream and a gift card!
EXCELLENT Indian food!  Went here with a friend who has been going here for years and it was an brilliant choice.  I had chicken kebabs that had been basted in a cream cheese as well as naan all of which were delicious.  The staff were prompt and very attentive.  It was a largish restaurant from what I can see of the ones in the area and as such, definitely good for larger groups.  I highly recommend this restaurant!  You won't be disappointed by the quality of food or the staff!
This is the best Indian food in the lower East Side and one of the best Indian Restaurants in Manhattan or Westchester County.  The decor is tasteful, the staff is immensely effective and courteous, and to top it all off, the prices are very reasonable.  I would return here every time I'm in the area!
The food here is EXCELLENT!!!  the service is so fast and friendly, the decor is classy but simple (love the pounded copper!), and the food is unique and expertly crafted.  i hope to eat here many more times!!!  and the prices aren't bad!
I was thinking about giving this place 4 stars cause though the service was very good, they were a bit too attentive to me and my date, always asking us if we needed anything etc etc etc a bit too often in my opinion--- but I thought that would just be unfair since everything else was quite good: the decor, atmosphere, and food. It's definitely a nice romantic place to take someone out to. They even gave us complimentary wine, ice cream, and a $10 gift card for the next time. I would definitely go back.
Great food, great service - loved the kindness and generosity of the owners to new customers!  and very welcoming to Yelpers!
Picked this place more or less at random from one of many Eastern Asian restaurants in the area. Very friendly and helpful service, a nice wine menu and very good food at very reasonable prices.
This food is consistently amazing. I live near Curry Hill and not one restaurant compares to Haveli. I mostly eat the Vegetarian options bc they are all so good, I can get half orders of each. The charcoal chicken is unbelievably juicy, and anything with the almond cream sauce is to DIE for!!!  Before you order you will get cripsy things with 3 sauces, the spicy green sauce is RIDICULOUSLY great, as is the Tamarind sauce and the Onions. I have YET to find another that compares to theirs.  (I even order too much to take it home and get some sauces to go -- its THAT good!!).This is not one of the small, run of the mill Indian places. Its spacious and able to serve lots of people (with an upstairs as well). This is a special gem.  staff is very attentive, food is fresh, very flavorful and they always give you ice cream at the end if you dont order dessert. They truly appreciate your business and I promise you WILL go back.  I get a hug or a handshake from the owner or the waiters - and I dont go every week (maybe every month though). You too will feel this special even on your first visit.
Decent food, but very bad service.  Felt like we were forgotten about at a  Kiddie table.  I can't even remember what I ate!  There are so many better Indian restaurants on 6th, with much better atmosphere.  Will never go back.
Haveli is alright. It was nice of them to accommodate our party of 11 at 8pm on a Saturday night. However, seating us took nearly 45 minutes after our reservation time and the waitstaff was somehow inattentive and pushy at the same time. The food was generally good, but not memorable. A few of us asked for our dishes spicy and it definitely was not. On the other hand, as a nice gesture, our waiter gave everyone at the table a free scoop of mango ice cream at the end of the meal. Overall, the experience was not bad, but it lasted a bit longer than I hoped for and I spent a good portion of the meal thirsty and unable to grab anybody's attention to let them know.
My girlfriend and I went in here on a whim and we were very impressed with the excellent service and great food.  We found the Panneer and Naan we got to be very flavorful, and the hot dish we ordered just hot enough for us (and I love hot food!).  The wine selection was also appropriate with many good wines to pair with the spicy food.  Only thing I missed would have been better beers on the beer list.
Really liked this place - the host and the waiters were friendly and checked up on us regularly.  I enjoyed the murgha tikka, which had a great interplay between the onions and chicken, although the naan portions we got as a side were kinda small.  That being said, really delicious all around.  Also appreciated the mango ice cream at the end of the meal!  I would recommend sitting outside, but it's a pretty loud street so you're probably better off sitting inside, where there's some great decor and lighting, almost like it was designed in the 1970s.
The best service and atmosphere I have ever experienced at an Indian restaurant, hands-down. The food is very good but it is the service that sets this place apart. It is a haven of elegance and serenity on bustling 2nd Ave. The hostess is always dressed well in a colourful sari and offers a warm welcome. Last night she immediately offered to check our coats and shopping bags and then gave us a lovely table on the second floor, per our request. She actually pulled out our chairs for us before we sat down; this is expected at ultra-highend places but at a reasonably priced place like this it is rare. The formalities here are effortless and genuine. The decor is opulent but not tacky. Only (slight) complaint is that it can be rather (very) dim inside; great for a romantic dinner but when it is just 2 friends eating together it makes you feel like you are on a date which can be a little strange. We started our meal with an order of vegetable samosas. They were well cooked and tasty but a little on the small side (3 out of 5 stars on the samosa). For entrees we shared goat roganjosh and a lamb dildar curry. The goat was fantastically delicious and oh-so-tender. The sauce was creamy, sweet and spicy with just a hint of almond; perfectly done (5/5). The lamb dildar curry was my less-liked of the two however it was still terrific and only came in #2 because out of 2 dishes something has to be #2 (4/5). A nice touch was the fact that the staff gave us some lentil sauce and a cold cabbage sidedish free of charge; they just surprised us with it when our order was brought out. Even the presentation was lovely; all the hot entrees were in domed, hammered-metal bowls that made one feel like an emperor being served a favourite feast. Also, our water glasses were consistently refilled; always a mark of good service in my opinion. When it was time to leave we were asked if we wanted dessert and we declined since I really wanted to go to Pinkberry. However, when he brought the check out it came with two bowls of very delicious ice-cream, also on the house; a very sweet gesture and it is things such as this that make me always remember a place (who doesn't love free stuff?). BTW, I still went to Pinkberry HAHA! (review will follow at some point). **Good food + great friends + superior service = $45 very well spent (yes only $45 INCLUDING the 20% tip for a great meal for 2!!!)
Being Indian, I know good Indian food and this isn't good Indian food, its AMAZING indian food. It could possibly be equal to my moms and thats crazy. We had the lamb biriyani, chicken tikka masala , side order of saag paneer and poori bhaji as an app. All of which were out of this world. Not only was the food delish but the service was just as good. Loves it.
Ohhh Haveli...  Thank you for showing me what real tandoori chicken tastes like! Not only did I feel like you were over generous with the portions, the dish was served hot on a sizziling plate. This made the meal extra special, because I got dirty looks from my friends who kicked themselves for not ordering it. HA! Well.. okay, their meals were pretty good as well. We ordered the chicken tikka, but it was a little sweet. I think it was because they added almonds to their recipe. It was an interesting twist, but I think the tandoori dishes are hands down winners at Haveli. The decor was great, its dim lit lighting complimented the dark wood interior. Service is exceptional. We kept getting our glasses filled, which was great because I'm a wimp when it comes to spicy food! The manager would come to our table and ask how the food is, but he'd walk away because we always had our mouths full.  *You know, if you're not talking, that means you're chewing because it's THAT good* What topped the night was when he brought us three complimentary mango sorbet. It tasted like a mango lassi! Ahh.. I can't help it but that's what you get for being cute! JK A++!!
This place is oh so good. Everything we got was delicious and very reasonably priced. Caters well to vegetarians, non-vegetarians, and non-dairy meat eaters (like myself!) Great, strong rum cocktails as well and nice wine by the glass. I think Haveli beats the competition on 6th st.
Pros:  Large dining area compared to others on 6th street that are cramped.   Was clean and service was quick.  Food was good, the nan was better than other places I've been to, and the waiter gave us free ice cream.Cons: Way too overpriced for just "good" food. A few blocks away you can get the same tasting food for half the price.
This is easily the worst indian food I have ever had. EVER. On top of that the waitstaff was so confused and our order was so confused that I am amazed this place is even in business. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy. I can't believe this place has ANY good reviews. There are too many great indian restaurants around the corner to even THINK of going to this place. Dreadful.
came here for a spur of the moment decision for valentine's day dinner.some very yummy indian at a good price.we shared samosa ( came with 2 ) , Garlic Naan, 2 entrees and we did order drinks...we received complimentary dessert- (thank you )all for under 50 bucks.friendly staff & good service.will go back for sure.:)
I was really in the mood for Indian and my girlfriend told me about this place.  She said the last time she went the food was great.  Of course things change in a year.  We went and wasn't completely wowed by anything.First the wine we ordered was out.  So we settled for another bottle.  Which wasn't too bad.  The food overall was good but wasn't all that.  It was a little bland in my opinion.  But we were starving so at least it was hot.  Dessert was a let down.  I think I could have gotten better by going to little India and getting a packaged dessert instead.There was a lack of service.  We had to constantly get their attention.  When the dishes were served they forgot to bring any serving spoons.I would say if you live in the neighborhood and need some decent Indian food this is the place to go.  But if you are looking for something more there are better places to go.
great place for food.. very satisfying.. except for the lamb pattice.. couldn't not cut it into small pieces and was very hard to chew and swallow.Otherwise, everything else is awesome here.
Okay, Love the place and would def. come back.....and i think the guys wanted us to as well.......unless "see you tomorrow" is what they say to everyone...lol. Went there to celebrate a birthday and i got a song and complimentary desert bowl.......they must have overheard which is why it was such an awesome day. Overall, food is great, waiters are helpful, courteous and funny. If you joke with them they will joke with you, in a respectful manner. Will keep this as a place to go for Tandoori.
I have eaten in and ordered take-out from here, since they opened, and will no more.  The curries used to have multiple and subtle spices and were very interesting and far above the local competition.  The curries now are banal. Also, many appetizers/bread have a moldy water stench to them.  No longer worth the extra $s.
Really good Indian, and excellent service.  Been here many times and never disappointed.  You always feel like you're getting their best.  Definitely recommended.
Love love love, the best Indian food in new York period!!!!!
There are MANY  Indian  restaurants in  NYC, and Haveli is one of the best. No pretentions and  the food is reliably  good!!!The Tandori mix grill is always great as a starter......   their  Lamb Madras is  exceptional.   And mushroom Shaag is  out of this world.No problems  here.......
I am about to give up ordering chicken dishes at New York Indian restaurants--the meat is almost ALWAYS overcooked, and the chicken here were no exception. Good garlic naan and saag paneer, but overall average food, not worth the slightly above-average prices. Everyone keeps telling me the real Indian grub is in Jackson Heights, and they better be right--I'm making the hike from Brooklyn next weekend.
Much like every other Indian restaurant I have frequented in the city, this retaurant was disappointing.  It was OK, but the reviews had me expecting so much more... why can't there be a tasty authentic restaurant outside of Jackson Heights!!!  I judge a restaurant by their paneer dishes, because i love paneer, and Haveli missed the mark on that.  I also believe that Indian food need not be heavy and full of ghee.  My mother cooks Indian food without too much oil and butter, and it tastes even better than most of the restaurant food I've had.  Then we wonder why non-indian diners complain about stomach problems!!  After a couple of bites of chicken at Haveli, and I was full - if thats any indication of the heaviness.  I probably won't go back there again... I will continue forward in my quest for great Indian food on the island
Lots of good Indian places in Manhattan, but for 20 years this has been my favorite. And very,very reasonably priced.
Cool restaurant, and the papadums were nice with their dips, but the Chicken Liver appetizer was disgusting and Purina like.  When we put them to the side the waiter didn't notice and put it back in front of us again twice.  The entree was delicious (Kurma and Masala), and the garlic naan was the shizzle, but then at the end the waiter was obsessive about the comment card.  He kept coming over to ask for it which was pretty stressful!!    This place was both direct hit and wide miss.
Pretty good and plenty and actually pretty good flavors. The portions were just right. From what my friends have told me that are Indan they said it's the next best thing to someones home cooked Indian food, being that it is very traditional.
2.5 stars. Nice atmosphere and space, but the food and service leave something to be desired. Some of the appetizers were way overpriced, as were some of the entrees, considering the quality.
I'm glad I discovered this place after a long and grueling hunt for dinner with a friend one night.  The service was astonishingly good (there was even some table scraping action) and the decor here is really lovely - dark, cozy, stylish, comfortable.  We both ordered Rogan Josh, a dish with tender lamb in a yogurt-y curry sauce with almonds.  The lamb was not so tender, was actually kind of beefy and tough, but the sauce was great, and so was the nan!  Yeah, the quality of the meat we had disappointingly brings this place down a star, but everything else was very pleasant .  Good prices, too.  I would definitely come back here!
Mmmmmmm... I recently had a great tandoori chicken experience there.Super-super moist. I asked for extra spicy sauce. It was great. I think they changed their recipe of the green sauce. It was much sweeter than I expected (slightly disappointed).
This place is worth it just for the awesome service, and it's really rare to say that because usually it's the other way around. The food was good- don't get me wrong, it wasn't a mind-blowing meal, but it was very good. The friendly staff just made the experience all the better. I don't know if the waiters were just bored or they liked us, but they would come very five-minutes to fill our 3/4 full water glasses and make small chit-chat, also gave us a lot of complimentary little side dishes as well as complimentary dessert.
You like sitting next to the front window that's shattered from bullet holes on a busy street? The place is fairly empty but they decided to sit us right up front next to the window that was shattered and had like 4 bullet holes in it? So it started off well, that's safe to not say. I had my head placed right next to one of the bullet holes as cars whizzed by in alphabet city. The food was ok, nothing special but not bad, I've just had much better. Now this is the part where my review took me from maybe a 3 star at best to a 1 star. Since the portions were made for babies or super models we asked our waiter if we could have some extra sauce from the tiki masala for our white rice and naan, and I offered to pay extra. He just said "no, that's not allowed!" He told us they didn't have any more in the kitchen. I was like are you being serious? Are you trying to tell me you don't have some big crockpot in the back with the tiki masala and sauce? You can't just go scoop up a little more for us in a ladle, because there wasn't that much to begin with. That was frustrating, meanwhile as we are having this conversation there is some other waiter standing behind our group. They start talking in a different language about it for 30 seconds or so loudly. That's rude in my book. at this point, I was like fine ok we can't get more sauce but can you stop talking loudly in a rude tone behind me and just leave us in peace. Or maybe go call a window guy to come fix your "first impression" of your restaurant. Lastly, what restaurant wouldn't at least just make up some B.S. story about how it's the end of the night but I don't think we have any left in the kitchen, let me go look? No, this guy was just like almost taken back or shocked that we asked for extra, when that would have merely equaled a normal amount at any other restaurant. they need to just fix the enormous window that's shattered to pieces in the front and work on customer service communication.
4 ladies1 bottle of winea shitload of delicious Naanand more Indian food than necessary to feed a tribe.romantic atmosphere, darker colors, very nice place.mm hmmm
Make 'em say uhhhh, na-na-na-naan! It was a cold winter day on a Friday in December and it was lunch time when we stepped inside this establishment and were relieved that they were on the game with the room temperature. The waiter was friendly and used fancy words like "sir" and "ma'am" when seating us. Two things that concerned me at that moment was that there were only two other people eating at the time and the lack of a lunch menu. At that moment Haveli, I put you on notice. But then the food came out and was bout it, bout it like Master P! The Chicken Tandoori was so crisp and some of the best chicken I've had anywhere across any cuisine. The Dildar Curry was also amazing as well. And of course the na-na-na-naan was fresh like an UWS kid acting out of pocket against their nanny. The prices are bit steep, but I ain't mad at Haveli for that. Oh and they also hooked us with complementary ice cream at the end :)
I'm not sure how Haveli received so many 4 and 5 star reviews, but here is my take on it:The food is not great. It is average Indian food watered down for non-South Asian palates. The food will be decent, but not made with that homemade touch good Indian food requires.Service was kind of stupid. I knew that the servers were Bengali. For some reason many Bengali people don't realize I am Bengali unless I point out the fact - and I tried asking them if the menu was more East Indian based, but they acted like they didn't understand the question. I also felt that the Haveli servers maaayybee, upon seeing that I was South Asian, offered a little bit more pushy and abrupt service. It wasn't outright rude, but only after one of the servers learned that my boyfriend was Arab did they actually warm up and start talking more.  Dunno...So in the end, Haveli is a well known Indian restaurant which is not half bad, but to me not worth a 5 star rating. The one plus was the decor, which was nice, and the serving pots.
used to love it.  last night was not good.  lamb curry did not taste like curry, pickled cabbage tasted like it was a month old.  I called and they did nothing.  I will find a new Indian restaurant for take-out and to go.
I've been here twice in the past few weeks, and the food and service has been great both times. The staff are very attentive and the free ice-cream is a bonus.
One thing that always surprises me is when I'm in a restaurant and they are actually overly excited that I showed up.  The hostess smiles a lot, talks a lot, thanks me for coming, and is extremely courteous.  After I sit down, I do a quick check to make sure that my zipper was up, that my hair is okay and that I don't have some cauiflower hanging from my teeth.  When people are too nice, that's always a sign that something is up.Or else you've arrived at Haveli.Haveli is extremely well done.  The service is fast and prompt and not pushy.  The decour inside is dark, red, colorful and warm.  The menu is perfectly price with a large number of Indian dishes to choose from.  A large selection of appetizers, entrees, curries, meat and vegetarian options will appease any appetite.  Unless you're a shrew or a hot pocket.  And if you are, you're trippin and you need to lie down.The Samosas are not spicey and have a delicious lentil taste.  The chickpeas are flavorful but not overpowering. The Madras is nice and spicey and the goat is excellent.  The pineapple chicken curry lacks the bite of other dishes but it fills you up right.  And the pile of rice that you're given is quite excellent and worthy of a doggy bag.  The only problem with Haveli is actually a very grave problem.  The na'an is not as excellent as it should be.  It's much more cripsy than chewy and you eat through it much too quickly.  Na'an is to be chewed, savoured and devoured in a manner similar to what I'm like at a burrito eating contest - anything not tied down is wrapped in a tortilla and vacuumed into my belly.   The garlic na'an is also not garlicly enough.  After having a few pieces I could still talk to a friend and not have them go "whoa damn boy! did a vampire die in your mouth?".  That is not acceptable.At the end of your meal, Haveli does provide a simple mango ice cream to cleanse your palate.  It's a delicious way to end the meal.  If you enjoy unassuming and well done Indian food and are looking for a nice romantic and warm environment, Haveli is quite frankly a good place to end up on a cold winter night.
I grew up in India and have eaten at many, many Indian restaurants. This is probably the best Indian food in New York City.The waiters can be a little bit annoying... they could really use some more polish in this department. But ignore them, and you're likely to have a heck of a meal.I came here with a large group of people of all ages and different ethnicities, and I think everyone was delighted with their meal. There's something for everyone on the menu.
One of the best indian restaurants I've found in the area so far. It's more for a nice date than a quick bite, but I've only been there twice for dinner. Their menu is standard and should keep vegetarians and meat lovers happy. Nothing spectacular, but you won't be disappointed.
I've walked by this restaurant every day for the past 6 months and finally got around to trying it out.  Both the food and service were very good.  You can't really tell from the outside but it's a huge restaurant with an upstairs and everything.  I usually get chicken tikka masala when I go to an Indian restaurant but they didn't have it on the menu so the waiter suggested something similar (I forget the name).  It was delicious but if you want to order it, it's not on the menu so just tell them you want something like chicken tikka masala.
Great atmosphere, quality ingredients, (over-) attentive service, and... REALLY boring food. I've eaten Indian on three continents, in lots of variations. This was the blandest I've ever seen it. And, perhaps that's the Pakistani part of "Indian/Pakistani" food. OK. Fine. But if you actually enjoy the spice and savor of Indian, you'll be quite disappointed here. I second the idea that this is the place to take picky eaters who don't like spices. They'll be impressed with the overall experience, the copper pots, etc. But it costs twice as much as more flavorful places around the corner, let alone the real spiffy places up in the 20's. So, why go?
expensive for good-not-great indian food. luckily they forgot to charge us for a bottle of wine, which i never argue.best mulligatawny soup in town though. and great breads.
Very high quality naan and meats.  Very attentive staff.  A full meal for two and a bottle of wine for $70, including tax and tip.
My five stars for this one means: the 5-star Indian restaurant of the 6th St row!    I've been to Haveli several hundred times, starting before it had its present decor.  It has never let me down.  I rate it highly for the synergy of all its elements - it's by far the most physically comfortable of the Bengladeshi/North Indian restaurants in this area, a big room with tables decently far apart.  The service is exceptional, and there is a full bar.  As someone who likes a margarita with her Indian dinner, I appreciate this, and I also appreciate the sincere, creative, and varying results produced by my margarita order.   Food is always just fine, and the menu includes some South Indian things too which might make vegetarians happy.  I am always happy I've gone there, with friends or on my own with a nice book.  It is a very good place for a group, they manage it all effortlessly.
Probably my favorite Indian restaurant, Haveli provides a more upscale alternative to the other neighborhood Indian joints.  They offer a wide variety of North Indian dishes; the dansak curry and biryani meals are personal favorites.  The prices are a little higher than other nearby options, but the quality, atmosphere, and service far surpass their competition.  Try ordering a mango margarita when they're not too busy; if you're lucky, you might end up getting all the leftovers from the blender too.
Just about average Indian fare. Chana chaat was a decent starter, a cold appetizer of chickpeas w/ a spicy green sauce. Paneer was a little overfried and spongy. Eggplant stew was too bland for my taste. Kulfi seriously tasted like cool whip flavored with pistachio jello pudding (seems random but I have made this before) - not what I was expecting of ice cream. Service was generally very good, but the waiter didn't even tell us about any of the specials and he asked us, like, three times if we were going to order anything to drink. Seems that the decor and service are the only things that warrant the jacked up prices. Would have to check out the numerous other Indian restaurants in this vicinity before heading back here.
Yum yum, but pricier than it's 6th street oogly step sisters. Great atmosphere and service too and the food is quite good. Good date spot. One of my fav indian spots. Don't forget to get yourself a mango lassi. ( this type of ambience can be found in Jackson Heights, Queens for cheaper and just as yummy...but that's trip to queens)
More upscale compared to other restaurants across Curry Row. The menu selection is a little bit more refined, but the overall dishes are above average at best. Just a little pricier than elsewhere, but for a nicer interior and a (generally) better alcohol selection.
Great food. Great service. Nice relaxed atmosphere. Had the Vindaloo Curry it was nice and spicey. Bread basket was amazing.
I've been to Haveli a bunch now.  I didn't like my first couple of visits because I tried to find replacements for Chicken Tikka Masala (which is not on the menu).  Finally I branched out and tried different things.  Outcome: Delicious!  I will be eating there again and again.
Great basic Indian place.  Good service, good food.  I had the chicken tikka and garlic naan and enjoyed it.
We used to love Haveli's, something like 4 years ago, but then we moved out. We went back, and were very disappointed. Two of the three entrees were not good (and the okra was simply bad), one was ok, and the price tag was much higher than one would think because they charge you like $4-5 for a simple side of chutney or raita (not good either). The service is nice, but you can find much better much cheaper indian food elsewhere!
Not the best Indian food I've had.  The service here was the best part.  The portions were large so I'd recommend splitting an appetizer and entree if you go w/ 2 people.  I tried the naan and roti... both of which I've had many times at other restaurants and enjoyed ...but not at this restaurant.  I thought the flavor of both was extremely bland.  I also tried the tandoori grill appetizer and a chicken curry... both of which were ok but nothing memorable.  The mango ice cream was a nice touch but not enough to make me want to go back.
Service was really good, but the food was no better than average.  I'm not sure what all the fuss is about, really.
in a city like new york, knowing where the best of a certain type of food is can be quite daunting. impossible, really. so, when we were feeling like some extremely good indian food, we discussed it with a friend who had spent time in india, and was indian herself. she told us about haveli.we were immediately sat and, from the start, were presented a very pleasant dining expeirence. it was just me and a friend, so we were shown a few tables and assumed they wanted us at the table for two, but he said, "no, no, take the big table" which was nice. our server was very nice as well, clearing up some of the questions i've had about indian food and pronunciation without making me feel like an idiot. i did always wonder what the difference between palak paneer and saag paneer was. there's no other way, for me, to do indian food than without samosas to start and lamb for the entree. we did lamb vindaloo and madras, both great choices. as we passed on dessert due to all the garlic naan we ingested, they still presented each of us with free mango ice cream anyway.
First time going here, definitely the best indian meal I have had in NYC. Highly recommended.
never been in person butordered take out last night at a friend's apt and was very pleasantly surprised. first time i haven't gotten a tummy ache from indian food in ages! everything was pretty fresh and clean.had chana/spinach, shrimp appetizer, and tandoori chicken (sorry maybe i will look up actual names and edit later.) without asking they sent along soup (which i ate) and rice (which i didn't (rice is superfluous imho ;) )) and 3 sauces. the flavors were all good and the chicken was moist and delicious. the mint/chili sauce was super yummy and delivery was pretty fast tooeta: ordered in again from delivery.com and it was really really good. mixed tandoori. sometimes, ok most of the time, indian food gives me a tummy ache and this didn't! score.
Delicious meals, attentive staff, affordable prices, great atmosphere.  Check, check, check and check.  I haven't had much experience with Indian restaurants in the past, but if I were to ever try somewhere else, Haveli would be my measuring stick.
My sis introduced me to this place. Guess she figured I needed to upgrade my perception of  what "good indian" was. I've gone far and wide (England-U.S.) Hands-down, this is the BEST Indian food you will experience! The food, the service, everything, authentic...just wonderful. An added plus if you go when the weather is warm and can eat outside.
I picked this place for my daughter's going away night party with her 4 best friends because the reviews were consistently good. We can confirm that the service was lovely, they gave each of the girls a Shirley Temple right after we sat down, and followed the meal with a complimentary ice cream complete with sparkler for the special occasion. Most important, the food was excellent. The breads were great, the korma, tikka masala and malai kofta were excellent, and the mango lassi was great too.  My only complaint was it smelled a tiny bit when we first entered, so I was thinking I made a bad decision at first, but in the end if was perfect.
It may be a little more expensive than its 6th street neighbors but Haveli offers a different experience that is worth the price. Attentive service and an excellent selection of Indian fare. I like the curries, all of them. Also, the garlic nan is quite delicious. If I lived closer, I'd be there all the time.
Best relatively inexpensive Indian restaurant in the city.  Service is good, but not great.  Food is consistently very very good, but not amazing.  Consistent food.  Very fresh Nan breads.  Fun to watch the guy making the bread (though you have to make your way to the back and watch).  Could be a good date place.   Outdoor seating when the weather is nice.  Tikka Masala, Korma, Vindaloo, Saag and the other curries are all excellent.  I would highly recommend the dish called Balti!  The papadam and chutneys are decent.  The rice, daal and cabbage that they serve are also nice freebies (as is the mango ice cream desert, which I haven't figured out how they decide when to serve free).  The service, while sometimes good, can also be annoying, it really depends on the server.  The description of what Haveli means on the menu is also interesting, as is the ambiance of the restaurant.  If you want pretty good Indian food in the east village and want to avoid curry row, try this place.
mmm haveli. for reasonably priced yummy indian food, this is my spot! the service is good, and I've eaten here a number of times and have never gotten a bad meal. it's not anything thats going to make your head explode, but haveli is very reliable and tasty!
Came here with a bunch of indian bros so I wasn't worried about the service. Food-wise it was decent. Nothing was surprisingly good or bad; the entire meal pretty much flatlined. The chicken and lamb vindaloo we got was doable. It definitely wasn't as spicy as the usual vindaloo I get from other Indian spots. The owner brought out generous helpings of side dishes here and there but I would echo that portion sizes for the entrees were definitely on the smaller end. I'm sure there are plenty of good Indian spots in East Village, so I can't really recommend this perse, but it is good enough for a big group gathering.
Wow. This place is a complete ripoff. We ordered 2 chicken dishes which barely amounted to 8oz of meat. We spent $47 and didn't have any food. The order arrived late, the lentils spilled all over bag and to top it off The food quality was awful- samosa was not fresh, and chicken had no flavor. Save your money and time.
Woo! Best restaurant in the neighborhood in my approximation. I've only been here about a month but boy was it good!Kahn, who I assume is either the owner or manager, treated us like kings. He actually called my friends and me "highness" for most of the meal. We got a free appetizer and a free desert and free rice. The food Kahn picked for us was some of the best Indian I have ever had (and I've been to India!). Funny anecdote: was telling a buddy of mine who lives in Brooklyn about this great new Indian place I went to. He asked which place. I told him and he said it's his favorite Indian in NYC. Insane!See you soon Kahn.
I went to this restaurant with my teenage daughters and was very unimpressed. The decor is okay, and the water was cold. That's about the best I can say about this mediocre, expensive restaurant. The papadam was soggy. Yes, it is free, but crisp papadam is not a big ask. We started with vegetable samosas, which were tiny and very greasy. I ordered chicken jalfrezi, and asked for it to be spicy. About six small chunks of chicken were served in a totally bland tomato sauce. For $15 it was horrible value. My kids each had vegetarian dishes that were at best average. The korma was ok; the spinach was almost inedible. The naan was all right, though again the portion was very small. They did give us two scoops of ice cream for free. But overall we left hungry, and sixty dollars poorer. I do not recommend this place.
This is the absolute best indian resturant I've ever been too. I ordered the curry shrimp which I highly recommend the spices were out of this world. The lamb samosa is also my favorite with extra onions on the side. Exceptional customer service. Haveli has just earned themselves two loyal customers and alot of referrals. Soon couldn't come soon enough.
Went there about 4 months back but now writing review.Not the best restaurant in the city but not the worst either. Decent Indian food. I would have given them 3 start for the food as the Baigan Bharta was under cooked. The manager heard us saying that and he compensated with one of the best Dal ever and so 4 stars. He also gave us complementary dessert to make up for the mistake.Will go there back. :-)
It's a great place with the most excellent service. The food has a lot of options for vegetarians especially. Looking forward to coming back soon.
You can watch the world go by on Haveli's patio.  Nice food, nice service. Entrées range in price from 12 to 20. If you want spicy, ask for spicy. The lamb was cooked as lamb should be.  The rice had real cardamom in it.
There was no hostess greeting me as I walked in and I stood there for a good 5 mins until she came out of the bathroom and sat me at my reserved table. I wanted something small but not heavy so I ordered the Kemma Nan. When everyone got their dish, my plate was empty so where was my food under the freaking Garlic Nan. Are they fucking serious that they couldn't fucking put it in another basket. I was so disappointed that there was beef paste here and there in my Kemma Nan so where's the actual meat! One of my friend's chicken dish was very dried and overcooked. How the fuck you messed up on chicken cubes! Overall I like the table that I reserved for and the decor but that's about it. And the complimentary mango ice cream was the yummiest thing at Haveli! Honestly Haveli is not thee best Indian food so I won't be coming back!
I'm very surprised by some of the negative reviews.  I have only had excellent, well-prepred food and the most hospitable, attentive service whenever I have visited Haveli.  I have eaten Indian food in London--some top restaurants--and I think many of the dishes at Haveli are at that same high level.  And it's very reasonable with a full bar.  And often a complimentary starter and ice-cream for dessert.  A great place to enjoy with friends!  Give it a try.
I had found this place after tons of search through yelp, the ambiance is good and the food was delicious... I was a bit skeptical at first with the way the service went but when the food came, it amazed us. They gave us complimentry  tadka daal with rice, chana poori and ice cream.. the staff was friendly and always on their toes to make sure the service was delivered. The reason not to give a five star is that we found a piece of hair in there... which did upset us but they replaced the dish for us right away.. in simple words its decent. It is a must go !
Food here... great Service here... unpleasant I'll explain... Their selection of curry is impressive and I was able to go past my lamb curry usual choice into the exotic... pineapple curry..Their staff was mixed of both nice and terribly rude servers. Our waiter was rude about changing a set of dirty silverware, ensuring me I had a perfectly good set with out looking at it. Paying the bill... We were told that we would be charged extra for splitting a bill with 2 credit cards... after we received the bill... our waiter argued with us about this... bottom line you do not argue with your customers as you loose clients... as Haveli has of tonight...
This restaurant has both fair prices and absolutely delicious food. It is a hidden gem of an Indian restaurant. When asked for our spicy level, my husband said "make me cry". And he did. Extra points for making it spicy enough that he didn't have to add extra spice. Mine was delicious (eggplant) and not spicy (on request) and the samosas had a great flavor. Definitely our new Indian spot.  Also- they added more rice to our to go bag!
Extremely varied menu. Many many items. Flavorful, but also not very spicy. Nothing at all to complain about. But nothing really to brag about. Formal dining. Very good service-- but no one was there when I visited for lunch. I'd go there again, just because here is SO much variety.
Went here with 2 friends and had the most wonderful experience.Had chicken tikka masala and it was one of the best I've had in the city. The samosas were also very, very good. Also had some garlic naan and some sag paneer all excellent.Service was extremely fast and attentive, a little too attentive for my tastes, but can't complain too much. Gave us complimentary ice cream at the end, and some older guy bought us all a round of drinks.Would definitely go back!!
Awesome!The service, seating, atmosphere, location, and food were are SO GREAT. And, everything was so reasonably priced.I just got home from traveling around India, and let me tell you that this place is legit Indian food.
Best (and most affordable!) Indian food in Manhattan! I cannot praise this place enough! We stumbled upon it after cancelling an Open Table reservation, and we felt like we won the Jackpot! My boyfriend has a nut allergy and my friend has a dairy/egg allergy, and management was extremely accommodating. Highly recommend!
I ordered carry out from here last night and was so disappointed. The portions were ridiculous for a $40 meal. Additionally the butter chicken had almost no flavor, the garlic naan was dried out, and the chicken tikka masala was soupy. Moreover it simply did not taste authentic in the least. Additionally, their credit card machine was broken so we had to go out to an ATM to get cash.
Customer service and staff were super helpful and nice. BUT I can't begin to explain how horrendous the food was. I ordered chicken biryani (which tasted nothing like Biryani) I ordered chaat (which again were just chickpeas and loads of spice) lastly I ordered chicken tikka which had no taste what so ever. I am throughly disappointed and wished they had decent food.
This is probably my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC.  The food here is AMAZING...if you're a fan of Indian food, you will not regret going to this South Asian gem hidden in the East Village.Food:  I've had the tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, chicken makhni, mango lassi, and mango milkshake here...and they're all wonderful.  This place is always consistently awesome in terms of the quality of the food.  The head chef in the back kitchen must be a genius because every dish is amazing.  Service:  I've always had friendly and attentive service every time I've come in here.  I've had the pleasure of dining here many times and the service has been consistently good every single time.  I always felt welcomed and at home here, and that's thanks to the kind and gracious staff here.  Keep up the great work guys! P.S.:  If you're a fan of Indian cuisine, you MUST take the F train downtown and try this place.
The ease of ordering from the eat24 app did not overcome the food that came with. The flavors on the Murgha Tikka Musalam were very off and under seasoned. There were 10-12 small nuggets of chicken in a very heavy sauce that immediately split into a thick oil after a minute of being open. The garlic naan was pretty burnt and had sparse garlic as well. Honestly the standout was the mango lassi that actually had the texture and taste of eating a mango. I'd summarize this as under seasoned and overpriced. I'd be picking from a different Indian restaurant of the village next time.
Lovely quiet atmosphere. Attentive service. Fresh good. Careful of the level of spiciness.  American palates aren't used to Indian heat. Many vegetarian options. And no worries about gluten.  Fair prices and food came quickly. Hot towels to finish up and a lovely bowl of mango ice cream on the house. Will definitely return.
Haveli was my favorite Indian place in the East Village when I moved there in the late 80s and my affection lasted many years. It served affordable and incredibly tasty food, way better than any of the garish dives on Indian Row/6th Street. Haveli was nicely old-fashioned, family owned, had friendly service and a laid back vibe. Decor/ambiance classy and exotic (to 18 year old me), a great place for first dates. High points were breads (there is a separate bread kitchen) and amazing curries, as spicy as you wanted or not, healthy portions always. Then the place closed for a long time. Merged with Banjara, another well-regarded Indian place. We went back last night to introduce a 10 year old to Indian food and see what had changed since the early oughts.Wow, the prices! Back in the day, you had to try hard to find an entree over $12-15 and portions were so generous the leftovers would make for another meal. No more. What used to be inexpensive-moderate is now expensive and portions are markedly smaller. Of course prices going up while portion sizes going down is not situation unique to Haveli but an absence of 10+ years really makes it shocking. It used to be a casual place to grab some food but is now a place we go for special occasions (being decided non-wealthy unlike the residents of late).   Nothing much has changed about the look--upscale yet kitschy in a good way. It's more touristy, louder, with a lot more cell phones. Staff is still friendly but the first indication this place had changed is when we were offered fizzy water and had to request tap. Our waiter was kind and  knowledgeable and recommended a wonderful selection of kid-friendly Indian Food 101 dishes to share--onion bhaji, dosas, a selection of breads (aloo paratha, poori, nan) and the chicken tikka, usually too salty for me but this was the best I ever had. Everything was delicious, flavorful and non-greasy. The mango ice cream is insanely rich and out of this world. Next time we will cut down on the bread and order another entree--probably some kind of paneer. Mission accomplished: a great meal and a kid who now loves Indian food and can't wait for more.Haveli is still one of the best Indian places in the E. Village and very convenient if you're in the area. If you have the time and are feeling adventurous, however, take the F train up to Queens--Jackson Hgts, Sunnyside--where large communities of NYC's various Indian populations live and eat at much lower prices.
Great food, good service and good drinks The lady that worked there on 5.26.14 should definitely get a raise if she's not one of the ownersLove you guys; you made our night
Get the vindaloo.  I always make a point to ask for my vindaloo spicy, but many restaurants are scared to really spice it up.  Not Haveli!  Not only is the vindaloo wicked spicy on its own, but they will give you some kind of crazy extra spicy sauce to add to it.I always get the vindaloo, but I've tried other dishes when other people have ordered them--notably the chicken tikka masala--and everything has been very well done.  Haveli is also a great value.  I'm a big fan.
Haveli has great Indian food and the nicest staff ever. Came here with seven people for a birthday party and everyone thought their dinner was delicious!
Owner is an a**hole. Charged us for food we didn't order and insisted we pay. Food was mediocre, DON'T go here
Great lamb in the mixed tandoori. Very friendly service. They comped us many things and were super nice
Horrible service. Woman on the phone who took our order was extremely unresponsive. When I said we had a new address, she asked if she should change the old one and then took forever taking it down. An hour later I got a call from a doorman that our delivery was accidentally left there. Called the restaurant to find out what happened and the same women was impossible to deal with. Now we have no food on a Friday night. Never ordering from here again.
I used to go to this place when it was Banjara at the corner of 6th street and 1st avenue. They closed their and I guess the bought Havelli but the menu is still Banjara's menu. This is sincerely the best Indian food I have ever eaten. I lived with a Brit for 18 years whose favorite food was Indian and until he died we went there more than twice a month. Not only is their food wonderful but you cannot beat their service. So here are some recommendations. The Dumpkaht dishes are delicious. Picture a naan baked over a korma --- close to that. The lamb is the best by far because it gives the gravy a beautiful flavor. The Shrimp papas are also fabulous -- a coconutty slightly spicy sauce over jumbo shrimp (perfectly cooked) are just delectable. The korma is the best I have ever had. What is really wonderful about this places is the quality of their ingredients. I have found that while other indian restaurants offer good food, the quality of the ingredients is not the best. Their prices are a bit higher than other Indian restaurants but honestly it is worth every penny of it. Oh and they always give you free desert of an ice cream that they make if you don't order anything!Oh and it is deliciously quiet so you can hear the people you are with!
Now that Mitali has closed we have to go to Haveli- same owners. I was so disappointed Mitali closed since I had been going for over 10 years but hey couldn't have made it a better transition. There was someone at Mitali who literally was standing outside and escorted us to Haveli and sent us in with a discount coupon. Haveli still offers the same outstanding food and great service even some of the same staff at Mitali. A little fancier and less cozy than Mitali, but a wonderful experience nonetheless. My now favorite Indian place without the warm Indian decor. Can't wait to go back!
Foods on point as is service. Tikka masala, popadoms, everything tasted fresh. Big up!
This place is so bizarre. I will give them all the props in the world for their friendliness --I assume this comes part and parcel with the fact that they're just off of 6th street and have tons of competition. The manager of night proclaimed that he was "so glad we're back!" (we've never been here, though we have been to Banjara, which merged with this place not long ago), so we got a free appetizer. Food was lackluster in flavor -- I was pretty disappointed with the tomato/potato/lemon dish I got. Friends ordered chicken tikka masala and a biryani, which they didn't seem particularly floored by.Wouldn't return.
Completely mediocre.  The dosas are tasteless and almost as chewy as shoe leather, and their curries are pretty bland.  With so many other options in the area, I doubt I'll be back here. Service was decent though.
Went  there  on a Friday night and got a table easily.Staff was highly motivated, attentive and friendly.Food was delicious.When they kind of forgot our order, they excused about a thousand times and we got free dessert (mango ice cream).We definitely enjoyed our visit and would go back any time!We'd recommend it to anyone!
I am an advocate the local, long time restaurants, such as Haveli, one of the best, most pleasant, friendliest and reasonably priced neighborhood places.  I have dined there regularly for the last 15 years.  Since the merge with Bangara, and an expected menu change, I've eaten there 4 times, each meal successively less well prepared than the previous one.  I dined there last night, ordering Turg Tandoori. This is a standard on most Indian restaurants, variations on the dish are expected and welcome. However this was well below the standard of Haveli/Bangara of old or recent experience.  The chicken was both mealy and overcooked, and coated in an indeterminately flavored mushy spicing . The color was right but neither flavor nor texture was.  Even the papadam was pale and soggy. I am sorry that this formally excellent restaurant has changed so radically and I'll no longer be stopping by.
As someone who absolutely loves food, constantly thinks of food, and even dreams of food (sometimes), it takes a lot to make me not want to look at food ever again.  This place somehow managed to accomplish that.I don't understand how this place has such fantastic reviews since the food is mediocre, the ambience is kind of shoddy, and the lighting is so dim I can barely see the person across the table from me.  First, the food.  I love Indian food and I have had a lot of Indian food.  The dishes that were ordered here however, were bland and severely lacking the complex spices often present in other Indian food.  I had the Chicken Vindaloo and the chicken was very tough and chewy, and not even remotely tender.  The other dishes were also overcooked and consequently, tough/mushy depending on the item that was overcooked.The ambiance was also not very nice - the tables and menu were sticky, the place seemed a little rundown, and the lighting was so dark I could barely see my food.  The service was okay at first, nothing special.  This would have merited three stars, except for what happened next.In two of the dishes, we found hair that was definitely not from our party.  It was at the end of our meal and we had already finished the main courses.  Instead of offering to refund our dishes or even offering us dessert, they offer to cook us new ones? At the end of our meal when we were already full? We told them that we couldn't bring them back since we were headed somewhere else afterwards but they told us they had already started cooking them in the back, which makes no sense whatsoever.  We gave up, but this just confuses me,   This still would have been two stars, except for the fact that I got sick later that night.  My stomach is pretty strong and I've eaten some pretty questionable things over the years, so for me to get sick means a lot.  Never, ever, coming back here again.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant! I loved them also at the old location (Banjara) but the new ambiance is very cool. Still the same amazing food with lots of variety. The wait staff is lovely, very attentive. It is rare to find such a homey, small-town-feel restaurant in such a big city, but these guys have it nailed. They are warm and kind, and they always give you a little extra something (appetizer, dessert, etc.) to make you feel special and well taken care of.
I don't think I've had Indian food this good in a long time. Often "just okay" and frequently mediocre, I've found that good Indian food is really few and far between, at least in this parts.Then there's Haveli. Haveli is a really classy joint with impeccable service. They start you off with some complimentary Indian crackers (pappadum? maybe?) while you contemplate the menu. Which is really nice, because I'm pretty sure most bread baskets are only offered after the orders have been placed. I got a mushroom curry with lamb, and was it absolutely delicious! I loved the generous amounts of meat and thickly sliced mushrooms, and the basmati rice with separated grains to sop up all that curry sauce. I also tried the garlic naan, which wasn't quite as garlicky as I would have liked but the bread was wonderfully light and puffy.They also offered us complimentary mango ice cream for dessert, and some hot towels to wipe down our hands after dinner. Also, our servers were ever so prompt and attentive, refilling our waters very efficiently and were really smiley. I don't think I've had such a pleasant dining experience in a while.
To be honest, I was a little disappointed. The E. 6th Street Little India is dying and I ended up at Haveli thanks to great reviews on Yelp. I know I am not Indian Cuisine expert but I know my Vindaloo well enough to know they went down the route to bland and non-spicy taste. We got the original naan bread to share and I got vindaoo chicken for myself. The naan bread is pretty good but the dipping sauce is pretty weak. I have had better ones for sure. The Vindaloo was really disappointing to me. It was not spicy at all. Vindaloo should be equal to hell-level spiciness but what I experienced is weaker than the weak hot sauce at fake Chinese takeout places. The chicken was tender and the sauce has its sour taste. Unfortunately, the spice went MIA on it. They did give us a ton of rice to go with our curry dishes. The curry itself isn't much. Well, if it is spicy enough, I probably would not have finished it all. I have to look for another good Indian restaurant in East Village AGAIN.
Worst place I have ever ordered from!! I'm so angry with this place. Ordered food and waited for more than two hours. When the food arrived it was cold and spilled all over, we did not accept the delivery. We tried to call the restaurant many times while waiting and the phone was disconnected all of a sudden. Never order from this place, it is a total scam
This place was excellent. The food, service and atmosphere. We ordered the samosas for appetizers, they were amazing. They come in two per order but since we were 3 they took the incentive to bring us an extra one. The chicken tikka was the best I have ever had. The lamb korma was equally as amazing, along with the garlic naan. We received two scoops of ice cream after that amazing meal. I will definitely be going back when I am here, and recommending it.
Worth coming to:- Delicious food- Great and attentive service- Comfortable atmosphere- Not extremely pricey for the quality of foodComplimentary Dal Papri with 3 dipping sauces at the beginning of your meal and a scoop of creamy mango ice cream at the end of your meal.Recommend:- Indian Hor D'oeuyers (you get a little bit of everything!)- Goat Rogan Josh- Chicken Tandoori (I'm usually not a fan of this dish because it has been dry every time I've had it but at Haveli, it's juicy and tender!!)Food: 8Decor: 8Service: 8.5*ratings out of 10
We went on a Saturday night around 8 pm. Two floors of seating and we sat in the upper part. I would say about half the tables were filled. We had reservations, but didn't need them.Atmosphere is different than most other Indian restaurants in that it has a formal feel. Everyone is dressed in suits, greets you politely, there are white table clothes, and it's dimly lit. I would say it's probably good for a date, but the formal attitude doesn't really match the people and atmosphere of the place. Nothing wrong with it, though. Better than a bad environment with no greetings.Chicken vindaloo - this was great. Requested light oil and salt and they accommodated that request. Love the spiciness of this dish, although I do think it is spicier in other Indian restaurants I've been to. White meat! Got it with brown rice as that is steamed. Gave a generous portion of the rice, not so much a huge portion of the chicken, but it was enough. No leftovers.Forgot the name of the second dish - I really need to call to find out. It was a chicken dish with tomato, ginger, garlic, and a bit of sweetness. Also white meat and this one with basmati rice. Again no leftovers of the chicken, but ample rice. I feel like it was either the murgha, do-piaz, or rogan? I wish I knew! Indian spice chai as a drink and mango ice cream to end.Delicious food and nice waiters. Would definitely be back.
This has been our go-to Indian restaurant in New York for a whIle. The atmospere is pleasant, the service is attentive and the food is delicious!!! Our favorite dishes are Malai Kofta, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Palak Paneer. This sums up a perfect Indian meal for my hubby and me. They also give u complimentary mango ice-cream for dessert which is yummy!!!I cant give it 5 stars though because the best Indian food I've had by far is in a hole in the wall in New Jersey and nothing can compare! Haveli is as close as we have found so far in our neighborhood in Manhattan.
3.5 stars, good not great - very soft, gentle food that feels like it's been marinading for hours, but the worst onion kulcha ever eaten. Came to the area looking for some Indian food before a concert and chose Haveli based on looks, Yelp, and having my favorite entree.  Got a table near the window, sat and waited to order.Service was slow with one guy managing numerous tables and the phones.  Still eventually we got our orders in and listened to neighboring tables say the most idiotic things until they left.  The GF ordered a coke which was extremely flat - she had to get a fresh can.Food arrived - my lamb rogan josh was good, just felt very soft like it had been marinaded for days.  Good flavor, pretty tasty - her food was just okay, just soft, not a great descriptor for food.The one thing that was really really really bad was the Onion Kulcha - just dead, burnt, worthless.  Lack of service had us not saying anything and just dealing with it - we didn't want to wait for a fresh portion either.Meal ended with some free ice cream - pretty bad & inedible and was the tipping point to make it 3 instead of 4 stars.
I definitely can see myself coming back here to dine. The interior of the place makes it a great place to bring a date, even though the exterior is quite deceptive about the size and comfort of the place. The service is highly attentive. The food is basic quality Indian. I was too stuffed for desert. American standard met there.
This is a great Indian restaurant to go to for a date. It is quiet, intimate and great for conversations. The service is generally really good--attentive enough without being too disruptive. I recommend the Tandoori Mixed Grill. It is a variety of Indian barbecue consisting of chicken tikka, lamb tikka and sheek kabab. It is juicy and all deliciously made with the right amount of spices. At the end of the meal there is a complimentary scoop of mango ice cream. While Haveli may not be one of the more authentic Indian restaurants it is always worth coming back to because of the awesome decor and the delicious food.
Fantastic find! The atmosphere was a brilliant mix of formal and casual, the staff was super friendly and fun, and the food was delicious. Really scratched an Indian itch, trying dishes neither my wife or I had ever tried before with great satisfaction! Would come again anytime.
I assume because you landed here that you're looking for good indian food in the east village. You've found it.Everything tastes great, the service is excellent, they have outdoor seating if it's nice outside. Wouldn't change anything about the place.The food could have been a little spicier, but I figure that's just the standard toned down version they serve unless you ask for extra heat.Enjoy.
Feeling very excited about going to New York and taking out our son and his best friends and band mates for a fabulous dinner. Can't review the food yet, but I will say that Khan was over the top accommodating. He is handling the food and setting up a perfect table for 12!! Food review to follow.
I was very pleasantly surprised by this restaurant and will most certainly return. At first I was a little put off by the name being different than I was expecting and the restaurant being a bit empty at the start of dinner. That said the service was great, food on point, and the restaurant filled to the brim by the time we had left. Everything we ate was delicious and the flavors balanced and complex! I would have liked a bit of spice with the curry but maybe that was just the yogurt that masked it. Aside from that all delicious, especially the mango ice cream which we finished with. It was delicious light and the perfect end to an Indian meal.
Best Indian food in NYC!  The starters , entrees , and dessert were amazing start to finish.  Service was also very good . Highly recommend this to everyone .
Amazing food. If all the Indian spots in the area. This one us my favorite. I had the vandal po and it was perfect. The naan is not burnt up like you get from other places. The samosas are a little smaller than usyal, but really good and a little different.  Everything was fresh and impressive.
Stopped in here a few weeks ago. My friend found this online and wanted to try it. I'm always up for trying new restaurants, so, why not?It was a weeknight and we walked right in, didn't have to wait for a table. It was a little dark but cozy. The waiter was very attentive.  We ordered our food and it came out after what seemed like five minutes. Which was great because we were both starving! My friend didn't have any complaints with his meal, but he wasn't raving about it. mine was overcooked.  The chicken in my chicken tikka masala was soo dry. Even the sauce didn't help. I don't like sending food back, so i had a few bites but didn't take leftovers. If it wasn't for the naan i probably would have left hungry.
One of the best East Village Indian restaurants. Had some eggplant dish which was tasty. Seems to get packed on the weekends, so I'd suggest dining here during the week. Attentive service as well. Went here for a friend's birthday dinner. Will make a point to come back with just my boyfriend or one other friend. Something tells me I might like the Haveli experience that way.
We had a dinner at Haveli because one of our friend recommended it. We weren't disappointed. Very good food, Nice interior decoration.  I ordered chicken Tikka and naan. Very tasty food. Definitely would recommend.
I might be biased, but there's something about Indian food and table cloths that just don't really mix.Frankly, I found this place to be overpriced with average service. While the food was definitely yummy, it just wasn't up to snuff.I'd recommend they have a little more fun with the place. Or, go full swing to a "table cloth" restaurant.
Back in the day, this indian spot was one of *THE* upscale restaurants in this neighborhood.  It seemed out of place and pricey.Fast forward 15 years, and it's very moderately priced, but you still get a-list service and very good attention to detail.  The place has 20 foot ceilings, and a smaller second floor seating area.  I like the way it feels to eat in a big room.I had a shaag badgi which is the spinach without the heavy ghee.  It's not so buttery as other indian dishes.  Also a few orders of papadam worked wonders for me.  And let's not forget the garlic naan.  Very tasty food, great service, and indian musak playing but not too loud.The only  minor complaint I would make is the upholstery could use a makeover!
Authentic Indian food?  I think not.  I ordered their chat, tandoori chicken, nan, and paratha.  Having been around home cooked Indian food and truly authentic Indian meals, I knew I was in for trouble just looking around at the waitstaff.  Rolling the dice, I'd see how well they would pull this off and like I expected, I was sorely disappointed.  The chat, was served on a bed of lettuce (WTF?), having nearly no tamarind sauce, and missing the crunchy bits I so enjoy.  Rather than being a flavor explosion in my mouth, it was a bland disappointment.  The tandoori chicken was dry, the paratha resembled roti rather than being the flakey, crispy, goodness it should be.  And quite frankly, I've had better nan and paratha at home by stopping at the Indian grocery store and buying the frozen stuff.  Now, add on the fact that this place is vastly over priced you get a pretty bad review.  If you want authentic Indian food, keep it moving.  If you don't like spicy food and like what you eat to be bland, come here.
Love this place! I really like indian cuisine and the people here kmow what they are doing.The ambience is great and the staff are really warm and friendly. The chicken briyani is quite delicious. I've had the chapati as well and it's pretty good. They give you free dessert too :)
Place is dark. I don't like dark restaurants. I want to be able to see what I'm eating. The staff is friendly and were able to accommodate my request to zero spice on my food. I'm not crazy about Indian food but I did enjoy the chicken dish. Not sure if I was impressed to go back and try Indian food again. To be fair, this is more of a taste preference than a reflection on the restaurant.
Friendly service, great food - we ordered at least ten dishes and I enjoyed all of them - and especially THE BEST MANGO ICE CREAM. I will definitely be back.
Great place. Ordered the chicken saag, onion nan, okra appetizer and crepe appetizers and it was plenty for 2 people. Very tasty, efficient service and extremely reasonable. Even got a free mango ice cream for dessert. I will return.
Wow, it was really cold out. So my friend suggested Indian food which I really never eat. What a great idea. The space was nicely decorated with soothing music playing in the background. Kinda closed my eyes and imagined Sgt. Peppers album with George Harrison playing in the background with the 3 other guys. I had the Banana Pankora appetizer and the Shrimp Curry. I don't really know what my friend had besides some chicken dish and chickpeas. But I was annoyed that he as messing with my rice. Hey man keep your damn fork away from my food! The pankora was these nice fluffy fritters with a very subtle banana taste. And tasted even better with the sauces they provide. Now the Shrimp Curry needed all the rice I could get. It was quite delicious as it came in this nice copper tureen. The rice was also very, very good. Over all a really decent place with some reasonable prices for the location.
Excellent - Really exceeded our expectations.We walked over to this immediate area with another restaurant in mind for dinner.  It was a beautiful summer evening - one of those perfect summer evenings where you just want to soak up the fresh air and be outside.  We got to the restaurant we planned to go and the air conditioning was on max - no outdoor seating.  No can do.  Strolled around a bit and thought hmm, we've never been to Haveli.With Indian restaurants, it can be hit or miss.  You can get some real gems and you can get some awful places.  Do you take the chance?  It was a nice evening and Haveli had outdoor seating so we figured we'd take the chance.I do not like spicy food and I asked if they could make the Fish Masala mild.  Restaurants always say they can make it "not spicy" but sometimes it is not spicy and othertimes it is spicy.  You never know what you're going to get.  Haveli was perfect.The waitstaff were very patient as I asked about several choices.  Patient and professional.  Every item from the Kingfisher beer and the wine to the Garlic Naan and the Fish Masala and the outdoor seating - excellent.
Went there a couple of months ago and simply loved the food. Excellent service and even better food. Would definitely recommend to everyone.
I would really LOVE to rate this place higher, but I can't.The atmosphere is quiet and intimate, the staff are pleasant, and the food is quite tasty.  However...It took 3 tries to get my drink right, and when finally I changed to something else, there was a fly in it.  Yeah, you can see where this is going...There were flies all over the place.  They were buzzing around the table, in my martini, my date's wine, on the plates and flatware, and hopping from dish to dish.  We told the manager, who apologized, but only mentioned he would call someone on Monday to deal with it.  As I said, the food was quite tasty, but I can't help thinking if there were that many flies in the dining room, what must have been going on in the kitchen?  I am quite certain there must be piles of rotting product back there and some of it must be hitting the tables.In the end, the manager offered a small desert and an aperitif gratis and apologized for the flies.  I was a little perturbed, though, when the bill came and the drink (which was never right) was not removed from the tally having had a fly impersonating Michael Phelps in it.Needless to say, I won't be going back.
The choices were nice and the decor was lovely, but the dishes were a little too creamy for my taste.The free mini scoop of mango ice cream for dessert was a nice touch, and the papadam was perfectly crispy.
Delicious! I had chicken samosas, garlic naan & butter chicken. All wonderful at a fair price.
One of the only few restaurants I would give a 5 to .Food that we ordered was on point Service was definitely top 3 I have received in all of NYCThey actually cared for us to have a good experience, which matters a lot to me . It's not really about just good for me when I go eat out. I go out to enjoy a new experience and these guys are right on mark in giving that . Highly recommend .
One of my favorite Indian places in the city, though I've heard that they've recently changed management. I haven't gone back in a while, so I cannot comment on that.This place is great if you avoid the South Indian fare, which is below par for the most part. Their food has always struck me as less buttery/greasy as food in other places (although delicious, that's not particularly authentic and/or good for you). It is not quite as filling for the hefty price tag as you might get elsewhere on the street, but can be quite flavorful.A major downside is, as mentioned, the price. I've ordered naan/parathas here, expecting a plateful and have gotten just one piece. Stick to rice.Atmosphere-wise, it is quiet and intimate -- perhaps a date place, particularly in the back. They don't bother you all that much.Note, if this matter to you: The wait staff (and presumably the cooks) are Bangladeshi, and not Indian. As a Bengali, this doesn't matter a whole lot to me, but I know people who only want Indian people making their Indian food. Whatevs.
I only just realized that Haveli and Banjara, always under the same management, have now merged. It's the best of both worlds! Good food, good ambience, good location, reasonable prices.
Amazing authentic Indian food with the best service I've ever had in the city. The manager gave us free appetizers and desserts and were extremely attentive without being overbearing. 10/10 in my book.
Highly disappointing experience. Tardy service, undercooked food rice and dal were raw, even a basic dish like aloo Parantha was just terrible it was more of a roll, raita and chutneys seemed stale right out of refrigerator, overpriced. Have had much better indian food at Bhatti, Dhaba etc. Might be great for western palate, but this is not good Indian food. Overly priced for not very authentic mediocre food. I have lived in DC, Chicago, NYC this is not a good Indian food experience.
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the service and the food is fantastic. I don't have a palate for spicy foods, and I loved that they could make most of their dishes without any spice and without any hassle. The food is consistent and the staff are very friendly. If you're anything like me, then you'll be far too full for dessert after eating such a heavy meal. However, they give you two complimentary scoops of very refreshing ice cream regardless of whether you ordered dessert or not, which I think is a very nice gesture. I would highly recommend this restaurant if you're looking for a tasty and enjoyable meal. Oh and another thing, they don't rush you. Anytime I have sat outside, I have been afforded the opportunity to drink and eat at a leisurely pace. A rare occurrence in a city as fast paced as New York!
I probably would have given this place more stars had it not been for the fact that we were ripped off. My husband paid $14 for a double shot of Jameson and was given a shot and another shot of water mixed together!! It wasn't even the color of Jameson... AND I paid $9 for a lychee martini that tasted as strong as the Shirley Temple that they served my niece. And it was about the size of a shot!The food was good.... about the same as any other Indian restaurant I have visited.I MAY return but if I do... I will NOT be ordering any alcohol.
My dear friend Arturo Vega (the Ramones artistic director) swears by this place. I am sure he ate there with Joey a few times ("hangin' out on the avenue, eating Chicken Vindaloo") yeah, this is the place. EVERYTHING was great, except, oddly enough, the Chicken Vindaloo. I guess I am spoiled by my favorite place in Hoboken called Bombay West who make the BEST fucking Vindaloo on earth.My Bff Brooke ordered Saag Paneer and it was to DIE for. I could not keep my hands out of her plate (sorry Brooke). The service is perfect. These folks really aim to please. Atmosphere is outstanding and it is always rather empty when I go (guess it's because there are many other cheaper places around the corner BUT I am a food snob and would rather pay a few extra dollars and get spoiled than to go to a cheaper place and regret it).They even brought me hot water to warm up my baby's bottle and offered to carry him around while we ate (we declined as I don't like to share him :)They make their bread right then and there and you can watch the guy through the window as he does his magic. The Lentil soup is to die for. I can not praise this place enough (apart from my Vindaloo- which, even though I asked for "more potatoes than meat" yet it came with 95% meat and 5% potatoes; chicken was a tad over cooked and the sauce just did not WOW me like Bombay West does). As one other reviewer wrote about the Vindaloo "tasty, though the flavor was pretty strongly cayenne without much other dimension." I could not agree more. They offered dessert but we declined (too full) but they still bring you a mango ice cream as a parting gift and it is the best I have ever had.
Normally, I'm a very, very cheap guy.  One of the few restaurants where I make an exception is Haveli.  Why do they get the Cheap Guy's exemption?  Because they serve the most delicious Indian food in Manhattan.  I am not saying that you will go broke eating here, but prices for entrees are definitely in the $15 to $20 category.  Haveli has been around since as far back as I can remember, but if I were to venture a guess, they've been around since the mid 1980's.  The primary reason for coming here are the quality of their curries, their outstanding breads and their "high-class" atmosphere, which is perfect for taking a date.  In fact, I had once recommended Haveli to a South Indian family visiting from abroad and they told me they loved everything about it.  So come to Haveli, where the seating, ambiance and most of all the food will leave you with no regrets.
Great food, great service. Their chicken tikka masala is delicious (they call it something else though). I actually haven't eaten anything here that i didn't like!
Haveil is such a great place for a date, and it is my boyfriend and I's go-to Indian spot when we want to go somewhere quiet and romantic. It feels intimate and is good for conversation.I am torn between giving this place 3 and 4 stars because their dishes have been pretty hit and miss. I have ordered something different every time, but the last time I got the Vindaloo and it wasn't very spicy. The time before I got their Goat Rogan Josh and it was perfection. I can't recall what I got the other times, but it's best to stick with what they do well. What makes up for the hit and miss menu, however, is the friendly staff and the nice ambiance. They are also modestly priced, which is always nice.This is a great spot if you're more concerned about having a lovely evening than challenging your culinary tastes.
First time coming to this restaurant and first time having Indian for dinner besides lunch buffet. The food was extremely tasty and each dish had such distinct flavors. The service was incredible and I would definitely recommend this place.
AMAZING!  Delicious hocolate sorbet in an ACTUAL cocoa-pod...WHAT????This is my favorite Indian place so far in NYC.  Great food (I'm of Indian descent and pretty picky), super service with lots of smiles (they even gave us a complimentary side dish), good ambiance, great location smack-dab in east village.  Also it won't break the bank and the portions are very large.  I recommend the saag dish with chicken with some nan to scoop up the deliciousness.
Great restaurant and great service! The manager gave us a free app and a free dessert and really helped us choose the best items on the menu. Great experience - will easily go again
We went on a freezing winter night, and could not receiving a warmer reception.A lovely enviroment, throughly attentive wait staff and delicious reasonable priced food. Complimentary samosas and mango ice-cream from the owner to add cheer to a harsh night was a lovely gesture.
I had an absolutely wonderful dining experience at this restaurant. The appetizer was great, and our entrees came out very quickly. The staff was incredibly friendly. The restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived, so that may account for the quick and attentive service. The entrees we ordered were very tasty and flavorful. Loved the complimentary mango ice cream at the end. Overall, well-priced and delicious. Can't wait to go back!
Simply DELIGHTFUL! Portions were on point and we didn't over eat, but they were large enough to be tremendously satisfying. The spinach, cheese and Chicken dish was amazing, the creamy and vegetable-iness a perfect balance. The simple vegetable curry was wonderful and dhal, not overly buttery and well spiced. In fact all the dishes were perfectly seasoned (medium spice recommended). Dessert is a must, the kheer is really unique in consistency but amazing in flavor. I would recommend the coconut custard, it was lovely. Atmosphere was tremendous and the neighborhood was really lively. We loved it!!!
Two friends of mine were visiting from Italy, and they wanted to eat Indian food. I looked up a few Indian places on Yelp, and decided to give Haveli a try.I am sorry to say that I was most disappointed.The decor is very nice, with Indian drawings and paintings hanging on the walls, and a dimly lit atmosphere which is on the romantic side. Certainly this place looks good.The samosa with minced meat were good, but the Tandoori chicken was surprisingly bland (I mean, how can you really go wrong with Tandoori chicken?!). The goat roganjosh tasted very good, but the meat was tough and chewy. The shaag bhajee was what I enjoyed the most: the spinach were moist and tasty, with a nice consistency, and the tomatoes added extra flavor.We also tried their desserts: the kheer was good, but the rasmalai was blandly disappointing.Service was sketchy: we had to ask for water twice, and a request for a slice of lemon took about ten minutes to be fulfilled.Overall the bill came down to $28 each, including a bottle of Taj Mahal and tips.I don't think I'll be coming back.
I live right around the corner and a few friends had told me this place was legit, but some of the more negative reviews had me a bit worried. Went in for dinner last night and we were very satisfied.We ordered pretty unimaginatively: lamb vindaloo, shaag ponir, baingan bhurta. I asked for the vindaloo "very very spicy" and they pretty much obliged. Tasty, though the flavor was pretty strongly cayenne without much other dimension. Shaag was very creamy (as in made with lots of cream) but also tasted very much like fresh spinach, and was delicious. Eggplant was a pleaser too. Service was attentive, if a bit awkward. A cold Kingfisher went great with my meal, and the gf liked her glass of house sauvignon blanc too.We'll be going back.
I give this restaurant 5 stars in it's category - inexpensive, delicious, Indian Food.The food is lovely.  The goat for example, is tender with no gristle with fresh cinnamon and cardamom.  The atmosphere is clean and pretty and airy.  This is really where other LES Little India restaurants  fall down hard.  When the carpets to the bathroom are worn to a greasy shine it's hard or smell musty when you walk in the door it's hard to feel great all through your meal. Haveli is clean and the high ceilings make it airy even in a secluded, romantic corner.  They have a liquor license.  The charming and sincere maitre d genuinely wants you to have a good experience.
Amazing lamb kurma and atmosphere!  The friendliest staff.  I've had Indian food all over NYC and this is the one place where I, as well as my friends, are ALWAYS satisfied with what we get.  And the cocktails are spot on.
Generally a good time, but not impressed with the food.Food - 3.5Out of 5 dishes we ordered 2 were pretty good and 3 were average. The menu is huge so there is a lot to try. Appetizer portions are really small, but the waiters do fill your wine glass to the top.Atmosphere - 4Decent decorations with interesting tapestry and statues. There are two floors. Noise level is pretty quiet. Service - 4.5Very cordial. Service was fast, attentive, and professional. You could see that the people that came there were not first timers and already were in good relations with the servers. That's a sign of caring service. In fact, they were a little to eager. Since the menu is so large i would give your guests a little more time to decide on the order.Value/Price - 4.5Pretty well priced for a restaurant in Manhattan. Main dishes are usually below $20. Portions are good (except appetizers) and drinks are filled up to the top.
Nice staff and service but food is a huge disappointment.  The single star is for the service. Most of the food was stale and tasteless.
Soo what do 10 beautiful women, drained from taking their first pole dancing class do. They head to Haveli to continue celebrating. So we did arrive late for our reservation. But the restaurant was extremely accommodating, as our one friend patiently waited for all of us to arrive. Kudos to the restaurant just for that. So we get there, and immediately begin ordering. I ordered my usual Indian drink of mango lassi. Which I must say I was in heaven, and tried to taper myself so I could enjoy it with my meal, since I could not afford calories wise, to have a second glass. So I have to say everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meals which I will just list from memory. Red snapper which is a Fish Marsala, prepared Bombay style). Chicken Tikka Masala- which needed a little more heat Chicken Briyani Shrimp Briyani Haveli Tray- Non Vegetarian- which was a smorgasbord of non-veggie dishes But what stood out for me, I was craving Shrimp Bhuna, which I did not see on the menu. I asked the waiter, do you have anything on the menu that's similar. So he looks at me in amazement, and asks me " What do you know about Bhuna?". So I winked at him, and was like I am not new to this. LOL... So he informed me, they had Bhuna and will prepare it for me. I was in bliss. I just love Bhuna, as mentioned in other reviews. And it hit the spot. We were stuffed after our meal, so no dessert. The sweet waiter, did provide us with complimentary mango sorbet. As stuffed as we were, hmmm everyone indulged. It was delish.. Nice balance of creamy with not an overpowering amount of mango. As we were exiting the restaurant, I did notice a lot of couples canoodling, so it does seem like a cool spot to bring a date as well.
My favorite Indian restaurant in the city.  I've been coming since I was a kid.  Food is always delicious, and the servers are very friendly.  They give complimentary mango ice cream for desert which is a plus.
3.5 stars...Seems that a lot of Indian people on Yelp love this place and many of the white people aren't as convinced. I'm just another white boy not so in love with this place. Haveli is nearly identical to most other Indian restaurants: It's clean, has a classically formal looking interior down to the cloth napkins and flowers at each table, and is completely devoid of customers. They were phenomenal at refilling our waters every time the glass even came close to half empty and the food prices were about normal. I got the classic chicken curry and garlic naan. The curry was full of huge chunks of onions and tomatoes and had very little curry sauce, the naan also came out so late I was almost half done with my meal. The food was nothing extraordinary that I couldn't get elsewhere so my search continues for a phenomenal Indian place somewhere below 40th st...
Haveli is kind of hidden off the main strip of Indian places, and that's good, because it doesn't need a gimick to draw people in. No musicians in the window, and no christmas lights flickering year round to grab attention. It focses more on the food, and rightly so.The location is narrow, and fronted on 2nd ave. There is an upstairs dining area, as well, although it's never been crowded enough that I have had to sit there. The decor is a bit more contemporary than the competitors, who seem to follow the same basic designs. I also like that it's pretty low key and quiet, at least every time I've been there. Service can be a bit slow though.My go to dish is here, and indeed the reason I discovered this place, is the crabmeat curry - buttery real crabmeat in a mild and pleasant sauce. No "crab with a K" here. It can be a little pricy at about 16 dollars an order, and the non-seafood entrees are pretty good as well, but I hardly ever see as many seafood choices, beyond pakora, at Indian places as I do at Haveli. I have no idea how "authentic" it is, I just know it tastes pretty good.Bottom line: try it. Good for a group of 3 or 4 people.
Hm, where to start with this review. The ambiance was pretty good, but since the general atmosphere of the restaurant was a bit dark, I felt a little comatose after the meal. However, we were seated in the front of the restaurant for some reason. I actually preferred seating in the inside, since being seated near the window also entailed sudden bright flashes of light from the bathroom, which was disturbing.In terms of the food, we ordered the mardas chicken, chicken biryani and dildar curry lamb. The chicken for both the mardas and biryani was really dry and chunks were so big that it was really hard to chew. The chunks of lamb in the curry was better, but not as tender nor savory nor juicy as I preferred it. The spices in the mardas and curry were pretty good. I liked the mardas better - it has a spicier and more distinct flavor than the curry. The biryani on the other hand was bland and dry. I was really disappointed on that front. Also, just a note, the portions for the mardas and curry were pretty small. But they did make up by giving us a lot of dry rice that we couldn't finish.To me, however, the best part of this meal was the poori. Poori is a kind of roti (bread) that is fried and puffed. One simply pokes a hole in the top to let the steam out and then rip pieces off to eat. I had poori once before at another restaurant and it was delicious, but not as great as the poori here. Here, they separate it into 2 medium-sized portions, so that the thickness of the bottom of the poori could be reduced since it is required to hold less weight. This is something I actually want to just come here to get just so I can eat it at my dorm.And of course, we had to try the mango lassi (very yummy!) and they topped off our meal with mango ice cream (although after the mango lassi, it just tasted like regular vanilla ice cream).
"Grown-up Indian food in the East Vill"Although I adore the Raffish Restaurant Row of Indian Restaurants on Ave A, sometimes you just want better food, service and decor.  Like when you go on a date.  Ducking your head on the low ceilings, blinded by a billion christmas tree lights, bombarded by Bollywood tunes, BYOB, and paying only $12 for a complete 4 course meal only goes so far in impressing for the second date.  Maybe a better date on number 14.Haveli on the other hand, offers a really nice setting (tablecloths even) and solid Indian food.  The prices aren't all that bad either.   I also find that you can usually get a table quickly, yet isn't so empty that you feel you have a private dining experience that gets strangely uncomfortable.The food features the typical Indian favorites, Biryani, Tandoori, Saag Paneer, etc.  Departing from the prosaic, you also have some great seafood choices.  I had the Madras lamb which was quite good.Pros:  Very consistent, reliable experience and food.  Good East Village location.Cons: Service is good, but not great.  A little slow.Wine list: Really? Really?  This is Indian food after all.
We had three different curry dishes: goat, lamb, and chicken with spinach - all good.  The wait staff were friendly and attentive. The restaurant has a subdued, dimly lit atmosphere. It would make a good spot for a date, and from looking around it seemed there were quite a few couples present. Overall, the place had pretty "classy" feel to it that is not reflected in the price of the dishes, which were very reasonable.
Haveli would be a good place to take a picky eater for their first taste of Indian food.  For the record, that is not a compliment.  Haveli serves safe, rather bland food that left my party of 6 unsatisfied, poorer and already thinking about grabbing a slice of pizza later in the evening.  If you're going to serve blandness at least give me enough of it to feel satiated.My malai kofta was bland and barely recognizable as kofta.  It was remarkably similar to my girlfriends tikka masala.  The reshmi kebab was tough and tasted vaguely of charcoal but little else.  Two friends ordered madras which was at least a little spicy, but failed to deliver the full rich and complex flavors that you look for in Indian food.Not only did Haveli skimp on chicken and malai but there was barely enough rice to go around.  They provided as much rice to the table of 2 next to us.  We ended our tour of bland by exchanging awkward glances at one another as we all tried to figure out how to grab the last piece of naan without being rude.
Okay service, okay food. My biggest issue during the visit was the very small serving of rice for three people who had actually ordered entrées off of the menu. I was expecting us each to get our own individual serving of rice, but instead I had to ask for more and take my share very carefully from the tray as not to leave anyone with a smaller cut.The servings are plentiful (excluding rice, of course), but the food itself is just okay. And I mean it when I say this, but Haveli's daal doesn't stand a chance against my mothers! Hell, their food altogether doesn't. It was not flavored as well as it could have been. Hm, the prices are decent and I did enjoy the free desert in the end!
I recently visited this place with my girlfriend on a random choice while strolling down on 2nd Ave. The restaurant itself from the outside looks a little shabby, but the inside is pretty nice. High ceilings, dim lights.The food came out pretty good, and it was a little more then I expected to pay. Not too much, just for the value I paid, I could've found a better bang for a buck. The only thing that I can think of as a con, was our waiter kept hovering over our table insisting if we were ready to order within five minutes. Overall, it's a pretty nice 3-3.5 star restaurant.
I have gone to Haveli twice more since writing the original review. I believe both times I have ordered the same appetizers and entrees so all I can report on that is that the dishes are consistently amazing.Another consistent thing about this place is the impeccable service. Not only are the waiters unbelievably attentive, but they have also given myself and my dinner companions complimentary dishes, ranging from dessert to soup, two of the three times I was here (I believe they did so the third time but I am not sure). They also have a great selection of wine. All in all, I believe this is the best Indian restaurant that I have been to as of yet and I can't wait to come back for more. P.S.- they changed their website and now the address is correct, yay no more mistakes
Order the Xacuti @ Haveli!!! John H. used to live in the East Village and would always tell the Squab and I about how much he liked Haveli and how it is the best Indian restaurant in NYC. After he took us here back in Feb 2009, I would now have to agree with him.  The Xacuti (pronounced "chakooty") was superb.  It's a tender chicken dish that's cooked with coconut milk and is even better than Chicken Tika Masala. I also came here before that time with John, dice-K S., and another friend around Valentine's Day 2007.  It was four dudes, and Haveli brought us out heart shaped cookies for dessert.  Ah, such bromance.
Came here with one of my Indian friends and had a feast.  The food was good, but I'm not sure if it was above and beyond the other Indian spots in the area (though I'm not an Indian food expert at all) and it seemed to be a little more expensive compared to the places on 6th St.  And as always, I'm never thrilled when a place charges for naan, it should be included!
I've been here a few times over the past 5 years and this place has always been a favorite with superior Indian food at a good price.  The service has always been prompt and the host was always very kind in there greeting and seating, leaving off on an excellent introduction.  The dishes I distinctly remember here are the dosa and the chicken biryani, which both are very very tasty and well prepared.  I would recommend ordering these dishes. My water glass also seemed to be filled constantly so I was never thirsty!The service was very good, I would highly recommend this place for casual dates with significant others or friends, it's definitely a feasible place for both.  It is not very expensive and I have never gone over $15.00 for myself.
Delivery took over an hour, the food arrived cold and they got my order wrong.  When I called to complain they offered me a free nan with my next order.  No thanks, I think I'll pass on the whole experience next time, and so should you.
I so much want to be a raving fan of Haveli considering how exceptional the service was. We were offered free desert and digestive, which was extremely nice.The problem, for me, was how incredibly bland the meal was. The quality of the ingredients was clearly there, but I have never had Indian food that didn't at least leave me with a little sense of spice. There was nothing, no "oomph," no "kick."Maybe if I go back and specifically ask for spicy we'll get up to 4 stars.
I can't really say anything bad about Haveli, which is why it receives the coveted 5 stars. I went there last night with a bunch of family members, each with varying tastes (vegan, vegetarian, pescatarian, ultimate carnivore, traditionally picky eater) and ALL of us found something we absolutely loved. In fact, we loved it too much. I'm pretty sure I could have been rolled out of there on a cart. Dishes that could be found on our table included the vegetable pakora appetizer (YUMMM), vegetable and meat samosas, Murgha Tikka (boneless chicken marinated in herbs and spices, barbecued over charcoal), Tandoori Grill, Malai Kofta (mixed vegetable balls cooked in an onion and tomato sauce), Masala Dosa (crepe filled with potato, onion and nut stuffing), a HUGE bread basket assortment, a few mango lassis, some beers. It was a feast. If you don't eat meat I highly, highly recommend the malai kofta, masala dosa and veggie pakora appetizer. The staff was jovial and friendly, and, to be honest, I felt the price was very reasonable considering the amount of tasty food and good service we had. There were five of us there, a few who order drinks, with meals and apps it came to about $130. They also topped off the meal with mango ice cream. I didn't eat it, but I heard it was de-lish.
Haveli is a great restaurant that my whole family really enjoys. The food is delicious and the service has always been good - they're very accomodating which is appreciated as I'm vegan so ordering food can sometimes be tricky. The price is also reasonable for what you get. I'm looking forward to going back!
I like to bring out-of-towners here, 'cause they get the best of both worlds--amazing Indian food (try the vegetable pakora appetizer--it's practically meal-sized--and then hit up the saag paneer) and incredibly friendly, attentive waitstaff. And dessert on the house last time I went.Skip the uber-cheap (and sometime unidentifiable) restaurants in the area -- and I think you know exactly what I'm talking about -- and go here. You'll be in the nicest of nice food comas for possibly days on end.
Haveli-Banjara--they recently combined--is the BEST Indian restaurant in the city.  The food is at the delicious level of Tamarind at half the price.  And the service couldn't be more hospitable.  The owner and the lovely hostess make sure you get just the meal that you dreamed of--very hospitable and knowledgeable.  And they always give everyone a free dessert.  Can't recommend this place highly enough.
Really nice people, pleasant atmosphere, but hit-or-miss food.  The Masala Dosa was great - the thin crepe had nicely seasoned potatoes and onions.  The Baingan Bhurta was slightly mushy and not as flavorful as I would have liked.
This place was really good and the prices are really reasonable. Went with a couple friends and we all tried each other's dishes, they were all delish!
I love this place!   Their Chicken Tandoori is the best I've ever had (and I've had my share).... The owner Abhoo is so funny and makes sure the guests are taken care of... from a free appetizer to complimentary desert,  they make sure you have a pleasant dining experience. ... everything I've had so far tastes great and prepared well.   I definitely recommend this place.
I've been searching for some good Indian food for a bit. Usually the places around 2nd ave and 1st ave are super creepy, and I've had some not so great experiences, but Hevali was completely different. The staff was very friendly, not pushy at all and very nice and helpful. What I liked the most was that they did not have a guy outside that was trying to get people to come in. The decor and atmosphere was perfect, it looked like an upscale house. The food was moderately priced, I was actually surprised ant how cheap the meal for two people came out to be, I was expecting it to be a bit more expensive. The food was fantastic. My favorite foods are always the tandoori dishes. We had the chicken muslam (which is like the tikka masala), the lamb biryani, samosas and patato stuffed na'an. All the dishes were very flavorful, hot and fresh. As a person who has had some negative experiences with Indian food, I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
Although out-of-the-way, Haveli is certainly a treat.  The menu was diverse but stuck to the standard Indian fare.  The meal was well prepared and the service was certainly on par.  Even better was the very reasonable pricing for a tasty meal.  The atmosphere was relaxed and chic with an Indian flairWe went in relatively early on a Saturday and the restaurant was rather quiet, though the hostess squeezed us in between two other couples.  Apart from the "intimate" seating arrangement, Haveli is top notch.
I think this is one of the best Indian restaurants I have had in New York. The relaxing ambiance is coupled with their excellent polite service. Even if their food was mediocre, I would give them 5 stars just based on the service. But their food is not mediocre, it is excellent! I love eating here. Its almost therapeutic in a way. You will not regret it. Its a great place for a date or to come here with friends.
We were hungry after our drinking happy hour. This was the first Indian food that we come across.Curry lamb was good not too spicy .Nuns were hot and fresh made. Mango glace was a disaster not fresh made.Mango ice cream was yummy as dessert.Kinda pricey in this area, you will  find something cheaper further down.
Dark, candle-lit setting for those date nights. Second floor loft dining area option available. Friendly enough service. Food appeared better in quality than at other Indian venues around the block. Extras: hot towelettes for hand-wiping and complimentary mango ice cream for palate-cleansing, at check time.
I live on 6th street, so I've sample all of the Indian restaurants in this area, and the food at Haveli is by far some of the best! The reason I'm only giving it three stars is that my boyfriend and I usually go here late, around 11-11:30pm, and although they have no problem telling us they're still open, we've always felt rushed through our meal and quickly shepherded out. Very uncool. The servers stand around watching and seemed very resistant to giving us more of something (we ordered another appetizer.) It's disappointing, because their chicken tandoori is one of my favorites.
My face was on fire - and I loved it.  Had the vindaloo veggie-style and definitely need to balance the spice with the rice and the naan.  Garlic naan. Oh yeah.Decent service. Not overly friendly and forgot my friend's coke, but fairly attentive.
I have spent many years in India, and love their food.  Haveli  used to have the greatest Indian food ever.    Now, it is one of the most horrible places I have ever eaten at.  Who ever said that Haveli's food is great, obviously doesn't know Indian food.  It's by far the worst I have ever had.   The food is greasy, sour and could make you sick.  Do not go.
My favorite indian restaurant in the city. I usually get shaag panaar, malai kofta, vegetable samosas and paratha bread. All the dishes I have tried have been great, but the above mentioned are my favorites. The staff is attentive and very polite. I will continue to go to this restaurant for my Indian food needs.
Consistently great Indian food and great service.  I would give it 5 stars but the location and decor could use some improvement.  By far my favorite Indian food within a 50 mile radius.
Impressive Restaurant. Impressive Indian food.My sis works near Haveli and suggested this place to me several times. I got a coupon on nookout.com and took my little bro, who had never tasted Indian grub.I didn't know this was fancy schmancy Indian restaurant, so we went there totally underdressed, but our waiter welcomed us in like we were regulars.I got the chicken tandoori and my bro got the murgha tikka muslam. We also got some roti (one of the best things to eat on earth), which was soft, warm and delicious.We shared off each others plates and ate everything. The food was great. Not just good. Great. We didn't leave anything behind. Nothing. I also tried King Fisher beer (Indian beer) for the first time, which was surprisingly good. It was ice cold and went down easy. I've had a hard time finding this beer in delis though, but I'll keep looking.Anyway, definitely check this place out.
Yummy!  I think I found my favorite Indian place!  Because I wasn't disappointed.  Great dishes and I'm thinking about it again....and again.  Try the Lamb Tawa Kabob.  Definitely large enough for two....simple delish!  My main course was the Pasanda Chicken, a yogurt-based curry sauce.  It was AMAZING!  I'm going back soon and probably order the same exact thing, although I can tell everything is great. I ordered the bread basket, but didn't like the bread they included, so next time, I will order the ones I liked.  Yummy!  i think I found my favorite Indian restaurant....no need to try other for this gal!
Last order took over 2 hours to deliver and the food was cold. Maybe food taste good when you have it over there but i would recommend against ordering online especially when you have other places around
Perhaps the way to my heart is through free food, but regardless, my friend and I had a great meal here.  Complimentary papadam was provided.  My friend had some kind of chicken soup and a chicken entree.  He enjoyed both.  I had a dal dish that was very tasty, and large enough so that I have extra for lunch.  We were both given free mango lassis during the meal, which was a nice surprise.  We were also given a big bowl of rice.  Even though we didn't request dessert, some mango ice cream was brought out to us, free of charge.  Everyone was super friendly and efficient.  Very recommended!
Nice folks. Classy atmosphere. More importantly great food. Authentic taste that's just like home cooked Pakistani or Indian dishes. Owner stopped by with complimentary dessert (it wasn't busy at that time). Definitely give it a try!
Always a pleasure to go there for dinner. They have a great selection of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes, both spicy and sweet. We enjoyed their service also.
Went there for an Indian Engagement party: presenting of the rings.Beautifully done. They were accommodating and very friendly. They kept a few non party people seated for meals on their outdoor seating as the party went from 1pm to 6pm.  Everyone milled about for pictures and the waiters just managed to squeeze by everyone.Food was well presented and tasted great. Halal!!! That is always a plus.Decor was simple and I always prefer a little bit more simple to a little bit more complicated. There are two levels to this restaurant and the first floor dropped down a few steps. That isn't so wheelchair friendly, but if you had a difficulty with walking, I guess you can stay on the first level before the drop down. They had two unisex bathrooms and that was it. That can get quite complicated with large parties.
Some of my earliest memories involve family F train expeditions (generally weekly) to the East Village to visit my Aunt and Uncle.  I consider myself lucky to have started my culinary education in the neighborhood as it offered a million options from all over the world. Of the restaurants that we visited Haveli probably had the biggest impact on me. I had been interested in other cultures since the ripe old age of 3 and from that point on Haveli felt like traveling to a different country. I was fascinated by the ornate tapestries that adorned the walls, and the hostess who always wore a sari. The Indian/South Asian music playing would always instill a kind of excitement in me and I'd pretend that I was a rich Indian girl dining on the finest food my land had to offer. While my imagination isn't as powerful, and I can no longer rely on my father's lap when the dim lights tire me, the experience is just as satisfying. The servers that would present surprise Shirley Temples to me still recognize me and treat me with the same kindness. The food is just as consistent. The tikka masala and the rogan josh are always satisfying, and the samosas and bhujia are a wonderful start to the meal. If you have a sweet tooth or children who are not so adventurous (for a long time my sister was this way) you can opt for the banana pakora. They're delightful balls of fried dough with banana inside. I've been to many Indian restaurants both abroad (this one, like many in the area, is run by Bangladeshis) and in the area, but I have never found one with such wonderful service and consistent dishes.
The food here is great.  They start off by bring you bread with three sauces that are all tasty.  A good blend of sweet, spicy and sour between them all.  I had the palak ka soup, a indian spinach soup that was very good.  My party ordered family style and split a few dinners and most were good.  The only sub par dish was the lamb that was a little more gamy than I like.The atsomophere of the place is a cut above the typical indian restaunt. Good lighting and nice vibe with mostly candlelight.  Its a good date place (maybe not a first date but I'm not sure I would recommend that of all Indian places) as it's east to talk and great mood. Service is on point and very attentive borderline obsessive.  If they touched my beer bottle one more time to see if it was empty I would have had to file a molestation charges.
Came for dinner on a Wednesday night. Very few people in this big restaurant so instead of romantic it was a little awkward since everyone could here everyone else's convos. Nevertheless, the service was very attentive, the dipping sauces that came with the complimentary Dal Papri were delicious. I ordered the chicken tikka masala. It was delicious but very mild. If you want spice, make sure to ask for it. My date got the lamb biryani and liked it but thought it was a little dry.  The complimentary mango ice cream was yummy. Also, the portions here are perfect - you don't leave feeling like you've over-eaten. This is my new neighborhood joint and I will definitely be back!
We ve  been in this restaurant after a a quick request on YELP. It was a really good diner with a nice "carte" good foods, good service. The main frontage is not so nice at night but you should push the door, the inside is quit nice and cosy
I'd walked by this restaurant for years living in NYC but never gone in.  I'm glad I finally did.  The atmosphere at Haveli is warm and relaxed.  It's a good restaurant for a date but I'd also be happy to bring a visiting family member here to relax and have some solid Indian food.  The staff was very nice.  The food was good and not expensively priced.  I was satisfied and wouldn't hesitate to go back.
My friend LOVES this place.  He finally convinced me to eat here by paying for my food.  Yessss.We ordered the samosas (decent, but nothing special, they were actually kind of soggy), chicken tikka masala (really yummy!  even though they used white meat, it was tender, and the sauce was had a nice tangy zest without being too creamy), potatoes/peas/cauliflower (I forgot the Indian name for this dish, but it was quite good), and a dish off the menu: lamb xacoti.  Xacoti is liquid crack.  It's creamyish (but not grossly so), packed with flavor, and yum yum yum.  I just tried to google it to provide a better description but nothing came up, which makes me think that it's not spelled xacoti.  Anyways, if you want to ask for it, ask for "za-koh-tee."   With the basket of breads (four kinds of bread) and the rice that came with the dishes, the four of us had PLENTY of food.Okay, it's xacuti.  It has coconut and chillies!!!  Delicious!!!
The first time I came here, I had a restaurant.com coupon; we got lucky because it was before April 15, 09, the day they stopped accepting all those coupons (they plastered signs on each bathroom stall to ensure we understand). The restaurant gets full at nights, so I guess it's doing well enough not to need to lure people in.The food presentation and wait staff are in touch with their culture, and I felt it was more authentic than some other Indian restaurants. The entrees can be shared among the whole group. The shaag paneer was really good. The lamb vindaloo was as spicy as the menu warns. The mango lassi is expensive, but worth a try. Sorbet desserts are ok, but skippable because they're pricy and not that smooth.
Considering how far away I live, I still try to make it down to Haveli a few times a year. Certainly my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC for the past few years. Comfortable, upscale ambiance; terrific for dates and conversation. The menu always satisfies (I'm a big fan of the Kashmiri style dishes and can nom on biriyani indefinitely...) and the service is always attentive to the point of doting. A very worthwhile addition to your down-town dining list.
3 Reasons why Haveli is awesome and will see Adjoa again:1) Service was great; people were very friendly2) Atmosphere/ambiance was a bit fancier than I anticipated, but comfortable, nonetheless3) Food was hella good; good enough to feel okay about the prices (which weren't too bad for what I've seen of NY standards). Got the chicken biryani (loved the dried apricots in it), meat samosas (a bit smaller than I'm used to, but good), and naan. I can't remember what my friend got, but she renewed her membership of the clean plate club, so I take it she liked it.Conclusion: Muy bien. I heart it. Happy to find a pretty nice replacement for my staple restaurant in Chicago (Indian Garden).
Sadly, this restaurant disappointed. The reviews were pretty positive, but the food was sub-par (one dish had canned mushrooms in it!) and the service was eerily attentive. A server will come to your table and linger for several minutes. It's very awkward. All in all, it's ok, but there must be much, much better Indian restaurants in Manhattan!
It's decent Indian food. Decor and ambiance are beautiful. Food is nothing spectacular, nonetheless well made. I wouldn't travel out of my way to dine here, but if I'm in the area, and I want Indian, and I want a nice sit down meal, I'll come here. Nice date place, good for groups as well.
Really bad service, to the point where I should have just left. Pretty bland for Indian food.
Consistently good food, and nicer atmosphere than most Indian in the 'hood. Even brought some business colleagues here who wouldn't think about going below 14th St.! (and they loved it).Hard to resist the Tikka Masala, any of the Biriyani, and the Naan and Poori breads are delicious.Highly recommend!
In this area of Manhattan, Indian food is plentiful in a Malcolm Gladwell, Tipping Point-ian way.  Had dinner here with my roommate and our boyfriends last friday, and I was very happy with it.The service was wonderful.  We arrived slightly staggered, and slightly late for our reservation.  The host was incredibly polite, acted as though we were his personal guests, and insisted on seating us despite our party not being complete (the guys were running late).The service was incredibly attentive (maybe a bit over-attentive) but the suggestions were terrific.  Poori Bhajee and Vegetable Samosas for appetizers (two of each were plenty for the four of us) were delicious.  My Rogan Josh, one of my favorite indian dishes, was the best I've had in the city.  The basket of bread our server recommended was wonderful as well - the Alu Paratha (write that down, you will want to order it) was reason alone for writing this review (bread filled with potatoes?  could it get better?).To top it all off, our server brought us mango ice cream, which wasn't the most wonderful indian ice cream I've had, but was a sweet gesture.  I will come back to this place for sure.
The saag paneer was the BEST I've ever had. I wanted to lick the plate. Then I wanted to lick what was left on my boyfriend's plate. The service was excellent.
Ah yes, good old Haveli. I could write volumes about my Haveli experience, but I won't. I went for my girlfriends birthday along with some of her friends from Rutgers and family members. First, the address on the website was incorrect which we noticed as we arrived at the wrong location to find that the address doesn't exactly exist. We got into a cab where the cabbie told us that he couldn't take us to the given address because it didn't exist. We then got a call with the correct address. Naturally we arrived late, but they were super nice about it. The rest of our party was arrived much later to which they were also super nice about. A classy place in terms of atmosphere, lighting, staff, and the other patrons. I had a potato appetizer along with a veggie samosa. For the entree I had Panir Makhani which was delicious. I also indulged myself with a Taj Mahal, an indian beer. It was okay, I'm not much of a beer fan. They gave us free ice cream for desert. I think we all had fun and enjoyed our food. I hope to return soon.
Though I think the waiter was laughing at me and my friends for ordering what the menu called "the drink to celebrate life," it was entirely delicious and entirely worth whatever shame i brought upon myself.the food here is fairly standard but absolutely passable.  i had the goat rogangosh, which i can heartily recommend.  The samosas were were a little too greasy for my taste.  The very nice (but not particularly inventive) decor and great service made this place four stars though - All staff was attentive without being bothersome, and genuinely warm and kind, even though we were clearly keeping them open later than they'd like to be on friday night.
When Banjara closed (I believe it was due to a mega rent increase), I was so happy to discover that they owned another restaurant right in the neighborhood--Haveli! Actually has a little more selection on their menu than Banjara did, and I love it. My best friend is Indian and it's one of only two Indian restaurants she'll choose to go to for special occasions in NYC! Sometimes the service is a little slow, but it's a great, relaxed atmosphere. The managers/owners are really wonderful and make sure to remember even semi-regular customers.
I don't think this place deserves the hype it got. I liked it. The food was good, the interior was nice, and the service was attentive. However, I've had better food, similar service, and a nicer interior at those hole in the walls around the corner on 6th St. A good choice if you're looking for something affordable but more upscale than the neighboring indian joints. Enough room for guests and a calming atmosphere would make this a good "meet your girlfriend's family" restaurant.
Really enjoyed the meal. Wish I could give 3 1/2 stars. Lamb shaag curry was done really well. Price is right for the area and the complimentary mango ice cream was a nice touch. No complaints; just not entirely memorable enough to rank among my favorites.
I love the tandoori chicken and naan here. Overall solid food at a good price.The staff is very friendly.
NEW TERRIBLE COOK and WEIRD STAFF - I have been going there for years and wandered in the other night (after having happily been to a party there a few weeks ago).  I immediately noticed the rude way the staff was interacting with each other and asked if it was a new staff and cook and they bold faced lied about it.  Then the FOOD WAS AWFUL as if throwing a bunch of Indian spices on mediocre at best food (the shrimp was very old) would make it eatable.  I am so sorry the old crew is gone as I frequently felt the calling to eat there and get a taste of my regular favorite dishes!
The main notable thing about this place was the complimentary mango ice cream. This I would come back for.  Everything else we ordered was the worst I have EVER had in my life.  The naan tasted like someone dropped the sugar bowl in it.  The chicken curry dish I had was barely patable, and what my friends had was nothing to write home about either.  I've been to many Indian Restaurants around the world and this is the only one that did not make the cut.
The food here was pretty good, no complaints! I had the shrimp biryani and the "rogan josh" (which is lamb curry). It came with rice, naan and dal. I liked the biryani the best which tasted really good with the gravy from the "rogan josh". The service was decent and outdoor seating is available.
I'm no expert on Indian food, but this was the best I've had. Top-notch service, excellent food, good ambiance - Haveli has it all.
I usually go to Madras Mahal when I am in NYC, but since this time around I was playing tour guide to my friend who is an omnivore, I needed to go somewhere else. After looking at Yelp reviews and knowing that we didn't want to wander too far from our dessert meet-up with friends, we decided on Haveli.I really liked the atmosphere -- it was neither plain nor garish, which was a plus. Also a plus was the very attentive service. I had the dosai, but should have known to order something else, as there were only two dosai (dosi? dosais?) on the menu. I tried my friend's dish (she ended up ordering a veggie dish -- go figure!) and it was tastier than mine. I'm willing to give this place another try when I'm back in a few weeks, but will definitely order something different.
I came in here with a reservation for 8 on a busy night and four dropped out. The staff graciously modified our table to seat 4 and was very responsive in serving us. They had every right to be annoyed at us, especially since we didn't order that much even for a group of four, but they even ended the meal with ice cream on the house. The food itself was pretty good and well priced. I had the goat, and not having had goat before, I thought it tasted like slightly more tender lamb, with a great sauce to go with it.The decor is a little dark but the ambiance is nice, with a relatively low level of noise given that the restaurant can accommodate both couples and large groups.
