My favourite is sour and spicy noodle taste so yummy! So fast (delivery and eating in restaurant) and cheap too.Dumplings and meat buns are really good too. The special noodle, beef noodle are good too. Also like the tomato egg noodle for non spicy.Duck is good too
This place is a hidden gem for authentic Chinese noodle dishes! I was in town and luckily pulled up Yelp before heading out of Hell's Kitchen and found this place listed nearby. The place is run by very nice Chinese people, and they put a lot of love and care into what they make. Service was fantastic. The restaurant itself is very small but well kept and clean. The menu consists of 2 sides of various noodle dishes. The food itself was excellent. They recommended the mala noodles and boy were they spot on!! The broth was spicy (per the name) yet very flavorful.  I probably looked ridiculous as I was gulping down the noodles and broth while sweating from the spice. There was plenty of noodles, chunks of flavorful beef, and bok choy. Everything was super fresh and you can tell it was home made. It was so good that I wanted to try out some of their other stuff so I ordered there leek dumplings to go.  They were perfect little pockets of leeky goodness! Nom nom nom...I highly recommend this to anyone looking for some authentic Chinese soup noodles ... this will hit the spot.
Excellent chong qing noodle!Excellent soup!Excellent beef.My favorite Chinese  noodle in New York!
Totally legit noodle house without pretense and a lot of great food. I had the ground pork with pickled mustard greens and it was phenomenal! Great fresh broth and spices, herbs.Very local, and 90% of the clientele is Asian, which may not mean much, I guess, other than people who know great homeschool cooking seek it out. This is very much it. There is no name of the place on the winter vestibule but the address is on the door to the right of their entrance. A MUST GO for the noodle junkies, and will turn you into one if you take the plunge!
Fast delivery but food looked better than it tasted to us... we just miss Flushing food I guess and hyped ourselves up for this place which resulted in a bigger disappoint =/
From a Chinese friend- dumplings tasted frozen and he could have made better.  (And he can!). The noodles also tasted packaged, broth salty and very little meat.  Don't get the 4**** reviews.
Food is very flavorful.  I ordered the noodle soup with pork.  The soup was delicious.  It was a little bit hot with fragrance of some herbs.  Portion of the noodles was big.  The noodle was chewy.  I wish there were more vegetable in the soup.Though the store is small, the decoration is interesting.They even provide food delivery services.Unlike some Chinese restaurants that only accept cash, credit cards are welcome here.
Their food is unflavored.The boss couples are very mean. When we arrived there, the man boss was fighting with the customers. When I ordered the food, the woman boss is very cold, act as everybody owes her money. No service. I think they just want to earn money from first time customres. I am sure nobody wants to go back to that restaurant.
Ugh YES. This is the type of noodles I crave and crave and crave.Mala Noodles and Homemade Beef Noodles were both hits! They tasted very authentic and just the right amount of spicy.Bonus, the food wasn't salty like some places that leave you wanting to drink the whole Atlantic Ocean post consumption. I'll definitely be back :)
First of all, the food was amazing. The most authentic Chinese noodle soup I've had in the states--I truly loved what I had.I was in a rush but the restaurant was good with it. I got my food within 5 minutes of getting there and only spent 20 minutes waiting, eating and paying. Reasonable price and nice, clean place to eat. Loved it. One of the best dining experiences I've had in NY.
As someone who came from a Sichuan family, I set my own expectations too high for this place. My friend recommended a SF restaurant with the same name, which turned out not to be affiliated with this place. The decor is intimate and a better than the average take out place. We enjoyed the potstickers even though they were on the oily side. We also ordered the House Xiao Mian with minced meat and the Spicy noodle with intestine. The former is pretty ordinary particularly because the oily soup did not seem to infuse the noodles like authentic Sichuan dishes typically do. They did replace the order when they forgot to give us hand cut noodles (which is definitely better than regular noodles). The intestine noodle is an adventure. There is a layer of chili oil floating on the surface and did not mix well with the soup base. I like the adventurous menu; but it's too spicy and not in an authentic way. I would be interested to try their non-spicy choices like beef noodle soup.
It's kind of funny to me that you have to wait 40 minutes for Totto ramen a block away on a Sunday night while Chong Qing Xiao Mian is almost empty. Satisfaction-wise, you will just as much joy from Chong Qing Xiao mian as you will get from Totto ramen, if not more.Steamed buns (5/5) - IMO these are better than the noodles. The juicy meaty filling will explode in your mouth like an umami bomb.Spicy Special Streaky Pork Noodle (3.5/5) - This isn't too spicy, but you will feel it. The soup has a bit of acidity in it which kind of reminds me of boat noodle from Thailand. They give you a generous portion of meat an noodles so you definitely won't feel hungry afterwards. Will come back to try their dry noodles.
Had some great noodles here. I was at an all day event nearby, and only had about an hour for lunch. I chose this place based on some favorable Yelp reviews, and was not disappointed. A number of reviews recommended the Dry Hot Noodles, and I went with these as I was in the mood for something spicy but was not that interested in soup.I ordered my Dry Hot Noodles with "peel" noodles, one of your two options. The peel noodles are wide, flat wheat noodles, while the "facet" noodles are a thin noodle (not sure if rice or wheat). The Dry Hot Noodle preparation is a fun take on a more standard szechuan hot noodle, which benefits greatly from a good spice profile and generous addition of crunchy vegetables, including red cabbage, carrot, and something else (maybe bamboo?). A generous sprinkle of cilantro also adds to the complexity, making for a noodle dish with much more going on than just spiciness.My two dining companions had the beef viscera noodle soup, which they said had a good level of spice, and a nice ratio of broth and solid ingredients.Looking forward to coming back to try some soups!
Food - Pretty Good. Soup was spicy, and noodles were yummy. Service - Woman who was serving us came back 5 times within 4mins of us entering the restaurant to ask what we were ordering. Additionally, we saw the 20% off promotion in the front of the store, and when the bill came and we asked about it - she abruptly said that it ended yesterday and refused to honor the as advertised promotion in the front. Miiiiight revisit for delivery/to-go, but definitely not dine-in.
The mala noodles are pretty good, particularly for being so far from the main chinese food drags of the city. It's not very ma (numbing) or very la (spicy) but it's enough of both to be worth hitting up if you want noodles and don't feel like going south or really far east (I mean flushing, not china).
Just so-so, very salty soup base. noodle was chewy but the topping was so little. I ordered the beef tripe noodle, the tripe was soggy and overly done. As reported by other yelpers, the woman did not acknowledge my promotion offer either. I had an online offer, it clearly states "present this coupon and receive 20% off", she came up with all kinds of excuses and asked me to share on social media to receive discount. I don't care that much about saving two bucks and I definitely didn't go through that hassle for something so mediocre, but hearing all the excuses was unpleasant. The soup was so salty with MSG, it gave me a heartburn for the rest of the evening.
Mediocre at the best. Their "peeled noodles" are not freshly peeled in house, but mass-produced by machines (they probably didn't make themselves). That hardly qualifies as THE Peeled Noodles as local Chinese would expect. Soup base for the chongqing noodle is...probably a lot of MSG. For those who aren't familiar with their namesake "chongqing xiaomian", these are chongqing locals' favorite street noodles consumed mostly as quick lunches or late night snacks. They are cheap, delish slurp-and-go kind of goodies. Even the best bowl of xiaomian with hand made noodles and fresh ingredients don't sell for over $1-2 (USD equivalent) in China. That left you amazed at this restaurant's audacity to charge 10 dollars for something significantly more inferior. To the resy: don't bear yourself with the name unless you're committed to live up to the expectation. Nevertheless I'd love to see you guys improve. If that happens, do let me know and I'd love to revisit and potentially update my review.
Very tasty and authentic Chinese noodles!  It's very Authentic took my back to Shanghai  Beijing !!
I heavily appreciate good Chinese food, as being Chinese and having a mother who can cook up whole flurries of quality, delicious Chinese food makes it hard for any Chinese restaurant to impress me without excess MSG or salt/oil! This noodle shop though, I was very impressed with how they made a traditionally oily and spicy noodle soup not taste too oily - myself and a couple of friends walked in on a breezy spring day a couple weeks ago, around 2 PM on a Wednesday and were seated immediately. The space is small, but they definitely make use of their space! There was only one other party of two in the restaurant, but they didn't dote on us excessively which I appreciated. My friend and her boyfriend had been there before, so she ordered for all of us - the classic ground beef noodle soup. I ordered the medium heat one, and boy was it good! The savoriness of the marinated, sautéed beef paired perfectly with the flavorful beef broth, and the bok choy brought a pop of color to the otherwise dark bowl. The noodles weren't too soggy, and we happily slurped away over quiet conversation. Service was attentive, our waters were always filled before they reached half empty, and the check came quickly. Very fair prices for Midtown/Hell's Kitchen ($9.95 plus tax for a solid portion). It's so close to my school, I know I'll definitely be back!
Encouraged by positive reviews I had lunch here Sunday. I got sick from their food the Sunday night into Monday. Still sick Tuesday evening Noodles were ok, service was below par, pretty rude staff. Save your money and stomach, stay away!
**Updated review on 12/7/16As of today, I think my coworker and I had 6 orders in total, all via online order  delivery. The food entitles to 4.5; we find it better to add some soup from the Mala noodle to my dry noodle XD. service is about 4? Delivery time varies, about 10-35 mins. Price is acceptable especially when there are 10% or 20% off available.**Original review 26 days prior to 12/7/16Great taste and super quick delivery! I ordered cowpea noodle on their website with 10% off promotion. I am about 0.4 miles away. It took about 15 mins to receive my order..I am surprised! I requested less spicy - the level of spicy is acceptable :D Portion is decent. Will try other items next time!
Great food, dumpling appetizer is delicious and well worth the buyGotten the spicy mala soup (thin noodle) and mustard green/pork soup (thick noodle) - both very good and packed well for to-go ordersWill definitely go again - perfect quick neighborhood spot to go to
This is a gem in the neighborhood! The authentic taste of some very popular noodles makes me feel at home.  Personal favorite is mala noodle soup. Yum! The price point awesome too, my mala cost about 9 and the portion is pretty generous, you won't leave hungry. Warning: if you can't take the heat, remember to order it mild, their spice game is no joke!
Pretty good.. especially love their chilly oil..but the portion of the spiced appetizers is too small lol..pretty fast for delivery..new favorite place for delivery
Love this It's my first time to try noodle here, people are nice and the food is delicious. Will come again.
Have not posted a real review in a long time, but I am now because of the reviews two uncultured peons left for this business. For potential patrons: NO, this is not a restaurant that just "serves a bowl of spaghetti and grease". They also DO NOT serve "soup dumplings" aka Xiao Long Bao. It is not the restaurants fault you assumed (based on pictures) that Steamed Pork Buns was soup dumplings... I'm not even sure how you can mix that up, well I do since this said patron suggested Mee Noodle Shop (an Americanized 'fast food' Chinese joint) would be better than this joint. They have pretty good noodle soups. I've been here around 8 times now and have tried the Mala Noodle, Beef Noodle Soup, Aromatic Intestine Soup, Chonqian Cold Noodles, Hot Dry Noodles, Beef Viscera noodles. All these options are pretty good. Mala Noodles, Hot Dry Noodles, and Beef Noodle Soup being my favorites. The dishes are spicy, but not too spicy or numb your face spicy. They do use a fair amount of ginger, so if you don't like ginger definitely mention it.  P.S. - Take out friendly if you can't sit and eat. Usually ready in 10 - 15 minutes.
Must try!I am impressed by their quality. It is a good place for a quick noodle. There are not much choice on the menu, but you won't be regret by anyone. The noodle is very flavorful. The price is also reasonable. One suggestion: maybe they can offer different spicy levels for each dish.
The noodles were pretty good, spicy and flavorful. Food: small menu of noodles, dumplings, and drinks. I had the mild Mala Noodles and they were very tasty. It's a spicy soup noodle with ground pork and spices, bok chou, and a healthy dose off cilantro. This was $9.75, so moderately priced. I'll have to go back to try the others. The menu has 15 noodles. The staff said their specialties include mala noodle, homemade beef noodle, and chongqing cold noodle. 11 of the 15 have the "hot  spicy" icons. The menu has 3 dumplings on the menu: steamed mini bun, and fried and steamed dumplings. Service:  the servers were very nice. The server that helped us did not have very strong English though -- but this made us think the food might be better. They also gave us a 20% off discount, so that was pleasant. Space: small, new hole in the wall. The space is very new an -- walls freshly painted. Light decor of some Chinese pieces. The restaurant seats about 20, all two- or four-person tables.
Mystified with all the good reviews. The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) were basically 4 dry meat buns (no soup, thick skin, barely steamed, nothing like the 5 in their picture). The clear broth noodles had about two pieces of bok choy in it, and while soup base was not bad and noodles were well cooked, I wasn't sure why I was paying $8.50 for something you could make at home.So word to the wise, if you are looking for something not too spicy, or need vegetarian options, or want soup dumplings with actual soup in it (Shanghai-style), proceed with caution. For the spice lovers, I defer you to the other reviews.They lost me with their false advertising, and as much as I was so excited to have what looked like an authentic Chinese noodle place in Hell's Kitchen, I'm disappointed. For the same price, I'd much rather go to noodies, terawaka, or hell, even mee across the street. When you've got this much competition, you've got to be on your game with everything, not just the spicy stuff.
The food is ok. I specifically came for ramen and recommendations, which I got completely opposite of what I was looking for. Their stuff need to listen to customer needs not sell what they want to sell. Not coming back considering there are so many ramen places around.
If it is just about Chinese noodles, it is not that bad. I am from Chongqing and I am telling you that the noodles are nowhere near the authentic Chong qing Xiao Mian. It is just terrible.
Such a little gem. It's a great place for a quick bowl of Ramen and some tasty apps. Although it's inexpensive it's not your usual Chinese dive. The room was tastefully decorated and was a place to which you come on a date. No booze served. Very small menu, maybe 10 different soups to chose from, with two types of noodles- thin or fat.What I ordered:Fried Dumplings. Cooked to perfection with the most flavorful minced porkStreaky pork with bok choy in an amazing spicy broth with wide hand made noodles. Finished every drop.Hint: ask for the house chili oil.
Delicious noodles for a good price! I'm still dreaming about my delicious lunch there today- i tried the Aromatic Intestines noodle soup (AMAZING name and AMAZING flavor!) My noodles were topped with a healthy portion of chewy and flavorful beef intestines, bok choy and cilantro. The soup had just right amount of kick to it, and really brought all the flavors together.I really can't wait to come back again- check it out while they still have the 20% off grand opening special.
Stay away from this place!My friend and I had noodles here last night. We got both food poisoned afterwards and feel really sick. I talked with other friends and realized that some of them had similar experience before. One of them got food poisoned twice at this place. For your health, do NOT dine here!!
Absolutely amazing place, everyone should come. My favorite noodles are ma la noodle and the dry hot noodle. I was so surprised how good it was. So cheap and I love the workers here, so nice and genuine they are helpful the menu and so sweet. I really hope they do well so I can keep coming here!! I've been here 2 times already and can't wait to come back.
Greasy clown smile.Having had Chinese in NY, HK, Taiwan, etc., there is a clear difference between good Chinese food and bad, lazy and gastrointestinally (is that a word?) dangerous Chinese food.  This is the latter (bad and lazy and dangerous).Ordered the sour minced pork noodles.  Good pork, good bok choy, OK noodles, couldn't taste anything though, b/c they achieved "spicy" by dumping enough hot oil in to form an oil slick.  It was very difficult to eat, and when I wiped my mouth... a happy, greasy orange smile remained on the napkin.There are two problems with dumping oil in to achieve "flavor".  One, it's awfully hard on your stomach and frankly, it was.  Two, it isn't cooking.  Folks who can't be bothered to cook or develop flavor...Can't recommend to anyone.
This restaurant is terrible. I really don't know why it is 4 stars. The bun is definitely from Chinese supermarket(5 dollars could buy 50 the same one) and charged with high price 4 for 8 dollars. The noodles also are from Chinese market.  The dish tastes like overnight food. After 30 minutes eating, I got sick and want to vomit so badly. Worst Chinese food ever in NYC.
Not very good. Expensive for what it is. I can't believe they charged $2 for an extra 3 pieces of baby bok choy. Soup is greasy and meh flavor.Service was brusque and English by the waitstaff was very limited. There are tons of better options for noodles around town.
As a Chongqing native, I feel their noodle w. intestines is pretty legit. It's not THAT hot, but the noodles are just the right texture and the intestines are both tasty  plentiful. Limited menu choices but I feel like that's a good thing. Food came very quickly, service good, will be back.
Another ridiculously good place amongst all other ridiculously good places in the City.. we tried cold spicy noodles and Mala pork ramen.. both came out mouth watering, more like mouth numbing (in a good way) and nose watering.. :D .. spicy deliciousnesses !! Service was great, no negatives whatsoever..
Flavorful noodle soups!Had the mala pork soup  was seasoned well. Hit the spot  warned me up on a cold night.Good portion size  reasonably priced!Came during grand opening special and had tried the duck soup with my son. He liked it!Would come again!
Came here before a show at Lincoln Center and enjoyed the warmth from the bowl of beef noodle soup. The knife cut noodle had the right amount of bounce to it, but the beef had a lot of gristle  most pieces ended up being inedible.  Next time, I'll try the mala style... though why kid.. i'm really in it for the noodles
Love the noodle soup here. I came in last week with a friend who suggested this place. Being in Hell's Kitchen, I didn't have high expectations but I am always down to try noodle soup (which I consider to be one of my favorite foods). I got the Tomato Noodle Soup with the peel noodles. It was delicious and flavorful, it really hit my craving. Food came out super fast, so a good spot to check out if you are in hurry. The only downside to the soup was that it was a little too salty, but was yummy nonetheless. I also wished they had more vegetarian options, perhaps vegetable dumplings? Overall, would not hesitate to come here again!
Quality noodles - I'd say one of the best Chinese noodle places in nyc. Service is great, you can ask for non-spicy broth at first or spicy sauce on the side if you're not sure you can take the spiciness. Noodles are delicious and flavorful.Would recommend.
Caused serious diarrhea for three of us starting that night. The next day was totally ruined.
The food is delicious, it's a pretty new place and I was very impressed by the quality. They have a fairly small menu and are definitely not Americanized (as other reviews have mentioned). Even compared to other Sichuan restaurants in the city I'd say they're a bit different. The main soups they serve are ones that I haven't seen on other Sichuan menus - the one I tried (their top one on the menu) was really great. They capture the "mala" taste very well in their soups, perfect amount of that numbing/tingling sensation but not too much. It's pretty inexpensive and has some nice seating inside. Would definitely recommend - it's a worthy addition to the neighborhood.
PERFECT BOWL OF SOUP FOR A COLD CRISP DAY!To qualify: I was born here in NY and lived in Beijing and Hong Kong for 2 years.  Currently I live in San Francisco.  This place reminds me of my days in Beijing where noodle-soup places like Chong Qing are found in just about every block.  Their mala noodles (ground pork, scallions, and bok choy in a thick tomato based soup) is a mainstay/classic there  The difference here, of course, is that the quality of meat is better.  All-in-all, Chong Qing is a welcomed soup restaurant to this neighborhood.  Here are my reasons:-  The noodles were not over-cooked, just right, leaning a bit toward al dente (the way Americans have become accustomed to, thanks to our Italian American heritage).-  The broth was perfect.  Not too hot/spicy, not too mild.  When comparing the spice level to other dishes I've had (from Thai to Mexico), the spice level here is just right for me, very doable without creating a hole in my throat.  I had asked the waitress if they offered a less spicy mala noodle dish, and she informed me that they did not.  However, she would let the cook know.  There are other non-spicy soups here (clear soup and chicken), but not one with ground pork (again, classic in Beijing).  Finally, connected to the broth is the oil component in the broth.  I too felt that the balance of the oil was nice here.  In Beijing (and also in San Francisco's Chinatown, where I live), these types of soups have much more oil that by the time you finish the bowl, your stomach feels a bit sick.  (In fact, in China, many actually just eat the noodles and meat and only some of the soup . . . leaving a third of the broth behind!)  I felt there was a good balance here, with the oil not overpowering the dish.-  And speaking of the waitress, she was very friendly and eager for my opinions, given that they are relatively new.  -  While I no longer live in NYC, I would definitely come back to this place the next time I find myself in this neighborhood!
This place is a godsend for those of us in midtown who sometimes find ourselves hungover AF at work, or have offices like mine that keep the thermostat set to same temperature as my cold, dead heart.The prices are obviously steeper than you'll find in Chinatown or Flushing but delivery is super fast for the midtown lunch rush and it's one of the better noodle joints for the area.You can choose between thin noodles or thick peeled noodles, and they come nicely packed in a separate container from the broth.The MaLa noodles have a wonderfully radioactive-looking and greasy chili, oil soup base that hurts so good. If you're not feeling like something spicy, the clear noodle soup is nice, simple, and clean-tasting option.Looking forward to checking out their dumplings next time!
I went there because of all the 5 star reviews, but it was an disappointment. I thought it was handmade noodles, but it's not. But it was probably my fault I assumed it will be as authentic as the ones they have in China or Flushing. I ordered cold noodles and fried dumplings for lunch. The dumplings were ok, the cold noodles was a complete let down, it's plain flat noodles with some veggies in spicy sesame dressing. It's under seasoned, I really can't justify why I paid $10.25 for that. With tax and tips the total came out to $22, I rather go somewhere else. If they want to bring the authentic Chingqing noodles to Hell's Kitchen, please do it the right way!
Great spot for a bowl of spicy noodle soup. The interior is small but nicely clean.  Service attentive and friendly. The noodle soup was plenty generous in terms of portion size for the price. I'll definitely be back to sample more of the menu.
Simply the best spicy noodle soup I have had so far in Manhattan...had the pork noodle soup. The broth was amazing! Spicy, great flavors, cilantro, baby bok choy,scallions, lots of pork and noodles. The fried dumpling appetizer was superb. The young lady who served us was very helpful in recommendations and explaining the menu. Very affordable too! Portions are HUGE! New spot for noodles in Hell's Kitchen fo sho!!
Very authentic, very delicious. Way better than the ramen nearby. Come here , Instead of waiting in front of totto ramen for hours.
I think their noodle is fine but overpriced. And the service was definitely under average. Apparently they are extremely impatient with customers and don't give a damn care about dinning area hygiene. Best of luck
So so glad that there are more legit Chinese foods coming to NYC. The two dishes I like most here are the Mala Moodle and the Homemade Beef noodle. Likes at Chongqing soups, both of the Mala spicy taste and are both super rich broths. The difference between the two is that there's more beef in the homemade beef noodle and the broth is richer because it's boiled with the beef bone and meat. The noodles are $9.25 and $11.25 respectively, before tax and tip. But I think for this quality of meat and broth, that it's totally worth it
Great place to stop by for casual dinner on a cold Monday night!  We were looking for an alternative noodle experience to nearby Totto / Ippudo Westside, and figured we'd give this a try.  Definitely happy we visited! There was no wait even though there's probably ~10 tables total.  Food/value is probably a 4/4.5...We ordered 2 noodle dishes, noodles were cooked perfectly and decent portion sizes:- Mala noodles (strong flavors, not too salty or spicy, balanced amount of ground pork with some bok choy for just under $10)- Chicken  mushroom noodles (warm and refreshing/lighter on the palate than mala noodles, highly recommend if you're cautious about spicyness but want something tasty, around $9).(Overall, I gave this a 4/4.5 instead of 5 because it's great food for the area but not the best I've had compared to places in Queens/8th Ave Brooklyn.)Service:  4. Pretty standard, nothing really stood out as particularly remarkable or impressive. Menu has both English and Chinese.Ambiance:  Again, pretty standard decorations, clean tables/seating area. No wait is a plus, although I imagine that won't be for long.   So, solid 4 - enjoyable local spot to eat.I'll likely return if I'm in the area again with friends :). Spotted take-out/delivery (?) on the way out, so may need to try that next time...
Just got a delivery of 2 beef noodle soups. The soup is VERY spicy even if you ask for a mild broth. The beef is pure grizzle. We threw it away and tried to eat the noodles and broth but it was much too spicy for any of us, even though 2 of us like some heat. The beef was supposed to be the spicy part.We called and they did remove one from the charge, but it still was a waste of the cost of the other one and the time waiting and a disappointment.
Great simple noodle spot. No frills and cheap. The food is great.The noodles are Mala spicy an delicious. Don't forget to try the steamed buns.
Incredibly awesome homemade beef noodle soup!!!Pretty cold in the space but that delicious soup warms you right up! If Totto ramen and Ipuddo are legitimate Japanese ramen joints that this is no doubt a legitimate Chinese noodle joint.  Haven't tried anything else yet.... but I'll be back!
I order an spicy beef noodles! It's very Chongqing Style! If you are spicy food lovers, come and enjoy!
Soup base is okay. Big serve. But when I went there the noodles were not cooked enough.
Nice little noodle place tucked away in time square. Soups are almost like ramen noodle. I got the Malta noodle and it was excellent. The steamed dumplings were not the best. Definitely no wait and service is fast. They just opened I think. I would definitely eat here again.
My friend from sichuan told me this place is authentic. I cant testify to that cuz im not from the same region but the noodles do taste good.
They have great spicy noodles! Check for some new noodles! The taste is very good. I am from Chongqing. Their noodle indeed resemble the noodles I eat in my hometown. The size is better than most resultant too.This restaurant is newly open so they have a 20% promotion now. Take this opportunity!
This place is great to stop by for a quick bowl of noodles! It's right by where I work and it is delicious! I ordered the chicken and mushroom noodle bowl! I wouldn't say it's authentic Chinese noodles, but definitely give it a try! The price is a little pricier since it's located mid west Manhattan. The service could be a little better even though people just drop in for a quick bowl of noodles.
The Mala Xiaomian that the staff recommended is pretty delicious! It's wonderful to eat such a hot bowl of noodles in cold rainy winter!
What a good hole in the wall find! Perfect noodles, spicy and unctuous. Perfect for quick super authentic noodles. The woman next to me fromMainland China comes once a week! I sincerely encourage a quick visit. And that's all you will spend there, a really quick visit. While the 51st ramen places are my favorites, this will certainly be a place to return to in the cold of winter....yum!
I haven't found a flavorful version of beef noodle soup in NYC until now. It definitely hit the spot and it was a fun place to eat with friends. But, it's a small space so get there early or late like we did.
Very authentic Chinese noodle in this neighborhood ! Check out this cute restaurant if you live in this neighborhood and definitely will be my go to place for winter nights!
The beef in the beef noodle was very tough, that we couldn't even chew it. The amount of beef was very little. The duck noodle on the other hand was ok. One of the staff was unfriendly, and that created a very uncomfortable atmosphere. Such a shame. I was expecting more from a 4 star restaurant.
This is a very nice restaurant with authentic Noodle in western China region. Most of the noodles are spicy but very tasty. It is becoming my go to restaurant. Highly recommend!
If you like spicy food this is your place. I had the duck. The broth was flavourful and lots of veggies in the bowl. Also had the steamed dumplings as an appetizer they were delicious.  No wi-fi,  cosy place very friendly staff
Great noodles. Roast Duck Noodle Soup is especially brilliant. Medium Spicy, by request, hit the right spot for my American taste buds. Staff is hard working and friendly. They remember the customer and make the order right. Small cozy,  clean, place,  good for dates. Excellent delivery staff. Only the freshest ingredients
I really don't understand all the good reviews on here. They served me a bowl of grease and spaghetti. For $15
Very authentic Ching Qing spicy noodle. The price is fare too. We ordered MA la noodle, and aromatic intestine noodle, very good, almost drank all of the soup (although it's spicy..)
If you are looking for a very authentic southwest Chinese noodle shop, look no further. The portions are generous, the mala flavor on point, and they even have Wang Lao Ji. The price feels high for what would cost less than 5 dollars in China, but other than that, excellent! I hope they open one closer to me soon (downtown).
Quick yummy noodles that is authentic Chinese, inside a dark room without a lot of seating
My food looked nothing like the pictures of the soup.  I ordered broad noodles and got skinny ones.  There were six little pieces of duck with hardly any meat on them.  There were very little to almost no vegetables.After reading what others said about this place I am very disappointed.The young ladies serving did not have a good command of English.  They were pleasant though.  The menu is not descriptive enough.  We thought we were getting stir fried noodles and were surprised when soup came.  My friend wanted to send hers back but I discouraged her from doing it because I didn't want anyone to get in trouble.Basically we got a bowl of spaghetti like noodles in a decent broth with a very small amount  of duck.  It was not worth the 13 bucks it costs.  You get better noodles across the street at Mee Noodles, an old 9th Avenue stalwart.
Had the homemade beef noodles which is very very spicy. So beware. It made my boyfriend's eyes water. Also got pan fried dumplings that were standard but solid. Very very authentic. Also had a Asian iced tea in a red can. Don't recall the brand but I grew up drinking it.  Such a throwback. Great place for take out and a quick lunch.
Best Chongqing noodle in the neighborhood. Noodles tangy and have good quality. The broth has a good spicy aroma and after sipping the soup you realize how flavorful it is. The numb after taste lingers in your tongue which is great. I heard they have to ship the peppercorn in the soup from Sichuan--that shows the authenticity of the dish. Ma La noodles remains my favorite specialty.Waitress are very friendly. Great for quick dinner.
This place is amazing, their noodle is really really good and authentic, steamed mini bun is a must order too!!
Authentic noodles, very friendly staff. We went for lunch, and ordered extra for dinner.
Such good noodles/meat and dumplings. I was surprised because we were the only Asian customers surrounded by white people -- the food tasted pretty authentic to me!
I adore mala noodles so much. I popped in this place when I was in the Hell's Kitchen area and I am soooo glad I did! It was a rainy day, too, so the spicy hot soup was extra welcome in my stomach. There was a lot of meat in my bowl, too. My boyfriend got the one with tenderloin, I think, but the pork in the regular mala noodles were better. Several days have passed and I'm still thinking about this place with tears in my eyes :')
Got delivery here and both my friend and I got food poisoning. I also ordered online through their website because they give you a 10% discount. Be careful because you have the option to pay by credit card but the page you enter your info is not a secure website. Beware!
The noodles are fresh and delicious! It is also affordable. You can always ask for more spices if you like your food hot. There's also pictures of the food on the menu, so you know what you're getting. Authentic Chinese noodle shop!
Excellent noodles ranging from mild to spicy. The service is friendly and efficient. This place is certainly worth a visit. My only complaint is that there were no seafood options and only one vegetarian option.
The noodles are pretty good and the portions are good sized. The soup base is just as good, if not better, than the surrounding ramen noodles shops. Definitely worth a try if you're into spicy foods. They also offer non-spicy options for those that don't like spice.
So good, I feel bad for Mee across the street. It's not even competition. The menu is noodle soup and/or dumplings. The mala is as good as you can get in NYC - at least as good as I've had it here. There may have been tourists here, but few were American.
Just stopped in here for a bowl of mala noodles and they were very good. The spice level was perfect, the noodles also cooked perfectly. The only thing I would say keeping this from 5 stars would be nuance. I felt that the bowl was all pretty much the same flavor (despite it being a delicious flavor) and that none of the ingredients brought much variation within the dish. That said, would totally come back.
Great place provide authentic Chong Qing style noodles, the choice on the menu is easy and simple, great verities to choose too. Highly recommend.
Super authentic and delicious.  Mala noodle is my favorite, but beware it's pretty spicy.  Not fancy.
Cheap place to get your spicy noodle fix. The aromatic intestine noodles (which, in addition to the noodles and pig intestines, comes with an assortment of veggies) were delicious and an amazing deal at just a little over $10. I got the thin noodles which were cooked a perfect al dente. Broth was also incredibly flavorful though on the greasy side (but that's how you know it's good!). The intestines themselves were nothing to write home about.
This is a pretty decent hole in the wall for Sichuan style food, especially chongqing noodles in general. The level of spice is just right, the service is fast, the restaurant decor is clean, and the prices are reasonable. I got the mala noodles, which were very good. If I were somebody who lived in the area, I would go to this place frequently.
Spicy Mala noodles were exciting to see on the menu but not too flavorful other than being spicy, but the noodle quality is good and not gooey, I ordered delivery and it came less than 25 minutes! The kelp had a little too much garlic bits but was quite good.
Delicious. I thought the portions were a little small for the price however. My beef noodles were nearly $12 however I left still a little hungry. Was super jealous of the couple that ordered buns at the next table.
My new favorite Noodle place in the city! Very fast and friendly service, cozy little spot. If you want to grab a quick but delicious noodle meal this is exactly the place to go! The Homemade Beef Noodle soup was ON POINT!!! (Tasted EXACTLYYYY like the Beef Noodle Soup from Taiwan!!!!) And the Ma La Noodle soup was also very good. Highly recommended from a Taiwanese American foodie :)
This place's noodle is so great! I love the smell of their "mala" soup. Price is also reasonable! Recommend you to try this.
Ordered house special noodle.  It is very spicy for people not used to his type of spicy noodle.  Portion is small and service is not good.  No water offered and after couple times reminder finally got it.
I came here with several friends on a winter day and we were all pleasantly surprised by how good the food and the service were. I got the Mala Noodle, which I figured would be their standard baseline dish: the noodles were springy and had great chew and the soup was spicy with a good bit of mala heat (but not overly so, I think it could've been a tad spicier). Everything in the bowl was seasoned well and on a cold day, it would definitely be a super-comforting thing to have. We also tried the pork dumplings (they were good, but I personally prefer a thinner skin), the seaweed (was a nice palate cleanser), and the chicken feet (pretty good, very savory). Staff was very attentive as well, which was great, although it wasn't too crowded when we went. Overall, a great little place that I'd go back to whenever I need a heartwarming bowl of noodles.
Great location as it's only one Ave away from the A/C/E station. The noodles are amazing, as a Hongkongese international student, I could say it is really authentic and flavorful and kind of soothed my homesickness! If you love spicy Chinese food you need to go to this spot! Additionally, the waiters are really hospitable and polite. In general, I would highly recommend this place, especially on a chilly wintery day, there's nothing better than a bowl of soupy noodles! There are having a grand opening discount of 20% off, so grab your chance guys!
Walked by this spot a couple of times this week. It's completely new and not like most noodle places in the neighborhood. My partner ordered the noodle dish with duck while I ordered their famous mala noodles. We had also ordered a dish of their steamed dumplings to start. The dumplings were very juicy and savory from the inside- you can tell they'd just steamed them and placed hot on a dish. Although I usually prefer vinegar soy sauce on the side and not just regular soy sauce with my dumplings the flavor of the meat inside totally made up for the absence! What definitely stood out the most from both my partner's and my noodle dishes was the spice level! I mean this was spicy, but the kind of spicy I would usually add onto my noodle dishes. The noodles were a perfect texture and the temperature level of the broth remained hot until the very end. With all this said, I would highly recommend the Mala Noodles dish which is only $9.75 (plus the 20% grand opening discount!). And if you're skeptical of how much heat you can take I'd advise you to ask for mild. What's even better is that you can totally tell this spot is family owned from the young girl who stands by the counter and the baby that hangs around by the kitchen. Highly recommend!!
This food here is exceptionally good. Ambiance is casual and the prices are quite reasonable. I ordered some cold noodles and they turned out to be incredible. Looking forward to eating here again.
Fantastic bowl of authentic Chinese spicy noodles! The mala aromatic intestine noodle soup hit the spot after a day of exploring NYC.The service was good too, the server added additional spicy broth after we requested.
I started with the steamed dumplings and it was very tasty.  I ordered the ground pork, bok choy with the facet noodles.  The portion was generous and the broth was very spicy, just the way I like it. Staff was friendly.
I live like a block away and have visited several times now and tried several things.  While the menu is somewhat limited, it is the best of its kind in hell's kitchen by a significant margin.  Love the Mala dishes and the daoxiao mian. Mala things are nicely ma and la, and they will customize the spiciness to your taste, which is great for people who are old fans of chuancai and those who are new to it.  Price is right and service is quick and surprisingly friendly.
Best ma la noodle soup I've had so far. Service is immaculate, too. Definitely gonna come back.
The Mala noodle tasted well although it was not spicy  enough for me lol. Te service here was great!
One of the best Chinese noodle place I've been to in NYC. The soup is really delicious
Fried dumpling is awesome, original taste reminds me of old days in Chongqing. Tried two of the noodles, spice beef and pickled sour noodle, taste great, will come again
Terrible service. Food comes out at different times. By the time my order came out, the others at my table were nearly finished, so I just ended up canceling and just having my steamed dumpling appetizer, which were mediocre at best. Really wish I liked this place since I live around the corner and love authentic Chinese, but won't be coming back.
Not good! Steam bun is very bad, the fillings are not fresh. Beef noodle is bad as well. Many artificial flavors inside.
really spicy, i like it! also the speed of delivery is fast. around 30-40 minutes to 62 street.
I've been here so many times since discovering this place. Probably the most authentic Chinese noodle shop in midtown and every single one of their noodles tastes delicious. For spicy, definitely recommend the Chong Qing Xiao Mian. For a hearty, non-spicy choice, the chicken mushroom noodle hits the spot.
Legit noodle house in midtown !  I hate going to Chinatown and this place is great!  I ALSO prefer dumplings with less doughy wrapper - this place got it right!
This is probably the best noodle shop in NYC. This is including the other boroughs including Flushing which is saying a lot. The spicy noodles are probably a bit too spicy for the average person though so if it is your first time I would recommend asking to add the spice yourself.  This place also had the best fried dumplings I've had in the states. That was totally unexpected.
I had the roast duck noodles. The duck was flavorful, but it seemed like the broth was just lacking something. Service was good, price was fair.
Ordered homemade beef noodle soup. The soup doesn't have any beef taste and the beef is kinda low quality and not boneless. The noodle is under cooked. Not sure why it's highly rated place... guess shouldn't have Chinese food in midtown. I could get much better beef noodle in flushing with half price.
I think the potstickers changed my life. The dipping sauce that came with them was just amazing. Chicken and mushroom noodles were also great, very pretty and so tasty. The broth was a little bland but i asked for mild spice. Ggod food Good value too.
This is a very small restaurant with only few tables. Good for small parties.  The servers were okay, not bad but nothing too special.  They came and asked if we were ready to order, took our order, brought our food, brought our check, Done.  The noodle was okay, kind of bland, not a lot of flavor, not a lot of stuffs. I ordered mushroom with chicken noodle soup. It came with those and a bunch of parsley, no bok choy as shown on the pictures in the menu.  We looked around and no one got bok choy.  I supposed we can't be too picky... Probably wouldn't return again.
We were despairing of finding a place to eat after the theatre without waiting in long lines (Totto Ramen).  Then found this on yelp and were thrilled to be warm, with no wait, eating delicious authentic noodle soup.  My husband is Chinese and he loved it.  The spicy soups are pretty spicy and the meat and duck in it were a bit grisly/bony, but the flavor was delicious and it was filling and satisfying.  Great find!!!
Delicious! I eat a lot of spicy food, and I ordered Beef noodle, so good! Will come again.
Vegetarian friendly, they substituted more veggies in place of meat. Also gave us 20% off since they're still new - we enjoyed our Saturday morning lunch here. Restaurant was clean, modern. Service could have been more attentive, they seemed more preoccupied with preparing to go orders. Will revisit in the future!
Very authentic Chong Qing noodle (重庆小面)。Spicy/Tongue numbing to the very best degree. Nice service and fast free delivery too. Highly recommend!
ammmmmazing！like spicy Chinese noodles!definitely NO.1.Plz do not hesitate to take try！
no frills noodle place as expected. went with a party of six and everyone enjoyed their food but nothing spectacular - i had homemade beef noodle. place did the job for us as we were seated and ate right away - a stark contrast with the 45 min - 1 hour wait at other places in the area on a cold night
