Perfect dosa. Delicious buffet items. I like their new concept of combos with free naan. Definitely will try again
Wow, I never thought I'd be this excited to write a review for a food court establishment, so here goes: Recently, I've grown to appreciate South Indian food which tends to be vegetarian and incorporates lentils, spices, and coconut.  While I am still a meat-eater, over the years, I've found myself gravitating toward places that can make delicious, varied vegetarian meals, because in some ways that is more challenging and more healthy for me.  Perhaps because of the labor involved in making some of the dishes, South Indian food in NYC is pricier than other Pak-Indian styles, so, with that in mind, getting a meal for under $10 that is filling and consists of so many awesome flavours is exciting for me.  It is $2.99/0.5lb, but the food is "light" - it's not like you're getting a dense piece of lasagna which weighs 2 pouns.  I think they mix up the dishes in the buffet, but I have enjoyed the sambal (the soup), chickpea salad, a butternut squash dish, the coconut chutney etc.
I am super obsessed with the Onion and Chili Uttapam from here. It is blazing hot, like 2 beverages hot, but it's the kind of fire that you can't stop eating. Sooo good, excited to be on my way to have one now.
Food is over priced and i ordered a meal at 740PM; it was served to me ice cold.  I don't give it the absolute bottom rating because the spices were good.
bad bad bad. Avoid. Stomach is upset, food was too oily. Better off with Sbarros across from there.
I've recently started eating Indian food  more often, and was delighted to find Thali in Newport Centre Mall.  I started off with it's affiliate restaurant - Taste of India - which has excellent food too.  But Thali has more of a variety.  And they have lots of veg choices, which is right up my alley.  In addition to its very deliciously pungent, spicy and appetizing offerings, I'm addicted to two of their desserts - gulub jaman, which are spongy cakes (that look like doughnut holes) soaked in sweet, rose-scented syrup, and vermicelli payasum, which is a South Indian dessert featuring vermicelli, cardamom (whole!!), sugar,  cashews, raisins, ghee, boiled milk, and almonds (ingredients vary.)  It's served warm, and is fantastic.   Their drinks are good as well; I enjoy the cool refreshing pomegranate juice that has coconut, basil in it, and the mango lassi.  It's tempting to want to taste everything Thali offers; however, as you add more items to your tray, keep in mind that the price of your meal will go up, as it's weighed by the pound.  Still, it's worth it, because the mall offers way too many fast-food chains.  Many of the spices in Indian food are healthy.  If you like Indian food, give Thali a go; it'll be worth your while!
