Great place for a quick Indian lunch if you're craving it. Not the most authentic, but it definitely satisfies the craving. Very much chipotle style, with you sort of "building" your dish. Love this
My husband was looking for some delicious Indian food and he found it. The food he had was delicious and he said it was fresh and he loved it. He will be back and hopefully take me with him!
Not really my cup of tea. Got a chapati roll where I got some chicken masala.But you do get a lot of food for your money so it's good place to get your Indian food fix if you're in the neighborhood!
I can't get enough of Indian Food.Indian Food FOR LIFE!It's so good. The system works like Chipotle. You see the different steps and different things you need to pick in order to create your indian Food.Start with Salad, a Burrito or a Rice Bowl, moving on with the kind of rice you want, pick a sauce, topping etc. I think it's totally worth the money and peeking into their kitchen it seems like every single sauce they make it fresh and cook it right there.It's great. If you're looking for an Indian place. Come here.
Rice bowl with lamb bhuna and daily daal-good. Good amount of lamb. Not as fresh. Tasty and a little spicy. Savory lentil stew. Smooth texture. Average quality of basmati rice. A little dry.
Ordered in the spinach and chickpea dish and it was awesome! It was $12 for an insane amount of food - including 2 roti and a full container of rice, plus a large portion of chickpeas, which will last me a number of other meals. Delivery was on time and the food was great :)
I was happy with what I got for $8.95 in this neighborhood. Had the rice bowl and was impressed with its spices and flavors, hot steamy food, probably fresh off the stove!
Love the food and the concept. They had lots of salad bar choices which are super unique to to indian flavors. Even the pickled ginger was a terrific surprise. Come hugry as they serve a lot of food. Only drawback was the service didnt seem to be interested in helping with explaining items on the salad bar.
I stopped by for lunch after reading the reviews on yelp. We ordered pickled paneer chapatti roll and bhel puri. Delicious!!!!! The taste is authentic indian, spice level very well balanced and preparations fresh!!! The best thing about this place is that every "roti" or "chapatti" is made from scratch in front of you, unlike most usual frankie places where the tortilla is pre-prepared and only heated. That's the soul of a good Indian meal! So satisfying.The collection of table sauces is very unique, authentic and top notch. There are 3 options- green spicy coriander, sushi ginger and tamarind. All add separate flavors which enhance the preparation. Ambience is casual, prices v v reasonable ( lunch for 2 in $13) and food to die for!! I am coming here again and I am bringing all my friends here tooo!TIPS- try the fresh chappati roll for the taste of REAL indian chappati, table sauces must try!!!!
Love their roti rolls. The perfect blend of chewiness from the roti, flavor and spice from the meat, and crunch or sweetness from the toppings. So far, I've loved the chicken tikka masala and the lamb rolls. I like contrasting sweet, spicy, sour and salty, so I make sure to get some corn and tamarind sauce. Last time they accidentally gave me some small brown fried flour things. Best accident ever. The added little crunchies were so good. Super-affordable lunch in this area. Sweet! (And salty, spicy and sour).Really enjoyed the bhelpuri. It reminds me of (not home, since I did not grow up in an Indian home), but of that one time we all hung out at our Indian friend's house and he made us bhelpuri and was super-insulted when one of us said it was like rice krispies. Ah, the memories.
Delicious rice bowl. So many healthy toppings. I did the vegan bowl with daal and paneer. It's an art making Indian food that is delicious and tasty but not overpowering. Small place with casual seating. Pleasant, friendly staff!!
Woohoo! I love this place. first of all, I love Indian food (in fancy restaurants as well as small cafes). I absolutely love how you can get rice, salad, all toppings and protein together. I love their fast-food but at the same time slow cooked food. I, personally, order lamb with white rice, a lot of salad and two type of sauces (white and green :) - white is mayo based, green is a little bit hot, and I do not know what do they put there). The place itself is small. There are 4-5 bar tables. You can get water with lemon if you feel burned after the spicy food :) and get extra sauce if you want. Overall, go and enjoy slow-food that called fast-food ) indian style! 5 starts!
This place is a hidden gem in Harlem! I came here during my break from classes and I was blown away by the amount of choices they had for you to put in your rice bowl. From paneer to butter chicken to channa daal, everything was a delight! As an Indian myself, I must give this place credit for what they are serving. It is affordable and filling. I would definitely recommend everyone to stop by!
Affordable and delicious! I go there a lot when we don't want to cook. The Lamb and rice is a great option. Staff is very friendly and the price is hard to beat.
I absolutely love these Chipotle-style, tons of options for every diet, and flavorfully-packed food restaurants.  I especially love Chapati House even more because it's Indian food.  Most Indian restaurants in the area are sit-down where I get some naan and an entree with rice.  Chapati has their own twist and it is wonderful.  You can get a chapati roll or a rice bowl. I got a rice bowl with white basmati rice, a choice of 2 entrees (eggplant and paneer), and four toppings (pickled mangoes, lettuce, tomatoes, onions), and their yogurt coriander sauce.  It was so delicious, but really spicy (I have low spice tolerance but this didn't stop me from eating it.  If you have good tolerance, you'll really love this).  To balance that out, I went for their mango lassi, also sooooo delicious and a perfect combination.  They also have some bombay frankies - I tried their mashed potato dumpling.  It had coriander and a delicious potato mash!  I think to make this even better, they should serve naan (like Indikitch does), but if they didn't I really wouldn't mind to be honest.  I am definitely coming back because I also love the atmosphere, it is really clean and wonderful.  And to close it all off, this place is very affordable.  Two mango lassi, one bombay frankie, and a rice bowl was $20.
This place is amazing. I have been here three times and each time has exceeded expectations. The prices are extremely reasonable and give you great bang for your buck. The rice bowl, which is $8.25, gives you a large portion of white or brown rice along with two choices of meat or vegetarian alternatives. Each time I've gotten the chicken tikka masala and the chicken mahkni, which are always incredibly tender and flavorful. With the bowl, you get unlimited add-ins, which means that you should err on the side of being over inclusive. My favorites of the add-ins are the spicy house mix and the yogurt coriander, but there really hasn't been one that i've disliked. Their side bread--I forget the name--is also amazing, and they will heat it in front of you so that it is warm when served.Overall, as one review pointed out earlier, this is a sort of Indian Chipotle, that offers way more flavor than Chipotle (and it is pretty close in terms of value). I will definitely be back multiple times in the future and would recommend that anyone in the area stop in--you will be hooked.
Think Chipotle, just Indian style. The food is so effing good it's unbelievable- and you don't have to sit down and wait and get reservations and blah blah blah no. Come in. Get a rice bowl. Put eggplant and some form of protein on it and ask for gold raisins. Then just tell them to put whatever the heck else on it they think is good. And you will walk away. So. Satisfied. Plus they served me like 1 minute before closing time, so A+ customer service.
Had the lamb bhuna bombay frankie as a mid-afternoon snack and was pleased with the flavor of the curry and the value/size ration of the snack. The chapati used in the roll is not as good/pliable as the ones used a few blocks SE at Roti Roll Bombay Frankie but still quite doable.
Fresh roti, amazing chicken mahkni, and awesome pickled paneer. This place has better food than a lot of sit-in places. Oh and did I mention mango lassi?
Chapati House serves consistently fresh Indian cuisine in a fast-casual restaurant setting. For less than $10 you can assemble a very large rice bowl with two entrees, up to four toppings, and additional spices / dressings. Many of the entrees are naturally vegan and gluten-free (chickpeas & spinach, bharta, daily daal, etc.), although meat and dairy options are always available as well. The overall value is amazing. It is extremely rare that I am able to finish an entire rice bowl in one sitting, even on my hungriest days! I really can't say enough about this place. Chapati House is a great addition to the Morningside Heights / Columbia University neighborhood -- delicious, affordable, and convenient.
Someone else on here called this the "Chipotle of Indian food," and after going I think this sums it up pretty well.I'm English, so I quite stereotypically grew up eating curries at least once a week. The Indian here is far from the best, but it's still amazingly good food for a great price. It's also really convenient; they just serve you the food right there with no wait.I highly recommend getting the rice bowl, as the 2 mains are WELL worth the extra dollar. For toppings, I'd go with tomato, ginger, onion, or coriander  (cilantro) and not much else. These fit well with most of the mains' flavours. I'd actually advise AGAINST getting any sauce at the end. The mains have wonderful sauces with them already, so I'd just avoid diluting them.The only downside to this place I can see is that it's pretty small inside, so you might run into trouble if you want to eat in. I got a seat without issue, but a few of the people after me were doing the awkward look-around.Summary: Great fast meal for under $10. Solid win.
If you're too sensitive to spicy food, you might have a hard time here. Food is delicious and portions are gigantic! I can never finish it.
If Chipotle did Indian food and it tasted great: that is what Chapati House is.Party of 7 and everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meals and the price was reasonable.
Staff was super friendly, attentive and fast. The food was really good, too. I ordered a wrap and enjoyed the variety of toppings available for my vegetarian filling. It was reasonably priced, and I'll definitely be back.
it was my first time with Indian food. I love chapati roll with chicken makhni, topped with sauteed onions and raisins. Strongly recommended!
I got lunch from here on 9/12/16. $7.25 for a big chicken chapati roll :) I would have given 3 stars but they wrap the roll in absorbent wrap! The outside of the wrap is foil but the inside is absorbent paper, the wrap started getting absorbed with curry and started breaking apart. I almost ate the inside paper wrap :(
It was ok. Not my favorite place and i wouldn't go back but worth a try, I guess. The food was not too spicy which is ok. The mango lasi was ok. I think it was not made with the best (Greek) yogurt, because it wasn't tangy.Owner was very friendly and personable.
I found a piece of meat in my vegetarian dish. I haven't eaten meat in many years and don't ever want to, especially unknowingly. It's extremely offensive, and I wouldn't recommend any vegetarians or vegans to try this restaurant.
Great place.  For those curious, I would best describe it if Chipotle were an indian place.  You can sit there and eat, but it's not a fine dining atmosphere.  Nonetheless, the food is amazing and not that expensive (rice bowl for about $10).  Nice casual atmosphere. Pros:  Good foodinexpensivecute placeCons:  no bathroom, if that matters
My new obsession.In a nutshell, it is "Chipotle" style Indian food but muchhhh better. Yes I know it's not "authentic" Indian food in a sense but it doesn't matter when the food is this friggen delicious. Don't skimp and just get one entree, two meats are the way to go! You can pick whatever condiments you want to tailor it to your liking. For me that is extra coriander mayo and yogurt.
I was very happy to see this place pop up in the neighborhood, but can't say I'm impressed by the food. I ordered the chicken tikka masala; and it was watery and not creamy at all creamy. Their nan is more like plain flat bread; but the guy at the counter did say that was the case so I guess no surprise there.  Can't speak for the other dishes they have, but if a common dish like chicken tikka masala wasn't up to par; that already lost my interest to try anything else. The workers were nice though!
Quality Indian fast food in the hood. So glad that I tried this out for delivery. I ended up going for a rice bowl with two entree choices, which is such a good deal at 9.75 because it comes with two entrees, choice of rice, and 4 toppings + 2 sauces. My only complaint is that it comes with one piece of roti, which definitely isn't enough since there is so much food in the bowl. Looking forward to trying out the other entrees since I just got a lamb and chicken dish. Delivery is really quick, which is a perk.
This place is amazing. We live down the street and get delivery more than we'd like to admit. The delivery comes very quickly and is always delicious. I strongly recommend the chicken mahkni, chicken tikka masala, and the lamb. Get the rice bowl and add chapati on the side!
Just a few words to describe this understated Indian gem: delicious, efficient, and authentic. My friend and I were craving curry and basmati rice one weekday night and stumbled upon this fast-food-style restaurant; you select your starch, protein, and sides from left to right. The chapati was divine, albeit a little too oily for my liking. Also, I appreciated the self-serve iced water station so you may extinguish your flaming mouth if necessary.A warning, however, to those who choose to dine here (love the interior): upon leaving, be prepared to smell like Indian food from head to toe.Can't wait to return! :-)
Not bad! Bombay chicken Frankie was interesting, an Indian burrito pretty much....flavors are there but not bold.  Very tomatoey indeedTook chicken tikka masala home for dinner, tomatoey saucy but I wish it was a bit creamier and spicier
Great Indian food place! Rolls are just yum! Great place for those who go to Columbia morningside as well as Columbia Manhattanville!
First off, I'd like to start by saying I am an indian food SNOB and am constantly on the search for the best malai kofta. Besides the fact that this isn't so traditional, I can assure you that the food they serve up is THE BEST! I come here as often as 2x a week and I exclusively eat vegetarian there. The place has two very specialty offerings: chapati roll or rice bowl. The chapati roll is great because its a griddled wheat bread with a main entree of your choice mixed with either brown or basmati rice and an assortment of delicious toppings. The chapati roll will run you about $7.50! The rice bowl is also great because you get to choose 2 mains for this. I'm a hungry gal and can never finish this bowl! It makes the perfect split for two people or two meals. At $8.75 for the bowl, this is definitely worth it.My favorite vegetarian options there are the bharta (tomato stewed eggplant), the aloo gobi ad the pickled paneer. Their vegetarian specials are also BOMB and delicious. Overall, you should 110% come here. It's so much better than Indikitch or anything of the sort. The staff is also so happy and welcoming. I really encourage you all to go.
I'm surprised by others exclaiming how great this was. It was...fine. Nothing special. Not nearly as good as the other Indian options that are around the area and with a comparable food-quantity-to-price ratio. I had the lentils and a potato mash over some pretty dry rice that was a large portion. Benefit of the doubt - maybe this would be better if I weren't a vegetarian?
Favorite spot for chicken tiki masala and saag paneer. Always delicious! Easy to order online and prompt delivery.
Ordered takeout and pretty satisfied. It was a lot of food, I couldn't finish it. I ordered chicken saag- it was very flavorful and rich. It came with naan and rice. So many spices. I got my fix of protein and vegetables all in one.
I ordered 2 chicken tikka masala for delivery. It was truly one of the best, if not best, I've ever had (and to put it in perspective- I visited India about 4 years ago). The chapati had a lot of flavor and I really enjoyed it. Usually I don't really bother eating chapati because it tastes bland to me. The rice was great and the chicken was to die for! I peeled of the chapati, put some rice and chicken on it and basically ate it like a mini taco/burrito.Also, my food arrived in about 20 minutes after I ordered and it was still incredibly hot.Anyways, I would highly recommend Chapati House. I'm very pleased I came across this and look forward to ordering in the future!
The emperor has no clothes! I picked up a rice bowl from here, it was completely bland. I have no clue why everybody else is giving it 5 stars - it's either some weird form of groupthink, or I was just there on a bad day.
I came here for lunch with a friend. I got the rice bowl with brown rice with chicken makhni and aloo gobi (potatoes, cauliflower), along with some corn, cucumbers, tomatoes, raisins, and topped off with the mayo sauce. The biggest problem I had with the dish was the aloo gobi. Everything else was fine and tasted good. However, as someone who is sensitive to spicy food, I could not handle the aloo gobi. There was ginger, which made it both spicy and bitter. By the time I was done, I was sweating bullets and my face was red, according to my friend. You could say it was my fault for not asking the server but the menu clearly did not say it was going to be spicy/hot (pepper sign). Also, they list the ingredients as potatoes and cauliflower, which is absolutely fine for my taste yet was actually misleading as a whole. My friend can handle spicy foods and absolutely loved the food here. So...we're probably going to be coming back and I'll be asking the server next time too.
Update...I came back two days later....because I couldn't resist...and ordered the chicken frankie because I wanted something a little smaller than the chapati for a lighter lunch. This also was great! I officially love this place!! Wish I lived closer to it.
We had a terrible experience with their delivery service. We were told it would take 20-25 minutes for our food to arrive but it was extremely late. When we called to find out where our food was, they told us to wait and did not apologize for the delay. The food arrived after an hour, and it was cold. Disappointing service. We have eaten in the restaurant and it's fine--the food is a good and it's cheap but just be wary of the delivery.
Just finished my Eat24 delivery order. On the plus side, delivery was super fast, the guy was nice, and the food was warm, but not hot. Everything else was disappointing.I ordered the aloo gobhi muttar Bombay Frankie and a build your own salad bowl with spinach chickpeas and pickled paneer, both "very spicy." When I order "very spicy" at an Indian restaurant, I expect them to bring the heat, but both dishes were an Indian "medium."The food itself was standard quality and flavorful enough, however neither dish was as advertised. The menu indicates the potato, cauliflower, and pea chapati roll is a "hash" with coriander sauce, which was missing. A "hash" is grated or diced ingredients crisped on a flattop. This was a "mash," and I'm sure you can imagine the disgusting mouthfeel of, essentially, a mashed potato burrito.My salad bowl was missing the homemade pickled hot pepper and mango pickle as well as the tangy tamarind and yogurt coriander sauces. This many missing ingredients is unacceptable, but as someone who loves Punjabi mango pickle and craves it, this omission was particularly frustrating. Instead of rushing orders out the door, please take a moment for quality control. The salad green they use is romaine lettuce which, when heated through, wilts to an unappetizing slime. I'd recommend spinach, kale, or the like, which can stand up to stewy dishes. Also, the chapati it came with was misshapen with multiple holes. "Chapati" House should only serve relatively round, intact chapati. I feel nauseated and wouldn't spend money here again.
I just order yesterday and this food is delicious 9/19/2015 me and my friend we ordering again I'll put a pic this time..
This place has very good indian food. The curries aren't too spicy but at the same time they aren't bland as well. The spices were on point. This is indian version of Chipotle mexican grill- I ate a rice bowl with chicken makhani and lamb curry. I love the lamb curry- it's he best I have eaten in the US. The chicken wasn't bad either. Overall I'm very satisfied with the food that I ate and would go to this place often.
I order from Chapati House all the time.  Fantastic flavorful fast-food dishes, friendly customer service.  And when I'm too lazy to actually walk down there, they provide exceptionally fast Seamless delivery service.
This clean and cozy spot on the Golden Block for Food is, as my friend Ignacio brilliantly put it, the "Indian Chipotle." A "Chipotle" it is, so do not expect the most authentic indian food ever existed in America. But for a layperson who has never been to India like me, the food is very solid.Instead of a burrito, get a Chapati Roll and fill it up with brown rice, lamb (you will understand that the extra $.75 is a tiny price to pay for that incredibly tender, flavorful and juicy lamb entree), salad toppings, and coriander yogurt dressing. Your tongue and stomach will thank you. For the vegetarian option, I'd go for the grilled eggplant with mayo dressing. *Note that the "chapati bread" is freshly grilled from "dough" when you order. As a result, you get an extra kick of warmth, chewiness and elasticity. I highly recommend it against the rice bowl (unless you prefer gluten free) and the salad bowl.You cannot not have a mango related drink at an Indian restaurant. At Chapati House, you have two options:1) The Mango Lassi: Their mango lassi has a medium (read: good) texture, with a slightly more prominent yogurt flavor. So if you are a "lassi person" for mango lassi, you don't want to miss this one.2) The Mysterious Mango Drink (bottled): This little bottle of heaven tastes like some version of freshly squeezed mango juice (the texture doesn't feel like from concentrate, but TK). So if you are a "mango person" for mango related drinks, this is your choice.The little restaurant features a flatscreen TV that regularly showcases race car programs that are good distractions to your lazy afternoon eating. Like every other decent food place, they also have free tap water that you can help yourself with on the side station.So yes, a filling chapati roll and a mango drink, just a little bit more than 10 bucks. I would surely come back once in a couple of days for a simple and "simply Indian" meal. Five stars here you go.
Let's keep it short. Even if there was a Halal Guys food cart out front, I would choose to eat at Chapati house. That's some of the highest praise I can give. Rarely do I think a place with 4 stars on yelp is underrated - but this place is underrated. Both the chapati roll ($7.25) and rice bowl ($8.95) are delicious, but I would recommend the chapati roll to a first timer. They make the chapati fresh when you order. What does that mean? Imagine if they cooked a fresh tortilla at chiptole each time you ordered a burrito - like from a uncooked ball of flour. It's amazing.
I love Indian food, but the foods here were very disappointing. It was one of the worst Indian foods I have ever eaten.. Chapati House has the same concept as Chipotle, but it was not delicious, and lacked taste.We ordered to share: 1)Aloo Bonda (Mashed potatoe dumpling AKA fried potato balls), 2) Chicken Tikka Masala w/ Basmati Rice, 3)Lamb Saag w/ Basmati Rice, 3)Chicken Tikka Masala Chapati w/ Yogurt, 4)Mashed Eggplant & Chickpea Salad Bowl, and 5) Gulab Jamun.Out of all those foods we tried, the one we liked the most was the aloo bonda (fried potato balls), and the rest were quite disappointing. Even the frozen Trader Joe's Tikka Masala w/ Basmati Rice that I buy tasted better than this.  And, the gulab jamun was horrible. It was not soft and tender, and did not taste good. I will stick to buying Gulab Jamun in the indian bakeries instead.
Very quick and yummy Indian food. At first I thought it would be mediocre but it's as good as what you would get at a sit down restaurant. The only downside is they don't have nan :( Aside from that a large amount of food for a good price!
I've tried it two more times since my initial, 1 star review and I have to upgrade it. I must have caught them on an off day, because the food actually had flavor the subsequent two times. I still wouldn't say it's my favorite, but it was pretty delicious and I will definitely be back.
Big fan of Chapathi House for delivery Indian food. Not too expensive, and the food comes with chapathi and rice (if you're not getting a frankie, which I would just go to Roti Roll for anyways). Their Dal Maharani is quite good, as is their Saag Paneer. Also, I don't typically get appetizers at Indian restaurants because they tend to be a bit overpriced, but I think the Aloo Bondas are delicious and well priced ($3 for 4 bondas! You could even split the order between two people and still have a solidly portioned appetizer!). Great place to get delivery from!PS: Check out their website - it's one of the most aesthetically pleasing navigation panels I've ever seen. You'll know what I mean when you look it up.
I come down often from Columbia. The food is delicious. Consider getting ginger as a topping. The rice bowl is quite a lot of food. I'll normally be full after just the Chapati roll. It'd be nice if they had some outdoor seating. Sometimes the Chapati rolls leak in the to-go packaging, but no big deal.I think the pricing is even better than its oft-compared competitor Chipotle.
For what it is, this place is really good. I thought the quality and variety of the items in the generously-filled rice bowl beat most buffets around town... the chicken in the tikka masala was moist and tender and the sauce was not oily; the chickpeas in the flavorful channa saag tasted firm and nutty (didn't seem canned); the mix of fresh and cooked / mild and spicy toppings and relishes added nice contrast and zing to everything. Although not big, the place is clean, cheery and bright. Smart concept and well executed -- I'll definitely be back.
I was actually scared to try this place for a long time.But I finally went in with a coworker and was very happy I did. I have since been back a whole bunch of times, its that good.Basically, it is Chipotle for Indian food. Very good, lots of flavor, and the staff answer your questions (like if you want to make sure you don't get anything too spicy). A rice bowl will typically cost you about $10.
We called in advance for a catering order. We planned a graduation party at our apartment on the UWS. We picked up the order at the restaurant near the 125th Ave subway stop. Everything has prepared as promised, on time and super tasty. We paid $180 total and got a huge amount of food. More than enough for our party of 12 people. Left overs for days!  Really good Indian food and excellent service!
I was in moringside heights for a month and this one was of my fav places. The price is very reasonable and what makes this place really good is the bread they use for the wrap. The bread is amazing. I only ever get the non-spicy chicken (the orange color) but it's still high quality and very good.
Everything I ordered was delicious, but very very spicy! The chicken spinach is amazing, the mashed potato balls are ok. Also I had higher hopes for the Basmati Rice and especially for the bread. The reason I'm still voting 4 stars is that this is the first Indian place in this neighborhood where I really really enjoyed the spinach. And for me it is the only reason to get Indian food ;)
Good Lord, this food is fantastic. I recently turned vegan and it has been difficult to find delicious food but this place is off the chain!!  I had the spinach with chickpeas and the aloo gobhi muttar. Just one request to management: PLEASE DONT USE PLASTIC BOWLS - very bad for the environment!   Other than that, 2 thumbs way up!!
Not sure why this place has such rave reviews on Yelp. The taste of chicken makhani and lamb are below par. Here is the worst part - the brown rice I got with the rice bowl smelled suspicious, almost like close to being spoiled. I am not going back.
Great clean food. So many flavors and textures. Friendly staff. Cheap prices. What  a great addition to the neighborhood. Already looking forward to my next visit.
The food is great and so is the service. The worker was very nice and the set up is like chipotle/subway. I got a chapati roll with chicken tikka masala and mayo lassi. Food was great and the restaurant design is great.
This place is a gem, its a chipotle style joint where you choose your meat on a rice, salad or wrap and the toppings you want.So i had the chicken tikka masala which was good.. i loved it! i had the paneer with tomato sauce and it was good too. My husband had the lam abd the chicken masala and he loved it as well... he said he would come a lot. Its a nice small place, quick and the food taste good.The sanitation grade is A  big +
Chapati house is excellent. The service people are very friendly and the food is always delicious!
Super nice people. I had the Bhel Puri and it was fresh and delicious!! I had meant to bring it back to my friend as a snack...but ended up eating nearly the whole thing (that could have had something to do with the bottle of wine that I had consumed....)In any case, I'd love to go back some other time. They are also owned by the same people that own Roti Roll on 109 which I've been going to for like ...6-7 years! Good drunk/hangover food albeit a tad on the pricey side though.
This place is a gem! The food is so good. I got the lamb and tofu with mushroom. The flavor is just perfect! Would go back all the time now!
Recently came here and was not blown away by the offering. It could be that I tried too many weird toppings on my 2 item plate but something was lacking. I think I finally understand why this doesn't hit the spot for some of my friends that loves indian food. They still have good service and the dishes taste fresh.
Its fast food style reminded me of Chipotle. My friend and I basically picked our food and toppings based on their steps. Convenient and fast. The food tasted good too! The staff were nice as well!
Great and affordable; need I say more. The service was good and what I got tasted good.
I ordered delivery, food was ok, but they did not include any napkins or utensils plus the food wasn't hot.  Very disappointed
I wanted to love this place but I got the tikka masala and it was bland. It was lacking flavor and that ZING that tikka masala has. I've made tikka masala before and I know it was def lacking salt, pepper, a bit of brown sugar to sweeten it and some spice! Good concept though.
Fast casual Indian food with vegetarian options. I have ordered the create-your-own rice bowl and create-your-own chapati roll. Easy to customize to get what you want, and a variety of toppings to choose from. The portions are huge. Like other reviewers have said, it is like Chipotle for Indian food, only better service and not crowded when it is not a peak meal time. Great window for people-watching. This place is delicious and one of my favorites! I definitely recommend it if you like flavorful food!
mm what's not to love about an indian chipotle? But you know what's not to love? A person that doesn't know how to wrap a burrito. And you know who shouldn't be working at the counter?A person that doesn't know how to  wrap a burrito. And you know what makes me a little bit angry? A person that doesn't know how to wrap a burrito. That is my only complaint. Please learn to wrap burritos. It's crucial to the world as we know it.
Delicious. Pretty healthy. I wish I had known about this place sooner. I would describe it as a kind of Indian version of Chipotle.I have taken carryout from this place two or three times and more recently ordered delivery. Most places take about 30-60 to delivery to my apartment from that area. The food arrived in 15 minutes and maintained a nice warm temperature.I usually get the saag paneer vegetable entree, a dish I'm not normally that enthusiastic about, but really enjoy here. The yogurt coriander chutney is also quite excellent. Service is friendly.
Love this place! The servings are so huge and the prices are so reasonable! Definitely a great food option in the morningside heights area!
A good quick stop for some Indian-on-the-go. Not the most flavorful or authentic, plus a but too salty, but it'll certainly do in a pinch or to satisfy a craving. I went for the full experience and got all the toppings but if we go back (and we probably will since it's close, cheap, and quick) I'll stick with the main goodies: rice + and entree and maybe some cilantro. We liked the lentils and tofu best and had split votes one the spinach (I liked) and eggplant (my partner liked). We both agreed to avoid the tamarind sauce at all costs in the future!
Definitely not the best indian food I've had but it does the job. Definitely a decent price for the amount of food you get. I got a rice bowl with the tikka masala and the spinach chick peas. I've never been one for mixing food so it was kind of weird having them in the same bowl. But overall the taste was decent-I'll go back. Just don't expect too much!
Must try their rolls! A hidden gem of quick lunch or dinner option! Relatively healthier than other lunch options around the Columbia campus. Clean and organized little restaurant. Comfortable to sit down and eat. Friendly staff.
The food was ok, the pickle was bitter, the vegetable dishes were cold and lacked a marinated flavor.  The service was friendly and genuine, which counts for a lot!There are too many options in the additional items menu, many of which don't add much flavor.  I would suggest that they limit these add-ons and focus their spending on bringing up the quality of their ingredients (local, fresh, organic, etc.).Taste is the real killer here, I found almost everything to be bland, especially the daal and paneer!  There are so many good methods for creating a great flavor, there is no excuse for tasting bland.  Have some courage with the tastes!If this is trying to be the Indian Chipotle (which is clear from the layout and menu setup), it needs to copy the thing that makes Chipotle great.  Which is the marinating, high quality ingredients, and focus on making the flavors great and consistent (my pickle was bitter in some parts, and flavorful in others).
Wasn't expecting much from an Indian place that catered to the masses.  In any event, still lower than my expectations.  Service was rude, got the feeling of not being wanted there and hurried.  The subpar chicken tikka masala was masked with a veneer of flavor by the generous helping of chutneys at the ready on your table.  Didn't help.
I come here at least twice a week because the service is so quick and friendly and the prices are super reasonable. The chapati they use for their roll is sooo delicious. I have tried the pickled paneer, chicken tikka masala, the chicken makhani and more and none of them have disappointed.
Nice new addition to the neighborhood. As others have said, the style is like Chipotle, with the option to get a wrap, bowl or salad. The bowl comes with choice of brown or white rice and then 2 entree dishes. The lamb option is $0.75 extra. For only $8.95, you really get a ton of food. If the owners are reading this, I'd suggest offering an option that is $1 less (or something close) to only get 1 entree. There are lots of topping choices, like tomatoes, onions, beets, spicy pickles etc. There is a good amount of in restaurant seating, so it's not a carry-out or delivery only type of place. I wasn't able to access their mobile site to see online ordering, but maybe that will be coming soon. I'm positive i'll be eating here a lot.
This place is amazing. $7.25 for a roll as big as my head? How can you not love this place? Everything was delicious, flavorful, hot, and fresh, and though it's small there was plenty of seating around dinnertime.
They've done a Chipotle kind of deal for Indian food and it works quite well. The style of cooking is closer to home made food and not as heavy as most other Indian places that just end up making the food very rich by adding a lot of oil.
I am here on Thursdays putting together a whole order for my office.  The food is delicious and the staff is friendly.  They have the best rasmalai in the neighborhood.
Very filling and delicious! The staff are also super quick and friendly. During my last visit, I ordered the tofu and mushroom chapati  for $4.50. It was so tasty and I couldn't believe how cheap my meal was! I'll definitely return.
Fast delivery, excellent food! I ordered a basmati rice bowl with chicken makhni and chicken tikka masala. My roti was hot and fresh. I will definitely be ordering from Chipati House again!
Absolutely amazing food! Every variety, the rice bowl and the salad, delicious. And very great prices!
The Chicken Makhni is amazing...really unrivaled in the wide variety of subcontinental places I've tried.Other than that, it's a better-than-average lunch/takeout place. The options are limited (i.e no naan), the "toppings bar" is a bit unexpected, but it's still a solid place. Definitely a wonderful addition to the neighborhood delivery options, and worth coming up from the UWS or down the hill from CU.  For under $10, you'd be hard pressed to find better.
I would say Chapati House is AWESOME!!! you can find most of the delicious Indian foods here with very reasonable prices. The ambiance or the inside decoration is not so good but foods are very good. I have gone there with my colleagues and my wife several times taken several dishes!!! So I would recommend you to must go there and have a test of the various Indian foods and enjoy!!
Love love love this place! Amazing food and super cheap ! Would love if they labeled the toppings better so I can mix and match more. Great addition to our neighborhood!
A mix of authentic Indian flavors, the food tastes incredible, and it is prepared fast right before your eyes. And it's cheap and will fill you up! One chapati roll is plenty, and the rice bowls are even bigger. The side dishes are interesting and fresh - get them all! The appetizer dishes are also great. As you can tell, I love this place. I spent a few weeks living near here over the summer, and I came here two or three times a week. It's amazing!! I highly recommend this place - it might even be my favorite place in New York!! Please come here!!
I really love this place!! I like the "build your own salad/rice" option, every curry I tried (chicken tikka masala/chicken makhani/mashed eggplant/potato and cauliflower hash) was soooo good. The portions are quite large - I'd sometimes split the rice bowl for two meals and still be full enough.What I also especially like about this place is the service - the workers are always super nice and cheerful!
This was my FIRST time ever eating Indian food. I was kinda excited kinda nervous. This place is like an Indian Chipotle I guess, I don't think I ordered any sauce on my burrito so it was super dry, my fault. The rest of it was ok, just ok.
This place is a fabulous addition to the neighborhood. There's never been great Indian food around, until now. Tonight was our second time eating there, and the food, staff, and environment were all on their best behavior once again!Casual eatery with a trendy interior, clean and sleek. The kitchen is open for observation (a bonus for those of you who like to see where your food comes from!). Plenty of tables, with stools and a muted TV for those who want to watch the news or Indian programming.My wife and I ordered a Chicken Makhani chapati roll, an Aloo Muttara Bombay Frankie, and two Mango Lassis. Bill = $18. You won't find a better value. Filling for the stomach and soul, with exquisite flavors true to the subcontinent.A lady came in while I was ordering just to thank them for her amazing takeout from the previous day...enough said.
This place is a lifesaver. When I can't deal with making dinner after work, I stop by and pick up a couple of chapati rolls to bring home. There are plenty of veggie options and mango pickle, tarka and hot sauces to spice things up. I like that you can add chopped beets to everything. There's always enough left over for lunch the next day.
Chapati House is a great addition to the Morningside Heights / Columbia University neighborhood. Tasty Indian food (served Chipotle style), lots of veggie options, and great value. Highly recommended!
You can't get better Chapatis than this in America, take it from me. They are freshly rolled out for your order and its amazing! As for curries they aren't out of the world but they are fresh and as Indian as it can get. They are definitely value for money. Stop by when you are not sure if you are hungry or not or when you are hungry to death and don't have much to spend. Highly recommended!
This was a very welcome addition to the neighborhood. Delicious food in minutes. I usually pick up three rice bowls for our family of four for a quick dinner. My daughter is a vegetarian and loves their mushroom and tofu dish. My son is a big fan of the tikki masala and I go for the lamb. So happy to have this right down the block from us.
This place has great service and food! I stop by there with my friend for a dinner, even I am not a big fun of Indian food, I really enjoyed it. I ordered Shrimp Saag, and it came with a lot of different additions like pickle reddish, yogurt and etc. Everybody was super nice and friendly which made me feel like I am having dinner at my friends place.I will be back!
Chapati house has seriously saved me from starvation. It's cheap and delicious. I usually get a roll (only $8!!) with chicken or eggplant. The only downside is that your clothes smell afterwards
i live for this place and am devastated they no longer deliver to my neighborhood. the roti and rice bowls are sooo much delish food for like 10 bucks. Mango Lassis yum. bombay frankies yum. i also always order the cucumber raita sauce. guess I'll have to go there in person to satisfy my cravings!
I haven't actually made it here yet but I was actually researching on the web looking for Indian cafe which used to be on 108th street and broadway. I would frequent this place for the best chicken makni (butter chicken) I have ever had anywhere! And I was saddened to leavened it had closed. I'm excited to visit chapati house soon for my butter chicken. I soo hope it tastes the same! Sad it's not a restaurant setting though :( but I wanted folks to know the same owner owned Indian cafe ( as per the info on the web).
My wife and I always get a rice bowl and I get a chapati bread on the side. Super fast, friendly guys behind the counter. Love having them in this neighborhood and glad they're surviving.
This is my favourite place to eat on the UWS. The staff are very friendly, the food is delicious and excellent value for money. The eggplant entree is particularly good and the mango lassi is excellent.
love this place!!! I can order online and the delivery is fast!!!food is very good on top of that
I still have not stepped foot inside the store but I get delivery from this place quite often for lunch.  The food is really good.  I normally get a rice bowl - more than enough for two lunches - with chicken tikka and pickled paneer.  I recently tried their chicken makni, I might be sold in make by switch to that moving forward.  I love that I get so many options on toppings and sauces.  So glad that a good Indian spot as opened in my work neighborhood!
I ordered the Saag Paneer and it was definitely not worth the $12.00. The food was lacking flavor and tasted as if it came out of a box. The rice was bland, no flavor at all. For this price I'd go to an authentic Indian restaurant for the same price. Never again.
I am giving it a bit of a harsh review, because it really deserves a 3.5. Delivery from Chapati gives it a 4. Basically they took some of the tenets from a Chipotle style service and some of their Roti Roll ingredients to form a place with quality indian food, but definitely nothing special. Like Roti Roll I think the price for what I am eating is a dollar or two too high. The coolest thing is their roti burritos that they wrap up, which i usually get with their chicken tikka masala. The chicken tikka isn't out of this world, but its decent. I also get the bartha Eggplant a lot, which I think is very good. The bowl with two different sides is usually a good deal if you get at least one meat. They offer different assortments to put on the bowl such as sauces and different condiments, which I do, because I feel like I want to get more value fo rthe price, but they do nothing except kind of create strange combination of taste. Perhaps, they should create suggested combinations, but at the current moment I can't give it anything highger than three stars until they up their food ingredient quality game.
This place is like the indian food version of Chipotle. You can pick a wrap or a rice bowl and choose the main meats, veggies, and other things on it as well. The variety of food is pretty decent and the space is nice. The wraps are pretty similar to the ones at Roti Roll on 109 and Amsterdam. Overall, I think this is a solid option to eat it from time to time, but it's not something that I would go out of the way to get. I believe that they sell some pretty yummy samosas there as well.
I've eaten here quite a few times.  I like the quality of the food and it seems the staff takes pride in what they are doing, but having said that.... I don't understand the salt levels of the food.  I have to consume large amounts of water every time I eat here. My wife can not stand more than a bite or two.  With ingredients this good, why so salty?  Inquiring minds want to know.
Hooray for this! It's a small, cute takeout place that dishes out pretty fresh chapati (aka roti) with a small variety of delicious fillings for you to choose from, and they'll make as spicy as you want. And they have some classic Indian sweets, too, like gulab jamun! All at an affordable price. This is the kind of fast food this neighborhood needs more of.
I love this place! Tikka could have a bit more chili I think. Highly recommended. I go here in my lunch break all the time.
Good value for money. Service was good. They even gave another ras malai for free after we dropped ours by mistake.
I agree that it's like an Indian Chipotle.  The staff is pretty nice and friendly.  I usually get the Chapati roll.  I get the roll, rice, a filling (I usually get chicken or the chickpeas mash), toppings and a sauce.  I like the cilantro mayo sauce.  They make it fresh, you see them take the dough and run it through the press and put it on the grill.  I tried their rice pudding, which I do not recommend.  It had spices and too much flavor.  I like my rice pudding plain.  There's a variety of toppings and pretty much let you pick and make whatever you want.  The food is fresh and tasty.  The portion is very filling and generous.
Love this place! It's an Indian food chipotle! I like getting the rice bowl with chicken makni and the lentils.
Excellent options on the menu from the Indian cuisine. Kinda like the Indian version of Chipotle. Very unique and quite tasty food.
This place is fantastic. It's like the chipotle equivalent, but actually. Except cheaper. The chapati is made fresh and is delicious and soft. The service is great and the workers are all very friendly and polite for delivery and at the restaurant.
an indian fast food place with chipotle's operational effectiveness
So far, I've been in here twice and had a wonderful experience both times. The staff is super polite and the food tastes great. Eat in or take out, the service is quick. Also, for the amount of food you get, it really isn't very expensive.
This place is awesome! Top notch Indian food fused with the convenience of a wrap/burrito-style. Get the chapati roll (made fresh to order!), the chicken makhni, the house mix topping, and the coriander yogurt (ideally all in one item). This place is a very pleasant surprise and an absolute keeper.
Great food for the price.  Had the rice bowl with chicken and aloo and a bunch if toppings.  Very flavorful.  Looking forward to next visit.  And Mango Lasse to go cup - need I say more.
I'm certainly not an indian food expert, but order it or go out for it once in a while. I really liked Chapati House! It tasted very fresh, good spice and really nice options. It's nice to be able to "build your own," I've  never seen that with indian food before. I built my own salad, which isnt really a green salad but more like a couple things with rice and some lettuce and sauces. The shrimp appetizer was so good, and the chapati was warm and fresh. Will order again.
I like this place.  It is a tad pricey, especially for the area but it is an Indian chipotle
I had a Lamb chapati roll. I'm not an Indian food expert, but the taste was nice and i could taste also the lamb. I agree is kinda a Indian version of Chipotle, but i think the quality is a little better than this last one.
Yes everyone is correct this is def an indian chipotle, in every sense. I think its gonna be a winner (they deliver to my house woohoo!). The food is fairly priced and tastes good for the most part. The spinach entree I didnt like much but the chicken tikka masala was really nice. The pickled stuff is realllly sour. I mean I love a good pickle but this was like whoa, overtaking all the other flavors sour. The ginger is interesting but I probably wouldnt add it again, tasted out of place. The mango lassi was good but the rice pudding dessert and I had unreconcilable differences.  It was cold, which made the rice kind of hard and a touch bland with a noticable touch of rose water, which didn't really work for me. But overall I think its good choice if you looking for a quick bite in the area.
I moved from India to study at Columbia Law School last year and was pretty sad missing home. I moved into a building close to this place and went to eat here after I had lugged my bags up 6 flights of stairs.(with help from my brother and husband.. Ofcourse they carried everything but I was tired nonetheless). the deliciousness and homely flavor of the food made me forget all my sadness. Please do try it. It's awesomeness guaranteed.
Amazing place, this neighborhood really needed such a change. The food is delicious, staff is super friendly it's clean and cheap. I tried picked paneer and chicken masala...yummmm!!! Can't wait to go back!!
My only complaint about this restaurant is that it's not even closer to my apartment.Most of what needs to be said has been said already, but: Indian fast food that is delicious and very reasonably priced.  It's an awesome addition to the neighborhood.  Hell, several of the fillings (e.g. tofu & mushroom, aloo) are even vegan!  There are tons of vegetarian options.I have a feeling that my husband and I are going to be regulars here.
Got the lamb wrap and it was amazing! Reminds me a bit of the roti that you get everywhere in Trinidad and in the west indies. So flavorful with the extra sauces, I will definitely be back for more!
Love this place. A first-timer to nyc and my new roommate recommended it. The chapati roll was delicious and the lamb was surprisingly tender. Also the staff suggested good combinations and was very helpful. Love the vibe in this place and gladly recommend it to anyone in the Columbia area.
Great quick neighborhood lunch option, healthy and delicious.
Agree that the food is good and the staff is super friendly.  Just got the cabbage fritters with my lunch and they are awesome!  Samosas very good too.
This restaurant is terrible the service sucks, THey literally blamed me for a discrepancy with my order, HOW RUDE!! Then they refused to reimburse me even though I never received ANY food from them!! If I could give them a 0 I would. I 'm not the type to write long reviews or, reviews at all for that matter, so you know this is TERRIBLE service!
This place opened on Tuesday for dinner only and though I walk by there most days, I finally made it in there last night. It is the same principle as Chipotle. There is a board and you work it from left to right until you have a personalized snack or meal. I got a chapati and a rice bowl. For the rice bowl  the guy behind the counter gave me the basmati rice, lentils, and chicken that I asked for. Then when we got to the toppings, I guess he did not approve of my choices and really encouraged me to try some interesting looking things saying, I will just put it here (on the edge) and if you do not like it, you can get rid of it. Love that!! I had some interesting flavors popping in my food. The chapati was freshly made with a great veggie filling. This place is really going to help me with my Meatless Monday habit. Also, because it was opening week I got a 25% discount. Today 12/7 is the last day for that. So if you read this today, rush over for a cheap, good meal and if you read this later, check it out. Good food, friendly service.
The Indian Chipotle!  And they do it well, you choose your base, rice or salad, two entrees and unlimited salad toppings and sauces.  I had the lamb curry which was tender and flavorful, and bharta which I found a little too oily for my taste.  Conveniently located close to Columbia Campus, fast and cheap!
Quite pleased.  No fuss, very good food, good price.   They do a mix-and-match menu: tell them what kind of rice, what entrees, what toppings, they throw it all together and hand it to you, and you eat at large common tables.  And it's very tasty.  This has quickly become my place for Indian in the neighborhood.
This neighborhood has needed more good restaurants for years. This is a great place for lunch, More expensive than Subway or McDonald's, but completely worth it. Great vegetarian options, as well.
Brilliant concept -- the Indian equivalent of Chipotle -- and great food too. So happy this opened on my block.
Awesomely delicious, inexpensive food and warm, prompt service.  What more could you ask for?
The turnover continues in Morningside Heights, with inexpensive, smaller restaurants getting pushed out and expensive places (beyond the reach of most of the students in the area) coming in.  Chapati House is owned (so I heard anyway) by the same people that used to run the Indian Cafe a few blocks away.  Here they are going for something different - applying the Chipotle approach to Indian food.  Even the name sounds like Chipotle.  Another way of looking at it is that this is a cross between a Chipotle and some of the inexpensive South Asian restaurants scattered around the city.  And it works out pretty well overall.  You can order a bowl of rice or a roti bread, and top it with a choice of Indian dishes and a wide range of toppings, and there are good vegan options.  Some of the food was really good - e.g., the spicy eggplant and tomato dish was really outstanding.  I would eat here again, but I still prefer Indian food served in a more traditional manner.  Eating chana and rice isn't really the same thing as having a burrito.
