Nice Chinese cuisine in Brooklyn Near Bedford av. stationShrimp is very very gooodChicken a bit salty Both serve with rice (jasmine or brown)
I absolutely love this place! It was recommended by a good friend of mine who is addicted. The portions are very fair and the flavors are clean and tasty. This is the first time we came for lunch and they have really goodLunch specials. Jane is very attentive and sweet!
I'm Indian and my SO is Chinese and so I really wanted to love this place. And for the most part it was okay but it didn't blow me away...I bought the pulse deal ahead of time which scored us 1 appetizer, 2 entrees, 1 noodle/rice dish and 1 dessert. Not bad for $49!However the only thing worth mentioning were the Calcutta chilli garlic noodles. These were real tasty and left me thinking about them for a few days later (I love noodles).With that being said our server was super friendly and very happy and I very much enjoyed the decor of the place.
Every dish I ordered here was very flavorful and tasty! Got a free appetizer for checking in. The servers, ask for Jane especially, were very attentive and helpful with suggestions. Would definitely be back!
Honestly would love to give this place 5 stars food is delicious, place is clean, but their customer service is terrible. I'm terribly allergic to all nuts and ordered a dish I've eaten many times in the restaurant I informed them about my allergy and was neglected and poorly handled. Don't think about getting hot or even warm food delivered to you since it takes at least an hour for delivery.
We did not plan to come out for dinner but this place crushed my eyes. First Halloween decoration was cool and interior also very pretty with Chinese and Indian style. food was great and the service was very friendly. Thank you to Jane a manager who took very good care of us. We also got free appetizer when checked in. Will be return soon :)
I was a consistent customer with them since they opened. I mostly do delivery and am generally very happy with the orders and used delivery.com to make the orders. For this dish I like I always order mild and it would be very appropriately spicy for me and had ordered it dozens of times. Today I received the same dish and it was clearly very spicy and not in line with the dozens of times before. Instead of stating they made a mistake they tried to say that this level of spice is what mild is. This is contrary to my experience with them and clearly just them not admitting they made an honest mistake. They have just lost a long time customer due to their lack of customer service.
I'm digging what this place is doing! So this place is cooking up some Asian Indian fusion! Pretty cool! I do love both of these cuisines. Fried rice with pork  meatballs, although a standard dish, did impress. There was a noodle salad on HAPPY BEGINNINGS MENU, lol, that did wow! It featured pomegranates, jalapeños, and avocado. Some of the dishes were a little salty for me so if you can, ask them to tone it down. That's to be expected from food such as this.  These days I work on cutting salt from my diet so I'm usually very sensitive to it. I should have ordered the soup dumplings or at least that's what I call em. Next time  perhaps. Singha beer from Thailand was on point, light and flavorful. Not a beer drinker but I like to sample new beers  from different geographical areas! Creative and clever dishes! I'm picking up what this place is putting down!
Its not listed on the menu but you can order tofu in the orange sauce!Tofu and broccoli very good for you!
This Indian-Chinese fusion restaurant is located in a lovely area of Williamsburg. The storefront looks small but there's actually a lot of seating inside. The manager here was wonderful and very kind and accommodating! As for the food, my favorite plates were the bhel salad and the butter mushrooms!! I'm not sure how the bhel salad was a salad, but it was crispy noodles. The mushrooms were my fave because I just really like mushrooms. Oh, and the Limca soda! I'm so happy this restaurant introduced me to this Indian soda because I loved it. I wish I could find it elsewhere! I'm really picky about my spices and Indian food so the other dishes that were more Indian were just okay for me. The presentation of everything was nice--especially the bhel salad, the wontons that came in a fryer, and the noodles that came in a takeout container. I'd love to come back and try the other Indian sodas they have and for the salt and pepper mushrooms!
My husband and I came here because we love indochinese and this menu looked amazing! Our server Jane gave us a warm welcome and gave us some suggestions on what to order. Restaurant has a spacious yet cozy ambience with great music! The menu is super vegetarian friendly and tons of options for meat eaters too! We will definitely be back for more!
Been here twice now. Ambience is ok but the food is lackluster at best and portions are small. I order the chicken 65 and sizzling beef wet (spicy), chicken 65 was ok but the sizzling beef was like par-boiled beef swimming in beef stock. for 15$ it was such a poor cut of beef that chuck will now taste like a ribeye to me. Cost me $26 for the two together, I'd go to the chinese restaurant and pay 1/3rd that price for better quality.
Great Chinese food with lots of flavors and spice. We started out with the calamari appetizer. It was fresh and crispy. Very authentic. Then for the main course we had the Mapo tofu and Calcutta noodles. The noodles were spicy and had a lot of flavor. Everything was delicious and not greasy. Jane was our server and she was very friendly and helpful when choosing what to get. Can't wait to come back and try more items on the menu
This restaurant is a gem! I'm visiting the city for the week and I'm so glad I was able to make it out here. The service is amazing - the waitresses are so attentive and kind, and they make sure you are taken care of. I ordered the lollipop chicken, soup dumplings, and sizzling Manchurian chicken. Everything was super tasty. I especially loved the Manchurian chicken and soup dumplings. I will definitely be back! They also have a nice bar for those interested in beer, wine, and cocktails.
Better off going to your local chinese restaurant. Food were expensive and does not taste that great
Great Indian Chinese. Best I've had in NYC given how hard it is to find. Quite heavy tho.
Great spot in the neighborhood. The food was great and surprisingly very affordable compared to other restaurants in the area. They had a combination of bollywood and top 40 music playing, which made my dining experience even better ;)
The appetizers were amazing! We got the chicken mo mo's, chicken lollipops and calamari and they were all delicious. The sizzling steak and asparagus was also great. The lo mein with noodles wasn't as great as everything else but still pretty good. Service was great too - super nice and efficient and cool interior in a convenient part of Williamsburg. I'll be back!
This place is IT! It was my boyfriend's birthday yesterday and we had an event we were attending a couple blocks away from The Chinese Club.  He wanted Chinese food and this was close by, so we came here for dinner.  Boy, am I glad we did because it turned out to be one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had in my 12 years living in NYC. The decor is funky and fun, the hot sake is legit, and the food is gorgeously presented and absolutely incredible for insanely decent prices.  We pay these prices for mediocre Chinese takeout in Harlem.  The staff was attentive and friendly. The manager learned it was my boyfriend's birthday, and they bought us a round of sake on the house!  And when we ordered dessert, they surprised us and brought it out with this amazing firework candle while singing happy birthday.  It was truly unforgettable and we will be RUNNING back...from Harlem, no less- that's how much we loved it.  We honestly did not want to leave!
great ambiance with a mix of modern chinese fusion food and retro comic book feng shui. Has a vibe similar to Shanghai Nights. Our server Jin was very friendly and attentive. They have a lunch special from 12-3pm, you get a good amount for what you pay. The sugar cane juice tastes like a refreshing drop of happiness. The wontons leave you wanting more with a tasty sauce. Added a new twist to the drunken noodles with pineapples, very good. The bangkok fried rice left both my face and stomach smiling. A real feel good food that warms you up. Make sure to add the chili paste to your dishes, yumm!
I really wanted to like this place, but our meal left a lot to be desired. None of the dishes were bad per se, but nothing was particularly memorable either. THE GOOD: Everything was reasonably priced and the restaurant had a fun vibe. There was cool artwork lining the wall and they were playing acoustic covers of pop songs, which I was a fan of. THE NOT SO GOOD: As mentioned, the food was mediocre. We tried the salt and pepper mushrooms, wontons, and the calcutta chili garlic noodles. It's better than your average Chinese take out spot, but it's a far cry from what you'll find in Flushing or Chinatown. I realize it's meant to be Chinese-Indian fusion, but it didn't quite deliver on that promise either. Overall, if you want great Chinese (or Indian) food, I would look elsewhere, but it's not a terrible option if you're in need of a quick bite in the neighborhood.
Though it's in Williamsburg, it was really easy to get here on the L. The front entryway is unassuming, but the décor inside is great. There are some Indianized cartoon superheroes, some Chinese lamps and a bicycle covered in garlands. The Chinese Bhel was sweet and sour and spicy and crispy. Some of my friends thought it was spicy, others disagreed. The Veg Manchurian was in an amazingly flavourful broth (but with some large green chillies floating, if you're afraid of that kind of thing). The balls were really crispy on the outside. If I go back, I'll probably get Chinese Bhel and Veg Manchurian. The Calcutta Chilli Garlic came in a takeout container, which was kind of cute, and some of my friends thought it was spicy and delicious but I thought it seemed a little bit blah. That could have been because there were different noodles and whether or not you ate a chili by accident had a large impact on your experience. The hakka chilli paneer was probably the least popular of what we ordered. I usually am obsessed with chilli paneer. We ordered it dry, but it really was very very dry. Almost like if you pan fried some paneer that had been marinated in soy sauce. I've never successfully made chilli paneer myself, but I've eaten a lot of it and usually love it. We got the waffle for dessert. The berry kulfi tasted really really strongly of rosewater, some of us liked that and others didn't. None of using really understand the craze of using fruity pebbles to decorate desserts. The price was reasonable per person, especially since we did family style. I still like Tangra Masala better, but this was much easier to get to. If you check in on Yelp, they'll give you a spring roll (vegetarian) or one other pre-specified appetizer. The more people who check in at your table, the more you get.
Hello jus moved to this area and stumbled upon the The Chinese club, one of the best restaurants i tried so far here... with great flavors and a variety of dishes! MUST try if you're around! Make sure to ask for jane. She is just the loveliest lady.
lunch special under $10. can t ask much. if is passable u made it. yes was passable and 3 stars are fully deserved
The best Chinese restaurant in the area ! Lovely place, perfect for a dinner between friends, family or date. Thank you Jane for great experience !
The Indo-Chinese fusion cuisine is a bit of a legend - and very hard to get right. It's also my favourite version of Chinese food and I was pretty excited to try the memo burger. The staff is ok and service is strictly average. The food though is pretty good. And spicy! Try the chilly potato and mono burger for sure. They have a great selection of teas - the chrysanthamum one was pretty neat and tasted nothing like the ones you find in cans and bottles. Serving size is pretty good but you keep wanting more...
Jane is the best! Love Chinese club, it's an office fav. Come for their lunch special, it's bomb.
I was kind of excited to come and have Indo-Asian fusion because I love Indian food and haven't had Chinese food in a while.  The place is nice, nice music going and the vibe is cool.  The service was good, the waitresses are attentive.  I love the spicy food but they really go over the top with the salt.  I guess thats my only real gripe.  I really started feeling it in my joints due to the overwhelming amount of salt they use.  I had the barbecue ribs, which were pretty good. I say that because I've been eating ribs at some smoke houses throughout Brooklyn and I guess Im spoiled now with the fall off the bone ribs. I have to say that the Singsha (Thailand) beer was pretty decent. Hakka Chili Chicken, good spices, but so, so salty.  Chinese Bhel Salad was very good.  Not over the top salty, was probably the best item I ordered.  I gave this place a three (3) star because of the effort they are putting into this place and because of the fusion concept.  Otherwise the food didn't put me over the top.  I came, I saw, I'm sorry but I don't think this is a place I will be coming back to anytime soon.  Sorry, but I was kind of disappointed.
I ordered lunch special today. Worth it. Sasemi tofo was a little crispy outside and soft inside. My noodle was perfect portion plus i am vegetarian. My kids really enjoy the vegetable rolls
My friend and I dropped by the Chinese Club for dinner on a Sunday night and the restaurant was about half full. We were seated at the bar at my friend's request (because he wanted a view of all the bar action, even though there was no bartender... although we did have a good view of the kitchen).For dinner, we split a few dishes based on recommendations from our server:- Butter salt & pepper mushrooms - an appetizer, and also my favorite dish of the meal. The mushrooms were fried and seasoned very well.- Manchow soup - tasted like hot & sour soup with veggies and noodles inside- Hakka chilli chicken - the chicken was fried in a wok so the skin was very crispy, and the chili sauce provided some mild spice. This dish came with rice, which was needed to balance it out.- Sizzling steak - cubes of beef served on a sizzling pan with peppers and onions. Flavor wise, I didn't find anything too exciting about this dish. It also came served with rice.- Manchurian veg - Meatball size vegetable balls served in sauce. They reminded me of the vegetable filling that goes in spring rolls, just in doughy ball form.By the end of the meal, we were stuffed. The amount of food we ordered was more than enough for the two of us, and I even had enough chicken and steak left over for dinner the next day.Overall the service was also pretty friendly. The only issue we had was that my friend ordered a beer and the server poured it in a weird way so that there was no foam on top, so it tasted flat.
Had a fun night here. Staff are very friendly. Fast service and food sooo delicious. I am a big fan of spicy food and Jane gave me try spicy Thai chili power it was ok at the beginning but wait for few minutes my mouth burning so badly lol. Definitely will recommend to friend and see you guys soon. Thank you.
I've been to The Chinese Club several times and both the food and service have always FAR exceeded my expectations. It's so rare to find indo-Chinese food in particular, and they do it so well!! Ive had dine in and take out and every time it's phenominal, but tonight my server Jane was particularly helpful with their new (but very useful) tablet menus and her food recommendations were spot on! Will be coming back soon for sure :)
The Chinese Club is a good spot for unique Malaysian cuisine with gluten free options, but I wouldn't say it's a particularly great one.I was excited to see that not only do they have gluten free options marked on the menu, but they have a note encouraging you to ask your server for even more gluten free suggestions! They have rice noodle dishes, so I was hopeful that I could have something noodley.Unfortunately, when I asked about more GF options the waitress was confused. Wouldn't be a huge deal if it wasn't the note on the menu that led me to do that! I always try not to be difficult or have special demands while still keeping in mind my limitations with the gluten thing.I went with the butter chicken which was really flavorful, good spice level, reasonably priced. The rice it came with was pretty delicious as well and the cumin flavoring was subtle but still delicious. While the meal was good, the portion size wasn't huge, and it really was one of only two entrees that were labeled gluten free. Would go back, but hopefully could be pointed in the direction of some more options.
This place is amazing the hospitality is amazing and the food is wonderful I love it and it's reasonable pricing. Our waitress Jane was super sweet and accommodating. I love it here and for my first time. I felt at home thank you so much Jane.
Great service, cool decor and awesome food. Had the calamari appetizer and general tso's & my boyfriend got the Manchurian chicken lunch deal. Everything was spot on.
The newly opened Chinese Club is an Indo-Chinese fusion restaurant- basically Chinese dishes with an Indian flair. The decor of the restaurant itself is very Chinese. It was pretty quiet for a Sunday night with only a few tables taken. It is pretty big space so good for a large party. The servers are very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. The food itself was slightly bland for my taste palette. I came here expecting to be blown away with spice combination but left feeling disappointed. Indian and Chinese food are known for their spice level so I walked into dinner with this preconceived notion. That being said, the food was satisfactory especially if you aren't a spicy food fan. The sweet corn soup was amazing- definitely recommend. The pricing is decent- two appetizers, one shared entree, two soft drinks, and one wine came out to $46 including tax and tip. If you are a fan of Indian soft drinks (Limca, Thumbs Up, Sugar Can Juice), then this is your spot!
I came here on a saturday afternoon for supper. I really loved the old school chinese parlor decor and a good amount of space. For the food and drinks I tried. There was mango flavored sake cocktail which was presented beautifully colorwise, garnish and glassware. The drink was fruity and weak alcohol wise. The first appetizer was fried salt and pepper mushroom. I was really surprised how great it tasted and wonder why this isn't a staple dish everywhere. It was crispy and and less chewy than calamari which I liked and you cant go wrong with salt and pepper flavoring. Next was the soup dumplings which didn't come out as traditionally as expected. The skin was thick and doughy and the filling was pretty meaty with soup. They are slightly bigger too. It also came with a savory dipping sauce and not the traditional ginger and vinegar. The main courses I tried was the steak and asparagus and manchurian chicken. They both looked great, came out sizzling. The protein was good pieces and cooked well (steak was tender!) but both dishes was on the mild side in flavoring (it looked flavorful).          Overall pretty good spot to enjoy a safe meal. Can't say that confidently eating indian/szechuan/hunan food most of the time.
I came with a party of 8 for a birthday dinner and was really excited for the food because my sister has been raving about it. My favorites from our order was the calamari, lollipop chicken, chicken momo, sizzling manchurian chicken, hakka chili shrimp (extra points), shrimp fried rice, and Darjeeling hakka veggie lo mein (extra points). My rating is a 3 star for the poor table service.
Definitely coming back! The staff here were so nice and warm. You don't feel like you're in Williamsburg which is nice for a place to escape the same vibes you always get. The food was AA+++ ! I can't wait to come back and try more things off the menu. I've already told my friends they need to check it out.
Absolutely loved this place! Decor was so nice on the inside and the service is great. Stand out dishes include the chicken lollipops and the steak and asparagus. White sangria was an amazing touch and will definitely come back ASAP!
I came here for the first time last night for dinner, and it was fantastic.  My friend and I shared the momo dumplings, General Tso's chicken, and butter chicken, and all were delicious.  Our server, Jane, was so friendly and accommodating. We already can't wait to return!
Spicy and really good spot. Great atmo and Jane the server was so sweet. Very accommodating and very clean.
This was overpriced and seriously disappointing.  The "crispy" sesame tofu was soggy. The mixed vegetable stir-fry was supposed to come with tofu and there was none. Both were bland. The only decent thing was the wonton soup - at least it's broth was good. But that's 3.75 for good broth, basically. I've had much better for cheaper. This was not worth it.
I really wanted to like this place but it was very disappointing.  The good: a nice Gewurtztraminer which unfortunately arrived after the appetizers. Nice coconut ice cream over some kind of waffle similar to what I buy on Canal St. from a stand. Good quality shrimp BUT unfortunately buried in some kind of mayonaise-type sauce with raspberries and without honeyed walnuts.  EWWW!  We were told that the soft-shell crabs we ordered "smelled bad" so we ordered spare ribs which were buried in a sticky sweet sauce. Noodles were not interesting.  Fish was OK.  No air conditioning on a day in the 90's.  Not a pleasant dinner at all. The service was well meaning but incredibly inefficient.
Omg, the calamari was light and spicy and flavorful and perfection.The drunken noodles, fresh tasting and clean. (surprising, I justy know)However, here is where they lost me: what the heck is Manchurian sauce?!? it was NOT pleasant. I was so sad... bc that is how my meal ended. Wish I had saved a bite of calamari :(
First time here. This is delicious and table condiments are delightfully spicy. I'm sad I haven't been coming here. Definitely will come again. Waitresses were very accommodating to my wheat insensitivity as well and brought me a new dish.
I went to Chinese Club for a Gilt coupon -- 5 course meal (two starters, two appetizers and dessert). Overall I thought the meal was good, but nothing special.We got the Aloo Chat Indiana Street Snack: pretty good had a good tang to it Crispy chili pepper calamari: the little peppers was a good kick to the dishHakka chili with fish: it was okay, definitely expected to like it more. The iceberg lettuce pieces were a weird touch to the whole dish and didn't fit in Spicy Calcutta fish: great sweet and spicy sauce. Probably the favorite of the night. The dessert was mediocre. It was a waffle ice cream dessert that had this clear Jelly that definitely could have done without. Overall thought it could have been better, but we were restricted to the Gilt menu so we couldn't try the other menu items.
This place is awesome. Came with a party of 3 and we all enjoyed ourselves. The food was delicious - a great fusion of Asian and Indian food - and the servers were extremely kind and attentive to us. The manager Jane and our server enhanced the experience. They even played some music recommendations
Such a unique place full of amazing flavors and vibes. Everything here is good. I especially enjoyed their wonton soup and General Tso's chicken. It's quite affordable for the supreme quality. Excellent!
Very yummy Indian Chinese American fusion restaurant! Pretty nice and unique decor and big place.  Started with some Xiao Long Bao and it was nice & soupy. The dough itself was thicker than the typical soup dumplings but it was really good too. I actually love thicker dough!  Down side is, it only had 5 for $7. Would be nice if they gave 6 dumplings to complete the look. Just saying. The Peking BBQ ribs were very tender - the meat falls off the bones! It was great.  We had the beer battered general tao chicken and darjeeling Hakka lo Mein with seafood, and it came in a cute red takeout box! We took home the leftovers! Both dishes were very tasty.  Service was a bit slow  at first but it was ok when the food comes.
I ordered lunch here and they only gave me five pieces of chicken. This is the first time I've gotten too little Chinese food.
This was a really disappointing meal. The goat curry special was the worst. Do people like cardamom seed? Every bite we had contained a full seed and I;m not a fan. I had a gilt city coupon that I bought with an additional promo code applied and I still felt cheated. If I paid full price I would have been pretty displeased.There was a fish dish that tasted good. For the most part the meal was bad though, and I actually told the server as much when he asked how the meal was.The people there we nice though!
This is the 3rd time i came to this restaurant My favorite menu in here is their pork ribs u guys should try it i swear the taste is bombbbbb the meat so tender and melt in ur mounth... And the eggwaffle is amazing love love love itThe service is very good too
My boyfriend and I had a great experience at The Chinese Club in Williamsburg. First of all, the concept of Chinese-Indian food is unique, so we were very excited to check it out. The menu was very interesting, with dishes ranging from more standard Chinese fare to those with a Hakka or Kolkata influence. We tried many dishes and each was delicious in its own way. The manchow soup was flavored with ginger and full of chopped seafood and crispy noodles. The salt and pepper tempura mushroom was crispy and spicy, as was the Chinese Bhel salad. All three entrees we ordered - the Hakka chili paneer, the tandoori Kung bao chicken, and the Calcutta chili garlic - were flavorful and so spicy, but for me the spicier the better so I was in heaven! I also adore paneer so it was fun to have the option of ordering this Indian cheese in more traditional Chinese sauces. The tandoori chicken was also an unusual but wonderful mixture of Indian and Chinese flavors. We were absolutely stuffed by this point but still made room to try the soft waffle made with coconut milk covered in taro and coconut ice creams and exotic fruits. We also tried two Indian sodas - the Limca was so citrusy and tangy! What an awesome meal.Additionally, the service was excellent and the restaurant has a fun, kitschy (yet upscale) vibe. Overall, we loved everything about The Chinese Club. I only wish I lived closer so that I could frequently order in delivery!
I found this place by accident when i checked on Yelp such a great review lets stop by. I ordered lychee sake cocktail it was awesome, perfect sweet and not too strong for me. My friend was amazed with a huge glass of dragon mojito it was really delicious. Like how they put the peppers in the drink i never seen this and it taste really good. This is a MUST everyone should try. My boyfriend love spicy calamari but i like fried mushroom more. We ordered many appertizers and for main course we had hakka chili squid, lomain with chicken and manjurian steak. They were great. I gave here 4 stars bec i did not like my dessert that much. The icecream  that serve on waffle, it was way too hard and we have to wait till it melt a little bit so we can eat. The rest were great, we had wonderful time. It was busy the time we left. Only one server runing around and she was very friendly. Feel like watching one girl show. Lol. Will be back soon. Love it here.
My third time here love the fact that food is constancy. They were busy may be because it was Saturday night. My server suggested me to try new dish as i told her i always order same thing. She was very friendly and make me feel like eating at home. She told me to try hakka chili chicken i was afraid to try new dishes but this was the right choice this time and it was great. My friend also enjoy his steak with asparagus. Steak was tender served in sizzling pan soooo fresh. Dont forget to try their cocktail, after we ordered 2 we got 3rd one for free she said that it was not on the menu because it was special for us. Will be back soon. Definitely.
You guys deserve a review. Best chinese food we've had in Williamsburg (we had lo mein & kung pao chicken) and people were SUPER nice. they give you cute little weird fritos to start with a nice strawberry lemonade. Can't wait to go back. Great deal.
Disclaimer: I was invited for a complimentary tasting, but this review is an unbiased reflection of my experience, to the best of my attempt.In short: Great atmosphere for unique and delicious Indian Chinese cuisine. Must haves: the hot ginger thumbs up as your beverage, butter mushrooms, Chinese bhel salad (not actually a salad), sizzling steak, and hot garlic fish. Try: Hakka Chili Paneer with Tandoor Kung Pao chicken. Skip: lettuce wrap.On a Sunday evening, the restaurant was about half full. The Chinese Club is dimly lit, and has this underground club kind of feel. Tastefully tacky, in the best way possible (large red Chinese lanterns hung around the restaurant, old Chinese comics covered every possible inch of the bathroom walls, and hilarious English ads of arguably borderline offensive Chinese stereotypes). Music- cool Indian fusion covers of top 40 songs, like Sia's Chandelier. Shout out to Andre, for being such a patient and knowledgable host and for taking such good care of us! Andre explained the history of the cuisine we were about to enjoy. I never knew Indian Chinese food existed! The wonton chips that came with the table were not only yummy, but were also nice to nom on while we looked over the menu and waited for our food.  Drinks- I had Limca, which is an Indian Sprite. It tasted like a lime cleaning product to me, but the boyfriend and sister liked it. Highly recommend the hot ginger thumbs up, which is essentially spiced cola boiled with ginger, served piping hot. It tasted like really sweet herbal tea and is purported to be very good for a sore throat. Definitely try this. Butter mushrooms- FIRST HIGHLIGHT OF THE NIGHT. Small oyster mushrooms sauteed in a super buttery and smooth sauce. Perfect for mushroom lovers. The dish had a salt pepper taste, reminiscent of Taiwanese street food. Soups- The Hakka hot and sour soup is basically like a traditional Chinese hot and sour soup, but with more spices. It's a very thick and starchy soup that keeps its temperature. The sweet corn soup is Chinese comfort food- basically egg drop soup in creamed corn. Also thick and starchy.Chinese bhel salad- this was one of the table favorites as well. Toasted crispy noodle packed into a wide cylinder with spices. It's sweet, but has a bit of a spicy kick to it. The texture is wonderful because it's airy with a bit of a soft crunch. To call it a salad is a bit of a misnomer. I would call it sweet popped rice mound. Sizzling steak- THE OTHER HIGHLIGHT OF THE NIGHT. Not sizzling beef. Sizzling steak. It was so buttery and tender, with the slightest bit of spiciness to it. Honestly, we finished this dish so quickly because 1) it's best hot and 2) it's just the bestLettuce wrap- can totally skip this. It was oddly sweet. I understand that there's pineapple in the meat sautee, but it tasted like a Dole fruit cup wrapped in lettuce. Maybe it would appeal to a more Western palate, but I did not like how syrupy and sweet it was.Hot garlic fish- LAST HIGHLIGHT OF THE NIGHT. If you've ever had Sichuan Boiled Fish (shui zhu yu), you'll love this dish. It's essentially that without the mala stew. It was oh so tender inside with the perfect crispness outside. The fish filet was kind of rolled up, perched on the garlic sauce. Pretty cool-looking, but even better tasting. Not too spicy.Tandoor Kung Pao Chicken- a very interesting take on the traditional Kung Pao Chicken dish. I really enjoyed this fusion dish. I didn't really taste the Kung Pao element in the dish- maybe the sweetness and the peanuts? This dish definitely tastes more Indian than Chinese. I would recommend getting this dish in conjunction with...Hakka Chili Paneer- Saag paneer is one of my favorite Indian dishes. This Hakka Chili Paneer is very different. Instead of a soft cheese, the cheese in this dish is more dry and chewy. On its own, it's lackluster, but combined with the sauciness of the Tandoor Kung Pao Chicken (above), it makes for a powerful combination. I definitely recommend this dynamic duo.Calcutta Chili Garlic Noodles- by this time, we were super full, and it was unfair to this dish to arrive at such an inopportune time. My reaction when I tasted the noodles was "meh, tastes like drunken noodles without the seafood". Indeed, it's a combination of egg noodles with broad rice noodles. When I reheated it the next day for lunch, it was delicious. Think garlicky drunken noodles with garam masala.  The egg waffle dessert at the end was the cherry on the top, with coconut and taro ice cream, pocky sticks, fresh fruit, and fruity pebbles (yes, the cereal). We had an amazing time and our tummies were super happy. You've really impressed, The Chinese Club, and I will for sure be back.
My boyfriend and I came to this restaurant last night and what a disaster! All night we didn't feel good and in the morning i started experiencing all sorts of food poisoning! I feel horrible right now!!!Also the food itself was mediocre! We had better expectations because of the ratting, history of the food and place itself!I hope I will feel better soon!
Amazing flavors! Great service. The waiters/waitress are so nice. If you like spicy, order anything that has it. You won't regret it.
We had a Chinese Club fried rice & a Singapore Maifun.  Both dishes are quite tasty.  And the restaurant is neat with some interesting decorations.  If you are a fan of superheroes, definitely check out the arts on the walls.
Oh. My. GOODNESS. If I could give this place ten starts I would. Usually when I come to Brooklyn I go to the place down the street but they have a grade pending and threw up in my mouth a little and when here. Dear lord soup dumplings superb, spring roll ok but worth it. GO GO GO it's a no brainer.
Excellent drink, fantastic service, an excellent manager running the show and food was delicious we had Aloo chat/ organic salt and butter mushroom/ fiery wings/Crispy chili pepper calamari, everything was delicious. Definitely worth many more visits in the future.
Not sure why it has good reviews. Foods not good at all. Even the fried rice lacked flavor just covered in chilly powder to make it red in color but bland. Chicken was mystery meat rubbery and weird. Wouldn't recommend
The best Chinese I've had in Williamsburg. Familiar standards prepared thoughtfully. Three pepper steak was excellent, as was the hot and sour soup, and a chicken lo-mein. Looking forward to returning.
Traveled from Manhattan to specifically come here and it did not disappoint! The lunch special was amazing and the staff are very friendly. Much more affordable than Manhattan restaurants. Will be coming back!
Just great Indo-Chinese food! For appetizer, we had the fried shrimp which was flavored very well. Even the free appetizer we were given for checking in was really good! For our entree we had the Tandoori Kung Bao Chicken which was more on the sweeter side than spicy, but the flavors were really good. Nothing a little side of spicy garlic sauce couldn't fix. Speaking of which, their side spicy sauces on the table were well made. My favorite dish though was the sizzling chili steak. It is served medium spice but you really should get it "spicy." Though the spice level wasn't enough for me, the flavor was AMAZING! I could eat up that sauce anyday. I was expecting slow service because of prior reviews but that was far from it. The waiters were very attentive and very friendly! We got our food right away. It also was really cool that this restaurant was first established in India in 1914 and now recreated here! It's a must try! ps. The owners also own Laut (which we didn't know before we went here) which is also an awesome Malaysian restaurant.
In the mood for Chinese food with a twist? Then this is the spot for you ! This restaurant has your basic Chinese dishes but with an Indian spice to it. It's much more flavorful and unique. The decor is super cute and fits perfectly with the food. Didn't have reservations for a Saturday night and was still able to get seated and served in a timely matter. But would recommend calling for reservations, if you have a large group due to the amount of tables they have. Check in on yelp to get a free appetizer, they gave us fried wontons. Every dish we ordered was so yummy and had its own flavor, which kept it interesting and they have on the side hot chili sauce and  jalapeño peppers to add more spice to your dishes.  Would recommend this place and would come back
Super small portion, and they don't accept the check in offer. I would suggest going somewhere else. Very disappointed. 30 dollars for two meals that don't even feed a small child it's crazy. No sauces or fortune cookie's.  Do yourself a favor find another place. You will thank me
Had the most delicious meal at The Chinese Club! The food was amazing and authentic and the service was even better! Bebe helped us choose all the right dishes and was so helpful and genuine. Will definitely be coming back!!
Had dinner here with my extended family on a rainy Tuesday and it was relatively quiet. Although I miss Pasar Malam, the food we had at Chinese Club was really delicious and I'm thankful for having another option in this part of Brooklyn where there's a dearth of good Asian restaurants.We started with the money bags and the volcano crab (deep-fried soft-shell crab with cilantro and onion), both were even better with the housemade chili sauce provided on the tables.  Loved the sizzling Manchurian chicken and the coconut waffle was quickly devoured in minutes!
Take the brains behind Michelin star winning Laut - add the modern interpretation of Hakka-Chinese dishes and more and you have The Chinese Club.Just as at Laut - The Chinese Club makes all the sauces by hand - corn starch is not used as a thickener! ABF meat and delicate balancing of flavours is order of the day. Highlights are Beer Battered General Tao Chicken that was so well balanced - sweet, hot and spicy with no cloying aftertaste. Sizzling Manchurian Chicken is a careful balance of garlic, chilli and ginger - it works brilliantly. Starter - Yummy Soup Dumplings - Delicate, savoury 'just right' Peking sauce BBQ ribs - slightly sweet - great flavour.
Excellent service, if your a fan of Hot and Sour soup this is a must. Reasonable prices too.
Chinese Club was the perfect place for a Tuesday night: great happy hour, great food, and excellent service from Jane! I'll recommend it over and over again.
Very flavorful Chinese food! Good atmosphere and great service! Free wifi so perfect spot to grab good lunch while getting some work done.
This was my second time dining here. I highly recommend. The food is to die for and the service is excellent. For sure coming back!! Thank you Jane!!
If you're in Williamsburg and want your tongue blasted with rich Asian flavor, then The Chinese Club is your place! A fusion between Indian and Chinese food never tasted so good. Try anything on the menu. You won't regret it!
PERSONAL HISTORY: Despite being born in the DEEP south, I'm pretty darn Asian (when it comes to food). My parents are even more Asian and growing up as a first-generation Chinese American raised in California meant that I had a pretty sophisticated palate for Asian yummies. My boyfriend is Bengali and moved to the states when he was young. He is so white washed (love you boo) but has a sophisticated palate when it comes to Southern Asian foods. Together, we represent the target audience of The Chinese Club. FOOD: First, let me say that this restaurant is a great step towards fueling my favorite genre of food - fusion! We've been waiting for a Chinese/Indian fusion restaurant for quite some time and I'm glad The Chinese Club is filling that craving! Given our history, we were beyond excited to try this place. We literally came here for date night on "Treat Yourself" day (Parks & Rec) to celebrate our joint heritage. So either way, The Chinese Club lucked out because we were in a crazy good mood. They definitely didn't disappoint but I think the menu lacked a sense of authenticity and innovation. I would hope that each dish would try to fuse the flavors of China and India, but instead, the Chinese Club simply incorporated classic Chinese entrees and Indian entrees onto one menu. Some Chinese entrees were spicier than typical, but I would hardly call that "Fusion." Hopefully future menus will be more creative in truly fusing cultural dishes to create new ones. Must order: Butter Mushrooms appetizer was mind blowing and so good. This was the first thing to hit our table and I have to admit it kind of ruined every other dish for us. My expectations shot through the roof after my first bite and I expected every other dish to be as creative, explosive in flavor, and authentic. Either way, I'll order this every time I come back. Skip: Sizzling Steak & Hot and sour soup. Both of these are classic Chinese dishes that you can find in Chinatown. Although the Hot & Sour Soup is good, it's no different than the kind you can get from your classic Chinese take out. The Sizzling Steak was a bit off. It was definitely overcooked and had a weird liver taste to it, which makes me think it wasn't real steak. VERDICT: Definitely give it a shot if you like Chinese and Indian food. We often order this for take out but it's nice to have both at the same time. Next time, we'll try to order the classic Indian dishes!
#The Chinese Club Special Soup is really good.I got the #Beef Shank Braised in Soy. I didn't care for it much until I added the hot sauces. Then it was better.I'll come back and try something #else. The menu sounds cool.
One of my all time favorite restaurants in the area! It has a very authentic east Asia vibe while being trendy! And even better, the food is absolutely amazing with plenty of vegetarian options.
I  came here on a casual date. The ambiance is bright red with Asian accents.  It wasn't crowded at all so we could hear each other.We had the appetizer (chicken skewers) for checking in which was tasty. Also the lollipop chicken. Its so crunchy! I could do without the sauce that it came with though. My date had the General Tso chicken, I'm not a fan of sweet chicken, but he loved it. I opted for the garlic ginger chicken as per the servers recommendation. It was sizzling hot and perfect balance of flavors. The customer service was very attentive. The server was super nice and friendly. I would definitely return if I am in the area.
Very ambitious chef who craftly designed a menu that combines Indian cuisine and classic Chinese flavor. Nicely designed decor and good selections on the menu. Delicious. Very reasonably priced. Must try the butter chicken. The waffle ice cream dessert is also good.
I wish I could give this 3.5 stars. Server was obviously miserable and made that clear through each interaction with us. Free appetizer through Yelp is only a meat option and not your choice of appetizer....Sesame tofu was great, but next time around I would order through delivery and skip the dining option.
Great food! Great Service! Our server was super nice and gave us honest feedback on the menu options
Tried it for the first time fairly recently! Loved it. Will be back soon enough! Chinese food with a twist and amazing flavors
It was so good! At least the chicken dishes were. It really did remind me of the time I ate Chinese food in Delhi, too. Basically Chinese dishes with a hint of garam masala/curry powder. I had the wings of fire, the kung Lao chicken and the Manchurian vegetable balls. I like vegetarian food but I wasn't crazy about the balls. They were okay and the gravy was too salty. Very one-note. But the seasoning and flavors and textures of both chicken dishes were great! Kung pao chicken with Indian spice is . Price is right.
Had dinner here tonight. Really nice neighborhood option. Must try:Soup dumplings Bhel Puri Mushroom appChicken wingsHakka chickenVery attentive servers and child friendly. Can't go wrong.
Food portions here is quite small and $20 for the lamb curry special which should be an appetizer size dish but it was an entree that was in a tiny bowl which looks kinda pathetic..IMO! Overall food was good and service is great, friendly and attentive.
This place is wonderful. Seriously. We don't venture into Williamsburg (or Brooklyn in general) very much, but this was definitely worth the trip. Each dish was better than the next... and although we haven't been to Asia, the feel inside of here was super authentic. You must try the jumbo shrimp, butter chicken, and the buttery black pepper steak. You won't regret it! #noBSfood
If you wanted Chinese food in our neighborhood, you'd have to suffer greasy, bland dishes served behind plexiglass. NOT ANY MORE.This place is amazing, suitable for every palate. The Organic Butter Salt & Pepper Mushroom dish is a must. I've tried seven dishes and they were all good-- and you can adjust your spice level. I want to try them all.
This place is a GEM! The food is Amazing here! The atmosphere and decor are tastefully orchestrated. The staffs are polite and courteous. Highly recommended.
Good food, great staff, lots of fun. If you're in Williamsburg and looking for a real good Chinese dinner you can't do better then The Chinese Club.
Perhaps this place appeals to people who have never had "Indian Chinese" but I have had plenty of Indian Chinese in the past and this is possibly the worst I've had in NYC.  The Manchow soup is terrible...tastes nothing like it should.  Do they even know the crispy noodles are supposed to come on the side?  not in the soup?  Also way too many eggs in it...just an 'off' taste.  We have now tried a bunch of their stuff over 2 separate dinners and we have yet to find a single dish worth eating OR with authentic Indian Chinese flavour.  Tandoor General Tso Chicken?  Perhaps that tastes good to a meth addict who hasn't eaten in 15 days but to me it sounded interesting but tasted quite frankly terrible.   $6 for stale bhel salad with an avocado thrown in??  Having lived in Wburg for many years we used to dream of the day we would have Indian-Chinese food here so we didn't have to go to queens or Long Island to get it----unfortunately the one restaurant that has opened is entirely subpar...will wait another 9 years for a proper one.
Great food and wonderful service. Love the innovative fusion dishes. The owner stopped by for a chat as well, very friendly folks. Aiming to check out their other restaurant as well.
Great Hakka Style Chinese Food, might be the best in the city in my opinion! Friendly staff, easy take out and affordably priced. The Hakka Chinese food is fantastic, such as the Hakka Chicken, Lollipop Chicken and the Chili Garlic Noodles - but the Indian Dishes are some of the best I've had in NYC. The bhel salad, butter chicken (must)  and the Aloo Chana are all authentic as can be. Plus they don't shy on the spice when you ask for some heat.
The food is innovative, delicious and authentic. The prices are also reasonable. This is one of my favorite spots in Brooklyn.
Awesome decor (Marvel fans will especially love it), food is fresh and most importantly hot. Great mix of Indian and Chinese flavors, definitely one of the most enjoyable restaurants in the Williamsburg area.  The staff is amazing as well!
Shame on the New York Times for giving this place a stellar review. I went with the Generals Tso chicken. I asked for it to be spicy. There was no heat all all. The sauce was just sweet. Not to much of it either. As for the chicken, a dud. Over cooked and the pieces were super tiny. There was so much breading on the meat. My wife had the same chicken with a different sauce. Same overcooked dry duds. I had to take a picture of the inside of the meat. Will not be returning.
Great food, and great place to chill with family and friends!I came here today after eating brunch, so basically i am not that hungry anymore. We started with some appetizers, my favorite appetizer was the Butter Salt & Pepper Mushrooms. It was amazing!! After we finished the food, we order two waffles for dessert and it was amazing too!! It has a lot of fruits and toppings, and it is really worth it! The service was okay. The only downside was the lighting. It was a little bit too dark for me. But overall, the food is amazing and worth it! I would definitely come back!
I got takeout: general tso's beer battered chicken, Calcutta chili garlic noodles, and some sort of special lo Mein. All of it was pretty greasy, somewhat interesting flavors but made my stomach hurt. Wouldn't repeat.
If you love Indian Chinese Food then The Chinese Club is worth a visit. I loved the Chicken 65 appetizer. The Manchow soup looked great but the taste was not quite there. I had the Chilli Chicken entree which was pretty good in my opinion. Portions were decent and overall i would  go there again and try a few more things on their Indo Chinese menu. Bottom line - If you enjoy eating at Tangra Asian Fusion in Queens then you can't go wrong at The Chinese Club
They have wonderful Indian Chinese food. And they have Bira, a wonderful Indian beer.
Went out to the Chinese Club with a small party for dinner. It had a fairly interesting decor with a vibe that was both Chinese with an Indian base and was fairly unique compared to a lot of other places, and was something that I found interesting. In terms of the food, the vegetarian appetizers were fantastic, with a Calcutta bhel and corn pakoras. I've eaten pakoras in many different places and these ranked up there with some of the best. The entrees were very impressive as well, with a nice blend of Indian with what is generally considered Chinese food, and again different from some of the other Indo-Chinese restaurants that I've been to. We got the paneer and potatoes along with the schezwan vegetable and both rated extremely highly. In the end the manager threw in a potatoe manchurian on the house which was really nice of him.The service proved to be excellent, with the waitress extremely friendly, and the manager himself spending time talking to us post dinner (his other restaurants are Michelin star rated), something that we appreciated. Overall it was a fantastic experience and I cannot rate this restaurant highly enough.
First let me say that I had high hopes for this place since it appeared to be a hipster version of a Chinese restaurant which, in my mind, would translate into the use of real ingredients and the provision of a clean environment. This place failed on both accounts. The chicken was rubbery and full of cartilage as you would expect to receive in a typical shitty Chinese restaurant in NY. The restaurant itself had sticky floors all over the place which clearly demonstrates that hygiene is not important to them. It also has a semi-open kitchen in the back that would give any self-respecting foodie pause - the sight of open garbage cans and haphazard dirty dish piles was abundant. If you are like 90% of the public and you do not care about fresh,  quality ingredients or sanitary eating conditions, this place is right for you.
Impeccable service and delicious Chinese-Indian fusion at this address.We had a table right after a movie at Williamsburg cinema without any reservation.The owner is super welcoming and food is absolutely delicious.Awesome date night
I really enjoyed periodically getting takeout from this restaurant. I even recommended to multiple friends in the area. However, I got severe food poisoning last night from Chinese Club. Very disappointed, but I will never order from here again.
Absolutely stellar Chinese/Malaysian/Indian cuisine! Great atmosphere and staff was friendly.  It's rare for a place in Williamsburg to price their menu so reasonably... I shall definitely return again soon!Highly recommended!
Really enjoyed the calamari, it was served with sautéed onions and peppers and was delicious. Got the Manchurian chicken, it was a little salty but better when mixed with rice. The sweet and sour shrimp was really good, big, good quality shrimp. Also got the  calcutta noodles. Interesting flavor combination. Definitely would go back. Pretty restaurant with nice ambiance and friendly wait staff!
Restaurant was completely empty on a Thursday after work.  Staff is friendly, but assumed my Caucasian wife needed a fork, and thought she couldn't handle spicy food.Food overall was tasty and more fusion-y than anything.  It's not the typical Chinese takeout, nor the harder to find Indian Chinese food.  In terms of execution, everything seemed wok fried, but surprisingly not overly greasy.  Flavors were distinct across the dishes, but nothing new or innovative.  Portions seemed a tad small, but pricing is fair.Would go back if we need a Chinese-y kick.
We've been here so many times and the service and food are always excellent. My favorites are the Calcutta Chili Garlic noodles and the Chili Pepper Calamari but everything we've ordered has been great. We love having this restaurant in the neighborhood!
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE the food!!! It's sooo flavorful! I wish I could eat it every day!!!!
"Farm to chopsticks" says owner Stacey. Looking for the best Chinese Food in NYC? Look no further. We had the Beer Battered Gen. Tso's Chicken (American Style) and Butter Chicken, which is actually Indian food. And this dessert? Decadence: the Fortune Waffle composed of Coconut Vanilla ice cream, fresh strawberries, some natural gummy bubble tea treats, kiwi, and chocolate sticks on a bed of warm Belgian Waffles. Can't wait to go back.
I had such high hopes! I really appreciated the unique combo of spices and flavors, but everything honestly tasted like they took the ingredients out of the freezer and simply deep fried it to heat it up. I guess anything put into a fryer is not going to taste "bad" afterwards, I was just hoping for fresher chicken and/or fresh herbs. Would have been 5 stars if that was the case.
Highly recommended place for Chinese in the area, but this place is like a fusion type Chinese food which is pretty cool, they have some really good soup and the duck is awesome, the decor is pretty cool lookingJust watch out for the door, takes a lot of strength to open when you walk in and out of the place,Highly recommend this place and after gotta try out the ice cream shop down the block at -321 Ice Cream shop, flash frozen ice cream right in front of your face cool
No idea why this place is getting such favorable reviews. I ordered delivery, and to their credit it did arrive super fast. They didn't have one of the items i ordered, so someone from the restaurant called me up and told me they were out, and then helped me pick out something else. She was really kind and I really appreciated her assistance.The food however, was horrible. The price is on the low side for a reason. The chicken tasted like it might have been fish. I'm not saying it might have been fish, I know for certain it was chicken. I just mean the quality of the meat was so foul it seemed like it might have spent its entire life swimming around in an ocean. I'm hopeful one day Williamsburg will get a Chinese restaurant that doesn't have MSG and has a sesame/general Tso chicken that will taste so good it borders on a sexual experience. However, this place didn't even come close to making me draw wood. UPDATE:Woke up the next day after eating delivery from here and I feel violently ill.
We found this place from wechat advertising. When we get to Chinese club this place used to called pasar malam. Advertising picture look better than actual food, the special lamb cost $20 and only few piece of lamb and the rest of the food is not what we expected it.
Service:I was very disappointed. I asked for my app and meal to come out together, yet the meal came out 20 mins before the app. The servers never checked on me to ask about the quality of the food. I had to raise my hand for more water and the for the bill.Food Con:My HK style crispy noodles came out drenched in sauce eliminating any crispness.The xioa long boa all stuck to the bottom of the steamer.Food Pro:The portion sizes are large, so it's better if two people share a meal.The flavors are ok. It's not bad, but I don't think it's good.
Nice vibe, good food and really great prices.The hot and sour soup is good and their alcohol is priced really well. It's an upscale cheap eats with tasty food
Amazing food- so flavorful and great service! Pleased vegetarian daughter and the rest of us carnivores. Really vibrant decor to match the delicious food. Can't wait to go back!!
Disappointed in the food. Beef was exceptionally tough, and it was the worst parts of old time Chinese American cooking.
Loved their desi Chinese!!! This place is a god sent for all the Indian (desi) Chinese food lovers. Their menu boasts a variety of items and their food portions are great for the price. I am definitely coming back here to try more of their food. The purple yam kulfi with the coconut waffle is a must try dessert. The staff is super friendly and really nice people. Loved the whole experience here.
Nice pleasant setting. Truly excellent UNIQUE tasting food at very reasonable prices. The Chili Chicken is fantastic, and I am going to always get an order of it "to go" whenever I come back here. Lollipop chicken is a very big portion and the batter is spiced so perfectly, the spicy mayo it comes with is not needed. The Kung Pao Chicken is very good, it's light tasting, in a mild sauce. The coconut waffle with ice cream is good, but not great. Waitress filled up my water glass many times.
Amazing food!!!! Delicious everything was great. The drinks came in different glasses and were fantastic. Must try the Indian fusion Chinese dishes. Chinese food is very big in India and I'm happy to have this cuisine in my neighborhood. Spicy and flavorful. The interior was also cute!! Loved it. Will be back again!!!
Absolutely horrible experience. I ordered delivery and got the sweet and sour pork. I bit into one piece and it was almost completely all bone. So I put it aside and thought "oh well these things happen." So I tried another piece and it too was all bone. Then another, then another. Over half of the meat on my plate was inedible. Isn't the kitchen supposed to separate meat from bone when deep frying things? Not only could this have caused damage to my teeth, but also I paid for a meal that I could not eat.
They didn't set a delivery minimum on grubhub and having ordered only one item. They called and said they were unwilling to deliver just for "one soup". If you didn't set a minimum, don't give me that excuse. Set it up better like other businesses do, waste of my time. Questionable service. You can dine in but don't bother ordering online.
This place is excellent.  We came with 6 people, tried a variety of seafood & noodle & veg dishes.  Definitely get the whole fish - whole Bass fried/sauteed in different flavor combos.  SOUP DUMPLINGS. mmmmm.It was interesting to have the Indian/Chinese hybrid food.  YUM on the flavor profiles.Huge shrimp in the shrimp appetizer dishes.  Fresh squid/scallop in the seafood fried rice.Also, interesting beers by the bottle & on draft.  All native to East Asia/India/Japan.Highly recommend this spot!
Let me start by saying I almost never eat New York's Chinese food. I really wanted spicy noodles and I found Chinese Club on seamless so I decided to order the Calcutta Chili Garlic on a whim. This place is definitely special. It was so good!! I got it with seafood and it came with shrimp and cuttlefish. Delicious. While I kiiiind of wish it was a little spicier, I see that the other reviews mention spicy sauces inside the restaurant and I suspect that would've given me the kick I was looking for. But honestly, the flavors were excellent and the noodles weren't greasy at all (the reason I avoid typical Chinese food). Looking forward to my next visit!
Excellent meal, great value and highly attentive staff. We ate to our hearts content for under $30 (2ppl, had leftovers). The music was great, it's beautifully decorated and fun. Just the right level of spice. This will definitely become a go-to spot for us...
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Williamsburg! The entire staff is exceptionally nice and the food is out of this world. I have been here twice and will absolutely be going here again. I highly recommend the "Butter Salt & Pepper Mushroom" appetizer and the "Butter Chicken" - my mouth is still watering! SO good!
Was somewhat disappointed when they closed our favorite Malaysian spot in the burg but it's still the same owners and the food is still delicious so I'm happy. Good prices super friendly service and awesome food. It's Chinese but not gross cheap Chinese it's really flavorful and uses high quality ingredients. Plus left some of the old Malaysian/Thai on the menu. The owner came to our table chatted us up and hooked it up with free dessert. It's presently cash only but I think that's going to change. Overall fantastic spot highly recommended.
I've grown up eating "Indian Chinese" which I will mention is very different from Indian-Chinese fusion. I've now eaten at/from the Chinese Club 3 times in the past 2 weeks and had two very different experiences. This rating should actually have been a 3.5 stars, but Yelp doesn't offer that option.The Chinese Club's menu does both Indian Chinese and fusion. I ordered(take-out) the Haka Chili Chicken and was very impressed. The green chilies make the dish spicy and not just Hot. I would highly recommend this. Reminded me of eating the same taste as I remember from growing up in India...This past weekend I also went in for a sit-down meal and was disappointed. We ordered the Garlic Chicken, American Chop Suey and The Drums of Fu Man Chu. All three were average at best. In the American chop suey the crispy noodles to curry ratio was completely off... Basically a few bites of chicken for every couple of mouthfuls of noodles. The Fu Man Chu appetizer arrived after our main course, and was not seasoned well. The Garlic Chicken was good, but again I expected more flavor. Other notes: The overall service was not great(our waitress forgot our order 2ice and came back to ask) but I think they are still in their first month of operation so it's too early to judge- hoping for improvement over the next few weeks/months. My seamless order from them was delivered very quickly. Prices are great for the portion size- our sit down meal including 2 beers was around $40, good value. I'm not giving up on this place yet, if only for the Haka Chili Chicken.
This place is amazing and an absolute gem. The drunken noodles and tandoori kung pap are both great, but the recently added Hong Kong Soy Sauce Chicken Rice is out of this world, and as good as the chicken rice you'll get from a hawker in Singapore. Highly recommended.
Amazing food, excellent prices, and lots of vegetarian options! We ordered the steamed vegetable dumplings, sesame tofu, calcutta chili garlic noodle, and a dessert of waffle with lychee ice cream. Everything was tasty, fresh, and unique. The wait staff was incredibly kind, professional, and genuinely excited about the food.
OMG !!! So good !!! Im not big on Chinese food but Im so over Sea Thai Rest & decided to try this place. Ordered the sweet & sour chicken, chicken skewers & their fried rice w/ chicken. Totally beyond my expectations.
Amazing meal at Chinese club! Definitely try the bhel, Manchurian, butter chicken and deserts (both were awesome, fried ice cream and an assorted one). Great job! Very highly recommended.
Great service and delicious food. We were seated right away at 8 on a Saturday, there was attentive service and the food came quickly. The battered general tso was delicious, as were soup dumplings. The décor and atmosphere were great as well. Will come back!
So lets start out by saying they fixed whatever issues they were having with their delivery. A bunch of spazzes were giving this place a 2 star review because their food was arriving late. Fine. But some people want to know what the food actually tastes like. The answer is, its delicious and very unique. I think this place and redbowl are the only two spots with great tasting chinese food with this place taking the cake since everything is very different, a spin on what youre used to ordering. The tradeoff is these places have smaller portions than those cheaper street spots where a dinner size combo is enough to feed an entire family. Its just the right amount of food, for one sit-down.
Food is 5 stars without question. Delicious Chinese good with an Indian flavor. Not greasy or over cooked as some Chinese food can be. Really unique and extremely well done food. Knocked it down one star bc there was zero ambience. Granted it was a Wednesday night but still. Hardly anyone there and restaurant played slow music to make it seem even a bit more sedate. Might be different on a weekend night but set up seems like it's not conducive to it. That said, food is great and service is attentive so still a solid recommend.
We ordered dishes along with desserts and they were both good. The Indian Chinese cuisine blend was an interesting concept but the different tastes created a delicious taste. The waffles were one of the best I've tried so far in New York.
I can understand why there are some mixed reviews, I've had dishes here that are lackluster (Hong Kong pan fried noodles) and dishes that are outstanding (Calcutta chili garlic noodles), but I have to give 5 stars for the drunken noodles alone--the best I've ever had.
Everything is great!  The food is delicious , decoration is cute and the services is awesome! Recommended
