Rahi has a really modern/trendy vibe and it's perfect for date night or even a group of friends. We randomly strolled by yesterday and decided to give them a try. The restaurant packed shortly after we arrived which is a good sign haha. I've recently started to get into cocktails (I typically prefer whiskey on the rocks) and their Devils acre is UH-MAZING. It's bourbon based and definitely in my top 5. Food: for appetizers we got the chili paneer and the pork belly. The paneer was a little spicy but the cherry compote complimented it really well. The pork belly was cooked perfectly! It was so soft and tender it melted in your mouth, but the sauce was a little overwhelming and salty for my taste (flavored were spot on so I still devoured every last bit). Now for our entrees. The waitress recommended the ink crab and the banana leaf chicken which were SUH GOOD. The chicken thigh meat fell off the bone and the sauce was light and flavorful. The soft shell crab was deliciously friend and the mango curry paired perfectly. We were super happy with our dishes and ridiculously full hahaService: ok SO the only issue we had throughout the night was the delay in getting our entrees. We don't typically get to worked up about waiting, but this definitely took longer than usual... We realized this when a few tables who ordered after us were halfway if not almost done with their entrees before we got ours. So why am I giving them 5 stars? The server reassured us that there were some mishaps in the kitchen and we're pretty understanding. After we got our meals, they brought us a round of drinks on the house to make up for the long wait and gave us dessert on the house as well! I want to thank our waitress and the man I'm assuming is the manager for everything.We'll definitely be back again!
Forget about all of the clichéd Indian dishes you are familiar with and think of when you hear "Indian," some of which are actually British, or Americanized Indian. The ones that are truly Indian represent maybe 1-2% of India's wide variety of dishes. So if you're curious about that remaining 98-99%, come to Rahi. This is authentic Indian, and that means you probably haven't tasted most or almost all of what's on their menu. As a vegan, I don't always expect to have a lot of options, but Rahi had a couple of inherently vegan dishes and were quick to suggest simple modifications to other dishes to make them vegan. I had all of them and was blown away. My dining companion is Indian, but not vegan, and raved about his dishes too. We had a few of their mixed drinks, and they were lovingly crafted, both beautiful and delicious. This would be a lovely place to come and enjoy a drink or two, if you weren't necessarily in the mood for dinner. The interior design is clean, modern, and yet warm and cozy with flattering lighting and beautiful materials everywhere you look and touch. Without exaggeration, I've visited at least half of Manhattan's Indian restaurants -- Indian is my favorite cuisine -- and I couldn't call any of them truly unique, inventive and authentic. But Rahi is all of these, and that's what makes it really special. You owe it to yourself to visit at least once, and you'll likely plan to become a regular too.
I took a good 10 minutes to think from where to start this review! The one work that comes to my mind is PHENOMENAL! The chef has done a great job bringing out the indian flavors that most indian places miss. It was a prefect place for a friday night dinner with friends. The ambience is really cool. Everyone there is so welcoming and warm!Lets talk food! We started with the appetizers, we ordered the chili cheese toast, not a saag roti and paneer tikka. All of them were so good, I couldnt make my friends wait till I click pictures for you guys here! The chili cheese toast took me down the memory lane to m days in India, the not a saag roti was a very innovative twist on basic saar roti and the paneer tikka, sounds the same as you would have anywhere else but the addition of that tangy sweetness to the paneer was surprising and delicious.For mains, we went for the lotus root kofta and Kaffir Lime Dhokla with Booti waali naan and a side of Dal Rahi. The kofta was cooked to perfection, the flavor was rich but not too heavy, loved it! Kaffir Lime dhokla was an excellennt spin on the every gujarati mom's dhokla recipe. And the Booti waali naan is a naan with different herbs and every single bite you could literally soak into the aroma of those fragrant herbs.Dessert was a whole another story, the thandai chocolate mousse had such an amazing thandai spiceness cutting through the sweetness, never thought such a combination would work and the you cheesecake bites were flavorful, soft and pilowy. We were personally greeted by the owner of the restaurant who was very pleasant to talk to. He also introduced us to the chef who was extremely polite and modest. Kudos to the chef for such an AMAZING job!
The food was really good , we have been looking for good indian food for awhile as it seems to have disappeared from downtown and this hit the spot, albeit with a modern twist, particularly in plating.  My favourite dishes were the pork chops, the eggplant was classically made and perfection, the chettinad octopus taste matches the cool plating in a coconut shell, and the lamb shepherd pie.  The artichoke and banana leaf chicken were ok but not remarkable.  The service was also excellent, detailed description of all dishes , customized timing of plates arriving to our wishes.  Other servers said hello, generally a friendly environment.  I wish the main dishes were $5-6 cheaper so i could come more often, but this is the west village and the food was excellent so at least you get what you pay for.  I will be back.
Incredible! This new restaurant is a gem. Went here on a Saturday night with two friends. The drinks are perfect and the door is simply amazing. This is elevated Indian food in the best way possible. Not to mention the great decor and very attentive staff.   My favorites: eggplant, lamb chops and octopus.
New restaurant! - don't confuse it with the previous occupants (Tapestry). We almost did; they're clearly still in soft opening.We tried several of the small plates, cocktails, and dessert.  Careful presentation, edible flowers and precise portions.  With the exception of the cocktails (they still need some tinkering)  everything that came out was delicious.  Also pleasantly light and ingredient-forward for NYC Indian (and yes I'm including modern Indian restaurants in my comment too - even the likes of Paowalla/Pondicheri can be heavy/powerful in their saucy execution, delicious yes, but too much for everyday). We'll be back. Husband is still raving about the cheesecake-inspired dessert with rosewater crust. Tip: plates are small - order several dishes.
I spent a lot of time in India and I love the NYC vibe/music with authentic cuisine. Large bar area, amazing food, gluten-free mousse cake.. perfect for dinner or after dinner cocktails and dessert
Went to Rahi's soft opening yesterday and loved every bit of it!  Called artisanal Indian , each dish has a handmade and authentic touch to it! The lamb shepherds pie took me back to my grandmother's kosha mangsho, and the pitch black inked crab may look terrifying but is the most exquisite in the mango curry . The food is organized by three categories that revolve around the time you need to spend enjoying the meal. In a NY minute, at ease and leisurely! Most are shareable and intended to be mixed and matched to get your own experience traveling through food from different parts of India - The murals on the wall really caught my eye and it turned out to be done by sheryo and yok! Contemporary patterns taken from traditional windows all over india adorn the walls along with adorable and quirky characters. Overall amazing experience and I'll be back!
Amazing! Worked with Roni to set up a private dining brunch for my birthday. Roni was easy to work with and helped me in creating a custom menu for my friends within my price range. The staff on the day of the event were also attentive and awesome, no one had an empty cocktail glass for the duration of the 2 hours. And last but not least, Rahi had some of the best brunch food in NYC. Everyone in my party will back for brunch/lunch/dinner....
Rahi was absolutely phenomenal. From the service to the food, it was absolute perfection. So many of the dishes reminded me of my childhood; yet a modern twist was incorporated into each and every dish. My family and I are huge foodies, and it is safe to say that Rahi is one of the best and most thoughtfully curated menus. Recommendations: paneer tikka and chettinad Octopus.PS all drinks are amazing too!
First time ever trying indian food and gotta say its great so far ! The bartender Omar is amazing and his knowledge and mixology skills is subpar ! Gotta come back plenty of times just for that guy ! Incredible service and very warm feeling being in here. See you guys soon , Freddy Gamez ;)
Super lovely and delicious! We went here tonight for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed our meal. We started with a cardamom margarita and a sandalwood smoked old fashioned. They were lovely--nice, clean, and well-crafted. Then we had the eggs (yum!!!) and the paneer (omg so good) appetizers. We couldn't decide which was yummier and would totally have both again. For the main course we had the shepherd's pie and the lamb chops, along with some booti wali naan. The naan was so so so wonderful--I ate 3 of the 4 pieces. The shepherd's pie was delicious but I think next time we'll get something with more prominent Indian flavor. The lamb chops were very yummy and though it doesn't look like a ton of meat it's very satisfying. And the salad with it is just excellent. Service was lovely and attentive. We will be back!
I knew from the minute I walked by this place I was going to fall in love with it. Beautiful decor draws you in, then the friendly staff, and you stay for the food. The kind of place you could stay for hours with drinks and apps and meals and desserts. Definitely do come by if you are a foodie and want to have a good time!
I really enoyed the food here.  Wonderful flavors.   I  loved the uniqueness of the food but maintaining authentic Indian tastes.  The duck, octopus, and crab dishes were excellent.  Services was exceptional.  Coctails were well though out.This is definitely the kind of restaurant you can go to on a regular basis and not spend too much.
I had the tumeric latte and avocado smash with poached egg. My friends ordered the chicken and waffles, omelette, and eggplant, with the iced chai and margaritas. The avocado toast, eggplant, and chicken and waffles were really good. The egg was ok. The drinks were universally excellent. If you're hungry, though, order the big dishes because the small plates really are small!
Superb new place and fabulous take on Indian cuisine!We absolutely devoured every delicious plate from the appetizers to the main. We tried a variety of dishes recommended by our server. All were delightful. Each dish is very distinct and memorable from paneer tikka and the chettinad, to the tulsi chicken and the inked crab. We will definitely return and try to save room for dessert next time
What an incredible dining experience! Our waiter, Jose, was so passionate and informative about everything on the menu. We were not sure what to order so we decided to follow his lead and loved every bite along the way! We honestly could not decide on our favorite part of the meal! We started with several appetizers which included the Sunchoke Vada, Paneer Tikka, Eggplant Bharta and Tulsi Chicken. We loved all of them so much that we decided to top off our order with the Inked Crab...one word, WOW! That was a great way to wrap it up! But wait, there's more! Jose was so sure that we would love the cheesecake so we decided to splurge and we were so glad we did! The entire staff was so welcoming and attentive, but not overly so. We will definitely come back as soon as possible and highly recommend this to everyone we know, and also to those we do not!
I'm not really a fan of Indian Kitchen, but I wanted to give it a try. Surprisingly the food was very good, surrounded by a good atmosphere and customer service. The two girls waitresses helped a lot with choosing a good appetizers to start my brunch with, also the bartender is a very nice guy who makes the best Bloody Mary (Meera) I ever had. So, We had a chili cheese toast, an eggplant bharta and an achari avocado toast, these three appetizers were perfect to start my brunch time! the manager is a good talkative man who demonstrated me everything due to my lack knowledge of Indian cuisine. We finish our meal with an egg paratha, uttapam waffle with avocado and shepherd pie. We will totally come back to this place. As well as the music and the ambiance was perfect.
AMAZING! I've been to an innumerable number of brunch places in Manhattan and I can say without any reservation that this is now in my top 3 favorites. Check in on yelp for the free mango Lassi shot, I'm not normally a huge Lassi fan but I had one of these and had to go back for seconds. I split the chikki French toast which is raclette and berries over French toast. It was out of this world, not to sweet the way French toast can sometimes get. For the entree I split the shepherd's pie. It blew my mind. Cheesy goodness over cumin flavored lamb. I keep saying this but I'm not normally a huge Lassi fan, not a huge French toast fan and finally not a huge lamb fan. This restaurant does all the FABULOUSLY. It just goes to show that it's not the ingredients, it's how they're prepared. It's 3 dollar signs but it's really not that expensive, comparable to most other brunch places in the west village. Do yourself a favor and come here. You'll find yourself coming back time and time again.
Simply outstanding. My boyfriend and I had just finished a 5-hour, somewhat-trafficked bus ride and we were starving. Being vegan, it takes some creativity when it comes to finding viable restaurant options. We looked around and found a couple, but they either suffered from million-item-menu syndrome or needed a reservation. Walking up the street, we stumbled upon Rahi. A glance at the menu had us a bit trepidatious, but we thought we could make something work. We were seated immediately, tea-light lit, water served. Excellent atmosphere! After looking at the menu a bit more, however, it seemed it might be more effort than it was worth to stay. We considered leaving, but then: "What's this?" We noticed. "Let us know if you have any food restrictions and we will do our best to accommodate you." We stayed, and I owe it entirely to our amazing waitress, Yessenia. She recommended a couple of options which could easily be made vegan-friendly, and we went for it. Whatever you do, vegan or not, you must get the edamame artichoke and eggplant bhartha starters. I have never before tasted anything so flavorful and crisp -- just thinking about the artichoke dish now is making my mouth water. They had placed a small piece of charcoal on top of the bhartha which seemed potentially carcinogenic to the uninitiated, but it gave it a complex smoky touch that I'm still daydreaming about four days later. We then split the mushroom and truffle khichdi and proceeded to rave about how amazing these flavors were for a full hour. I made a yelp account specifically to leave a raving review for this restaurant. If you're in Greenwich and are looking for a nice Indian place with flavors that will have you questioning the validity of anything you have ever eaten before, you must go.
Elevated Indian food, every dish was authentic and delicious. The food brought us back to our time in Mumbai. Staff was friendly and attentive. Food came out quickly. All the recommendations were spot on.Could not recommend Rahi highly enough.
The best Indian food I've had since India. The dishes have really great depth, the cocktails are to die for, the service is spot on. I'm sitting here waiting for my dessert, and I can't help but get on Yelp and review them right now!
I am Indian. I love Indian food. I have lived in Britain for 10 years and in New York for 5 years. I appreciate the subtleties of preparing an interesting menu for a cosmopolitan clientele that wants intriguing fusion food. This just did not hit the mark. I have been to its former self (same space, called Tapestry), same mistakes, same issues. I'd say - don't bother. Haphazard service. Mediocre food. I feel like this place was doing western food with an Indian twist - a theme that has many, many superiors competitors. Indian restaurants should focus on doing Indian food with a western twist.
Wonderful atmosphere, fantastic service, the best service we experienced in New York. The food is not your traditional Indian flair, try banana leaf chicken or the ink crab. The owner Ronnie is engaged and attentive. I highly recommend Rahi!
Great food. The service was absolute garbage. We arrived, a party of four, were seated. The server dropped menus at our table, then came back over, yet didn't take our drink order. I had to flag him down to get an order in. He clearly had no idea what was even on the menu, as I asked for a glass of the Austrian white wine, and he was very confused. I pointed it out to him on the menu, but then I later noticed that it was the ONLY Austrian wine on the menu. Throughout the night our table experienced so much confusion with wrong plates, drinks, and it also took ages for our naan and rice to come out, which came finally after asking three times, and after our main dishes had gotten cold. For such a hefty price tag, the service absolutely ruined the evening for us. The portions were minuscule, which I expect from fine dining, however, I at least expected the service to be decent. We had five different people come to our table, and I'm not exaggerating. Our server seemingly disappeared after the first couple of interactions, and was replaced by another person, but without any explanation. When our check came, it was wrong, and took another ten minutes to get it corrected. I absolutely do not recommend going here, and I will never be back. Get it together, Rahi.
I returned recently and just as last time the food was great. We had garlic naan, Kheera on the rocks, lamb chops and a few other sides as well as a cheesecake dessert. The kheera appetizer was a highlight - from what I could tell it was thinly sliced sheets of pineapple sitting upon cucumber, all steaming above rocked ice. It was strangely refreshing and might work as a dessert even. Staff were friendly and entertaining as always and it seemed far more organized this time around. I most likely caught them on an off night the first time - this visit felt like a different restaurant.
One of the best Indian meals I have had in a long time!! We went with a big group! We order around 75% of the menu and everything was outstanding! The banana leaf chicken and black ink soft crab are a MUST but everything is pretty great! They took really good care of us- we will be back soon! Well done!
Fabulous! The atmosphere was cool, the service was attentive and friendly. The cocktails were excellent, and the food was truly spectacular. Every bite we had was something we'd never had before. The Edamame Artichoke Chaat was executed so well...roasty sweet-and-sour goodness...The inked Softshell Crab was so unique and so tasty. And the Banana Leaf Chicken was moist and tender and richly coconutty. Walked out of there with such a happy tummy...can't wait to return!
One of the most memorable recent meals I've had in Manhattan.  Fantastic food, drinks and service. Our table wasn't quite ready when we arrived so the hostess comped our group a round of drinks, all of which were delicious. We ordered half the menu and everything we had was amazing. Highly highly recommend.
Just tried their BRUNCH and it's been absolutely delicious!!!! Many classic dishes reinterpretation like the french Croque Madame (here called Madame Jai) or the Shepard's pie (Dalhousie), they all exceeded our expectations (I came with other foodie friends and try out different dishes).The drinks were also an incredible surprise, we tried the Bombay Bellini and the Cardamom Margarita, refreshing and delicious.The service was spot on, the manager Leonardo was funny and knowledgeable, you can ask him about what's fresh at the moment.Needless to say it's one of my new favorite brunch spot in the city.
This place was a delight. My favorites at this place are Banana Leaf Chicken, Daal and Mishti Doi Cheesecake.Mishti Doi cheesecake are simply out of the world. The service and the ambience get my five star also. I am definitely going back.
Went here Monday night (July 3rd) with my husband to celebrate my birthday. He picked Rahi as a unique place that could be a fun departure from the usual. He was right.The staff/management were all very warm and welcoming which was so nice. The restaurant was very clean and had great ambiance. I loved the lighting and decor. It's nicely done and you feel like it's a place you want to spend time in.I felt the menu had a nice array of offerings that all sounded good and unique. It was very hard to decide what to get. Our waiter Albert (who was exceptional) made some recommendations and gave us feedback on some of his faves. So we decided to try a couple of dishes that he raved about. For an appetizer we shared the Not-a-Saag-Roti (Albert recommended) and it was delicious. The flavors mixed together so well and it was nothing like I'd ever had before. Both my husband and I were crazy for it.My husband went with another Albert recommendation for his main dish and got the Inked Crab. This dish was out of his comfort zone as he has never tried anything like it. I've also never tried anything like that before. It was so insanely excellent words cannot even describe. He also got a side of basmati rice which worked perfectly with his meal.I got the Juniper Berry Lamb Chops which were perfection. It came with a seasonal salad that complimented it perfectly. The flavors of the dish were so on point. They were the best lamb chops I've ever had. We shared a Booti Wali Naan bread (of course recommended by Albert) which was also delicious and blended with our meals very well.For dessert I had a type of chocolate mousse and my husband had a yogurt type of cheesecake. Both were wonderful. Sweet but not overly sweet..and unique. Not heavy at all. Really the perfect ending to an exceptional dinner.Rahi is fairly new and is such a find. It's not your usual Indian cuisine. It's creative, fresh, unique and incredibly delicious. Our night was more than a meal...it was an experience. And by the way I never write reviews like this....it's pretty rare that a place has me gushing, but it was that good.Thank you to the staff for such a lovely meal and welcoming. I hope you have many years of success and happiness.
Go here before it gets Michelin starred and too expensive. My time at Rahi was beyond fantastic--I have not had this memorable of a meal in the past year. It has also been a while since I've had Indian food that not only reminded me of my childhood in India, but did so with a flair and panache that is generally absent in Indian cuisine. Every. Single. Dish. blew me and my date away. I got the vegetarian tasting menu and he had the regular tasting menu. The chilli cheese toast is a no-brainer. If you know about and have had amul cheese before, you will know that they have mastered this dish. The edamame artichoke chaat is a foray into fine dining that maintains the zest and intensity of Indian flavor--also highly recommend. I had the kaffir lime dhokla and felt like I was having comfort food, but extremely well-done and surprising at that. I can't wait to go back and try the other veg entrees. Still thinking about my dinner from last night....
Unexpectedly great. Not a single dish was a miss, and only a few were anything short of utter hits. Plus, the service was excellent and incredibly accommodating to our group, both as we made repeated changes to our large reservation and in providing us with lots of options (and a few freebies!) as we ate.We tried a huge number of items:- Kheera- Eggplant- Edamame Artichoke- Paneer Tikka- Chili Cheese Toast- Achari Paneer Tart- Dal- Saag- Seasonal Vegetable (Broccolini)- Kofta- Garlic Naan- Tomato Naan- Booti Naan- Mishti Doi Cheesecake- Various cocktails: sandalwood old fashioned, bachcha, Juhu daquiriand some in my party had- Inked Crab- Banana Leaf ChickenI think the artichoke was an unexpected standout. The broccolini was one of the best renditions I've had and even the more classic items - eggplant, dal, saag, kofta, were all excellent and unique enough. The naans were a bit crispier (and oilier) and less fluffy/yeasty than perhaps many people seek in an indian place; there was a somewhat smaller number of vegetarian/vegan mains than might be expected at an Indian place (but as you can see above, no shortage of options at all) and at times the service, though unfailingly polite and gracious, was uncoordinated.Those minor points aside, this place was a hit. It's the kind of place that has you thinking about coming back before you're even out the door. Highly highly recommended - most of the "high end" and/or "fusion" Indian food in NYC has disappointed me thus far, but this gem on Greenwich is the real deal.
Artisanal in intent and content. Incredible take on traditional Indian food. It truly is a journey through food and their creativity is amazing! Definitely worth checking out.
This place is amazing. No other way to describe it. I almost didn't want to write this review for fear it will become discovered and impossible to get in. The food is very inspired and unlike any Indian cuisine you will find in NYC. My favorite thing was surprisingly the ink crab. I typically shy away from softshell crab, but this was WOW. The owner is great. The chef even came out to greet us and present the food. Lastly, the bartender was awesome and made some really innovative drinks. Go here, and quickly before you can't get in.
Great cocktails. Banana leaf chicken was melt in your mouth fantastic, the flavor was indescribable. My meal came very quickly. Unfortunately my husbands did not. Something obviously went wrong  or the order was lost. However the bartender (we sat at the bar) was very apologetic when they realized and took took very, very good care of us while we waited. Mistakes happen. My husband had the duck which was well worth the wait. Will recommend to our friends who haven't been. Loved it!
Love this place. The food is AMAZING. For someone like me who prefers non-traditional Indian food, this place has exactly what I love. The staff is so nice and courteous. The ambience of the place is also very warm and welcoming. The owners are the best people! Highly recommend! Must try: Tulsi chicken, Paneer Tikka, Seven mushroom khichdi
If you want to know what is served as nourishment in Heaven, dine at Rahi. The entire experience, from staff to chef de cuisine to drinks, will make you fully appreciate the concept of graciousness.
Adventurous, delicious and beautifully served Indian food. A real step up from the usual Indian restaurant selection of lamb/chicken/fish/korma/dansak/biryiani/. Great service and awesome cocktails. Highly recommended.
Every dish we tried had amazing flavor.  The only negative was that we felt a bit rushed. We had barely finished our appetizers and our plates were still in front of us when they brought out our entrees.  I am looking forward to going back and trying out more of the menu.
Really good place I recommend it !!The nans are one of the best I have eaten. The staff is attentionate. I had the best soft shell crabs !
Love love love this new restaurant ! Starting from when you first walk in and see the murals on the wall to when you take your first bite , Rahi really transports you to journey across India. The chili cheese toast is so nostalgic and brought me back to my childhood days with the very first bite. Highly recommended is the Dalhousie shepherds pie, cheesy creamy goodness!! But my absolute favorite thing about rahi is its BRUNCH! The madam ji is the new avocado toast , every basic bish can kiss their basic brunches goodbye because Rahi's brunch is good enough to make anyone go YASSS! Would definitely recommend to anyone and everyone !!
Innovative dishes, impeccable service, and there is genuine thought and care that goes into every aspect of the restaurant. Each dish was an experience, cocktails are great, staff is knowledgable and kind. All around wonderful!
Pros: very sincere staff, great decor, drinks are amazing-kudos to the amazing bartender Cons: Absolute worst avocado toast I've ever had the misfortune of laying my eyes on. Just imagine expired white bread that's so over toasted, it crumbles with a gently touch. But wait, it gets "better". The quality/consistency of avocado is similar to that of baby food in a jar! In addition, as the restaurant's brunch and dinner menu had some overlap, we asked for a chicken dish evidently only served during dinner and the chef declined to accommodate his only patrons. Thank goodness the taco shop was near by!
This restaurant was fantastic in all aspects. The service was great. The hostess was kind and welcoming and even suggested we sit at the bar for happy hour prices (on a Friday night what a pleasant surprise!). The cardamom margaritas were delicious and the bartenders were kind and helpful. The food was so flavorful and unique. It was almost like molecular gastronomy meets traditional Indian. The artichoke appetizer, banana leaf chicken, and inside out chicken with cream cheese naan were all so delicious. The manager checked on us multiple times and was so genuine and kind and told us how they came up with the concept for each dish. The bartender even gave us mango shots on the house which were so yummy! They are definitely doing service and food right!
Phenomenal restaurant. My hats off.  My friend Jack Andolini recommended this place and he knows NYC restaurants.  The food, atmosphere, service, and lamb chops!!  Very unique, very indian, very very delicious.  Cheesecake desert even had a special Indian twist.  A true gem
One of the best brunch places i have been to. Indian fusion.  Recommend shepard pie and french toast
Arguably one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to in NYC! Delicious food and great service! Everyone from the host, to the wait staff, to the managers were extremely hospitable. We went for the Diwali dinner and everything hit the right spots. You'll be licking your fingers!
Fabulous spot.After a troubling experience with a reservation at Babu Ji - I took my entire design studio to dinner at Rahi.   They were not only very accommodating but gave us a private room for our annual pre-production dinner.Everything was delicious - and not to be missed are the octopus, egg roast, inked crab, and insided out chicken...   ...can't thank our waiters and the owner enough for ensuring we had a wonderful evening.
Great presentation and interesting twist on food. The Madras egg yolk was delicious and free mango lassi shot with a Yelp check in.
Chef tasting is amazing and filling! The staff is willing to let you enjoy the ambiance and food, but if you want to engage with them they are more than happy to take your experience up a notch. The amuse bouche arrived in fog to set the pace for the meal. Sweet chili paneer had balanced sweet and heat. Artichoke chaat is a must. The charcoal eggplant bharta was a richly fun experience. Next up entrees, the mushroom kickiri with booti wali naan (and hints of lavendar) are a great pair. Great use of mushrooms with the kichiri, almost like a risotto. Also, the paneer kofta paired with cream cheese naan, fantastic (thanks, Leo). Served with the entrees were an incredible spinach saag and the dal rahi is much better than your average dal makhani. The dessert finale was incredible especially the mishti doi cheesecake. Lighter than a typical cheesecake but creamy with a hint of rose. Definitely eat the coconut cream pakora in one bite, so worth it. It's not too sweet. The chocolate mousse is perfect. The bachcha cocktail paired well with dessert, nicely balanced and Rahi makes their orgeat in-house. The server, Marie, was really kind and genuinely excited about the food and Leo, so generous.
Adding an update here for their brunch menu. Wow!! Chicken and waffles: YES. Lobster salad: YES. Madrasi egg roast: YES YES. And make sure you get the Chikki French Toast. Masala chai is a win, as are their breakfast cocktails. Rahi never disappoints.
Fresh new twist to Indian cuisine. Great flavors and new choices vs the typical naan and curry. I would have given it five stars but the food was rich and did leave me feeling a bit heavy. Definitely would recommend this place
I want to give this place ten stars! We've been three times, and every single thing we've had, from appetizers, to entrees, to cocktails, to dessert have been absolutely amazing! The service is also great. One of my favorite restaurants in NYC, period. They also have a happy hour with 50% off delicious, craft (upscale speakeasy quality) cocktails!
Great food and attentive service. Docking a star for dessert.Garlic Naan--most flavorful naan in the cityLobster--could have been tangier but tasty neverthelessTulsi chicken--great simple dishDalhousie lamb--delicious hearty dishEggplant--smelled amazing and was tastyChocolate mousse cake--the chocolate wasn't sweet enough and the accompanying sauce was a distraction. Not well executed.
Amazing take on Indian food.  The madarasi egg roast stole the show..one of the most unique dishes I've had!  The uttapam waffles were just as good.  Service was impeccable and definitely coming back soon!
I love right around the corner from this place and I can hands down say it's one of the best restaurants in the village. The food is excellent, the drinks are great, and the hospitality of the staff and the owner is wonderful. Would highly recommend the artichoke appetizer and the lamb chops as a main course.
Better than any Indian food I've ever eaten. Mouthwatering flavors, thoughtful presentation, charismatic staff; bartender Omar, Klara and a magician as a head chef. Leo the Manager runs a welcoming and ambient environment, it's not only worth trying - it's worth trying again!!
I stopped in for a happy hour drink; the cocktails were excellent. We also tried the cheese toast which tasted a bit like paneer bhurji paav-- it was really delicious. The space is well decorated and it looks like they have a private party room in the back. I'll definitely be back for dinner!
My partner and I were very big fans of Tapestry, which used to be  in this location, and which we miss badly.   The owner, however, stopped us as we checked out the menu one night, and chatted us up.  We decided we'd give it a try.It's a useless exercise to engage in  "it's better/it's not better" than the prior restaurant.  What it is, is different.  And it's terrific.  I read some of the negative reviews talking about small portion size:  I don't know where that came from, we were lucky to finish.  In fact, our server wanted to make sure that we were hungry, because he didn't want to see us order too much food:  we had appetizers, mains, some naan, and rice.  Where to begin?  The artichoke/edamame was amazing and interesting, and the eggplant appetizer:  OMG.  I grew up hating eggplant.  If I had eaten it like this, I'd love it even more.  It comes in this cute preserve jar, that is just a bit too tall, to run your finger around  to get what's at the bottom (NOT that I did that....).  Then we had Shepherd's pie, and lamb chops.  Now, one of the things they do here, which I loved, but where you may disagree, is that the large amount of fat you always find on chops, is removed before service.  Hence, you may think that you're getting skimpy chops.  You're not.  And I got six.  Yes, SIX.  For 28.00.  The Shepherd's pie was like no Shepherd's pie I've ever had:  this is NOT a refuge for leftovers from other dishes.  The tomato/basil naan was like pizza.  It really was.   And looking around, all I saw were happy people, many of whom were eating the chicken in the banana leaf (next time).  They comped us on some cheesecake,  because "you HAVE to have this."  Now, I am not a cheesecake fan:  this is not your typical cheesecake.  Again, forewarned:  there is rosewater in it.  One of my faves, not everyone's.  It doesn't mention rosewater on the menu, so you gotta know. Only critique, and it's a basic one:  I was going to get fish and chips, and it refers to  "catch of the day."  I asked the server.  He gave me the name of a fish, in Arabic, and said it was from Dhubai.  HUH????   Later, I told the owner, and he investigated.  No, it was mahi -mahi.  How one got to the other, I don't know.  With the exception of that minor glitch, we had a great meal.  Yes, we're coming back.
We had a great meal here. Lovely space and very nice staff. All of the dishes we ordered (artichoke chaat, chettinad octopus, banana leaf chicken) were delicious and beautifully presented. Dessert (mishti doi cheesecake) was a real highlight.
The cocktails are awesome!!! Perfect for the summer! The bar tender offer us special drinks with fresh and creative drinks! Recommend Bachcha& Watermelon + orange  oh one more thing, try the cheese cake! Very special!! U will be impressed!
I had my birthday dinner here a few months ago.  I hate writing reviews but just had to tell yelp what a bad experience this was.  Service was terrible.  Food was underwhelming.  You expect Indian food to have a lot of flavor.  We ordered many dishes and most were very bland or had too much salt.  We were a party of 5 and an appetizer we ordered (eggplant dip of some sort) only came with 2 pieces of naan.  Even if it was just 2 people sharing it they would need more than 2 pieces of naan.  This was their way of getting up to purchase more naan and increase the bill. The waiter was new and couldn't answer basic questions about the food and the manager was lingering over her the whole time making her even more nervous and kept interrupting her.   The worse part was the bill.  We explained how to split the tab evenly between 4 cards (wasn't difficult).  They couldn't figure out how to work the machine or something.  The server and the manager took 30 mins to sort the bill and the place was pretty empty.  We were very nice during the whole process but when something like this happens good customer service is to send a round of drinks, a dessert, etc - Thats how smart managers do damage control, but they barely apologized.  They knew it was my bday dinner too.  If they had been nicer about the whole thing I wouldn't be writing this review.
I had been searching for a new Indian restaurant to try in New York, and I was lucky to get a friend's recommendation for this spot, which has been open for only a month! The food here is outstanding. Think of your favorite Indian dishes, and then rethink them so that they feature the best of regional seasonal ingredients. Batata Vada becomes light & crispy Sunchoke Fritters, Saag Paneer is accompanied by sweet onions and goat cheese, and the Baingan Bhartha gains truly bright tomato flavor. At this meal, I was eating all-vegetarian, but the meat and fish entrees also looked great, and I will have to try them next time.Don't forget dessert! I especially enjoyed the cheesecake, which is really more of a tangy custard. It's flavored with rosewater and berries -- yum!Service was very good overall, consistent with what I would hope for from an upscale-but-not-break-the-bank restaurant in Manhattan.
Rahi is as far from typical Indian as Masa is from a supermarket clamshell California roll. Flavors are inventive and interesting, and everything we ordered (chili cheese toast, tamarind pork belly, inked crab, and inside-out chicken) was fantastic, with attentive service. Look forward to going back and eating our way through the menu!
Rahi was amazing, delicious and very innovative twists on regular indian dishes. Everything we tasted was delicious and had the most amazing flavors, Its great to see an Indian Chef create Indian food with a completely new way to pair with ingredients such as Artichokes, Chorizo etc. Everyone one in our group loved all the dishes.My personal favorite was Mishit Doi cheesecake, made with sweet yogurt. I highly recommend Rahi and its definitely on our list to go back.
They had me at "Sandalwood Old Fashion" - once inside my tastebuds were in for an adventure. They had vegetables, spices, ingredients and techniques one wouldn't come across or even imagine for that matter when you think of NYC Indian cuisine. Compliments to both the chef and the barista. And Ronny, humble host - who saw their innovation and potential and how it would co-exist with Rahi.
Food is exquisite and amazing. My second time at Rahi was as amazing as the first. The food on the menu is excellent and it is obvious that each dish on the menu has been painstakingly thought about and created with an artistic flair, the flavors of each dish come together beautifully. Portion sizes are perfect. Special shoutout to our server Jose who was incredibly warm and informative and made the entire dining experience even better. Will definitely visit again!
The get ink crab, weekly special saag and dal with garlic naan. The owner and chef greeted us, which was a nice touch.
Horrifyingly small portion sizes. The salmon was $26 for maybe 3oz of salmon with a squirt of curry on it. The $14 "Not-a-Saag-Roti" was a 3x3 inch cube of cornbread cut in half with some curry smeared in the middle.A "side" of saag was $7, there appeared to be about three tablespoons of curry, without exaggeration. Naan is typically marked up in Indian places but even a plain one was $5. Rice is $4 (so we went without).We paid about $50 each and left hungry, going to a nearby slice joint to finish our meal.Apparently the owners of the old restaurant in this space (Tapestry) closed because of high rent, seem like Rahi is compensating for that with price gouging. Food was pretty tasty and the service and ambiance were nice.
If you need authentic Indian tastes, this is the place you should go to. You won't get your run of the mill Chicken Tikka or Dal Makhni, but the intrinsic tastes of anything you order on the menu is so true how food is cooked in India. It has the harmony of the spices in the right amount to go with a modern ambience. I can highly recommend having the Specials on any given night. We had the Vada which was incredible. The inked crab on the menu is delicious as well. If you need the right ending to your meal, you can't really miss the Mishti Doi Cheesecake. It's incredible. It's a 5 star through & through!!!
An amazing experience! Food was excellent. Delicate, flavorful, creative.7 out of 10 dishes we ordered were absolutely delicious (between appetizers, entrées and dessert). The other 3 were very good but not as the others.Cocktails were exciting twists of classics and the service was outstanding.Definitely a place to go back.
Great food. If you are going for Indian food, you may not find this one what you had in mind but it is a must try. Delicious. Indian fusion. Great presentation and our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu.
This restaurant is gorgeous. I have to make special mention though of the hostess who is named Nadira. What a friendly woman. I was passing by and was taken by the look of the place from the outside, so I stopped and looked at the menu and she came out to give me more info. Such a gorgeous and friendly woman. As she explained the menu, I was asked to come in and that led to a delicious Mango Lassi that was provided to me by another awesome person named Leo. I wound up ordering an appetizer to go and feeling like family. I will go back in the very near future for a more relaxed experience. Check this spot out asap!!!! By the way, even the bathroom was cool. Amazing...
This is, by far, my favorite restaurant in the city. As an Indian and a foodie, it is so wonderful to find the cutting edge of Indian cuisine. With a menu that touts a journey through the best dishes from across India and beyond, but through a New York lens, as the owner describes, is a magical culinary experience unlike any other. The charcoal flavored eggplant, cheese bread, lobster tail, octopus in a coconut bowl, fish and chips, papad tray, and every other dish on the menu is an exquisite balance of Indian cuisine that embraces local elements. It is at first surprising to find an Indian restaurant that doesn't offer a curry, but soon thereafter a liberating experience that allows you to truly savor and enjoy Indian food brought to you in a very fresh and new modality. Make sure you save room for dessert!! Oh and the sandalwood old fashioned is a must!
I've been twice and both times have been quite lovely. I had a watermelon cooler (non-alcoholic) which was so refreshing and tasty. I ordered this chicken dish with a puff pastry and mint chutney. Soooo good! My friends got the salmon and fish of the day dish which was super tasty too. The owner came by and introduced himself and his vision for the restaurant. Really nice guy. Service was great. I love Indian food and I love their modern take on it here. It's all the great traditional tastes but with New York ingredients and I find the dishes less heavy than traditional Indian cuisine. It's great!!
The place is over priced and portions are very small. Being a British Indian, my frustration with New York is that nobody does good, affordable Indian food. This place was ok, not great, $200 for dinner for two people with average food. I probably won't come back here
This is the easiest 5 star review I have ever written. Rahi has delicious and different food, fragrant and a little spicy, and nothing like we have come to expect in NYC. For example, the octopus app is served in a light curry sauce with a charred lemon! And it's tender. Lamb chops were perfectly cooked and fragrant with spice. My friend called them heavenly but I only gave her one bite! Delicious cocktails. I also must comment on the extraordinary staff, friendly, helpful, and just wonderful. They will guide you to the best dishes to suit your taste. Rahi is a gem!
We arrived at Rahi around the peak hour and it took our server a little longer than ideal to get our table ready which wasn't a big deal at all. But the server and the restaurant manager went above and beyond to make it up to us and made it a really great experience. We'll definitely go back. It's refreshing to see such great customer service in NYC.
We had an excellent Sunday dinner at Rahi in the west village.  My wife and I happened to be in the neighborhood and decided to step inside and have a seat at the nicely lit bar.  Inside this white brick restaurant the atmosphere, both modern and exotic felt very sleek and inviting.  When I mentioned I like rum and pineapple the bartender recommended a pineapple infused rum, aka liquid gold.  We started with two signature cocktails and then tried the pistachio lassi shot which were all delicious.  The unique indian flavored dishes began with charcoal smoked eggplant with wisps of smoke billowing from it, a butter nan, local greens and chili cheese toast.  It was followed with the most moist, tender chicken, baked in banana leaf, surrounded by fragrant rice and coconut curry; my favorite dish so far.  Next, we chose the inked crab; a soft shell crab blackened by squid ink, and served with a flavorful coconut sauce and mango curry.  This is a uniquely delicious dish that complements the crab with blended spices and tropical flavors.  To finish we enjoyed a creamy yogurt dessert that reminded me a little of cheesecake, but much less dense and flavored with rose water.  The staff was knowledgeable about each dish and also attentive.  We thoroughly enjoyed our meal and will definitely return to sample the other dishes.
Not your Curry Hill variety! Finally, an Indian restaurant with an imaginative menu that exudes joy in the regional flavors it brings to an eclectic but uncomplicated combination of Indian inspired meat and veg. dishes. Their thematic intent extends to the bar - try the "Bachcha", a gin, lime, rosewater concoction garnished with toasted pistachios, this is an experience. While plates can veer towards tapas vicinity, you leave satiated.
You must come here now. The creative take on Indian food is really amazing. The naan bread is remarkably flakey, the lobster dish was like nothing I have ever eaten, and the eggplant was a singular masterpiece. I would say this is a new classic waiting to be discovered.
Thoroughly enjoyed Rahi from start to finish. We love Indian food and used to frequent Tamarind however they turned us away recently because we have an infant-which they'd previously let us dine no problem) but that's a different review. At Rahi they welcomed us and even helped put our stroller out of the way and when we left carried it out front for us. Gracious. We would never sit with our child behaving in a loud or otherwise disruptive manner in a restaurant, and it's never happened. Thank you for being inclusive to families. The food was excellent, we tried several items from cucumber with dehydrated pineapple to duck curry, "shepherds pie" and my favorite- the inside out chicken. The naan was pretty good but I really missed the traditional cilantro sauce and/or chutneys that accompany most Indian dishes-(it's on the inside out chicken though) The wine list definitely needs work but they are a brand new place from what I understand and perhaps that will come in time. All in all the it was great and we will absolutely be back. Great service, delicious food, nice to families it's a win all the way around.
My favorite server is Vi. She goes above and beyond to make sure the customers have a wonderful experience. What delicious food. How great!
This place is amazing!!! Just started a brunch program - get the lobster. Roni and his team make you feel like the center of their attention. The dishes are so thoughtful. Been here for dinner too and wow. Chicken so yummy. Chai wow! Also the bar program is so inventive. This place is a really cool mix of traditional Indian with mixed flare. FULL of FLAVOR!! Great for dates with the sexy cool ambiance. Leo the manager greeted us at the door and we felt so welcome. He's pretty much the coolest guy you'll ever meet. Ask him for a recommendation as they adding to the menu all the time.
Went there on a friend's recommendation. Had reservations through Resy. Table was ready so seated immediately. Good scotch selection and cocktail list. Decided to go with the 7 course tasting menu. We're told that includes 5 appetizers, 1 main and a dessert. Food quality was excellent and inventive. Not the same boring Indian food. Service was very good. Water glass never went empty. All dishes were served simultaneously and explained to us. They accommodated a vegetarian and a no dairy diet. Only thing I pointed out at the end to the manager (who was very attentive) was that we got only 6 courses. We were quite full and he was very apologetic. Our bill was adjusted and we left satiated and happy. I would def try this restaurant. Cuisine is modern Indian. Flavors are spot on and the owner will come say Hi. Vibe is good, big bar.
The place is beautiful and as is the presentation of the food.  The staff is wonderful. The food is interesting but the portions are very small.  It is a very calm, relaxed atmosphere.  We sat for hours and never was rushed out and the owner came over to make sure that we were happy.  I would recommend but not if you are super hungry.
This is an outstanding restaurant. The spices and flavors are out of this world. An Indian restaurant that takes you through every imaginable taste experience. The ink crab was my entree along with many small dishes like an octopus mousse and edamame artichoke chips. Oh - also a good value. Wow!!
Rahi is an absolute MUST if you are looking for an elegant evening out on the town with friends and family. The food is all beautifully prepared and flavorful. The staff and service could not be more gracious and efficient (special thanks to Nino and Albert for their diligence and friendliness during our meal). Overall, one of the most memorable dining experiences in NYC and looking forward to returning to this hip and creative eatery.
I went the day after this place opened and was really impressed. I was expecting kinks that usually come with new openings, but the food, service, and atmosphere was all fantastic. Loved every menu item that we tried including the banana leaf chicken, various naans, and the eggplant bharta. Loved so much I'm bringing out of town visitors there this weekend!
the banana chicken was bomb!!! and all the cocktails were delicious. highly highly recommend this place to anyone - will be back
