Hands down my favorite Indian restaurant. I've come here twice, each time did not disappoint. I think people are hesitant to try Indian cuisine, but if you're a fan of curry and spices, you will love it! The restaurant is dimly lit, fitting for an Indian restaurant. The waiters are friendly and provide excellent service. The first time I came here, I got the lamb vindaloo, which is extremely spicy (I have a good tolerance for spicy food) so beware! It gets really overwhelming towards the end. The second time, I got the chicken tikka masala because everyone raved about it on Yelp, and it was sooooo good. Not too spicy, chicken was tender and really hit the spot! The garlic naan is a must; perfect for dipping in your curry. The samosas are also really good as an appetizer; comes with two per order! The calamari is not traditional calamari, it's drenched in a sweet/sour sauce and the individual rings are really big! A platter of rice comes with the table and your entrees, and they will happily give you more if needed!They also have an extensive wine menu! Prices average from $12+ per entree.
So I finally got a chance to come here and boy was it worth it. I've never had Indian cuisine and I was excited to try this place out. The decor in the restaurant was very nice and elegant looking. My friends & I came here on a Thursday evening around 6ish and there wasn't much people there which I liked. We were able to talk & hear each other. The food was great. Everything we had was flavorful & had good spice. They greeted us with complimentary appetizers & I don't know what it was called but it was tasty. We even ordered more of it. I ordered the potato samosas, which was flaky on the outside and had a potato filling on the inside. For our entrées, I ordered the chicken tikka masala & lamb vindaloo & the garlic naan. All of our entrées came with rice & sautéed cabbage. We enjoyed everything, seriously so good. Really happy I came here for my first Indian cuisine experience.
If you're looking to dine in an Indian restaurant around the area, this is the place to go! I've been to many Indian restaurants, and only two seem to taste authentic. This is one of them! I'm a huge fan of dining in restaurants close to where I live to keep the neighborhood businesses going. Whats the main dish everyone eats at an Indian restaurant? Chicken Tikka Masala! Theirs is delicious! The restaurant isn't very big so the service is extremely attentive and friendly.
Disgusting worst service.. We order 5 menu items for 5 and after some time came and asked us if u want order any more and $15 per head. How could they change their mind in mins.. For Indian food lovers dont ever try to step in this restaurant...
I've been here only a handful of times, and I must say that I do like it here.  When you walk in, the ambiance is soothing.  While looking at the menu, they serve you papadum, crisp lentil wafers served with cilantro and tamarind chutneys.  Always good.The last time I was here, I ordered the:- Chana Masala sauteed chickpeas & onions in tamarind sauce- Shrimp Vindaloo shrimp cooked in red chili simmered in spicy masala- Mango Lassi- RotiCan't go wrong with these dishes.  I've also ordered for take out:- chicken tikka masala- Aloo Chana potatoes & chickpeas sauteed with tomatoes & tamarind- naanAll entrees are served with rice.  For the handful of times that I've come here, I've been really satisfied with both the food and service.  I do recommend coming here.
We come into town once a week to see my grandma in queens. This is almost always where we end up. It's delicious, reliable, quiet, and the staff and always very friendly. A great place. Rare to find such a gem! We will be back next week.
Best Indian food ever!Good prices! Good service!  The food isn't too spicy.  If you're sensitive like me you can handle it. Beautiful decor! I've had chicken and she curry, delicious.  Samosas, delicious.
Great food, great service, great everything. I've eaten at several Indian restaurants but after coming here several times and always loving it, I'm sticking to this restaurant and highly recommend it!!
~$12.5 for 1 order of vegetable samosas (2 in an order) and chicken tikka masala lunch special (includes tax). Got it to go and only needed 10 minutes before I can pick up. Fast and delish and good portion. I am now so very stuffed! The food is pretty tasty. The chicken tikka masala comes with rice, a tub of yellow cabbage (i mixed it with rice and ate with the curry. Love the extra veggies! 5 nice sized chunks of chicken (breast meat) in the curry. It was mild and not at all spicy (I love spicy food though). There was also a tub of dhal - not sure how to eat it but I had it as soup - a tad too salty for my taste, but again appreciate the extra fiber. Next time I'll try their regular chicken curry which is just $6.95.
I loooove Indian food, but why is it so expensive?! I usually get take out from a small place near me in flushing, but I've wanted to try this place for a while. The restaurant is dimly lit and clean. I went with a party of 3 on. Friday for lunch around 2pm and the restaurant was completely empty. We were tempted to start slowly backing out, but I convinced the others to stay. We were immediately given some flat crispy chip textured stuff called papardum with a green type of chimichurri and a super spicy chutney. Both were good and my mom became hooked on the light crispy papardum and even asked for 2 more refills (and one to go). Our waitress, Ara was super attentive and friendly. We (over)ordered the samosas, one of each flavor (beef, chicken, and potato). Each one was deeelicious and freshly made. You can tell it wasn't frozen from a mass producer. We also got the lamb curry lunch special that was less than $8 and came with rice and cabbage, chicken tikka masala, cauliflower and potato, spinach with paneer, with a side order of garlic naan. My mouth just filled with saliva when I typed garlic naan. It was amazing! My boyfriend and mom, who aren't even fans of Indian food loved everything. The icing on the cake was when a male waiter placed our dishes down using a clean cloth napkin so that his hand wasn't directly touching the plates! Yes, I'm a bit of a germaphobe, but it's the little details that count! Actually, the cherry on top was the complimentary dessert of rice pudding they gave us. I'll definitely be back when my cravings hit again.
"This spot is the money" is what my friend would say, haha. This isn't my first time here, but I wanted to make sure I really liked this place, I happen to love Indian food. Great food in a great neighborhood. Ayna Agra has a very good vegetarian selection. Service was on point, servers always came around to check on us, but never in a annoying way, haha. I had the Aloo Chana and the garlic naan. The portions are perfect and the price is right.If you're deciding to come here or not, just do it. (Like Nike says)
My husband is a big fan of Indian food. We found Ayna Agra through Yelp sitting in a car and wondering what we should order for dinner. The reviews led us to take a look at their menu. We ended up ordering the Chicken Tikka Masala and beef samosas. My husband loved every bit of it. The Chicken Tikka Masala was creamy and the beef samosa has its flavors combined with delicious dipping sauces. Now, we're just wondering why we haven't heard of Ayna Agra since we live in the neighborhood. The inside of the restaurant is pretty cozy, warm and welcoming. It definitely won't be our last time here!
I love the dining atmosphere! The wait staff is super attentive and friendly. While pondering our order (I pretend to ponder as I really know what I want LOL) a snack was brought out. It was like a light thin crispy sheet like chip with a green sauce and onions in a spicy red sauce. I like free sides so I dug in and they are light enough to eat before a meal. The sauces were onight's dinner consisted of Bombay calamari to start off, followed by garlic naan (a MUST- you'll thank me), chicken tikka masala and lamb curry. The Bombay calamari was 5 pieces of large calamari rings that came with mango chutney (super sweet imagine like spicy sweet). It was good and probably wouldn't get it every time but I'd recommend if you're looking for a small tasty app to share. The garlic naan as always is addictingly delicious OMG. The chicken tikka masala was a tad sweeter than I remembered or maybe I'm getting older *tears* it was still very tasty and satisfying. The portion looks small but is actually really filling! Put rice with the chicken on a naan and you got yourself the perfect meal :D the lamb was also very good and had a more grown up taste that I liked as well. My bf enjoyed the lamb curry more than the masala even though he has a bigger sweet tooth than me. We also had complimentary sides of lentil soup and shredded cabbage and carrots which were both really good. I was surprised how the cabbage almost tasted like a Chinese shredded cabbage dish. It was a good balance to our protein heavy dinner. O and mango lassi is love. I love the change in flavor from dish to dish. P.S. I tried to eat the meal with my hand only and it was fun :3
My usual: The vegetarian Indian dinner special. You get (2) veggie samosas, (4) lentil & onion pikoras (nice heat to them), any vegetarian dish, soup or salad and finally a dessert for $16 bucks. Can't beat that! Btw, in my pre-vegetarian days, I LOVE their beef samosa. They are the best I have ever had.
Had the Chicken Tika Masala and it was delicious! I wish it was a bit creamier, but the mixture of the sauce, chicken and rice was amazing. I also had their garlic naan, plain naan and mango lassi. It was my first time having Indian food and it blew me away. Their naan was slightly oily/buttery and it was soft and fluffy. The mango lassi was smooth and oh so delicious. I have nothing negative about this place. The prices are reasonable, the waiters were super attentive and the food was amazing. The samosas were also soo good. This is sure to becoming a favorite restaurant of mine! Love, love love.
Most of the food came out cold - to medium hot.We ordered the vegetable samosa and the middle of it was cold.  The chicken tiki.masala and channa sag was def just lukewarm.  Some of the chicken was really hard to chew and some of it was easy to chew.  The side of vindaloo sauce came out cold.They sent out our garlic naan a good 5 mins before the food came out so that became cold as well.The service was ok, and the ambience was ok.I don't think I would come back.
pro: garlic naan, unlimited rice, tasty curry and masala con: service takes too long rating: 3 Beckys out of 5 Tomson#omg
As someone belonging to a family that doesn't like Indian food, this restaurant is an amazing addition to my neighborhood. I ordered some Tikki Masala for a takeout dinner and received one of the of better indian meals i've had. The sauce had a carefully curated balance between the richness of cream and the savory tomato flavors. I've seen a lot of Masalas that fail to keep the chicken juicy, but this place was able to excel in maintaining the plump chicken flavor.If you like naan, you should try their Garlic Naan. Their Naan is soft and the subtle garlic flavor adds a strange addictiveness. I look forward to seeing what other great indian cuisine i can find here.
I think most Indian places are good so if you're in bayside and craving Indian, come here!First of all, the place is decorated like a fancy upscale restaurant and has a faint scent of spices that gets your stomach excited. I was ready to eat. They start you off with these thin paper like crackers with a few different sauces. My favorite was the green one made from cilantros. I liked it so much that I kept eating with my naan bread. I got chicken tandoori and it was GREAT! what I liked most was all the other little things they give you with the chicken. You get these yellow cabbages and lentil thing that was so flavorful I finished both with my rice. Not gonna lie, I liked my side dishes so much that I couldn't finish my chicken. Mind you they give you pretty much a whole chicken - thighs, breast, wing, drumstick. It was a lot of food but it was good as leftovers too. My waiter was great at keeping tabs with me, but didn't overstep. I was having a pretty serious conversation with my friend and he took notice. We probably were there for two hours but he didn't say anything. THUMBS UP
If you like Indian food, look no further!!!  This place is highly recommended!!!  The food is absolutely delicious and the service is impeccable!! Very attentive and definitely service with a smile!!  Very satisfied and will definitely be coming back!!!
I ordered take out from here when I was in the area and while some things about the food were fantastic, others were mediocre.For two people, we ordered:- potato samosas (came with 2)- lamb korma main dish (came with small rice)- okra main dish (came with small rice)- 1 garlic naan- gulab jamun dessert (came with 2 pieces)As others have mentioned, portions were on the smaller side. Usually for the same price and comparable quality of food, I have left overs. The lamb korma was fantastic, but left us each wanting a few more pieces and dipping sauce for our naan. The pickle that came on the side was also excellent with the okra.I was disappointed they they did not include tamarind sauce for the samosas and the gulab jamun was actually some of the worst I have had.
I've only ever ordered takeout from here so I can't speak to the dine-in option but carry-out is always great! It's ready in a timely manner and includes a lot of yummy little extras like dhal and cabbage. It's a bunch of food so the entrée is usually good for two meals. The waitstaff is also really nice and accommodating.
As frequenters of local Chinese, Japanese, and Italian restaurants were in the mood to try something different for dinner.  We hedged our bets on this place, based on the yelp reviews and it was absolutely delicious! For a Saturday night, the place was not crowded, and the waiters were very friendly, attentive, and helpful in describing the food selection.  The food was tasty, and not too overwhelmingly spicy, which suited me just fine, since I do not really enjoy too much heat, rather a more robust flavor.  I ordered the lamb Rogan josh, which was just heavenly.  It was so good, after the meat was gone, I kept finding things to put the sauce on!  Others at the table ordered lamb korma, and lamb dahn shaagb which they all also enjoyed thoroughly!  Be sure to order some naan bread with your meal- you will want to soak up the extra sauces with it!  Portion sizes are moderate, and prices are reasonable.  Dress is fairly casual, though I wouldn't do jeans and sneakers, maybe jeans and better shoes.
Stopped in for their business lunch special - $6.95-$7.95 Monday thru Saturday 12-3:30PM.   All the lunches came with Basmati rice, dhal and onion relish.I ordered the chicken tikka masala and nan LOVED IT! My boyfriend ordered the lamb curry and cheese nan and was very satisfied with his order but they messed up on the nan - giving him garlic instead of cheese. My sister got the chicken curry and it was only okay in her opinion.Bottom-line: LOVE the fact that there is FINALLY an Indian restaurant in Bayside and that it doesn't suck =D
GREAT FOOD. The food really hits the spot when it comes to authenticity and flavor. However, on my two attempts for them to make a dish VERY spicy for me, it wasn't AT ALL. The staff is very elusive...extremely poor service.
The food was delicious, and the portion sizes were just right.  The place looks the part.  They tried to seat us in 2 different places - first by the front door & then next to a screaming baby.  We got lucky on table choice #3.  It was not busy (Mother's Day), the wait-staff seemed utilitarian for their own sake rather than for us.Dinner for 2 with a shared appetizer.  A glass of wine & a beer.  2 entrees.  2 servings of naan.  $51.05 not including tip.   A fair price. We will definitely eat here again.
My boyfriend and I LOVE Indian food. On any given weekend we're driving to Jackson Heights, Glen Oaks, Port Washington or headed to 6th St or Curry Hill for a fix. But REALLY GREAT Indian food has come to Bayside and it's at Agra!I was here twice opening week and of the dishes I tried, none disappointed.  Curries were packed with flavor but neither too heavy nor too thin. Samosas were light and flaky, not greasy or doughy.  Shrimp were plump and juicy, chicken was moist, mango lassis were a perfect balance of sweet and tangy.  I'm still salivating over the thought of their Keema Pea Curry, because this Indian restaurant also serves beef!  We put Agra among the best of the places frequent.Attentive service and nice decor round out the 5 stars.  Now if only they would open a weekend buffet...Edit: Dropping this from 5 down to 3 stars.Since writing the above we've been back to Agra several times, and we've noticed they struggle with service.  On Valentine's Day, our order came out 45 mins after stepping in (we saw our waitress run in our ticket after another noticed we hadn't had any food) and ended the night listening to the waitresses complain about their babysitting mother, pained feet, and "just wanting to get out of there"... we did too, only it took 30 mins to get our bill.The food is still solid and we still do take out, but have decided after too many poor services not to dine in again.  Prices also went up so sometimes we wait out the work week and get our fix at Diwan in Port Washington.  Shame, we were so excited for a local Indian spot and they did a lovely job renovating!
For me there are three main elements to an outstanding dining experience;1-Food/cleanliness  2-service  3-atmosphere, in that order. As for #1, WOW!!!!!!!!#2, the service is as good as it gets ( I know, I was a server once) and #3 Anya Agra is warm and inviting, authentic in decor and music, and thoughtful, right down to the freshly cut flowers on every table. Best Indian restaurant in Bayside.
Spooky quiet on a Sunday afternoon.  We were the only ones there for the buffet.  But the food was delicious and they made fresh naan for us which was a bonus.  The place is located on a somewhat quiet street in a somewhat quiet neighborhood so they may not get many customers which is too bad since the food is pretty darn good.
Came here with a couple of friends and it was my first time trying Indian food. Our waiter was nice and patient with us and kindly explained everything when we had questions. I had the chicken masala which was really good. My friends enjoyed their food also and we left feeling satisfied. I would recommend this place to anyone in the area. The decor is homely also.
My sis and I ordered takeout from Agra since it is around the way and we had been wanting to try it since it first opened. Here's the breakdown:Appetizer Assortment: the samosa was flaky and tasty, the pakoras were crispy and seasoned nicely.Chicken Tikka: very flavorful and chicken was not dry. I prefer the meat to be more moist than this but definitely was still good.Vegetable Kurma: I really enjoyed this dish. Just the perfect balance of curry and coconut milk, neither flavor dominated and the vegetables still had some bite to them.Partha and Naan: both were good. There are varying options of naan - onion, garlic, coconut or raisin. We had the garlic which was good but not the best I've had - probably because the garlic was raw. I prefer it slightly cooked so you can taste the garlic oils in the bread.Mango Lassi - never met one I didn't love and this was no exception :)Bottom Line: I would definitely go again to try other dishes. The price is ok, a bit on the high side for Indian food, but not exorbitant by any means. It is definitely authentic, good Indian food.
The decor is nice and it appears like a good restaurant. Waiter service is attentive, but the quality of the food was just "meh." I asked for my dish especially spicy and had a side conversation with the waiter about how much I enjoyed spicy food. When it arrived, it was so the polar opposite of spicy that I didn't really eat it. I asked the waiter if this was considered spicy, he said "no," and then just walked away. They didn't adjust the meal or take any steps to have a better experience. Despite the fact that its more expensive and a little fancy, I think I'll stick with the Indian place down the street.
Food is pretty good here, nice ambience and good service. Samosas and naan were cooked well with a nice crisp but could have used a little more flavor and seasoning. But a nice find for bayside. Would go back.
Boyfriend and I decided to have date night here. We walked in around 6pm on a Friday night. Place was pretty empty. Waiters seated us and served us right away. Service is really great! Everyone is so polite. You get chips & dips as starters. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and my boyfriend got the lamb. We also shared a naan. Though the chicken was kind of dry, we both still enjoyed it. Especially because we dipped our naan into the masala sauce! The cabbage and lentil side was nice, too. Overall, we really enjoyed our meal and even had some leftovers. Definitely order the naan! Excited to have a good Indian restaurant I can go to. Will have to try their business lunch special soon.
I had the "business lunch" fish curry. Delish and inexpensive.
Really good food, finally a family friendly tasty indian restaurant in the area! Horrible service though, they need to hire more ppl in the kitchen and on the floor as our table and the ten around us all seemed to be waiting waiting waiting. Will try again but for now only 3 stars. Also, the combos are a bit strange, it states its for three people but only has two desserts and two coffees or tea.
I will not be returning here.Portions were very, very small. Ridiculously small that I had to fill my hunger with drinking water once all the food was gone.
Great Indian restaurant in Bayside!! Yaaaay!I got the business lunch, even though it was Saturday, and that made me really happy.  The food is tasty and the decor is tasteful and authentically Indian with a modern, clean twist to it.   One complaint is that I'd have loved to see a large sized Taj beer on the menu, instead of the small one.  But if this is my only complaint, then you know it's a good place!
Such a nice space and even better food!  I'm not sure what happened with Susan but when I went to Ayna Agra, the complete staff was SOOOOOO nice!  The chef even came out to our table to help us decide what to order.I loved the lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala... their paratha bread mirrors the delicious one from their sister restaurant in the city.  I've told my friends who live in Bayside to try Ayna Agra and they all continue to order from here.  I'd definitely suggest it to you, too!ENJOY!
i came here for date night with my boyfriend, i honestly loved the experience. really good service & place had a nice ambiance. dimly lit with candles & exotic looking decor.tried a bit of the classics: samosas, chicken masala, naan, and a veggie curry.all really yummy, but for authentic indian food i would definitely go to jackson heights. definitely not bad for bayside though!
Excellent food. And prices are legit. Service is 5 star. Food is fresh and garnished with fresh ingredients. Really good food really good service and the restaurant is awesome. Live.music
You can easily miss this little restaurant while driving down Bell Blvd since it has such a small store front. I had seen the Grand Opening signs some while ago but never got around to trying it. I was pretty excited about an Indian restaurant opening in this area since it seems the only time I get to have Indian food is in the city or Jackson Heights.At first we were a little skeptical and unsure since the reviews on Yelp were really mixed. First impression walking in was that the restaurant was actually really clean and nicely set up. There was only one patron there but we figured we would try the lunch special since it was under $10. They were also offering a lunch buffet for $12 but considering that business was very slow i thought the food might not be as fresh plus we didn't want to justify overeating to get our money's worth.I ordered the lamb curry special ($7.95) and hubs got the chicken tikka masala  ($6.95) the lunch specials come with dal, rice and sauteed cabbage. Plus we added a side of garlic naan since i can't get Indian food without naan.Service was very attentive. They started us off with some pappadums with chutney and then the food followed about 10 mins later. Everything was really, really tasty. The lamb was falling apart tender and very flavorful. I didn't like the chicken as much because i found it a little dry but my husband ate all of it including every drop of sauce. Both of us were stuffed after lunch. I would most definitely recommend the lunch special and will check out their dinner menu soon.
Haven't had a bad meal here. Staff are friendly, price is reasonable, dishes are great. We love that your meal comes with a dish of veggies and lentils. This will be one of our go-tos whenever we crave some Indian food.
Great food! Period. Every time I come here, I cannot understand why it is not busier. The wait staff is friendly and attentive. This restaurant has quickly become a favorite of mine. Definitely my go to for indian :)
We stayed very close to this area. We walked around to search for Indian food place, and it was open late.Great north indian food!
If you like indian food this is definitely a good place! The interior decor and the mood they set is very relaxing! This is a place i come to very often! Food is very good and so is the service!
This place is official.  It made me love indian food. Awesome flavors and outstanding service
Nice place with good service but food is just decent Indian food.  My lamb curry dish was not as tender and tasty as it typically is but maybe it's because I went on a Tuesday night.  They give you a lot of extra things on the side but quality is better than quantity.  It's probably the only Indian restaurant in the area so that's in their favor.  It's not bad if you're trying out Indian food or only have eaten it a few time, but this is not the place for authentic, high quality food.
Mediocre indian fare, some of the stuff was good such as the sauce in the chicken tikki masala, but the meats seam to be overcooked and dry. convenient located to me, otherwise, probably wouldnt go back except for the really cheap lunch special.
Delicious food, samosas are huge, a meal in themselves. Clay oven cooked food is so tasty, chicken, appetizers, naan, all fresh and full of flavor.
The restaurant as a whole is a 3 but the Chicken Dhan Saag (chicken cooked in creamy spinach, lentils & bits of pineapple) is super delish and deserves a 4!  The whole wheat roti went well with this dish and gets a 4!  Chicken Tika Marsala is a favorite for most but it was ok here.  The dish itself gets a 2.5.Chicken Kurma (chicken cooked with coconut milk & rich almond sauce) was ok, not a fan.  The dish gets a 2.Samosas - I had one beef and one chicken, and preferred the chicken (not as spicy).Mango Lassi - mango yogurt drink was very yummy as well.Wine is a steal here, so drink up!
Great Indian restaurant in bayside. I've been here a few times for lunch and each time I get the chicken tiki masala. My favorite! The flavor is great but there were a few times the chicken was overcooked. The naan never let's me down. It's delicious, especially dipped in the chicken tiki masala sauce. I would also recommend the samosa.
So, unfortunately there is NO other indian food in Bayside but this place is sub par!!  My husband and I have eaten indian food at some fine restaurants as well as cooked from natives of india.  This place is a sad excuse for Indian food.  We went one time and ordered Indian food staples, Tikka Masala and Vindaloo, and they were by no means correctly made.  These are foods that any indian restaurant should do well.  Infact, we ordered chicken samosas and were served chicken fingers literally.  We decided that since so many people had given it decent reviews to try it again 6 months later and unfortunately the food is just not authentic indian food and is just not good.
Went her last night and I am already thinking about coming back here today! What a great new restaurant on Bell. I love Indian food and have been to many  restaurants, Agra was excellent !!My dinner date never had Indian cuisine before, so I decided to order Veggie samosas as an app and  chicken tikka marsala along with saag panneer as our entrees. and of course, garlic naan! Everything was amazing!! Their  prices are great too and so was their service, this place has a  very warm and welcoming vibe.  They gave us a complimentary bowl of rice pudding which was so lovely and soo delish! . I loved it all! And he did  too:)  I must say, this is a great date spot, loved the décor and lighting. I will definitely be coming back here!!
I've been to this restaurant about 4 times in the past year and I have to say I've had a pleasant experience each time.  the Waiters are friendly and knowledgeable.  the atmosphere is intimate - low lights, soft traditional indian music - the food has been very good each time.  I recommend the Chicken Madras  or the curry - excellent.  in a neighborhood place that has lots of pubs and Italian food - this place is a very nice change.  I highly recommended.
Nice, welcoming dining establishment.  Food was good.  My beef vindaloo wasn't as spicy hot as I've had in other places (and I did request that it be super spicy hot) but it was good nonetheless.  One negative is that they don't serve alcohol/cocktails.   Will definitely be visiting again.
I've been here 3 times since it opened up, and absolutely love it! Their vegetable vindaloo is super spicy and really good, along with all the other veggie dishes I've tried. Can't wait to come back, this place has become a regular in my rotation of restaurants on/near Bell Blvd.
This restaurant is lovely inside. It is warm and welcoming from the moment you walk in. The staff was very kind and attentive. I enjoyed the food from the appetizers, drinks, to the desserts. I have eaten in and also ordered for pick up.  This is an excellent place with excellent food. It would be a really great choice for a business lunch or dinner or even a romantic date.  and a really great quiet date spot.
The chicken tikka masala was standard, a little more tomato soupy than I like, but still good. The dish comes with lentils and cabbage. The waiters were extremely kind and attentive, always ready to fill our glasses. I can't say what it's like when they're busy since it was 10pm on a weeknight and we had the restaurant to ourselves. It's also a beautifully kept restaurant. I had a pleasant experience here and will come back.
Came here on a Monday at 7pm on the dot. Me and 2 rather attractive females from my Bayside Meetup Group (google it) got seated right away and proceeded to get our serious snack on.  We all had a curry dish: lamb, beef and shrimp. I threw back a few Taj Mahal beers while we waited. I enjoyed my food immensely.  I'm no Indian food aficionado, but it was damn good; just the right amount of spice.  If I wasn't with company I would have wolfed that meal down 3 times as fast.
I wanted to love this restaurant because it's close to us in Bayside but while the place looks nice and had a pleasant atmosphere we didn't like the food.The Shaag Paneer was sweet and had more onion than spinach. I also didn't like that the paneer was brown - I think it was grilled.My husband had the Lamb Vindaloo and it was very mild, not (spicy) hot at all, which it should be. The rice was tasteless.I agree that portion sizes were on the small size but neither one of us finished our meal so it didn't really matter since we threw it out.We love Indian food but will travel to get it.
Nice staff, however, food is too salty and the sauce is too thick.  One time I ordered a lunch special they misunderstood me and put the "regular" order in.  When I told them I ordered the lunch special they took back what they already put in the bag and took stuff out. meanwhile they gave "free" food out to the person in front of me.
I went here on a date night with my boyfriend. The staff was extremely friendly and warm. The restaurant was a bit quiet for a Saturday night but we enjoyed it. It's been a while since I was there so I don't remember exactly the names of what I had but everything was very good. We had shrimp and chicken vindaloo from what I remember. The only reason why I'm giving this place 4 stars is because I have another Indian place I go to which I like a bit more for their quality of food and their spices. But I would definitely go back here! One thing that sticks out was their coffee. It was excellent. Please go here and give them the business since Indian restaurants are so few around this area!
Came here on a rainy Monday and left with a happy belly. My boyfriend ordered the Lamb Madras and I had the Beef Kurma which was both delicious! We also shared the assorted appetizers. That was okay, it was a little greasy. Ambience was nice and the music was soothing. Service was awesome, they have some great waiters and the food came at a timely fashion. Can't wait to go back and try other dishes :-)
Food was good and it was reasonably priced. The atmosphere is also very nice and clean. The service was kind of slow, I felt like no one ever came to take away our plates from our appetizers but that's not a huge deal. We also waited for the check for a while and then we had to ask for it because our waiter never came back to check on us. The food was good though especially the Naan and I really loved the vegetable soup.
So I heard great things about this place and decided to venture outside....being cautiously optimistic person and since I consider myself to be a connoisseur of Indian food (yes, I am Indian and I consider my mom the greatest Indian cook ever!!!!)...my venturing was limited to take out.  AND THANK GOD!!!!Well the chicken tikka masala was watered down with few pieces of chicken and absolutely no taste....seemed like left over food from the "lunch buffet" with water added to it!!!  Next came the shrimp biryani.......it's was passable and I have definitely had better (try any Indian restaurant in the New Hyde Park vicinity and you will get your money's worth).  The only saving grace was a soft and fluffy naan.......not sure if I will venture to Agra again.....but after reading all the reviews here...maybe I will give it another try....it could just be the chef having a BAD DAY!!!!
After reading the reviews by others on here, my wife and I decided to try this place. AppetizersBeef samosas were flaky and tasty, they didnt cheap out on the filling, there were plenty of beef in them.Chicke pakoras were crispy and seasoned nicely, highly recommended. This is almost like an Indian version of chicken fingers.Onion Naan was great, we usually order the garlic version, but decided to try the onion flavor instead. Lamb venderloo was good, I've had better in few Indian restaurants in Manhattan, but it's definitely not bad.Beef madora (forgot if this is the correctly spelling), is a none spicey dish, but the flavor was awesome. Highly recommended.My wife and I tried two of the Indian beers, she had the 1945 (taste like Heineken), and I have the Taj Mahal, which is slightly lighter. Both were great to go with the spicy food.The service was great, I even met the Manager named Jack. He explained that service can be a lil slow on weekends due to amount of people, but quality of the food will never suffer. Overall, I really enjoyed the food, the restaurant is very clean and the atmosphere is very nice. If you like Indian food and dont want to go all the way to Manhattan, give this place a try.
Love this place!! Best Indian food in Bayside. Their Korma is sooo yummy I want to drink the sauce. The bread is fantastic and the samosas are yummy. I have never had a bad experience in this restaurant. I only wish they delivered
I've been here twice so far, and my bf and I really enjoyed the food. Its a quiet and peaceful establishment with nice indian decor on the walls. The regular & garlic naan were both really soft and airy and large in size. The chicken tikka masala was full of flavour and we loved the gravy that the boneless chunks of chicken were drenched in. Not a big fan of their tandoori chicken (waaay too dry) and the veggies or shall i say cabbage mixture. The malai chicken (i think that's what it was called) was really good and perfectly moist on the inside. The mango lassi here was also pretty good. Prices are reasonable for the portion size and I really appreciated our waiter who warned us about how large those portions were for some of the things we ordered or else we'd end up wasting a LOT of food. Also, to those who eat HALAL, there are a few dishes that are specifically made with halal chicken, you have to ask them. If you're craving Indian food one day, this is a great place to bring friends and family.
OMG! I just enjoyed an amazing dinner here. The lamb jalfrezi was amazing, not overly spicy but bursting with flavor. I cannot wait to go back so I can try other items on the menu. It's so exciting to have an Indian restaurant added to the calibre of restaurants on Bell Blvd.
I was overjoyed to finally have an Indian restaurant on Bell Blvd. Been here twice so far - the Chicken Tikka Masala is fantastic, as is their Vindaloo. I had the Shaag Paneer last night and was pretty blown away by how awesome cheese and spinach can be made to taste. Mughlai Paratha was also on the menu - a savory-sweet bread stuffed with minced beef - soooooooo good. Food is delicious and servers are very attentive - I highly recommend this place.
We just noticed that this place opened in the neighborhood and tried it out tonight for takeout.  It looks small and non-descript from the street, but once past the entrance it opens up into a very nicely decorated, warm and inviting dining area.Food was as follows:Beef samosa was crisp, tender-flakey, non-greasey, and delicious;Chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, vegetable kofta, and seekh kebaba were all nicely executed with full balanced seasoning and cooked just right;the breads -- plain nan, onion nan, and paratha -- were ok, but a little over-cooked (darker and chewier than I prefer).Overall, this was a very good meal and I expect that it would have been better if we had it served fresh at a table in the restaurant.  The prices are a little high, but the quality and deftness of preparation are also very high;  I am impressed that they are able to carry off this level of craft so soon after opening.
great food, their chicken tikki Marsala was sweet and not watered down. the other dish was lamb rosh chosh, that was also little sweetened and not watered down. service was great. their garlic nan was very soft and savory.
This bistro has a beautiful interior. It is moderately warm and welcoming from the moment you stroll in. The staff was very kind and attentive. I enjoyed the food from the appetizers, beverages, to the desserts. I have consumed in and also organized for pick up. This is a very good place with very good food. It would be a actually great alternative for a business midday meal or evening meal or even a loving date.
Ayna Agra is a long overdue and very welcome addition to the neighborhood. Aesthetically, it's a really nice setting inside and the staff are always very friendly and attentive. I always enjoyed the food here but it has definitely improved over time. I have eaten here with family and friends and no one has ever been disappointed. My favorite dishes/recommendations are the vegetable samosas, malai kofta, and the aloo mutter. And they cook the food with a nice level of spice. I ate here with two other people last night and with drinks, appetizer, bread, 3 entrees, tax, and tip, the total was about $75, so not as expensive in my opinion as other yelpers seem to think. Worth a visit, especially if you're in the mood for Indian food and aren't looking to stray from the Bayside area.
I went here last year during the summer with mom and sister who was on a visit.  It's been a pretty much long overdue review and unfortunately, I just got the chance to yelp again.   I've gone here with my husband for few times and we didn't have any issues with the food and the service.  The issue was regarding a bad service last time by one of their employees when I was here with mom and my sister for lunch.  Too bad I wasn't able to take note of the name.  We ordered a lot and having frequented here few times in the past, I don't deserve the service that the server gave us nor even any customer.  Since we can't finish our food and wanted to pack some food home, I requested in a polite manner if we could ask for some take home containers.  It was a reasonable request and my sister and mom was there and they witnessed, how the server really had an attitude.  I wish I had recorded the scene how his reaction was when we were requesting for just few small containers (if I remember it was around 3) just not to waste the leftovers.  I wish the owner was there for me to bring up the matter and to reprimand him.  He should actually be glad we loved the food that we even thought of taking it home.  I wouldn't mind paying for those containers but every restaurants I've been to, I never had this experience.  This was the only one so far I encountered.  I ended up giving the tip to the other much nicer server in that restaurant who also served us aside from him.  After that incident, I lost interest coming back again whenever I crave for some Indian food in the area.  I wonder if he was just having a bad day for treating us unpleasantly but even if that's the case, it's not an excuse at all given the fact he's working in a customer service related industry.
My boyfriend and I came for dinner at 10 PM on a Saturday. We were the only customers and I was worried the staff would be annoyed but they couldn't have been more gracious. They had apparently been packed until 9 PM but still made us feel welcome and not rushed.I am quite picky with food and I have to say this that I thought the food was fantastic. I always order Mattar Paneer when I go to Indian restaurants and this version was exceptional. My boyfriend's grilled meat special was also very good - abundant and fresh. We also loved the lentil soup which was a starter and all the fried goodies that came as an appetizer. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. Oh, and this place is so reasonably priced the food quality vs. price ratio is extremely favorable. I have spent more on lousy cocktails in the city than on my whole amazingly delicious dish! Finally, the decor is so pretty - beautiful bright cheery colors, extremely clean with tasteful music playing.I love it!
I have been coming to this place with friends and family since they opened, and we love the food and the staff. We come here at least 2 to 3 times per month and each visit we have always been satisfied with the quality of food, portions, service and price. Also, we love that they have so many vegetarian choices. This is definitely a small treasure in the bayside area and a great place for Indian food.
I came here with my husband and another couple (his friends)...First of all this is NOT Indian food. The food did have flavors but not the flavors of real Indian food. This is Pakistani food to be quite honest. They have a special pre-fixed. Yes they give you a lot but you're getting quantity over quality. Not to sound like a racist but I only see white people eating here, there are no Indians to be found. I am Indian and I was a little embarrassed to be dining here. I had the lamb vindaloo and my husband (white lol) haha had the chicken tikka masala. The vindaloo was very watery and the chicken tikka was sweet. He was not to happy with his dish. This is a common dish that all Caucasians order...or any of the tandooris. Sadly if you are Caucasian you will enjoy. This place is not for me. I like real Indian food.
Chicken vindaloo, naan, shrimp appetizer were really good. Portions were large. Really great service!
Food was flavorful but too greasy. The chicken in the tiki masala was dry and clearly overcook. Nevertheless, the restaurant was clean, service was good, and the price was right.
Great food. Great decor. Service is a bit uneven. Some were attentive while others were very indifferent to requests.
Tried it for dinner on a Tuesday last week & enjoyed it. Im glad a new type of restuarant finally opened in the area. The owner/managaer was very pleasent, and the food was tasty. The prix fixe dinners are a great deal if you can eat that much, and overall it was very nice. The pickle sauce/appetizer/spread was WAY to salty to the point it burned. Give the place a try!
the food was decent.. but had to minus a star because the waitress was clipping her nails near the back of the restaurant (it was sooooo loud).. thats just disgusting. while i was eating i was constantly thinking about the possibilities of her nail clippings being in my chicken masala and lost my appetite....
cute place, clean, nice staff, GREAT food..
Ate here for the first time this past weekend.  I'm so excited to have something different to eat in Bayside.  The food gets 3.5/4 stars.  Our biggest gripe was the service (hence the 3 stars.  A pleasant young lady seated us and our water glasses were filled immediately.  Someone coming over and taking our order?  That took forever.  The place wasn't packed but the way we were being ignored didn't reflect that.  Someone finally took our order but then she kept walking around and doing other stuff while my husband waited for the beer he ordered.  We're fairly patient people but it was a little on the ridiculous side.  Now, on to the food, it was really delicious.  Three of shared the lentil and onion fritters (tasty) , the shrimp appetizer (not the fried one. Really small but so good! It comes with some bread and the sauce it comes in is sop-worthy) and the vegetable samosas (standard).  Appetizer prices appear cheap but the servings are not that large so if you're part of a large group, you may need multiples. The garlic naan was a nice size and not overly garlicky.  We tried chicken tikka, chicken tikka masala and the lamb jahlfrezi.  All of the dishes were seasoned well and tasted really good.  All were tender. Masala sauce was off the hook. They gave us a very generous platter of basmati rice and a side of cabbage.  We also had dessert.  The fried cottage cheese balls in rum sauce and the coconut pudding.  Delicious and not crazy portions which I enjoy in a dessert, especially after a ton of rice. Will go back and give the service another chance because we really liked the food and it's a nice change of pace from the usual.
Fantastic!  As soon as you walked you smelled the fragrant spices.   Service was immediate and attentive the entire time.  Accommodating with all requests and questions regarding the food.  Food was tasty and couldn't have had a better Saturday lunch. (Better than last Saturday@ Tequila Sunrise-yuk).  Returning!!!!!
Fantastic, inexpensive  food with English descriptions. Quick, friendly service. Large glasses of delightful wine. Nuff said.
I went there with my husband on a Friday night past 9. The place is fairly big but wasn't crowded and our orders arrived promptly. The food was amazing and the staff very good at telling you what you might like. The cheese naan was fantastic and both dishes we ordered from the "selected entrees" section were fabulous. Can't wait to go back!
I am very glad there is finally an Indian restaurant on Bell Blvd!  I went here with my mother about a week after they opened.  We both really liked the food.  I had a lamb curry dish (plain I think), and my mother had a beef curry dish, and we tried each other's dishes.  The lamb was very very good, also tender.  The beef was not as tender as the lamb, but it was also good.  We requested that the food be made mildly spicy, and they honored this request very well.  (Not too spicy at all.)  We also had onion naan (pita-style bread), which had raw onions sprinkled on top.  It was made very well, no complaints.  The price of the meals was a little more than I normally spend for going out to eat, but I enjoyed my time there and would go there again.
Being in Bayside (not your normal place for Indian cuisine), I thought this would an overpriced restaurant.  Expect the unexpected.  I am very glad to have found a nearby Indian restaurant when I'm craving kebabs and naan.  And so my craving kicked in and I did take out for dinner.  We ordered our favorite Chicken Seekh Kebab and Chicken Malay Kebab.  Both were very flavorful and good amount for the price.  Also we were recommended to try the signature jalfrezi entree and we opted to add lamb to it.  The gravy was prepared very well with the right amount of spices although the lamb pieces were a bit tough. You can expect the greasiness with any Indian restaurant, so no surprise there.  We were given plenty of rice, lentils and cabbage on the side.  You also can't have Indian food without any naan - we ordered the Pudina, Onion and Kashmiri naan.  All tasted great and the way naan should be - it was my first time trying the Kashmiri naan, but it definitely won't  be the last.  Overall, for 5 people this was more than enough food, that we had leftovers and all for the price you'd expect at any quality Indian restaurant.  It's finally great to have an Indian place in the neighborhood.  I will definitely be visiting again for a dine in meal.
I have been to Agra twice -- it was delicious both times.  So happy to finally have Indian food in Bayside.  Long overdue.  Great atmosphere, lovely staff and reasonably priced. Currently, they do not have a liquor license, but were happy to let us BYOB some wine.   Spread the word!
I love this place. The food is amazing. I am also very very happy that they can make the food mild upon request. I reccommend this place to anyone who loves Indian food.
chicken tikka masala is the best dish!! very tasty. You can do take out too! Lunch special has good prices
For those who know Indian food, it is certainly overpriced...but good non the less.  The decor is nice and simple and the staff is nice and attentive as well.
Went here for dinner this past weekend and had Chicken tikki masala and vegetable malia kafta for entree.  Both dishes were very good the malia kafta was mild but little too hot for me. Nice neighborhood joint and prices were very reasonable. Service also very good.
I loved this place! The food was delicious, the staff was very nice and the decor is great. I definitely plan to go back!
My wife and I ate here last night with very low expectation about the quality. In our head we were thinking that the food here will be just average but it was close to home so we decided to give it a try.Needless to say, I was shocked by how good the food was. I did not expect it at all. You would expect this quality from places like Jackson Heights or Astoria. We had Mixed Appetizer, Goat Curry, Chicken vindaloo, & Garlic naan. Loved the Garlic naan and goat curry. Chicken vindaloo was good as well. I wanted to finish it all but I just had no more room left in my stomach :)Highly recommended and will definitely eat here again.
I dined in or take-out from Ayna Agra in the past and never had an issue until little things adding up for me to give a 3 stars review until tonight. I suggested this spot to pop my friend's cherry. Usually when you walked into the restaurant, there's a hostess to seat you but this time me and my friend had to walk all the way towards the end where you order take-out. I never seen this restaurant pretty packed but we sat at a table meant for 4 so that way our food won't be so cramped. Naan: CheeseFood: Chicken Tikki Masala (my friend's order) and I always get something in the Vindaloo family but tonight I order the Lamb...HOT but I like it lolThe girl in white top that took our order was like that's it look on her face.The food took OD long to come out of the kitchen and shouldn't we at least get the Cheese Naan first. When the food finally came to our table and how the hell they ended giving us the wrong Naan and then made a quick switcharoo with split seconds. The food was really good but the service went downhill...no bueno!We couldn't finished our food so I asked to have me and friend's food split up. The girl gave us 2 plastic containers and one foam take-out container with one plastic bag...smfh!After dividing our food in the containers,  my friend had to flag someone to get our check. I came back from the bathroom and my friend was upset about how the girl just threw the credit card slip on the table. Wow if I saw that, I would speak to a manager right away! Bye, bye Ayna Agra no more money will be spent here! Best Indian food will be Masala Box! Peace out yo =)
Service and food is consistently amazing. My favorite Indian food in Queens. Have yet to make it to the sister restaurant in the city, but it's on my list. 1947 is also one of my favorite beers
Good food and nice staff but food came out a little too slow (the place wasn't filled too) . Tried their chai tea and lemonade for drinks and they tasted like they were house made. Was very unique. Love their chicken tikka masala!
I am a fan! Delicious Indian food in Bayside. I haven't tried an Indian restaurant in Queens  yet and happy we found this on Yelp. We walked in on a Saturday night and were seated quickly in a spacious dining area. The restaurant is really red but it's comfortable and quite romantic. Plenty of tables available as I've read this place does well on take out orders. The staff was very friendly. Everything looked so good so we ordered several dishes: garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, chicken biryani. On top of that, we ordered a dinner special that comes with assorted appetizers, salad, lentil beans, two entrees and dessert for $24! That's more than enough to feed two to three people alone. We ordered beef and lamb curry for this special and some mango lassi's - yummy! Shout out to our waiter who asked if we wanted to order naan because we almost forgot this delicious goodness off our long list of food!I cannot say enough about the garlic naan. Fresh and hot out of the oven, the bread was so soft and inviting. It's not overwhelming with garlic which I liked a lot. One order comes with four pieces. Highly recommended.The chicken biryani was good. Another good sharing dish. Good texture in the rice and meat. Very well seasoned. I rushed through this quickly so I could get to the saucy part of the meal.The chicken tikka masala was delicious. The garlic naan and the sauce go so well together. Orders come with a large plate of rice.I loved the dinner special because it comes with so much food and it's a great way to try different dishes. The assorted appetizers came with samosa and other fried goodies. Good platter to try a little bit of everything. I highly recommend the lamb curry! Very flavorful and the lamb was tender. Beef curry was just okay. The beef wasn't as tender. We had the mango malba for dessert which was fresh and delicious. It's mango ice cream with mango puree on top. I'm a big mango fan so big thumbs up on this dish. Great prices, great food, great dining experience. I will definitely be back!
Amazing Indian food! Must tries: chicken Tikka Masala,  chicken Kurma, garlic Naan, mango Lassi and Firni  (coconut custard dessert).It was very quiet when we came in on a Sunday late afternoon. Very relaxing ambience  (maybe due to the soft music), polite and friendly staff, clean, but most of all; AWESOME food!Officially our go to Indian food restaurant.
The food was fresh and delicious! Prices are reasonable, and they even have lunch specials -except on Sundays. The staff was super friendly and sweet, especially Ara! I always come back here when I'm craving some authentic Indian food. Highly recommended! :'))
I am such a fan of this place. I'm a repeated customer.  The ambiance is phenomenal.  I'm all about being zen so this is perfect for me.  My favs are the tikka masala, coconut naan with the best mango sauce on this planet, kurma, beef vindaloo, and more names that i dont remember. I have dined in the restaurant and have ordered take out. Nothing but good words do I have to say about Agra.
I loveeee indian food and have been trying for the longest time to find a good indian place and ayna agra is the place! Ever since I discovered it and posting pictures of it, a bunch of my friends have asked me to take them and they loved it too!! For starters, they lunch special is such a gooood deal!! For $6.95 you can get beef or chicken curry or tikki masala. I've always gotten the chicken tikki masala and it is reallly good! The sauce is delicious and the chicken is cooked well. The chicken comes with rice, cabbage, dal fry, and their own kind of crispy bread that is paired with 2 different types of sauces! Definitely order the nan with this !! For ~$3 you get 4 pieces of nan which taste absolutely delicious when you dip it in the chicken tikki masala sauce. I've tried the garlic nan and the cheese nan and both were yummy :) The place is usually realllyyyyy quiet during lunch and you often find yourself being the only party there but that just means better service! Def check it out!
This spot serves good Indian food for the Bayside area. It does take some time for the food to come out so a bit of patience is required. My usual go-to is the chicken tikka masala. Parking is typical Bell Blvd-excursion. Try your luck on the Blvd/municipal next to Donovan's or go deeper into the neighborhood and you should find spots within 5 minutes walking distance.
Came here with my boyfriend yesterday. As soon as you walk in you see all these beautiful painting of all the hindu gods . They were so pretty they equal 1 of the star in this review. We ordered our food which was a khati roll chicken tikka masala and aloo gobi with naan. When the khati roll came out it was a paratha with chicken inside, that's NOT a khati roll. The rest of the food came out and you can just tell by the spices it was not Indian food, it was Bangladeshi food. Now there is nothing wrong with that but please don't fabricate it ! Now they serve beef there ... Hindus don't eat beef and wouldn't serve it especially having paintings if all the gods up. The food wasn't all that and that's just mine and my boyfriends opinion. The second star came from the service I found all the servers to be very polite and helpful. Will we be returning highly doubt it.
Great people it's a must try . You will come again over and over . I live in California and this place is amazing .
- My husband and I ordered the chicken tikka masala, garlic Naan, lamb rogan josh, and beef samosas. - The lamb Rogan Josh was over cooked, but the rest of our meal was perfect. I'm happy I asked them to make our meals spicy. - The side dishes were delicious.
My favorite spot for Indian food. The service is always great and friendly. The food portions are pretty big, as they come with a big plate of rice and some vegetables, so lately my significant other and I have been splitting a curry (my go-to is the chicken tikka masala) alongside an order of garlic naan (loooove their garlic naan) with an appetizer. We are usually quite satisfied after that. The ambience is also quite lovely, so it's great for date night. But we have showed up in sweats before, and still feel very much welcomed :)
The food is delicious and the service is amazing. The interior design is also very beautiful. I have to say you really do get bang for your buck. So many appetizers and mini side dishes are included with the meal you're bound to leave with a doggy bag. Everyone of the employees are very nice and helpful when it comes to explaining the dishes on the menu.I come here very often with my boyfriend. This is our absolute favorite Indian place. When ever we try another Indian restaurant we get disappointed because none of them are as good as Ayna Agra.
The servings are pretty small, beef was dry and so was the chicken. The lobster curry was alright, so was the shrimp. The waitress was cool and theres plenty of parking around, but honestly i probably wouldn't be going back.
Its ok, food's not bad at all. Best in Bayside as there isn't much else. Garlic Naan and Chicken Tikki Masala is good. I don't get all the over reaction of the other Yelper's, if your in need of an Indian fix and live in Bayside, this is your choice.
Haven't been back in a while, but this place is still one of my most favorite Indian restaurants in New York  (including Manhattan). The dinners are such a great deal! Assorted appetizers, soup or salad (get the mulligatawny soup), entree (with rice, dhal and cabbage) AND dessert for $15-20. We couldn't finish our food & what we packed is still a feast's worth!Food here is always fresh & delicious and the staff are very friendly & attentive. Have been away for a while but will be coming back more often! Thank you Ayna Agra!!
This is a little gem of a place hidden right off of Bell Blvd.  The food and service is amazing here.  Now I have only been here for lunch, but if lunch is any indication on how well dinner will be, I'll be back for dinner service!When you first arrive they immediately pour you a glass of water and serve you a piece of Papadum, or as I like to call it a "Indian Tortilla chip" with  chutneys. I only wish they gave you more than half a piece per person.For starters the Samosas are outrageous! Outrageously good! I have only tried the beef and potato samosas and they are sizeable and generously filled and packed with some great flavors. I would also recommend you try the assorted appetizer plate since it gives you a variety of different appetizers to try.You must order the Naan! The plain and garlic Naan is fluffy and delicious! The Naan makes for a great sponge to soak up the curries and gravies on your plate. The dishes that I have tried so far and have adored are:Chicken Tikki Masala, Curry lamb, beef and shrimp and Tandoori chicken. Now I order the lunch special which is served with the basmati rice. A great way to wash down your food is with some Chai tea. The Chai tea here rocks! Already sweetend and served  piping hot in a tea pot to your table.The servers are polite and provide great service. The restaurant is beautiful decorated with pictures/paintings of India. The place is modern and elegant in design. As you dine they play in the background music from India, that Sitar rocks!Parking is difficult since meter parking is plentiful but not always available. The parking enforcement agents are constantly patrolling and giving out tickets so make sure you put enough money in the meters. There is a couple of streets that are meter free.Great Indian restaurant serving up Awesome food. Another score for the Bayside area!
Love me some Agra. I usually do take out once a week. Its such great deal, you not only get your entree with your rice, but it comes with this fantastic.....stilll not sure what it is....minced onion in some red sauce. Sautéed cabbage. Lentil soup. Its a lot of food for one person. Samosas-Yummy!!! The beef is my absolute favorite. Greasy, crispy fried goodness. I love the green sauce that comes with it.My favorite dishes are the chicken tikka masala (cooked in rich, creamy tomato sauce.) Chicken kurma (cooked in coconut milk and almond sauce.) Lamb Biryani (cooked in spices and rice.) Great vegetarian options as well-Chana saag and Chana masala.Not a big fan of their Naan bread, but if I do happen to order it, I always go with the garlic naan. The cheese naan was not what I expected. I thought the cheese was be baked in the bread, but they just sprinkle some cheese on top and its never fully melted. I would stay away from that. I should probably venture out of my comfort zone and try the other 9000 things they have listed on the menu, but I just can't get enough of these options. Now, I always thought Indian food was a healthy option, completely ignoring the fact that the dishes I order are cooked in cream and a ton of oil, but yolo. They do have healthier options on the menu.On to the parking. Ever since that bakery opened all hell broke loose. Its just awful around there. I always find myself circling around the blocks several times. I know several people who park in the Chase parking (across the street,) and they have never had their car towed. Might be worth a shot.
Very good Bayside Indian restaurant is actually better than most places in Hicksville.  Wonderful samosas, a fire hot but seriously delicious chicken tikka masala and a very flavorful lamb rogan josh.  Our entrees came with basmati rice, lentils and cabbage.  Prices are lower than I'm use to paying for Indian but the quality of the food is higher.  Nothing fancy, just very good cooking.  Service wasn't perfect but still mostly courteous.  Only gripe of the dining room is extremely dark so it wasn't so easy to read the menu.  I look forward to coming back here and highly recommend it.
3.5 Stars!We were here for dinner on a Saturday night with our family. This place is definitely a good spot to bring your date to. The decor is very nice. The service was great! Our waiter were very attentive & polite. Our water was never empty. Fast service! As soon as we were seated, immediately we were given our water & a paper thin crackers with a green sauce on the side. We ordered the samosa, chicken tikka masala, the fish tandoori, chicken malay kebab, beef curry, & a side order of naan bread. The food were good but not the best. The chicken tikka masala & the fish tandoori were the two dishes we like the most. They were definitely flavorful. The food here definitely looks spicier than it taste. For dessert, we got the mango drink, & two others that we can't remember the name of. One of them was a cottage cheese with milk & the other one is a rice pudding. We can't remember the name for the dessert because it was one of our family member who ordered the dessert for all of us. The dessert were decent. Healthy portion & all of the dishes that we ordered came with a side order of rice. If you happen to be in the neighborhood, this place is worth stopping by.
One of the best tandoori chicken I've ever had and I don't even really like that dish, but omg it's delicious here.  Usually I stay away from it because it can be either bland or dry at most places, too many bad past experiences so I gave up on it.  The only reason I tried it is because my hubby saw a waiter serve it to the next table on a sizzling plate and it smelled/looked so good.  The table next to us had 4 ppl that ALL ordered the same exact dish so he thought it has to be good which it was.I had the saag paneer which was on the totally other end of this spectrum, not so good.  Masala box down the road has delicious saag paneer and this place just doesn't even compare to it.  I didn't like my dish at all, it tasted like frozen spinach no creaminess and the paneer was not made well. Thank goodness, my hubby gave me some of his chicken! The wait staff are friendly and nice , they give you these thin Indian cracker breads to start which were so good!  They were kind enough to give my 2 yr old son some extra pieces and my hubby likes their "green" sauce ( no idea what it is).So, now we just order take out here after eating in once and yup you guessed it ... we get the tandoori chicken everytime.
This is my favorite place now in Bayside. I get a Biryani atleast  once a week from here. I like it. The staff here is extremely friendly as well! Aarah is a favorite here with her friendly attitude!
Craving Indian food when at my parents' house in Great Neck is difficult, since there are no Indian restaurants nearby.  I found this place through Yelp (obviously) and recognized the name because I know of the one in the city.  What I REALLY wanted was chicken korma, with vegetables added in, so when I called to place my order that's what I asked for.  They told me it wasn't possible to do that.  Why?  I HAVE NO IDEA.  So thinking I'm sly, I asked if they could do a Navratan (vegetable) korma and add chicken to it.  NOPE, also not possible (sadness).  Having to make a quick, hunger-fueled decision, I decided to be vegetarian for the evening and ordered the Navratan korma, my usual, and an onion naan.For $16 I got enough food to feed two people, great deal.  They give a lot of extras with an entree: rice, a lentil dip, a side of marinated cabbage, and some tomato-onion dip thing (which happened to be my favorite extra).  The naan was already lukewarm by the time I got home and ended up having a rubber consistency because it was no longer fresh out of the oven, but I imagine it would be good if I actually dined in.  The korma...I've had better, I've had worse, but it was good.The restaurant itself is nicer than I expected it to be, but because it's right off Bell Blvd, parking is always an issue there.
I love this place, the food is delicious. I have eaten here multiple times, and it never disappoints. The prices and service are great.
One of the best indian food I've tried. Prices are spot on and the quality is fresh! Everything tastes delicious and the vibe is very cozy. Great find in bayside!
I've been here a couple times with different groups of people and everyone has had a good time. During my recent visit, I went with my brother and we ordered the bombay shrimp, chicken tikki masala and the tandoori chicken. The tandoori chicken was very juicy and the tikki masala was very filing. The waiter, Ara, was very helpful and we were greeted and seated as soon as we came in. The total meal ran about $35 and we were both very full. Would definitely come back again!
Lunch specials great.....servers nice and attentative. Free sauce and bread cracker to start
I am not a curry fan but I love their bread.I simply just order few bread items on the menu, all comes out very good.Even you are not a curry fan like me, order any of their bread from the menu you will be happy.I will suggest order few items on a raw so you can try something different next time.
Yeah!  We've picked up takeout from here multiple times, and it never disappoints.  CAREFUL WITH THE VINDALOO - it's already spicy, if you ask for it spicier, they don't mess around (my husband, heat-lover, could not handle it).I usually order the chicken tikka masala, always great, and has just a hint of heat (enough for me, a medium-salsa girl).The samosas are crispy, wonderful, and filling.  Naan, poori, and aloo paratha all good.  We plan to branch out into other dishes soon and will update.  Service over the phone and when we pick up is always friendly and accurate, and they've never screwed up an order in the 10 or so times we've gotten takeout.  Woohoo!
Good, food and good service. Been here twice and the food was good both times. The samosas are a bit different than the typican Desi samosas. They are wrapped in the same dough as the potato samosas instead of the fill wrapped typical beef samosas. I'm not sure if its halal or not. They do serve alcohol, if that's a factor for you. The chicken tikka masala is sweet and savory, not spicy. The naan was delicious and so was the tandoori chicken. The Breast was a bit dry though. The food comes with daal. Free delicious daal? Yum. The legs were perfectly cooked. We will definitely be back.
Delicious authentic Indian cuisine plus great ambiance is a winner in my book. Came after dinner hours with my husband for a quiet, low-key night out and the staff here were more than accommodating. Service was prompt and our dinner was absolutely delicious. We were given Indian rice pudding for dessert on the house as a treat to celebrate our anniversary! Ps-- never forget to order naan! It is heavenlyyyy
Bell Blvd. was missing Indian food options but recently a few have popped up to fill the void.  The restaurant is located right off 39th Avenue and is comfortable.  The offerings are fairly standard for an Indian restaurant, tikka masala, samoas, curries etc.  Flavors were good and spicy where they needed to be.  My favorite was the garlic naan which came out loaded with garlic and toasty.  Service is good and it's a nice addition to the variety already in the area.
Great place for Indian food.  Prices are very reasonable. Apps and Entrees were delicious. It looks small from the outside but more spacious once you enter. While we were eating some spicy dishes, having water is a necessity and the staff did not disappoint. Our glasses were always half full and overall the service was fantastic. Ara was our server and she was very friendly, thoughtful and generous for all our concerns. My friend and I ordered Beef and Lamb Vindaloo and Ara made sure it was the right level of spice for us. Needless to say I look forward to visiting here once again.
The only place I consider for legit Indian food in Bayside  thus far.  I've tried the other place on bell near northern  but Ayna Agra is so much better and the food has flavor and texture with the different  ingredients and spices.  I Also love the portion size and the extras that come with your entree.
Now I understand why this place is always empty! The staff is very unfriendly and they knowingly false advertise. They have a big board advertising  lunch specials outside the restaurant, when I wanted to take advantage if it, they said "we're not honoring it today!" Wait...what??? I asked "why is it advertised outside your establishment then?" I said "you do know thats false advertisement, right?" She said "yes we do, but the owner wants it advertised outside even though its not honored." I swear on everyhing that I love, that I'm not lying about my conversation with the staff! The food is decent, but I will never return to this shady and dishonest place or recommend it to anyone!
Somosa, garlic naan, chicken kurma, Tikka masala, and firni custard take out.  All was very good.  The naan was standard, hard to mess that up.  Firni sweet custard was very good.  The sauces in the Tikka masala and kurma is amazing.The only complaint is that the chicken was dry.  But, that might just be that I usually don't like white meat or the way they prep/cook the chicken.  The sauces definitely made the chicken much more digestible.  I would order from here again.
Amazing food for an amazing price! The decor is super cute as well, you will feel like you are sitting in a zen den. The food is definitely authentic, so be wary of spice. The naan is amazing as well as the curry lamb dish. I would recommend this place to anyone. Very cute for a date night or a girls night. Reasonably priced bottles of wine as well. Cheers!
Came here for the lunch special: chicken/beef curry/tikka masala for less than $7 and for an dollar more you can get fish and other good choices. The Chicken tikka masala was great! The chicken was not dry and the sauce was very savory and sweet with a hint on spice. I had ordered mild. The basmati rice was also very good and paired well with the chicken.We also ordered garlic and cheese nan. In my opinion i liked the garlic one better but my friends liked the cheese one. Both are great options. A good way of describing them to someone who never had was more seasoned "pizza" bread that you can dip into your tikka masala sauce or curry sauce. Would definitely come again! Cheap and quiet lunch spot off Bell Blvd.
We go here almost every time when we want real Indian food. The food is delicious and really made with love.Staff are nice and pleasant.
After hearing the owner in the 62nd Agra having the father owning Agra in bell; I was so excited to not go all the way to manhattan. On a really cold day; I was really excited to have solely one thing: that is Indian food!Like both Agras, service is really good. Waiters settle you in and serve lentil wafers with spicy raw onion and zesty cilantro oil to kill the hunger. I'm so shocked that lunch special is pretty quiet, not to mention lunch specials are under 10 dollars! This is the real deal. One delicious lunch special includes a small warm bowl of your selected curry meat, big bowl of lentils, small dish of curried cabbage (not the biggest fan of cabbage), and a plateful of rice. If you're around bell blvd around the afternoon, take the time to stop by this small family business.
Worst Indian restaurant I ever had . The service is very rude and false advertisement..
Came here on Friday night for an impromptu dinner date with fiance. The place was pretty quite for 8pm, but got busier just before we left. The interior is very low key and romantic. Dim lights, cute lanterns. We ordered a Chicken Pakora appetizer, which was good, but was basically just chicken nuggets. I guess not being familiar with the dish, I was expecting a more authentic flavor. For the entree we got our go-to Shaag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala and a side of Garlic Naan. The Chicken Tikka was outstanding, Shaag Paneer was good but a little too onion-y for my taste. The garlic Naan had pieces of garlic on it and was amazing! Also the wine prices are great - $4.75 a glass? I am definitely on board with that!Overall a wonderful experience! We will be back!
Finally a yummy Indian restaurant in Bayside! I don't have to venture out to Hillside Ave to get my fix of naan and chicken tikki masala. It's a nice place tucked away on a small side street from Bell Blvd. The ambiance is very romantic and dimly lit, even during the day time. We were the first patrons at 12pm on a thursday afternoon. Lunch specials run from $6.95-7.95 and they're totally worth it since you get a good portion size, dhal fry, cabbage, and basmati rice. Before the actual food came out, the waiter brought out  thinly crisped onion bread with green and spicy red sauce. I loved the green sauce and wish there was more of the bread. For entrees, I ordered the chicken tikki masala, even though it was not listed on the menu. The sauce was so creamy and good. It had just enough spice but not too much to be overbearing. My rents ordered the shrimp curry and lamb curry. Each dish had a totally different spice palette. The shrimp curry had a sweet but spicy taste to it. While, the lamb curry was the spiciest of them all it was still good to take a few bites. The garlic naan was delicious! I wish they were more than 4 pieces to go around but it tasted so good dipping it in all the different sauces. Overall a great meal and superb service. The waiter came by quite a few times to make sure our waters were filled to the top. I wish I ordered the mango lassi but I will save that for the next visit!
The food was simply delicious! Our service was warm and hospitable. The experience overall was fantastic.I'm not the most familiar with Indian cuisine, but I certainly wanted a mildly spicy meal to warm me up on a cold night out. Our waitress, Ara, made some fantastic recommendations that were absolutely divine. Unfortunately, the names of the dishes escape me. She was also mindful of my lack of experience with Indian spices and made some practical recommendations like having the chef put the sauce to the side so we could control how much spice we add. Albeit the restaurant wasn't too busy, but nonetheless she was warmly attentive all night constantly filling our glasses and checking in with us at regular intervals but not so frequently it was was bothersome. She and the rest of the staff were fantastic.Aside, from Ara's recommendations, the food was divine. It was packed with such amazing flavor and great textures. Our naan was slightly overcooked, but not to the point that our flavor was hindered significantly. The tandoori chicken was succulently bathed in a rich, creamy sauce. I also had a vegetarian dish with peas and tofu that was well cooked. The peas were not mushy and the tofu was cooked lightly to maintain its shape.Overall, a highly recommended experience. Fantastic choice!
I come here often and normally get the veggie curry. The lunch special is the best deal in Bayside, around $7, and I can never finish it in one sitting. I'm a big fan of Indian food and this is the best I have had. The people working there are friendly and warm as well. Highly recommend!
My sister and I are not the most familiar with Indian food but the chicken tikka masala, the beef vindaloo and garlic naan were all delicious! Would def. reccomend. We were really throwing back those waters, I wish they would have just left us a pitcher but most places won't do that so didn't affect my experience or rating.
Came in on a Tuesday evening and there were a few tables with customers. That's always a good sign. Food was delicious, reasonably priced, and halal. We had naan, chicken tikka masala and lamb saag. Each dish came with dhal, rice and pickled cabbage. The seasoning in the dishes was perfect. I asked for mild and it was definitely mild. The chicken was all white meat. The dhal was an interesting touch - most places don't give that on the side. It was tasty. The cabbage was actually pretty good. It was not overwhelming at all and helped balance the hot and savory dishes. Total bill was $40! Service was good. Very attentive servers. The decor was very befitting as well. Definitely not too tacky (like other Indian restaurants).If you're looking for really good Indian food that is cheap and halal, forget Jackson Heights, this is the place.
Absolutely love this place. The food is great. Always on point. Service is good. I'm still not sure why this place is pretty empty every time I go there but   I don't like busy restaurants anyway so that's a plus for me. My favorite is the chicken tikki masala dish. Their naan is usually very fresh and hot from the oven....dip it in the chicken tikki masala sauce...so delicious! I've also tried the chicken kurma. My boyfriend usually gets this dish and I always get the chicken tikki masala and we share it. I love the extra sides they give with our food and the rice as well. We eat here at least once a month. It's our go to Indian restaurant! I've tried other Indian restaurants before because of great reviews and ratings but this is by far the best I've ever had!!Can't forget to add that their staff is very friendly and very attentive! Love their service and food!!
Very Nice ambiance, service is great and food was very Delicious. I would definitely come here again.
Came a few times and really liked it a gentleman waiter was always very nice however occasionally we would get a lady waitress who was very condescending. So your service experience is hit or miss. But aside from the service the reason for the one star is because my family order chicken masala that is not spicy and had never been. This particular day it was very hot and when we mentioned it to the waiter surprised it was hot said he would bring us a new one. He did but upon bringing the new one the waiter mentioned this would be the last fix! It came back sour like someone squeezed lemon in it to cut the heat. When we mentioned it to the waiter he was shocked and angry and took it to the kitchen and when he returned he apologized and said it should be good this time..: it was sweet as sugar!! When we told the waiter again he apologized and said he told the owner who was squeezing lemon and pouring sugar in our meal that we were regulars but the owner didn't care he didn't prepare a new dish and he never came out to speak to us. I believe he isn't normally the chef but regardless It was a belittling experience and unacceptable and out of principal I would never patronize this place again. Imagine if he was bold enough to send back the same dish three times which is a No No by board of health standards then imagine how they treat the preparation of food on a regular basis. We love Indian food and there are plenty in NYC. We also love being  appreciated and not having people play with our food especially when you are feeding it to children as well.
Very good indian food. I enjoyed it. The people were very helpfull and their suggestion were so good. Ill definetly go back.
Amazing samosas and generous portions! Ordered chicken tikka masala, vegetable korma, and vegetable briyani. The CTM and samosas were amazing but everything else was just ok. but this might have been because they didn't make it spicy despite us requesting it. We also has garlic nan which was kind of chewy but we're not big nan eaters.
Great food and great prices. Love the hostess--very accommodating
The food don't taste like real Indian food. The breads naan garlic and Kashmir were like little pizza dough. A really disappointment. Very frustrated of spending money and time to get there. Will never go back again.
Great Indian food! Everything we are was deciduous lots of vegetarian options fast and great service
Great food, great service (thank you Ara).They worked around my shellfish allergy and kept me alive!Try the chicken kurma and the tikka masala. Cap it off with their sweets, the are killer.
This was my first visit and certainly won't be my last. The ambiance is pleasant, the staff is extremely friendly and the food is delicious and comes portioned to share with one other person. I went with my boyfriend for date night and we were pleased with the experience. We just wish we lived closer!
Have been here a couple of times. From the outside looks small until you step in. The food is good and the prices are fair../. Give them a chance and check them out!
Anya Agra is a wonderful restaurant. The Chicken Shaag is fantastic. My belly can be full but my mouth stays hungry SO GOOD. Plus the Tandori WHOLE FISH. A one of a kind. Nice people and pleasant atmosphere.
I ordered food for delivery yesterday and was told only "walking distance" I was 0.5 miles away. I then drove to do a pickup, after I got back to work no utensils. I ordered a Chicken Vindaloo and it was so spicy like the chef dropped the pepper tree in there. There were onions galore. Every chew was a battle.
Great Indian food. Take home or it in, always delicious. Nice and relaxing atmosphere. Tasty !!!
I get the lamb business lunch special here and it very good. The portion is more than satisfying and they give you rice, lentils, seasoned onions and cabbage with potatoes. I usually order to take out and it's always ready fast. A great place to grab some authentic Indian food!
This place sucks, food was ok, service is pathetic. It took 50 mins to get our curry. We were 6 people and did complaint about all the service, the time they took. But they still charged 18% gratuity. The person told it is our policy and apparently he didn't know the manager was there in the restaurant or not. They are well short of staff, had to wait 20 mins to give order, 50 mins to receive food, spent 15 mins eating.. will recommend only if you have lot of time to spend with bad service
Maybe we went here on a bad day but the customer service was horrible.  I went with 2 friends during lunch hour which is from 12 to 3:30. I ordered the lamb curry lunch special,  and my two friends ordered the vegetable Kathi rolls.  The lamb curry was mediocre to say the least.  They do give you a very hefty amount of rice,  it also comes to Dahl and cabbage.  The Dahl was very bland and I definitely had better before.  My friends' Kathi rolls were super bland and almost tasteless. On top of that,  they wanted to get the lunch special version of the Kathi rolls so that they can get the rice and Dahl but the server gave them the appetizer version instead.  And when they asked for a tofu dish that's supposed to come with the Dahl and rice,  the server just assume that they didn't want the Dahl at all,  my friends had to ask him to bring it out.  We also found a strand of hair in the food.  So overall,  the food was okay,  but not great,  I definitely had better... I probably won't come back after this time.
A girlfriend and I were having wine and movie night at my apartment when we started getting the munchies that only Indian food can satisfy. After consulting Yelp and agreeing that Ayna Agra was more affordable than Masala Box, we ordered some delivery. They arrived in less than an hour! Healthy portions all around. The chicken samosas were tasty and had us wishing there were more. Although their Vegetable Biryani was a bit dry, the Lamb Kurma was thick and flavorful. So for about $30, we received a solid meal for two with extra vegetable fixings and sauces. But growing up in the predominantly Indian neighborhoods of Bellerose/Floral Park/Glen Oaks, I've definitely had better. Would give this place another chance if the craving were to strike again and I decided on a sit-down dinner instead.
Indian cuisine has never really been on my list of restaurant rotations. I maybe have it once a year if at that. In fact, I can tell you that the last 2 Indian restaurants I've been to in the last 10 years was Brick Lane Curry House and Dhaba (1 time each). For whatever reason, both time weren't very memorable. Agra is tucked in a side street of the busy Bell Blvd. You can almost miss it if you're not really trying to look for it. A great marker is that it's across the street from Citibank. Came on Sunday night with my babe after much debate between Agra and Korean food. As we walked in, we're greeted by a hostess ( friendly ) and shown to our table. Along with our menu came some Papadum followed by Hari chutney (coriander & mint) and red chutney that had a semi sweet taste. Similar in terms of a roti, great for breaking pieces off and dipping it into the chutney. For appetizers we went with 1 chicken and 1 potato Samosas (fried pastries with choice of filling). I was surprised at how light and mildly spiced  this was but yet the flavor made a significant presence that  i couldn't stop eating it. Enjoyable especially the chicken version. Of course we had to get the garlic naan as well. Duh. For our entree, she ordered the chicken tikka masala and i went for the lamb vindaloo.  The vindaloo definitely has a kick! Left a lingering numbing effect on my tongue after consumption. Texture of the lamb was similar to that of stewed beef with the taste to match. The chicken masala was delicious. Oh that sauce baby! I know it's a signature dish of this cuisine but man was it good. I couldn't help myself and kept sopping the sauce with the remainder of the naan.  Some of the chicken pieces was a bit dry but didn't effect the overall dish quality. What really surprised me was the Chai tea we ordered. It pair so well with our meal that i practically drank the whole thing myself! If you enjoy that warm and almost Christmas like feel, try the tea. That cinnamon really hits home for me. I can official say that Agra has given me the best overall experience for this type of  cuisine. Kudos to you.
"What should we eat?" was the million dollar question on Sunday evening. The Potato said it was the lady's choice tonight, and I couldn't decide between Korean or Indian. 40 minutes later after changing my mind 3x, we were on our way to Agra. Never knew any Indian restaurants existed around my neighborhood until the Potato yelped it. Mind you, I pass by Bell boulevard all the time. First thought upon entering, wow it's really red. It gave off the romantic ambiance and immersed in the slightly higher end Indian dining than your average place. Casual attire is fine though. We ordered samosas (chicken and potato), lamb vindaloo,  chicken tiki masala and garlic naan. The waiter brought a crispy bread/chip with a spicy green dipping sauce and salsa. Nice combo. Service was prompt and attentive. Our waters were never empty. Our entrees were yummy. The vindaloo was a bit spicy and it lingered on our tongue afterwards. Although the chicken was a bit dry, the tiki masala sauce was really good (semi sweet and not too much heat). The garlic naan is a must must (yes, double must!)! Extra flavor when you dip it onto the tiki sauce. Gosh, thinking about it is making me salivate as I type. *Wipe drool*One of the best moments (besides satisfying my tiki masala craving) was when we were drinking our chai tea ($3 for the pot - so worth it). The aroma of cinnamon and other spices filled my senses. The chai tea warmed my body and soothed the soul. It felt so calming and I think it had the same effect on him too. Solid choice for a dinner or date spot. Highly recommend.
Best little place for Indian in Bayside. We went there for lunch to celebrate my birthday and what a delicious lunch it was!  We all ordered from the lunch special menu and all loved our food. We also got a couple orders of the samosas and the naan. I would definitely go back there every week if I could, best Indian food. Only thing is the parking, takes a little patience to get a spot, but well worth it.
The best Indian food in Queens. The food was absolutely delicious. The tandoori chicken is one of the best I've had in a long time. Everything was cooked to perfection. The garlic naan and the samosas deserve a thumbs up. The place is cozy without being crowded. And, best of all you get a bang for your buck! I will definitely be going back.
Good solid lunch special. Our server Ara takes care of us very well. Fan of the Keema and Chicken Tiki Masala lunch specials. Mango lassi is also pretty good. Ayna is a good choice for Indian food in the Bayside area.
I've eaten at many many indian places and this is still one of the best and well priced in the Bayside area.  There are many good indian places down in Jackson Heights but parking/driving there is just not worth it. Their lunch specials are very well priced and there is a TON of food.  I'm gladly making this my top indian restaurant at the moment.
The food here gets 5 stars.. The service gets 1... if they had better service this restaurant would flourish. I ordered a diet coke and the waitresses response was "if I remember", they need to get one or two more members of the wait staff so customers can get the right attention. Wouldn't recommend for a date because of poor service, but if you're looking for great food or take out, I highly recommend.Update: customer service was updated in a major way, great job! Food is always consistent and delicious and a huge staple in our reservation "regulars" rotation.
Great service and excellent authentic food! The decor in the restaurant makes you feel like you're visiting India. Food comes out piping hot. Great price and excellent service! My fav are the chicken tikki masala + garlic nan. A good crowd, not too loud. A lot of people come in to grab takeout. I always leave STUFFED and wishing I could eat more :) Oh! and there are lunch specials (but I never tried since I can never make it back home for lunch).
Best Indian restaurant I've tried so far! I usually order the same couple of dishes at Indian restaurants, and this place is the best for flavor and texture for meat!Highly recommended if you're in the neighborhood.
Amazing.  Staff was super friendly and attentive to us.  The food is amazing.  Really authentic food.  The place is also clean and neat and doesnt have an overbearing smell of tikka and masalas.  My go to indian spot in queens.  Great location.  Good food. Decent prices.
I've been to the area for food many times and I've never noticed this place; it's tucked away on a side street off Bell. I was not expecting to walk into such a nicely decorated restaurant! The ambiance is dark and romantic.I was actually disappointed by the food. We ordered samosas, garlic naan, and the chicken tikka masala special. I wasn't wowed by the flavors of any of those. Since garlic and fluffy breads are two of my most favorite things, I had really high expectations of the naan. It looked promising when it was brought to the table because it smelled like garlic heaven.... but the taste somehow wasn't there. Plus the bread was too thin, crispy and slightly burnt. I like my naan thick and fluffy. Honestly, the naan tasted like a dollar slice pizza bottom. The chicken tikka masala was just alright. The chicken wasn't too dry and the sauce was nice and creamy, but again, the flavors were subpar. The service is very attentive though! This place wasn't bad, but I think I'll look for Indian food elsewhere.
Really good food. I love the chicken tika masala.I also like the garlic and plain naan.The service is also good.I come here with my siblings and we enjoy the food. We love it. We like spicy chicken tika masala, so we order it spicy and it tastes really good.I recommend this restaurant.
Amazing food, service and price!  Their chicken tikka masala and Roti is amazing .  great deals during lunch special so go during that time!  a little hard to find parking
I recently moved into the neighborhood so I decided to start giving the local spots a try, which led me to Ayna Agra. It quickly became one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood, and city for that matter, and to date, my favorite Indian restaurant that I've ever been to. When the food arrives at your table, something about it just screams handmade. The curries aren't these bright cartoon-ish colors that you might find at other restaurants. You can tell the ingredients are real and probably from some age old or authentic recipe. That's probably the best way to describe the impression I get from the food. It feels authentic. The flavors are well balanced. It's a rarity to eat a curry from the average Indian restaurant and not say to yourself that it was good but "a little too" something. I had the Chicken Korma and the other member of my party had the tried and true, Chicken Tikka Masala. Both were delicious and nothing was "too" anything. Just right. Prices are very reasonable too. I haven't gone to lunch there but I see some very reasonable specials on the board outside for lunch. The service is efficient. No one is going to small talk you, but you will get your food on time, hot, and the way you ordered it. That's all I ever want. I would recommend this place and have been back a handful of times myself. PS. If you're looking for a comparison, Ayna Agra is way better than Masala Box down Bell Blvd.
This hidden gem was great. Cant believe ive never heard of this place. The food was very tasty. Establishment was clean, decor was lovely, and the staff was polite and courteus. I had lamb and it was cooked just right. Will definitely be back for another visit.
There only a few hidden gems in Bayside -Agra is one of them.  Trust me foolioCame here Christmas Eve - surprisingly busy and decorated with Christmas ornaments, etc - go figure.  Seated near a large table, and for the life of me could not figure out what these people were doing together.  Christmas party?  Delinquent family?  Church party?  Who knows, who caresStarted off with the vegetable samosas and those crack hoojiggers.  Yum.  Samosa were hot, the shell/outside crispy - and I can bet my life they nuked these babies.  Those crispy chip things are very tasty too - For main, ordered tandoori chicken, chicken tikki masala and garlic naan bread.  The chicken masala was good, very good.  Well cooked and seasoned, ego-maniac Bobby Flay couldn't do it better. Himself.  The naan bread was good too - good balance of garlic with a mix of softness and crispyness.   I was shoveling a mixture of the chicken, bread and rice into my face faster than young Scrooge McDuck was shoveling the coal with his Uncle Catfish in the steamboat race to win the plantation.  Now I left the tandoori chicken last because we initially received a little bit of a charred dish...well, charred like Reinhard's face after Blade finally got the lever down on the bomb pack.  The owner came around, saw it, didn't say anything and brought us a new chicken tandoori dish cooked to perfection.  I tore into the white meat with my tiger teeth.  What a great dish.  What great service - here's an owner who cares about his customers.We got comped some kind of rice pudding desert which was a nice finish to our meal.  And then came the best part - our check.  All that for $39!  Say what?  Good cheap food - me likey mucho.  Oh yeah, I also had a diet coke sucka!  And the waitress freakin poured it into an iced up glass for me!This Yelper left with one am extra inch if flowing muffin top - very satisfied, will return, and highly recommend this Indian jewel to anyone who wants great food!!
I live in the city, but when I come to visit my parents, we always make a trip to Agra. I always get the garlic naan and chicken Tikka masala (extra spicy). It is always a solid meal with pleasant service.
This is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in queens. The service is professional and endearing. The owner is an absolute pleasure. And the food is amazing. I come here minimum 3xs a month.
A great place for indian food for those in the bayside area. I usually order their samosas to start which is fried perfectly with the pipping hot filling the middle. Then a round of garlic naan must be ordered to compliment any of the entrees like the tikka masala or vindaloo. The staff attends to your needs and makes it a pleasant dining experience!
This review is based on several visits:The service is very good. Not overbearing, not careless. The staff is friendly and mindful of your requests. This is, however, not the case when the restaurant is full. I attempted to eat here during Valentine's Day and we were ignored for 30 minutes. No one greeted or tried to seat us anywhere, so we left. The service can't handle many people. The ambiance is very pleasant with great, Indian instrumental music, tapestries, paintings, dim lighting, etc.The price is very reasonable and you definitely get more than what you pay for.I have had two main dishes (chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo), one appetizer (it was a sort of grilled cheese and vegetable wrap) and two desserts (baklava and fried cheese in syrup). The appetizer was not bad, but I won't order it again. The fried cheese dessert was absolutely addicting. The baklava was mediocre (this is coming from an Armenian that has been raised on the most delicious baklava), but it wasn't as bad as some baklava I've had elsewhere. As for the main dishes, they were SUPERB! This is why one should visit this restaurant. For two meals, we got the chicken and lamb, rice, a potato/cabbage side dish and a lentil soup. We also ordered garlic and cheese naan. Both were exceptional, especially when used for sponging the sauces. The side dishes, meats and rice were great and I'm ready to visit again this coming week. Lastly, you get a complimentary Indian tortilla-style cracker with spicy chopped onions and a mild green sauce as soon as you order. All in all, I think this is the best Indian restaurant in the area and one of the best restaurants of any kind in Bayside. Definitely recommended to anyone looking for a good place for yummy Indian food.
I thought I would try take out, but when I entered the restaurant, the atmosphere was so inviting, I decided to stay.  The decor is at once warm and uplifting.  The music type and appropriate sound level enhanced my wonderful experience.  Because I wasn't sure what to order, I discussed the menu options with a well-spoken waitress-manager named Arah.  Arah made several suggestions which turned out to be right on.  All the wait staff were very friendly and patient.  The meal was presented and prepared with the utmost care.  The portions were generous so that I had a delicious meal the following day.   I thoroughly  enjoyed the whole experience.   The outside appearance is a bit misleading.   This restaurant is a true jewel.  (leans towards dressy but casual is a-ok)
After seeing the great reviews on yelp and the delicious pictures posted, I decided to try this place out for lunch. As we entered, the menus were given to us by the waiter and we were not tended to until WE had to call the waiter over ten minutes later. Keep in mind, there were only four parties there including ourselves so it's pretty safe to say they were not too busy. As our waiter came to us, we had to tell him we were ready to order instead of him asking if we were ready (as if ten minutes of staring him down wasn't enough to tell him we were ready!). As we ordered the chicken pakora for an appetizer and two orders of the lunch special chicken tikka masala, the chicken pakoras came out and to our utter surprise, they looked like chicken tenders. We began eating the chicken pakoras and came to find that there was not much of a difference between chicken tenders and the chicken pakoras we were served so we asked a waitress to confirm if this was the correct order in which she responded it was. (Don't ever get the chicken pakora if you come here, just go to McDonald's). Then our chicken tikka masala came out and it was okay. When it was time for the bill, I saw we were charged full price for the chicken tikka instead of the lunch special price which we asked. Of course, I questioned the waiter about this matter in which she seemed to doubt me in a rude tone even though the food was still on the table. I'm pretty sure she can tell the lunch special portion from the original portion after working there but okay. Anyways, she corrected the bill and that was that. Overall, the service here is pretty horrible. The waiters don't speak unless they are spoken to, they don't even address you and the waitresses seem to have attitudes and are pretty rude. I was really disappointed about the chicken pakoras as well. Below you can see a picture of it to the left and you can tell they look like your average chicken tenders.
If I ever have to go to any other Indian restaurant I always feel like I'm cheating on Ayna Agra. I compare every Indian restaurant to them, and no one ever lives up. No matter what dish you get, you'll never be disappointed. My usuals are chicken tikka masala or chicken kurma. The vegetable samosas are to die for, and can never go wrong with their naans! Hubby loves the Indian beer there too. To top everything off, the waitstaff is always incredibly kind. If I could give them more stars I would!
Had their chicken Tikka Malsala which was really good but personally I couldn't finish it because I had a samosa before as an appetizer which was also delicious! I enjoyed it and their naan bread was good too. The place is nice and quiet, not crowded but it's open space so it wasn't private either but the atmosphere is romantic and would recommend as a dinner date location. Yogurt sauce helps spiciness. One of my go to places when I'm craving Indian food!
So we happen to be walking to an other restaurant around the corner  and then saw this , so we decide to give it a try , we ordered chicken tikka masala with garlic naan and the Bombay calamari . The calamari was really good with the sauce , only problem was all there dishes come in a small portion . the tikka masala came with rice ,dhal and cabbage .The food came pretty quickly . The waiters staff are friendly , always filling up your water asking if everything is ok , that clearly shows they care about there customers .  Overall my experience was pretty good here . Will be returning when I'm around the area .
I proper Indian restaurant would never serve pork or beef... Only a Pakistani or Bangladesh restaurant would. Please don't be fooled.
I love this place, what can I say?  It's a warm, inviting atmosphere decorated in rich deep tones with low lighting giving off a warm subtle glow but not too dark. I have eaten here several times with my daughter  as well as a few nights out with the girls and I have not been disappointed as of yet. My recommendations would be as far as appetizers, the kathi roll, which is a wrap seasoned with coriander, onion topped with cilantro and chicken or beef or paneer. chana poori, spiced chickpeas with chopped onions, their samosas are heavenly, the breads are all good,  I have tried them all, pratha, poori and papadum is really good. Among main courses I have had the currried lamb, also the saag lamb cooked in a creamy spinich, and the vindaloo is always delicious. The menu is extensive with something for everyone. The seafood is very tasty, they have many vegertarian dishes to choose from. My daughter's favorite is the chicken tandoori,  which comes out on a cast iron dish sizzling,  with rice side dish.  My experience being here has always been positive. The waiters and waitresses have all been nice. This place is great for dates, or just a bunch of friends and of course,  family.  Its great if you come in a group that way you can order different dishes and share.  I always found portions adequate. This is wonderful addition to the neighborhood.
I was recently in NY visiting my folks, who work on Bell Blvd. in Bayside, Queens. For our lunch, I decided to get takeout from a number of locations, including Agra Indian. With decent reviews on Yelp, I figured this would be a hit, rather than a miss.Samosas ($3.50)Mildly spiced, crisped seasonal turnover (choice of vegetable, potato, chicken, or beef)Of course, I couldn't choose just one. So I got two orders of samosas.The samosas were hefty, perfectly fried, and crisp.The potato samosas were creamy, with a nice addition of peas and a healthy dose of cumin.The beef samosas were surprisingly sweet, yet savory. Certainly a heavier samosa, it was delicious nonetheless.The samosas came with a green dipping sauce, which was somewhat similar to a mild salsa verde.Chicken Tikka Masala ($13.95)Boneless chicken tikka cooked in a tomato and cream sauceThe chicken tikka was a nice iteration of this ubiquitous and oft-enjoyed Indian dish. It was slightly sweet with the base of tomato and cream. The chicken was moist and succulent.It came with basmati rice and a large side of cabbage and potatoes, which maintained their inherent textures.A side of onion relish was provided as well, which had some bite and heat on the finish.A yellow dahl was also provided, which is essentially a lentil soup. There is some subtle heat in this hearty and filling soup.Agra is a bright addition to Bell Blvd.'s eclectic mix of ethnic cuisines. The lunch specials offered at this Indian restaurant will fill you up at an affordable price. The bevy of sides that come with your entree provide a variety of tastes that will open up your palate.
I came here today after wanting some indian cuisine and after yelping for a while, Agra had the right prices with a decent commute. But it sucks that we came just a little after their lunch special which is only 7$-8$ for chicken/lamb/beef curry.So upon coming here around 4:30, the place was literally completely empty with no hostesses/host which almost made me want to walk out immediately because I always feel uncomfortable being the only customer in the entire store! But, when they noticed us (they were chilling at the bar) one man brought seated us in a table of four, when we only had two people. And, I guess it's not really a big deal because bigger spaces are better! Each table has a candle, real flowers and some other stuff on it. The table cloth is red and the set up overall is very nice! They also play some authentic Indian tunes.But after ordering, you get some free apps which is like a piece of bread(crispy like a tortilla chip!) with some green sauce and some thing that resembles kimchi. (Sorry for not using any Indian food terms, I'm not familiar with them!) :((!! But I didn't really like any off the free apps but my boyfriend loved the green sauce! We ordered Samosa's that came out quickly for 3.50$ you get two pieces that are relatively big in size. We got chicken and it is very mildly spicy if you eat it in small bits, apparently if you eat it all in one bite(which is impossible for me!) you feel all the taste hitting you all at once. For me, I thought that the samosa's were a little bit on the oily side since you see the oil all over the wax paper after getting it delivered to you!We also got roti, lamb curry and lamb madras. These all came at the same time and since it was my first time eating actual Indian cuisine, I was very disappointed to find that my roti was not what I expected it to be. The curry that came with it was also horrible, I did not like it at all! I ended up using the curry used for the lamb curry dish which is ironically different from the curry used for the roti?? The lamb is dry in my opinion and tasted more like beef than lamb. The madras were good, nothing special. All entrees come with a side of basmati rice which for the most part taste like normal rice to me, except they give you very generous portions of the rice which I was pleased about. I also ordered a mango lassi which has a very strong mango flavor and taste very similar to real mango fruit and the flavor was just too overwhelming for me so I ended up just drinking the water for the most part ): They were very generous in refilling the water! They always walk around to see if something needs to be removed or refilled but the only thing I found awkward throughout the whole serving process is that they constantly move the dishes around so they can make space for a new dish?
I give it 4 stars for the really attentive service. The food was very mediocre. I haven't had a lot of Indian food to know what's good and what's not. I got the Chicken tiki masala and the lamb vindaloo. The chicken was good. The lamb had too much of a gamey smell to enjoy. I don't think I would come back but it was an interesting experience.
Wow!...  I'm gonna get straight to the point which is the food and I'm not gonna talk anything else because ITS ABOUT THE FOOD!I had the basics- naan, poori, samosa, potato pancake, chicken curry, chicken tiki and lamb- this is one of the best Indian food that I've had in NYC. The flavor of the sauces, the meat was so tender that I didn't have to use a knife. The samosas were cooked perfectly. This place is amazing!
I went there with my family after reading all the positive reviews of this restaurant which I have walked pass many times. We were very impressed by the decor when we first entered the restaurant. It was dimly it but had a nice layout. There were only customers sitting at maybe 3 of the tables dining. The hostess who met us attempted to squeeze my family and I into the worst situated table in the room. My wife looked around at all the empty tables and politely asked if we could sit at a better table in the middle of the room. The waitress eventually relented and let us sit there. When we sat down and were given the menus we suddenly realized that for some reason it had gotten very dark. Apparently the waitress after providing us with our menus removed the small candle that gave the table a warm glow and placed it on the empty table just behind ours (very strange). So after struggling to read our menus I decided to take out my phone and use the handy flashlight app. After a few minutes we had an idea of what we would be ordering but had some questions. The waitress returned and I inquired whether or not the fish masala had bones (an honest question). The waitress seemed perturbed and responded that it did and that I should order the fish tandoori instead and walked away. Against our better judgement we should have walked away but instead we decided to stay because our favorite Greek  restaurant Avli Gardens was just around the corner but was completely packed so we decided to stay. When the waitress finally returned I placed my ordered or myself and my daughter. When it was my wife's turn she inquired about the fish tandoori and the waitress rudely suggested order something else because  you're afraid of bones!!! Then I reminded her that I was the person who simply  had asked whether or not the other dish had bones and not my wife at which point the hostess walked away and sent another waitress over. When the other waitress asked my wife what she wanted she placed her order for the tandoori fish. The second waitress read back the order and informed my wife that it was salmon when the menu clearly stated red snapper. When my wife asked her about the switch the second waitress copped an attitude as well like she was caught and back pedaled a bit and assured us it was red snapper. The food came out but was served by two different gentlemen.  The food was mediocre at best and nothing like the amazing Indian food served in the Indian restaurants in Hicksville. As a former waiter and bartender I felt that the service we received from the two waitresses was very unprofessional and may be the reason why most of the restaurants on Bell Blvd were packed this Friday evening at 7:00pm when this establishment's empty tables out numbered the occupied tables 4 to 1. Food 3, Decor 4, Service 1
My GF and I order takeout from here often. The food is good. We are slowly going through the menu so I don't want to recommend anything yet. I can say we always enjoyed everything so far.  Sometimes our takeout food comes with tooooooo many small containers. Otherwise I've been happy with the service and food.
We came here for a birthday and got everything on the favorites menu. Me and my family enjoyed everything that came out. Everything. We ate it all up it was so good. The garlic naan was delicious and and the paratha as well. This place is definitely a place i would return. The ambience is also very nice we saw couples on their dates too. Two thumbs up for this restaurant.
This restaurant is one of our absolute favorites. The staff is always extremely friendly, helpful, and efficient.  The food is absolutely delicious and authentic, and the prices are so affordable.  Most certainly a regular on our list!
I enjoyed the food, but I felt like the portion is smaller than most indian restaurants I have been to. I felt like the chicken masala had a lot more sauce than chicken. I understand that the sauce is necessary and usually there is plenty to go with pita bread and rice, but if I can count the number of small pieces of chicken with one hand and finish the sauce up with two plates of rice. well, the proportion just isn't right. I love Indian food and I have tried several places, I think the flavor is fine, not amazing here. Its not bad, but it is lacking some taste. Overall the service was great, people there are very nice and attentive.
Amazing. Had the chicken tikka masala with naan for lunch, it was soooo good i had to order again for dinner that same evening!PS: I had the food to go but the ambience of this place was very warm, inviting and cozy.
Came with 3 friends, our first time here. Our waiter was nice and attentive (up until it was time to get the check) and even gave us some sort of orange-flavored ice cream for free at the end. Two of us ordered drinks and they forgot one of them, but we asked shortly after and got it pretty quickly.The food was really tasty- Lamb rogan josh was by far the best from what we tried; the sauce was delicious. Had 2 orders of naan for the 4 of us- one cheese and one garlic, both were great. Wish we had ordered one more, though. Lamb agra korai was also delicious but wasn't saucy like the other dishes (which I would've liked to dip the naan in). Chicken tikka masala was also good. Can't remember what our 4th dish was but they all came with rice so we received a big plate of rice that we each took scoops out of. I would've liked a slightly larger portion of meat for myself, but the 2 girls we were with had a little bit of extra left over to take.The place was dimly lit, seemingly intimate, and I would've expected people to be dressed a bit better (thought I'd be underdressed in my jeans and sweatshirt) but I was fine, people were dressed pretty casual.Will be going back soon.
Great indian food, attentive service, clean and comfortable atmosphere.I can't claim that this is the most authentic indian food (i'm sure they cater tastes to the american crowd) but the food is great nevertheless and the taste and service is always consistent.I usually come here around 8pm and we are always seated promptly.  The staple dishes we usually order in rotation are the chicken tikka masala (never too salty), the lamb vindaloo (spicy but delish), chicken korma, garlic naan and cheese naan.  I also appreciate the lentil type soup and potato cabbage side they give you for free with your meal.  As for drinks, ive tried the mango lassi, and masala chai which are both very good.  The lassi refreshing and mango-y while the masala chai is the more authentic type - much like a strong spiced milk tea.    They also have very affordable wine by the glass if that's your thing..
I have a craving for Indian quite often, and before I moved out of Bayside, this was my go-to.  This place has amazing food, their chicken tikki masala is rich in flavor, sweet from the cream & savory from the spices.  The rice is always fluffy, their sides are always on point.  I'm sad that I can't eat here as much as I would like but it's a hidden gem in Bayside!
Had a nother delivery from here and have to say that they've gotten better with the portion sizes as well as the taste!ordered:~ Chicken Kurma~ Beef Vindaloo~ Keema Peas Curry~ Lamb Curry~ Chana Masala~ Shaag Paneer~ Chicken Tikka Masala~ Shrimp Biryani~ Poori~ Nan w/ butter~ Gulab Jamun~ Rosh Malai~ Mango Lassi'sAll of it was really good and delivery was fast and nothing had spilled!  YAY!Still have yet to try the restauarant for sit down....but awesome delivery!
I usually love this place but when I tried to go recently they just turned me away claiming that they had a "full house" when they clearly had tables available and it wasn't even close to their closing time.Sorry...not sorry. I won't be going here again.
In Bayside, there are tons of Korean and Chinese restaurants, so having a decent place for Indian is a welcome change.  PROS:Atmosphere is warm & well decorated, Tables are well spaced out, not like cramped tables in Manhattan.  The business lunch special was filling and a great deal at $7 (beef, chicken, veggie) or $8 (fish, lamb, shrimp).  Garlic naan at $3.50 was delicious as well as the samosas with a nice crisp shell.CONS:The storefront is tiny and suggests a small takeout restaurant.  Parking is scarce near Bell Blvd, especially on Friday or Saturday nights.  Items on the regular menu are priced similarly to a Manhattan restaurant of the same caliber. Quality of service varies, depending on who's working at the time.  Our waitress was wonderful, we never had to ask for water, but the cashier (who looked liked her mom) was not as hospitable.Overall, this is a pretty good Indian place if you don't want to trek to Jackson Heights or the City. It seems like a family owned and run business, which I support.  However if they want to make this a destination restaurant, there's room for improvement.
The service here is superb!!! The waiters are always super nice and attentive and filling your water even though you don't need it. The food is yummy. My favorites are chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, vegetable samosa, and garlic naan. Their naans are the best I've ever had.. So crunchy and warm and chewy deliciousness.I like the fact they give you daal and cabbage&potatoes and carrots. It's yummy and free! Their lunch special is a steal at $6.99
Love the Chicken Tikka! Very nice staff . Food is always delicious. So happy they are in Bayside! Great lunch specials.
Everything here is hit or miss. I usually order the same few vegetarian dishes but they can differ in quality and spice level each time. The service is also all over the place, some are very sweet and patient and others are grumpy or even rude.
What I love most about this place is that I was afraid of trying an Indian place outside of the city (probably mostly because of horrible stories I've heard from friends). However, it's close to home and some of the best Indian food I've ever had.One thing I've noticed about other places is that when I ask to make a dish spicy, they tone it down; maybe they're unsure if people can really handle authentic Indian spice? This place does not shy from it and I love that the most.The waiters are so friendly and accommodating. I've never had a bad experience here.
Great indian place in Bayside. Awesome food and their spice is on point.
Got the special (see back of menu). The CTM was kinda sweet..I have yet to find a place tht makes it better than Punjabi House (it's a ghetto ass deli looking place near 164 street). Lots of deep fried appetizers... Is this normal? Nothing really outstandingly delicious.Really nice themed restaurant...kind of romantic actually. The waiters were all really nice and helpful. But the food just didn't cut it.. Even though I got the special. I didn't think it was worth it.  Again, I really would have gotten take out indian from punjabi house. MEHH, skip.
Okay let me start out by saying that this is the first time I have tried Indian food so my recommendations or dislike of the food probably shouldn't be measured nor will it be provided.With that being said the service was terrible the table was constantly cluttered with dirty dishes.  We had to ask for dishes the forgot and they were not busy at all. They never once came over and asked how was everything in fact the only time they got nice is when the check came. I hate to say this but I believe the restaurant clearly prefers to serve Indian patrons, which I am not. Never again!!! Not at this place I give it 6 months!
Very good Indian food. The atmosphere is nice and the service is good. Not very often you find an Indian restaurant that is clean and the waiters aren't rude, this is a pleasant surprise. Had the chicken tikka masala: flavorful with the right amount of spice, but a little sweeter than I prefer. The roti bread was excellent. Galab jaman was good, but a little soft (not firm like I prefer). Rice and Naan were very good. Erie music playing, which I guess is authentic.The alo gabi vegetable dish was good. Prices are fair. Hard to find fault here, this is a safe bet for Indian food.
Came here and tried a few of appetizers. I would say that they're hit or miss.We tried the Samosas, and they were decent. Then tried the Bombay Shrimp, and it was good, although very small in portion.Service was good. We came here on a weeknight, and we were the only ones there. I might go back to try some of the entrees.
A gem in bayside! Traditional Indian food. Great service and atmosphere. They even have a sitar player! My new favorite spot!
This place is a little off of Bell Boulevard, first time I've been here. The food is very plain, no spices, great if you do not know what Indian food tastes like. The best part was the naan but they didn't state it's $3 for a tiny piece of bread. Anyways the kicker is charging a $4 gratuity on a meal. I guess they know their service isn't up to par and expect people to skip the tip.
Came here for my brothers birthday dinner. Great food and great service. The tandoori chicken and garlic naan are must haves! I love that this indian restaurant isn't just plain white walls and white linen. The decor is great and they seem to have live sitar on certain days, I'll need to go back for this!
Lunch portion is great for the price but reheated leftover rice??? Come on!!! Use your old rice for rice pudding!!!Tikka Massala was runny. Lacked flavor. Same thing with the daal. The whole meal lacked salt and to be honest it lacked love. Like a school cafeteria lunch lady slopping food into a tray.  Very disappointed.  My mistake for coming in AT noon. Might try it again but there is a new Indian spot on bell that opened up so you may want to step it up.
this was my first time eating at an Indian restaurant and this place was amazing! food was so fresh-best chicken tikka masala i've ever had. service was wonderful-felt like I was dining in someone's home and they were happy to have us there. dined with a friend who had never had Indian before so she was skeptical on the ride over-however our experience here made her a fan of Indian food, and we can't wait to go back!
My wife and I had chicken vindaloo and lamb curry, garlic naan, mango lassy, beef mimosa for our lunch, for less than $29.00! Great taste, price is right. We will be back soon!
I've been here a few times now and probably my last. The reason we keep coming back is because for Queens, it's a pretty decent place to get an Indian foodFix. Food is pretty consistent. And if you are taking out you will be happy. The reason I took off 2 stars is for their service. They have become an established restaurant amongst the Bell Blvd restaurants and when you are an established restaurant that wants to succeed, decent food is not going to cut it. The key word is SERVICE. Now as I am writing this review, a couple walks in, waits a few minutes at the front door, nobody attends to them and they walk out. This also happened to us but we sat ourselves because we were starving.Here's a little advice for the owners - hire a hostess. It will be a great addition to your business and will make your restaurant welcoming to people. Staff is hard working but the restaurant is understaffed and they can't handle the rush of a Saturday night. The waiter came by with four wet glasses and had his fingers in the glasses. That's true "India" style service. Not going to cut it in the US. Summary Food decent but ask for mild as anything else is dangerously spicy Service is terrible and unorganized on busy nights and bad enough to make you not come back
Service, atmosphere, and music was great.Portions are small, flavor was just okay, for the price and portions I thought it to be expensive for just okay food. I usually do not complain about price but it was just okay and portions are more like tapa style. I got the basic tikka malsala, tikka beef, samosas, naan, and fish. Naan was just okay too. I was disappointed.
Came here for dinner, service was good, ambiance was a little dimmer than I was expecting. Dim lighting always tends to make me sleepy and of course I would love to eat my food before taking a nap. These were the items we tried:FYI - if people can not handle spicy - even if they say the dishes are not spicy there is still a kick - I would say all dishes are mild in the spicy scale Samosas - tried both beef and chicken, was very delicious but the beef is a little more spicy than the chicken.Chicken Kurma - Not bad - didn't really taste the almond or coconut milk that was in the dish thoughtChicken Tika Masala - Enjoyed the nice sweetness from the tomato sauceChicken Dhan Saag - was superb. Was extremely tasty the mixture of creamy spinach, lentils and pineapples will continue to tickle my taste buds. I would love to order this dish again.Wine is super cheap here - I tried the Merlot and the Shiraz. I do normally like my wine a little on the sweet side so the Shiraz was more up my alley. Happy eatings....
Picked up Chicken Tikka Masala (my favorite!!) from Ayna Agra on Friday night. I can't believe I didn't notice this jewel sooner! This will definitely be my go to place when I need my Indian food fix. The portion was very generous and they even provided sides, dhal (lentils) and seasoned cabbage as well as two different spicy sauces... it was all a nice touch, but I didn't care for any of it. All I needed was my CTM, basmati rice and naan and I was in heaven!
I am so happy to have found a great Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. The food is excellent and reasonably priced. I took my parents here and they loved it as well. Service has been great whenever I have gone so I don't understand the issues other reviewers had.
Finally a great Indian Restaurant in Bayside! The place is much larger than it looks from the outside. The decor and atmosphere is very nice but it's the food that's the star here. The service is excellent and the owner even came by and introduced himself. With as many years of experience as he has, it's no wonder that the food and service are so good.My wife and I ordered the shrimp curry lunch special. We were expecting the usual yellow curry.  It was a beautiful and very tasty red curry with vegetables.  The rice was perfect and the side condiments were first rate.  The onion naan was huge and delicious. You can see my pictures for a better idea of what we had.Highly recommended.
Update December 2013:I'm NEVER coming here again! They NEVER deliver even when I'm within what they claim is within the vicinity of where they'll deliver. When I call they ask me where I live, then there's two or more people talking deciding whether they should bother delivering food. Forget it! I quit! Aren't you TRYING to make money?!! Don't you want costumers?!You know what? There's a new Indian restaurant opening up and I'll happily give them my money!----------Went for dinner.Decor is romantic. Lights are dimmed and flickering candles make this a nice place to take a date to.Service was 3/5: -2 point bc female waitress needs to learn how to smile and how to say excuse me when she burps out loud while taking our order. But manager came by to check on us and kindly offered us more rice and extras (no charge). My cup of water was never less than half full! Food was 4/5: ordered garlic naan which was standard. Lamb vindaloo was VERY spicy! I'm a fan of spicy but man this was too spicy, but the meat was tender.  Chicken tikka masala sauce was good but the chicken itself was dry. It looked like they just threw in old tandoori chicken chunks into masala sauce. But we've tried many Indian restaurants and this is by far the most-liked one we've had in queens East of Flushing. Would come again.HOWEVER....even though they advertise that they deliver, I've called on FOUR separate occasions and they first tell me that they deliver only within 10 blocks and already i can tell they don't want to deliver.  Then after trying to calculate how many blocks, they tell me the "delivery guy is not here today."  At the fourth time this happened I responded "is he EVER there?" The guy on the phone just chuckled... I told him I didn't find it that funny and hung up. I haven't bothered calling them since nor felt like gong to their restaurant anymore.I would consider dining in if I'm desperate for some Indian food but so far it's been a few months and haven't even thought about going here again.
Staff very unfriendly , the plates were dirty caked in food.Ordered chicken Tikka over cooked
First time and definitely not the last time, one of the better Indian places on queens. Everything was delicious and spicy.  Friendly service and nice decor.
Beautiful place delicious amazing food incredibly great customer service my favorite Indian food in all of NYC
I love this place the food is always amazing and staff is always so friendly. I wish I had a place like this where I live in San Francisco. Whenever I come to visit my family in bayside this is one of our staple places to go, never a disappointment.
This place gave me food poisoning. I eat Indian at least once a week in Providence but never tried it in Queens. I was expecting a lot based on reviews but the food was bland and not very good. On top of that, I am now majorly sick. Huge disappointment.
Sometimes has good food.When it's good, it's really good.When it's not it's just average.Service is jolly and the Indian beer they have there is usually very cold (hurrah!) and a good price.
Agra is a nice Indian restaurant.  The food is great and the staff is very nice.  They could use a little bit more training but they were very polite which made up for it.The decor is decent but the environment was very dark.  It started to put a few of the people I was with to sleep.  Making the room a little brighter would be great.I enjoyed the food a lot. 1. Samosas: Very Good, Non Spicy2. Roti: Very Good, Tastes more like Naan than your typical Roti.3. Naan: Very Good4. Lamb Vindaloo: Good, Spicy5. Chicken Tikka Masala: Awesome!, Not Spicy, Good flavorOverall, good place.
First of all I came here on Friday night with my husband and daughter. Restaurant was quiet so we thought perfect! By the way we are indian so we wanted to try this restaurant since we like indian food a lot. Came here was seated and the girl took our order . No conversation or any suggestion but whatever. So we ordered our apps came and everything was good but we got no service I had to flag down a waiter who was staring at me . WTF ! don't u want to serve us? Really! Ok no big deal . service sucks whatever. Then dinner came it was ok ! We paid our bill and left . I told my hubby to not leave a tip since we got no good service. We left the restaurant and a dark skinned indian man who was a waiter runs after us and tell us on the streets that we have to leave a tip !!! WTF !! I am never recommending or going there ever. Too bad because we were the only customers in there that spent over 100 bucks in our sitting . By the way my husband ending up giving him 5 bucks , just cuz it was in the middle of the street
Excellent lunch. Tasty, nice portions.  Fish curry, tilapia, goes nice with the veggies, basmati rice and delectable cabbage and more for the best lunch special in north queens. Love the onion chutney, mint chutney good. A year or three ago they had a tamarind sauce glop problem, but that is fully fixed now ( a bit spicy though, the meal in general in very light on heat, which is good.)
Had a really enjoyable meal here tonight. Very hard to find good Indian in this area. Definitely will be heading back here soon.
Best Indian food I have ever had. Everything on the menu is good and the service is pretty great too.  Good place for a quiet dinner.
I haven't eaten here yet, just ordered take out so I can not comment on the service.I was so happy to finally have an Indian restaurant in bayside and just really hoped that it lived up to my expectations and it did.  Food: ordered samosas, vegetable biryani, lamb curry, chicken korma, and nann.  I didn't try the lamb curry but the person who ate it was satisfied.  I thought the food was great, very flavorful and spicy but doesn't burn your tongue off.  I will definitely be going there to actually eat there.Overall tastes very good would definitely go there again.  4 stars because I only did take out.
I always order the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan to satisfy my cravings and can expect great service every time. The decor is quite simple but cozy. Prices are also reasonable.
This place is delicious! The dining room is beautiful and comfortable with a very friendly and attentive staff. On some nights they have live musicians playing. Great for a big group of friends to share a variety of dishes. Unfortunately their delivery area is very limited.
My boyfriends family is from northern India. It is rare that we find an indian restaurant that compares to his family's home cooking, but Agra exceeded our expectations. The chutneys and sauces, especially the mint, are authentic and to die for. I'd love to bottle some up to have on hand at home! The garlic naan was garlicky and delicious. Any fried appetizer was superior to many I've tried in queens, and most in NYC. The staff were helpful and attentive. The chicken vindaloo was delicious and spicy; many restaurants do not offer this dish as it is, in the words of our waiter, "too spicy for the Americans." I will be back!
Came here on a Friday night with one other person. We got seated right away around 7pm. The waiter was attentive and we waited for 2 other people. The food came out fairly quick. I ordered the lamb hirma which is with coconut and almond blend. The lamb was a little on the dry side. My friends chicken masala was good. The garlic nan was average from all the indian places I've been to.
Really really good.  I get the tikka massala. Samosas. And garlic naan. All are amazingThe wait staff are friendly also
Wait staff is great. Meat dishes are tender and tasty. Love the fresh naan. This is my go-to for Indian food in Bayside.
Wow this place is really good! I heard about this place from a couple of friends over the past year, but I got a coupon one of those Valpak thingies this weekend, and we are sick of pizza and sushi, so we decided to try it. (We didn't use the coupon, it felt silly to use a coupon for 10% on our $45 bill.)The decor is really nice for what it is, all of the velvet paintings are really cool and pretty, and I liked the ethnic cutouts in the doorways. There was some ambient Indian type of music playing, which was nice. As they build more momentum, they can get different lighting fixtures and a new sound system, but that's being insanely nit-picky on my part, so: shut up, self: I didn't go for the decor, I came for the food. AND THE FOOD IS AMAZING!!!All of the dishes are made with the freshest ingredients! I just finished my leftovers from this evening and my Aloo Gobi is still amazing! All of the vegetables in the dish were cooked perfectly and had a nice snap to them. MY boyfriend got a beef and spinach dish I didn't catch the name of, but it was insanely good, too! The meat just melted in your mouth. Then we laughed because they don't eat beef in India. We also ordered Samosas and Cheese Naan. Wow. Everything was cooked perfectly! The staff was very warm and attentive, and the food didn't take terribly long. There were some logistical issues being had in the kitchen, which I wouldn't have noticed on my own, but the waitress let us know that these fried vegetable cake things were supposed to come with the soup she just took away, what's up with those guys? ::shrug:: Okay. Whatever, no problem. The food was awesome anyhow.  I can't wait to come back for more!!! Added Bonus: it's so nice not to have to go all the way to Jackson Heights for Indian food!!!
I have eaten here 3 times and have ordered something new on each visit along with my faves and it's always delicious. The samosas are crispy and very flavorful and the naan is great. On this visit I tried saag paneer which is a spinach and cheese dish which was really good. The servings are a good size and all the sauces are good. This has now become my new Indian spot.
I really enjoyed my.night of dining here. The staff is cirteous the location is clean. We had the lamb shaag dhan and it was great. I will.definitely return
Mr. Wasabi was closed so was on a hunt to find a place that was open to have a nice meal which was how i happen to find Agra..I give it a two thumbs up !Food and service was greatCan't wait to go back!
Went there on date nightAbsolutely love the food and the service.  Was great.   The duck is delish love the cabbage.   The chicken tikka is delish as well.  I highly Reccommend. For date or family night. Nice quiet environment !!!
a friend recommended this place a while back and i finally got the chance to check it out over the weekend. we ordered take out. we got an order of channa masala which was excellent, chicken with spinach, chicken vindaloo which had the perfect amount of spice, papadams, naan and pickled veggies. each entree came with its own large portion of rice. the wait staff was very nice and brought us water and offered us a table while we waited. overall, i was very impressed with this cute and quaint little restaurant. I will definitely be back soon!
Wow for all those in Bayside, you only may have one legit Indian restaurant but it is a gem!  All the dinners come with a great cabbage side, rice and delicious lentils!  The staff is courteous and the food is delicious!  I have never been to an Indian restaurant that includes cabbage and lentils with all dinners-what a nice surprise.  The decor of the place is really nice too, the walls are painted in a nice calm color and the background music is very soothing.  Now there is a hidden gem on the menu, trust me order this!  Toward the back of the menu one of the items is the complete dinner for $20!!!  I am telling you this is worth it!  Most dishes are at least $12-$15 to begin with.  The complete dinner comes with soup or salad (I ordered the salad which was huge and was able to share with a friend easily), the dinner comes with an appetizer basket of delicious samosas and other fried goodies which again was more than enough to share!  I was astounded by how much food I got for the price.Now here is the kicker-you can order any meat or vegetarian entree from the ENTIRE menu for this price!!!  So basically you are paying an extra $7 for a huge basket of fried yummy appetizers, soup or salad an entire entree and to my surprise desert is included as well, any desert you would like from the menu!  I spoke to others that have been to the restaurant and had no idea about this dinner special!  The nan was great and my lamb dish with lentils was wonderful, I can't wait to go back when I am in the Bayside area!
Overdue for a great review. I've eaten here a handful of times. Each time the food was excellent. Great service, great atmosphere, very clean and friendly staff. I love their chicken vindaloo ( u can ask them to adjust the spiciness if spicy isn't your thing.) Ive been sticking mostly with the chicken dishes and so far they have all been delicious. last night I tried the aloo tikka appetizer and it is amazing. Who doesn't love crunchy potato pancakes?! Delicious! Their portions are just right and I always order some papadum to take home. Definitely worth repeat visits!
From the atmosphere and service to the food itself, everything was lovely! I just took off one star for the price.At first, I was a bit put off by the price, as one can easily find eats near the Bell Blvd. area that is much cheaper. However, with my never having tried Indian food before, my curiosity got the best of me; and soon enough, I found myself in here with two other friends to try out the dishes.We ordered the beef vindaloo, chicken biryani, chicken curry, and an order of poori (which has two). They served some cracker-like substance with what I believe to be a sweet-and-spicy green pepper sauce (mix pickle) as well as mango chutney for an appetizer of sorts, and the flavors were very interesting - the mango chutney had a bit too much onion for my taste, however, so I didn't eat much of that.Our entrees came out later - served with rice and a cabbage side dish - and they were all very tasty -- the only qualm that I had was that the food wasn't as spicy as I'd expected it to be, since we'd asked for it to be spicy. If the prices were a bit lower, I'd probably want to have dinner here every night!All in all, this place was a fantastic place to lose my Indian food virginity and I'm overjoyed that there is a bit more diversity in the cuisine offered on Bell Blvd. now, amongst the standard fare of American and East Asian joints (for the most part). I'll be sure to visit again -- I just hope that they won't go out of business, as I didn't see a lot of customers in there!!! I don't know what I'll do if they end up closing down.... :(
Sometimes I feel like a snob when it comes to Indian food.  I have eaten curries cooked by authentic Indian people in ashrams. Agra, is not an ashram, but the food the serve is delicious.   I have been there twice now and have ordered the Veggie Mahkni and it is delicious. Not too spicy but it definitely has a nice kick to it.   I will keep going there on a regular basis because I don't always want to travel to the LES to eat decent Indian food.
