We stopped in for date night. The place is upstairs in a grungy building but the actual venue is quite nice and peaceful. The food was delicious--we got an assortment of apps and I got the paneer which was delicious.The only observation I would raise is that they kind of overdo it on the decor and atmosphere. It doesn't feel like an Indian restaurant. It feels like what a non-Indian thinks an Indian restaurant is supposed to look like. But that's not necessarily a terrible thing.
Really great upstairs spot. Malais kofta n veg karma were excellent. The flying horse royal lager beer was one of the best I've had. Will come back again. This is my note to self to remember this place, and sharing with you too. Enjoy!
I came here on a dinner date. I instantly felt cool as Its on the 2nd floor of a building. I felt like a hidden gem. The decor is really pretty with Indian wall coverings and tons of lamps. The space is good. I didn't brush up against any elbows while eating. The service was good. The servers were pretty quiet and courteous. We received our food pretty quickly, within 5-10 minutes. Speaking about the food, it rocked. The chicken liver is super flavorful. They have over 10 different types of breads to choose from and accompany a meal. The veggie soup is savory while the coconut soup is sweet. The chicken liver appetizer was flavorful, a hit at our table. The food arrived very hot. Wait a few minutes and be careful not to burn your tongue. I am so coming back.
Agra used to be my go-to neighborhood hidden gem up this steep and scary stairs. I loved the cozy spot and appreciated they knew how to kick up the heat. My last two visits were a total disappointment, new owner?I was anxiously awaiting my favorites from Agra last night and put in a Seamless order -- it had an hour delivery window, but it's worth it. Until- It came over an hour and 30 minutes later, arrived cold- and when I called to ask where the delivery person was- they hung up on me, twice. Soggy cold meat samosas are pretty gross. No apology from the restaurant didn't help the meal sit any better with me either. Then tikka masala was too sweet and the chicken was dry. Something is very off with this former gem. The saag paneer used to be another favorite of mine but it had changed in my last visit and was not very good. Sad to say, Agra is a fallen star.
We enjoyed this wonderful spot from first to last. Every dish was cooked to perfection and Jason, our host (and the owner), couldn't have been more solicitous. We'll be back soon.
First time visitor to this cozy second floor place. Thoroughly enjoyed lamb biryani to which I added,alternately, raita, dal or spicy green chili dip. Created three entirely different tastes.   Nicely prepared, tasty even without any additions. Must look carefully for entrance at street level, climb a steep flight of stairs then enter restaurant from second floor hallway. Very homey once inside the restaurant.
My first time dining on Indian food and WOW -- amazing!! I will definitely be back. This place is like a secret little gem right in midtown, I'm glad my friend brought me here!!!! I would've never known it was here, and the food was soooooo good. Everything we ordered was delicious. Ill definitely be back.
This cute little hideaway serves some fantastic food. You have to enter in through what I think is an apartment stairwell, but once inside it feels really private. Portions are huge for the price you pay.
Had the pleasure of visiting this fabulous long time UES landmark last night again. Used to eat here weekly back in the day before switching hoods. Agra is still THE BEST Indian food on the UES if not all of manhattan. Extremely affordable. Great little family-owned cozy tucked away vibe inside. Comfy and clean. Great service. Caring polite courteous. Nice folks. Most of all...DELICIOUS FOOD served in good portions not too insultingly small not too grossly large. Perfect.
Dissapointing food as the setting seemed promising.  Lunch special was ok but not worth a return visit.  Overly oily and flavors were boring.  Slow service.
As picky as I am, especially when it comes to Indian, I thought this place was great. I had the vindaloo and the tikka masala, and I thought both were perfectly spiced and well cooked. The service was great and the restaurant was quaint and clean. In addition, for the amount and quality of food, I thought the price was very reasonable. I finished with the chai tea which I highly recommend.
Please avoid.. we decided to visit this place reading the good reviews but all seem to be fake now.. the restaurant(converted from an apartment) is in a dingy building and up a long flight of stairs.. the food is bland and tasteless..gave specific instructions to make the gravy extra spicy but still tasted sweet.. I dont understand how can someone get the definition of a naan wrong, onion naan is not raw onions sprinkled on top of a plain naan, it is suppose to be stuffed.
This is a gem too bad they weren't on the ground level. I had the lamb curry and it was simply amazing. the paratha was unbelievable. I haven't had authentic Indian food since Mitali West back in the 90 in the village. I would definitely come back to try the rest of the menu.
I came here for a lab dinner and this was the closet Indian restaurant to school. The staff is very attentive and the entrance is far from ideal. You have to walk up the stairs and turn right. The bathroom is located outside of the restaurant.  Garlic Naan - needs more garlic! Kashmiri Naan - this is something I've never seen before, if you have a sweet tooth like me, you will like this. It's sweetened coconut, pieces of almond and raisins. Onion Naan - blandVegetable Samosa - the usual mash potato with a crispy barrier Vegetable Vindaloo - very spicy! Pair with naan for a perfect meal. Overall, I would travel midtown for Indian if I wanted a great Indian meal but for convenience, this is okay.
Absolutely fantastic Indian food...came here with my wife after work and dinner was romantic setting and everything we ate felt fresh. The staff was nice and friendly. Being Indian I am quite particular of my Indian food...This places does everything right!
Best authentic food in NYC!The food is great! But the restaurant itself isnt the best sight. Very unconventional but I think that's the best part of it. Its Indian food. Authentic and you wouldn't find a spot that has nice food and a nice view. It feels like you're in India when you're in this restaurant.
I came her for my graduation dinner and I loved the food. The portions were small but very filling and tasteful. My mom doesn't like to try new food but came here and is dying to go back. My sister enjoyed the fresh lemonade. I loved the decor and ambiance.
The trek up to the restaurant isn't very nice looking, but the restaurant is. The ambiance is nice and authentically Indian. Service was ok, a bit slow. The food was yummy. My aunt and I had the chicken curry and chicken tiki masaka along with garlic nan. It was good, but not mind blowingly good. This restaurant satisfied my chicken curry craving though, and I would recommend it if you're looking for a reasonably priced good Indian place.
Just okay food. I really liked their shrimp curry but i didn't like their samosas. They're on the expensive side but the lunch specials seemed ok.
Please avoid.Ordered dinner from here looking at the good reviews but seems fake.over fried appetizers terrible entree ever, ordered whole wheat rotis but were made of all purpose flour.Worst Indian food i have eaten ever.
Delicious neighborhood Indian restaurant. Never disappoints, good for delivery and dining in. The service is great, very friendly staff. Highly recommend, yum!
Agra was one of the best Indian restaurants I've had.  We were visiting NYC and happened upon the restaurant after visiting the area and decided to try it.  Although we thought it was unusual that it was in an apartment building (you had to buzz in) where you walked up a set of stairs and at the top, in one of the "apartments" was the actual restaurant (see photos).  Once we went in, the place was set up as a restaurant and there were just a couple tables taken.  The host/server seated us and took our orders.  I order saag paneer and we also ordered another vegetarian dish.  The saag paneer was fantastic!  Firstly, most saag paneer's I've had have been "creamed" or pureed, but this one was not.  Because I had never seen it presented this way, I was a little hesitant, but the consistency seemed to be more "authentic."  The cubes of cheese were perfect, the spice was perfect, and the naan was amazing.  We also had the samosa's, which were wonderful as well.I would definitely go back here the next time I was in NYC.  We stepped out of our comfort zones and found a jewel of a restaurant!
I would travel from far distances to eat the food here at Agra.  Yes, the entrance is unassuming and a bit unconventional and yet, how Cool is this!  I recommend the food to people who are indulging in clean Indian food for the first time.  A quaint & home stylish place to eat and the staff are cordial and inviting.  Thank you Agra for being my go to Indian Restaurant in Manhattan.
Inexpensive, clean, friendly service, speakeasy feel coupled with delicious food. This has been one of my favourite Indian restaurants around Manhattan. No nonsense menu with options everyone would like. Impeccable service, always make you feel welcome and willing to accommodate.
It's a little hard to find this place. There is a very large sign outside but you have to go through these unassuming doors and upstairs to the second floor where the restaurant is. The advantage though is that you have a nice view of the street while you dine. If you are with people who can't walk up a steep flight of narrow stairs, this isn't the restaurant for you. Inside, it is very well decorated and it is an intimate setting. There are two main rooms with plenty of tables, though I would recommend sitting near the windows with the bird's eye view of the street. We had the potato samosas to start and the chicken tikka masala for dinner. Everything was extremely good. The masala was flavorful, creamy, and made with high quality white meat chicken which is surprisingly rare at many Indian restaurants. The prices were quite affordable and the service was exactly on point. I really enjoyed my time here and it surely will be my go to Indian restaurant in the area.
This Indian spot has the best appetizers ever. If I have the craving, I would go to this spot specifically just for their appetizer combinations. My dining partner and I enjoyed the authentic vibes, while chowing down on the deep-fried scrumptious flaky samosas, bhaji, pakoras and more. The pakoras were our favorite. We fought for every last bite.
Food is always very filling, flavorful and delicious. As a vegan, I usually get the chana saag or aloo gobi. If you like spicy food, def try the vegetable vindaloo. All vegetable dishes are cooked and flavored to perfection. Large portions are always given. The lunch special is also an amazing deal. Vegetable samosas are tasty. The baklava is soo good! Service is always on point. I've been here countless times because it's so close to Hunter College and I've never had a bad experience. They get the food perfect every single time. Ambiance is also very romantic, ideal for a date or night out with your friends. If you are vegan, vegetarian, just trying to eat healthy or looking for a wonderful meal where you get more than enough food for your buck, definitely go to Agra!
Comfortably the best Indian in NYC if you're looking for great service, friendly atmosphere and if you're a Brit then the traditional Indian restaurant you yearn for from back home
I think I'm really starting to like Indian food...Agra Restaurant is hidden on a second floor in an otherwise unforgettable block in the barely Upper East Side. As soon as you walk in its unmarked door your nose is greeted with enticing exotic smells. Everything smelled amazing and as my mouth filled up with saliva I could not wait to eat. For my entree I had chicken cooked in a light tomato and yogurt broth. Apparently this is the real version of tikka masala and I must say it was quite delicious! We also had a couple orders of the garlic naan which was fresh, crispy and definitely made in-house.Everything was great from the service, food and ambiance. Twas a superb meal and I find myself craving Indian food at odd hours when I never thought I would! Good job Agra.
The owner is extremely rude and gave me a different beer than I ordered without asking me. He kept us waiting to order food for 30 minutes and the food took forever to arrive. He didn't even apologize for it.
After ascending a steep staircase, which probably filters out the oldest and youngest patrons, we entered through what seemed to be the wrong door into a dimly lit, red-walled dining room that felt more like a speakeasy than an Indian restaurant. Score one. For the amount of people crammed into such a tiny space - we came around 9pm on a Saturday - the service was lovely. We ordered vegetarian dishes and beer and chai and everything was on par with, and $3 more expensive than, our regularly frequented Brooklyn haunts. (Proving once again that Brooklyn is superior. But I digress.)I had to wait awhile for the chai, but when it came, it tasted just like chai in India! And it came in an adorable little teapot. I was visibly happy. So score two for the chai. And the ambience is terrific, despite the fact that everybody had that awkward hushed vibe that comes from dining inches away from strangers. Next time I find myself marooned on the UES, I will definitely come back.
Fantastic! Great service and delicious food! Glad we stumbled upon this place. The lamb biriyani was perfectly seasoned and flavorful with fork tender lamb. The lamb vindaloo was saucy and seductive but was not as spicy as informed by the waiter which was disappointing. And of course, the famous chicken tikka masala was on point. I will most definitely be coming back here especially since the ambiance was very exotic and authentic.
Food came out quick. I had the lunch special for $7.95. Nothing to write home about
Unassuming entrance but once inside it's dark quiet charming and authentic. They brought us a couple of tasty nicely seasoned condiments for the crisp bread (I forget the name) Had amazing garlic naan with big chunks of garlic and tikka masala which was average tasting but chicken was a tad dry. Fun view of busy Lexington for my touristy eyes. Service was prompt and good. Nice experience overall!
Getting into the restaurant itself was an experience.Agra is located on the second floor of a building, as you can see from  the multiple prettily framed windows that offers a peak of an elegant dining room. The door to the building is locked and you have to ring the doorbell to enter the building. My friend and I had to ring the bell for a couple of times before we were buzzed in.  From there you walk up a narrow staircase to an unassuming wooden door with the restaurant's sign hanging overhead. We were a little skeptical about this place and we didn't have high expectations but we were intrigue. To our surprise when we walked into the restaurant we were please by what we saw.The dining room is quite lovely. Red walls, intimate lighting, and beautiful Indian flairs and decor adorns the room. It was a beautiful setting that sets the mood for a romantic meal or a very serene eye-pleasing atmosphere for friends to lounge and dine in. The food was excellent. The portions were slightly big and the food was served in individual silver bowls so it was easy to share.-Complimentary Basket of ChapatisCrispy and  good and it whet our appetites. It came with diced tomatoes and sauces. -Lamb Dhan Shaag $14.95Lamb cooked in creamy spinach & bits of pineapple; served with a side of lentils.Highly recommended. The lamb was very delicious and the bits of pineapples was interesting and good.-Chicken Vindaloo $14.95Chicken simmered in spicy masala.My friend asked for it to be very spicy. As a Mexican she was able to eat this well cooked dish unscathed. When I tasted it I felt my mouth burning and it was painfully good. Service was adequate.I would love to return here and treat myself with a delicious dinner in a wonderful setting.
Great place. It's a little awkward at first, you have to buzz into this apartment and walk up a flight of stairs. Not as sketchy as it sounds lol. But then you enter into the restaurant and it's very cute, the tables by the window are like carved out, cool touch. The food was very yummy. We went for the typical, chicken tikki masala for the entrée. Very filling and super delicious. For the app I got the Bombay shrimp, which was a little small but still so good I just wish I got two. Good service. Definitely coming back. Cool NY hidden spot, great Indian food
Avoid! With all the good Indian food in the city there is no reason to eat this nasty undercooked food. Even after I sent the food back it was inedible. The owner didn't even offer a discount. In addition, the owner didn't know the difference between lentils and chickpeas (dal or Chana) and couldn't give a clear answer about what he was serving. The food is flavorless, low quality and poorly cooked. The only good thing was that they didn't pretend that it was good.
I would rate it 3.5 stars if I could. The service was very, very nice and the food was fine. We had Lamb Jalfrezi, a Chana Poori appetizer, and a Shrimp appetizer. We enjoyed all of them, especially the poori that were included with the two appetizers.
Don't be turned off by the fact that it's up the stairs and the bathroom is in the hallway.  Yes, it's not like the ground floor restaurants at first sight but the food is good and the service is good too.  Worth a try if you're craving Indian food and you're in the area.
Super delicious Indian food.It's up a set of stairs. I always leave feeling like I'm about to pop. It's soo great and cozy and comfortable.I especially love the chicken tikka and the naan.
Nice atmosphere,  wait staff is very friendly.  The Naan was so good, however I ordered a chicken appetizer and it was basically fried chicken fingers with a spicy red sauce:/My entrée was delicious,  shrimp with spinach and basmati rice.....nicely prepared.
My regular lunch place,Agra chicken thali - 5 starsIt might sound weird but the chapati (bread) is really good here. The chicken curry tastes home cooked.
I have been going to AGRA for almost 10 years now and I never get tired of it.Went there for dinner last night and it was PHENOMENAL!!!!!!! The service is awesome. Jason (my server) is always a delight every time I go there. It's like he's part of my family. The staff is always welcoming and courteous. I look forward to MANY more visits there. I absolutely love their Shrimp Curry and Cheese Naan and the Samosas and just about everything else.
The mixed appetizers were....pretty bad to be honest. So I was hoping for better results with the entrees. Nope. The chicken tikka masala had zero flavor. None at all. The alu ghobi similarly tasted like nothing. Peppers and cauliflower. The eggplant was really good to be fair. The worst part was the service. The women who put our silverware on the table just dropped them down unceremoniously all over the table. Then put her hands on the food. Pushed my plate aside while I was eating to put something else on the table. Didn't speak a word of English. Will not be back.
We came here on the recommendation of my uncle who claims this is the best Indian food in Manhattan and a place he craves all the time.  Sounds like a can't miss right? So...it was good.  But I am not really sure what he finds to be so amazing and perhaps I need to ask him for actual meal recommendations to enjoy what he enjoys.  We got here around 6:45 on a Monday night and the place was empty.  By the time we left there were more people but it wasn't crowded by any means.  My fiance ordered the chicken vindaloo, his staple Indian dish.  He always asks for it extra spicy and usually they disappoint.  This was no exception.  It was spicy but he said the underlying flavors (the tomato base?) were lacking.  I ordered the lamb dan shag.  It was really actually very good but I don't understand the separate dishes for the (watery) lentils.  I am not precisely sure how I was supposed to eat those so I ended up mostly ignoring the lentils and concentrating on the lamb.  Which like I said, was thoroughly enjoyable.  We also had garlic naan which tasted as you would expect.  We ordered King Fisher's which is pretty standard at any Indian restaurant so that also isn't too important of a point. Nothing was super expensive or really very inexpensive either.  The things I named that we ordered ended up costing slightly over $50.  Also, accessing the restaurant is just weird and takes a certain amount of trust (tough for a NYer, I must admit).  The bathroom is in the hallway outside the restaurant and not very clean.  The staff were nice and appropriately attentive.  No complaints there.There are SO many Indian restaurants, especially in this same area.  So I am not sure if we will be back (unless my uncle convinces me).  My fiance commented that he likes Bricklane better and who can mess with such a NYC staple?
Going to Agra is kind of like visiting a speakeasy.  Despite a relatively large awning and being able to see the second floor restaurant through windows across the street, the actual entrance is not immediately transparent.  Instead, you go up to the door and it's a residential building.  You hit the second floor buzzer and the restaurant rings you in.  No password required however, but it still has an air of mystery about it (in a fun way).The interior of Agra is designed to take you to another world.  Wood floors, red everywhere, paintings, some nice moldings and dim (but not dark) lighting all help transport you away from the bustling city outside.  The staff is super friendly and welcomes you with proverbial open arms.  Though I was new to this place, I felt like I was coming over to a friend's house.A bit of perspective: I grew up living downstairs from an Indian family that would frequently babysit me.  So from the age of 6 I was already eating "home style" Indian food, so my tastes were determined very early on for such cuisine.  I find most Indian places in NYC disappointing, but every now and then you find a gem and Agra counts as one!  To the food:LIVER POORI (mildly spiced chicken liver, cooked with chopped onions)I know, I know..."Ew, liver!" some people will say, but I grew up eating chicken gizzards so liver is just a part of the bird to me, not something to be tossed away.  For those who are squeamish, don't bother with this dish.  For those into livers and those sorts of meats, this is a delicious treat!  The liver is super tender and has a great texture.  The onion sauce it sits in is heavenly and it is served with a piece of fried bread that is crisp and tasty.  The entire dish is VERY rich, so while not large, it will definitely satisfy.CHANA SHAG (chickpeas cooked in a mild spinach sauce)Chana Shag is one of the more dependable dishes.  I've rarely had a bad one but when it is bad, it's usually because it's too dry or salty.  In this case the term "mild" is correct.  The flavor is very mellow and doesn't overwhelm anything else you're having.  While it is an entree, I think the flavor lends itself to being a side a bit more.  The texture was perfect, with the spinach being creamy and the chick peas being delicate but still having bite.CHICKEN TANDOORI (chicken on the bone marinated and seasoned in herbs and spices, grilled in clay oven)Probably one of the best things you can have in an Indian restaurant when watching your weight.  This chicken was absolutely delicious, and served on a hot, iron plate still sizzling.  Bits of fat left on the sides were practically attached to the plate as you peeled its awesomeness off.  The chicken was flavorful, juicy, tender and the meat peeled right off the bone with a fork.  This isn't always the case with this dish (which more often than not, winds up too dry) so I was very impressed.GARLIC NAN (nan layered with garlic and spices)One of my favorite add ons to any Indian meal.  The nan here is a bit crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.  The garlic on top is really nice and there isn't an excessive amount of oil weighing it down (as I've had in other restaurants).  The garlic flavor isn't overwhelming either.  Rather, it's just right and enhances the flavor of any food you have with it.KASHMIR NAN (nan layered with raisins, almonds and coconut grits)To clarify, "coconut grits" does not refer to Southern styled grits with coconut flavor.  Instead, this is almost like a dessert nan.  The nan is the same as the garlic nan, but instead of garlic, it's topped with the sweet ingredients mentioned above, including toasted coconut shreds.  It was heavenly and actually would have made a fine dessert on its own!  This was a new one to me so I'm really happy it came out so well.GULAM JAMUN (deep fried cottage cheese rounded dipped in rum syrup)Most of the time, restaurants serve smaller, dumpling sized gulam jamun as a dessert.  Not so here.  Instead, you get one large one (probably about the size of 2-3 from another restaurant) and it sits in a tasty, hot syrup.  This dessert is an exercise in flavor and textures.  The fried cheese portion is a light, airy item with a wonderful chew to it.  It's very soft and practically melts in your mouth.  This is helped by the hot syrup it sits in (I actually recommend letting it cool for a minute or so when you get it) which permeates every inch of the cheese.  Absolutely one of my favorite desserts!Agra is one of my favorite Indian places in the city now, and I enjoy its rather "mysterious" location.  Shout outs to Tom K. and Tricia K. for introducing me to this place!
Great Indian food period.  It's like eating at some bodies house.You might have to ring the doorbell it's on the second floor of a walk up so has a good view of the street.
Love this place!  I have been going to Agra for years! It is my favorite Indian restaurant.  Great spot for a group of friends or even a date night.  The restaurant is clean, spacious, great staff, and quiet.  Def a must go!
I have  been to this restaurant over a dozen times. This restaurant by far has the best samosas, chicken tikka masala and garlic naan. A previous boyfriend introduced me to this place a dozen years ago. It's running and wonderful. I had no dinner plans this past evening and decided to go for myself alone. I absolutely love this place!
Excellent lunch special; had the chicken Tikka Masala with rice and a side of poori. Two very satisfied customers who will be returning. Service was also excellent-and judging by the other patrons, this spot is a fave. Don't let the 2nd floor location and kinda weird entryway deter you...it'll be so worth your while.
Simply just wonderful!I've always wanted to try this and finally convinced my boyfriend to go. It is located upstairs of the Korean express, and at first the very steep stairs was kinda scary lol but at the top of it was the restaurant with the bathroom in the hallway. We were looking at the menu before entering when two women that were leaving and highly recommended the place, so with no hesitation when in. The place is surprising very inviting and cute! very pink and it had several Indian touches to it without it being overwhelming. We had the option of sitting anywhere we wanted and so we chose the seat next to the open window. We were then given a "bread" basket with a spicy green sauce, it was thin and crispy but very good. We then ordered our food from which was = the Indian style calamari which tasted different but good, it was battered then fried with a very distinct Indian spices.= the potato samosas were delicious but a bit disappointed that they only gave us two.=I don't remember the exact name but it was under the vegetarian dishes and it was chick peas with a creamy sauce, and rice.......so GOOOOOOOOOOOOD!! I took a picture of it here, so take a look the picture doesn't do it justice. I finished the whole thing.=My boyfriend got a lamb dish and it was just as good!=Garlic Naan was a large size and was the perfect match to our meal.Overall wonderful experience and the waiters were so very friendly.Highly recommend!
Awesome Great food  great service and atmosphere If you like spicy ask them to kick it up a bit .. It's was American spicy ...
Always great! It really is like being in India.  This would be my favorite restaurant there, fortunately for us it's here.
Had the duck curry which was a little spicy and delicious. My boyfriend had the chicken tiki masala which was also equally delicious Amazing food... Amazing service definitely coming again!
Agra has been my go-to restaurant after a long day of school. I go to Hunter college and it is very convenient only a short walk down Lexington. The first time I went to Agra I actually couldn't find it since its located on the second floor of an apartment building. But once I managed to find my way into the restaurant it was well worth the effort. Agra is what some would call a hidden gem, I am one of those individuals. This cozy little restaurant gives a great intimate vibe with its red walls, Indian art, and carpet flooring. Wonderful place for a first date or simply hanging out with friends, the lunch options are few and definitely not as good as the dinner entrees. Important to note that they do close the restaurant from 3-5 p.m. so dinner does start after 5.  For starters they bring out onion chutney and spinach with a big tortilla like chip to use to scoop. Onions are fresh and yummy and the spinach has nice bitter-free spinach taste.I have tried the meat entrees but the vegetarian options are by far their specialty. Chana masala, aloo shag, vegetable vindaloo, vegetable curry, chana shag are all delicious choices. Entrees come with rice, lentil soup, and cabbage. Entrees are not huge but I seem to always leave with a full stomach. The vegetarian meals will run about 13$ while the meat options run about 16$, with that said this place is not necessary a big money saver but it is worth the cost for a really delicious Indian dinner.All in all Agra 4/5 stars with no complaints what-so-ever, they would however get that last star if the prices were a littler cheaper, I would definitely eat here everyday but sadly as a college student I don't think I can afford it.
We have been coming here for years, and it never fails our expectations. We always order the chicken tikka masala, which has more of a kick to it than other places (we like that) - I find it to be a little bland some other places. We also tried the Alu Shag, which was so good, I would have been happy with just that. Excellent chai, it takes a while for it to come but that's because they're making it fresh and is so delicious, worth the wait. This is a great hidden gem, definitely worth the trip.
This is not the best indian restaurant.. but the service and food were actually pretty good.. Having too many options to choose in NYC.. it's actually a pretty difficult thing for me to choose a restaurant for dinner.. Of course, everyone wants good food with decent price.. Yelping through and I saw Agra restaurant. The restaurant is located on the 2nd floor and it looks kinda creepy when we walked up the stairs. Once we opened the door, it was actually really cozy.Looking at the menu and the waiter brought us "papadam" (I am sorry I don't know how to spell it.. I know the name of it because I live in Malaysia).. Indian cracker I would say.. something like bread to start of in an Italian Restaurant.. Haven't had that for so many years.. We asked for more.. :DWe waited for a really long time for them to get our order. We had to walk to the waiter in order to ask him to take our order. He told us that he saw our menu was still open and he taught that we were still deciding.. Oops.. We ordered okra and chicken tika masala.. Indian food portion is so small and we ordered capati.. You need some bread to dip the indian sauce..Food was good.. We finished them all.. I actually like this place.. I will give food 4.5 stars.. well maybe 4 stars.. It's still good right? We waited for the capati to be served and the waiter came out and told us that he changed our order to roti because they do not have capati. We were good with that but we dislike it because the waiter did not tell us that he changed our order. I really wouldn't mind him changing to naan or any other bread.. But at least letting the customer know that you are changing it? Imagine if the waiter just change your entree and assume that you are ok with it.. Well.. at least in my memory, I don't think roti and capati are the same?? When the bill came, there was an additional charge.. we wondered what was it and it came out to be the papadam because we request for more.. again.. I thought it was served like bread in an Italian restaurant where you can ask for refill.. I will appreciate if the waiter told us that he will charge for extra papadam.. I may or may not order again since there are so many appetizer that I can order..overall.. If it's not because of the miscommunication here and there.. this place will deserve a 4 stars.. :)
WE LOOOOOVE AGRA! I lived in India a few years back, and the food reminds me of one of my favorite places on Earth. :)It does have a whole section of beef entrees (I found ONE place in all of India that served beef), however, it's still delicious. Esp the beef samosas....ugh I could make a meal out of those things alone. My boyfriend LOVES their chicken tikka masala. A lot of other places we have tried, he has complained about the sauce being too strong on tomato and not enough cream. The sauce here is always creamy and delicious, and when we get delivery we ask for extra of the sauce. I've had many menu items, and rather than single them all out I'll say none have disappointed, and all have been great. I love their naan, and especially love that they don't douse it in butter like some places do. It is warm, fluffy, never soggy or dry, and just great.I can't say enough about the value at Agra. The portions are a nice shareable size and REALLY reasonably priced. And they bring you so many extras throughout the meal that you always leave super stuffed bc once again you ate more than you meant to eat. The lentil bean soup is a favorite appetizer. Just a bit of spiciness and lots of flavor. If I had one complaint...I guess I wish the alu gobi had a higher potato to cauliflower ratio, but the flavor is fantastic. SOLID FIVE STARS!!!Extra Addition...I totally forgot to mention JASON! He is the BEST! He was our server on our first visit (we've dined in close to a dozen times and gotten delivery even more). Anyhow, because we lived so close we struck up conversation and became buddies with Jason. About 3 mos after we moved in on the block next to Agra, my boyfriend flipped down a flight of stairs and broke his leg (badly). When finally released from the hospital, I could only take care of him when I wasn't at work. One day he ran out of milk, cigarettes (grrr he should quit) and really wanted some snacks we didn't have. He called Agra to deliver lunch and Jason answered. When Jason found out my boyfriend broke his leg, he offered to get him all the things he needed and 20 mins later showed up with the lunch as well as all the extra goodies my boyfriend was unable to get for himself with his gimpy leg. Of course we paid him for the lunch and extras as well, but come on, that is service above and beyond and then some! And everytime we go to Agra, we always make sure to say hello to Jason!  : )
Me and my partner had a crave for Indian food. So we looked online and found Agra. We succeeded to satisfy our desire. At first we had difficulties to find the place because it is located on the first floor of its building. We were welcomed with corn bread, which I can't remember its name, and sauces. We ordered garlic naan and Tika Massala (recommended), and for desert we ordered rice pudding. We felt very welcomed, and left pleased.
Wonderful meal very authentic. I love the red painted decor. The wait staff is great. I love how quickly they keep clearing away plates when needed. It can be a little hard to find since you have to go up a flight of stairs and go right, but its a hidden gem and worth the visit. It can be a little chilly inside
I like one dish named 'kurma'  it's very delicious! This place is hard to find but deserve to go, they have fresh flowers on the table and very romantic lights, and beautiful indian music.
Came to the restaurant after finding only a sparse selection of Indian food where I was located. Our sever was: Anthony who was great. I'm not extensively versed in Indian food, but I've had my fair share and this was delicious. Additionally. They had very inexpensive, yet good carafe and half carafe of wine. The chicken masalas and nan was very good.
Entrance is up the stairs to 2nd floor so its kind of hidden. The food wasnt the best i have had but was inexpensive for lunch considering the other options in the area!
The off-whitish yellow colored walls of the complex's interior really threw me off. I walked up those stairs wondering if we were going to visit someone's place.  It's the typical walk-up apartment building feel with hard tiles and some well worn out stairs.  The door even looks like an apartment's regular door with a little sign.The transformation is an experience in itself. It reminds me of those secret clubs in the back rooms. The living room and master bed rooms were just filled with candle-lit romantic table seating.  The open windows facing outward were just a nice view of the street in our little fortress above.  I was pleasantly surprised.I would say this place is a hidden jewel. The waiters make great suggestions and really help with the best dining experience.  We ordered too much food and he made reasonable taste suggestions of what we should keep and which menu items were really repeated.  I appreciate the honesty.The food is tasty and the selection is vast. He even made my own order of chicken-paneer shag.  Good stuff.  Family style sharing and loud laughter about one thing or another - it just made me feel like we were at someone's apartment enjoying the evening with fine catering. It felt homely.The little apartment building converted into a restaurant. Classic. I wonder if rent is lower?
Amazing spot I will be going to for a long time. Found this place because of its close proximity to Hunter college. If i would have known about this before, I would have had many more meals here. The list of items  we had were:Complimentary Basket of Chapatis: so good and kept us busy while we waited for the food. the complimentary sauces were the best part and my husband even saved some sauce for the meal. Beef samosas: Delicious appetizer. similar to empanadas, but the filling had an altogether different flavor palette. sweet and savory. filled with wonderful aromatic flavors.Lamb dhan shaag:this was my husband's favorite. served with rice and lentils. it was sweet and reminded me of good ol' comfort food.Chicken vindaloo: from a 1 to 10 on the spicy scale this dish is a 12. My all time favorite Indian dish to date. bring napkins and have water! the waiter kindly  tried to warn me about the level of spiciness and when he saw how much I loved it he explained the history of the dish. It is actually originally Portuguese. you learn something new every day. this also came with rice and naan, which was so amazing to soak up all that SUPER spicy sauce. i didnt even need the rice to be honest.Bottle of casillero del diablo (cabernet sauvignon) : Although this is our favorite wine, we immediately regretted ordering it because it did not go well with the ULTRA spicy vindaloo. i walked out of that restaurant sweating, tipsy, and my stomach was a mess. just water next time.speaking of which, the bathroom was not even inside the restaurant which would be a downside, however, i was happy to take a cool bathroom break outside after all that spice and wine
Agra is one of those secret spots in New York. You even have to ring a doorbell to get into the building.  It's one of those restaurants up above on the second floor. With that said, Agra is not handicap accessible. There is no elevator.But there are beads and lights, curtains, and all the typical Indian décor. Agra feels cozy and it's quite nice to have a window table. You get to peer out into the street but you don't hear any of the city sounds. It's a great place for a date, family dinner, and friends. Too bad the food is just mediocre and the candles on the sconces still have their plastic wrapper on. I guess it's just for show.Don't get me wrong, you can get all your curry, veg, and biryani cravings filled here along with a food coma, but you won't be running back anytime soon. Instead you'll be plotting your next Indian excursion to be in Jersey City, Jackson Heights, Curry Lane, or Curry Hill. Anything else has got to be better than what you find in Midtown East/UES.We started with the Bombay Calamari and Assorted Appetizers. What made the calamari Bombay? It was flavored with mustard seeds, curry leaves, fried in a chicpea batter and drenched in a sweet sauce. The assortment of appetizers were a veg pakora, "samosas", and shami kebab. I did not see any samosas in the dish. Maybe I did not recognize them, as I am not an Indian cuisine expert, but I did not see them. What I did see were battered pieces of zucchini or eggplant. The appetizers were all deep fried and oily. I actually liked the complimentary pappadum which preceded them the best in terms of the appetizers.For our main dishes we ordered the Beef Curry, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Shag, Chicken Tandoori, and two orders of Nan. My friend actually wanted Chicken Vindaloo but specified it mild. The waiter then told her that if she wanted mild then she actually wanted curry. So curry it was for her and when it was served it turned into a beef dish. She still ate it and liked it. All the food looked good and we had no complaints. It just wasn't the best, IMO. I wondered if my tandoori was really authentic. I'm sure it was. As I mentioned before, I'm not an expert on Indian food, but as someone who does a great deal of eating out, for me to question the method of cooking, says something. I did really like the Nan as it was brushed with butter and tasted really good. I also took a liking to the side of cabbage which came with the meal. Agra is just a few blocks from my office and that is probably why I would return for a late dinner. Sometimes you just need a little more variety than Subway, Mariella's Pizza, and Brio.
Agra is our kitchen. We go at least once a month. Their food is VERY good.  Their naan and other bread are freshly softly baked and super yummy.  I have been to India 10 times on business in 2012, so I know what I am talking about.Downside is a bit pricey and the house is spooky, which makes this place fun.
I am extremely disappointed in how dishonest this restaurant was. I called to see if they had a lunch special and was told the special for the day was chicken tikka masala. I also ordered a mango lassi. I was then told the total would be $18 and change. This blew me away since that didn't sound like the price a lunch special should be but I ordered it anyway because I really wanted Indian and figured ok for that price I will probably get a good amount of food. Once I got my food it wasn't even a full portion. It was about 4 small chunks of chicken which were very dry and my mango lassi was in a soup cup not even the size of a regular drink. I was so upset. I then looked on the menu to see what the regular price would be if I had ordered a non-lunch portion. To my dismay I saw that that was the regular price and not a "special" at all. To me a business that lies and deceives its customers is a business that deserves to be called out. Many friends who live and work in the area had warned me to stay away and now I have learned my lesson. That food wasn't even close to decent. Because of the area this place can be very alluring but trust me stay away. I would rather have a bad slice of pizza then ever go back here.
Excellent food! I've been back a few times and I was never disappointed. The only thing I'm not thrilled about is the soup but everything else was amazing. The good outweighs the bad. It's a hidden gem in the heart of midtown
I've been meaning to try this place for quite sometime. I was fortunate to be in the area when my tummy started to growl. I walk up the flight of stars and entered India - basically. The ambiance and staff are so inviting. I ordered the Bombay shrimp as an appetizer followed by chicken vindaloo while sipping on their Darjeeling blend. The portions were perfect and the vindaloo was spicy-spicy (a huge plus). Impressive. I definitely will be back for dessert and cocktails. And the price is right - btw.
Took a chance on this "hidden gem" recommendation from Yelp search and it was EXCELLENT!!! The service was friendly and attentive, the food was delicious and fresh and the atmosphere was comfortable and relaxing! There is a reason they have been there since the 1970's. The only issue I can see being a bit of a problem is the flight of stairs you must climb to get up to the 2nd floor. Other than that...perfect!
What a gem!  Attentive staff, phenomenal food, great location.   Eating here was a wonderful surprise!
Best Indian food in the city! The building itself is a bit off-putting (it's on the second floor, so you have to walk up the stairs of a poorly maintained midtown building, but that's the buildings owner's fault), but the restaurant is charming and very clean, as is the kitchen. The staff is excellent, friendly, efficient, and always remembers both our names and our favorite order. They don't use cheap ingredients, don't slather everything in cream or use frozen garbage like 90% of the Indian restaurants in the city (and my husband is Indian so honestly I've been to at least 50 of them). The peas in their freshly made veggie samosas are nice and fresh and plump and bright green because they are fresh. Their papdam is the best I've tasted. Their coriander chutney is fresh and light and delicious. Their sag paneer is made of a hefty amount of freshly wilted spinach, caramelized shallots, seared paneer, no cream or buckets of oil. The chana masala chickpeas are firm, not smooshy and soggy, and the sauce is fresh and bright and the perfect balance of tangy, sweet and spicy. Also! They serve your wine or beer in a chilled glass. You don't stay in business in Manhattan since 1979 if you're not the very best! I love these guys and I love this place. And after traveling in India, too, I can tell you their food here is better and fresher and cleaner than anything I had in India, with significantly higher quality ingredients.
I would've given this place 3-stars for OK food and service, but it was really my experience with the check at the end that made me give this place a 1-star.I'm going to start with what happened after we paid the bill already, and was just leaving tip. I was looking at the individual line items and noticed that they charged $2 extra for the duck curry I ordered. On the menu it was listed as $15.95, and on the receipt they wrote down $17.95. I just thought it was an error on my part so when I went to turn in the receipt at the front, I asked to double check the menu again. They said that I had asked for extra spicy so they made it a duck vindaloo which was $1 extra. Fine, then where was that extra $1? That's shady enough that I specifically pointed to the duck curry which listed $15.95 and then you charge me $1 without telling me I'm getting something else all together, but why are you charging me another $1 extra? Apparently that was an oversight on their part and they'll just deduct tip by $1 to make up for it. Ultimately, whatever, it was $1 or $2 at most, but it was just the shadiness and nerve of them to charge me extra without me knowing that really pissed me off. Doing this kind of stuff is shady especially when you know most customers won't bother to look at the individual line items. You could've at least lied to me and told me the Vindaloo is $2 extra so that I would've felt a little bit better than being a victim of a careless "error". Charging for $1 extra for spicy is already shady enough, but charging me another $1 for the heck of it is atrocious. I guess lesson learned for me from now on at every restaurant to check the bill.Anyway, food was OK. Nothing out of this world. Spicy vindaloo is more so sour rather than spicy. Portion sizes were small but the food was tasty, and the cabbage is pretty decent. We got the garlic naan as well which wasn't like your typical naan is fluffy and chewy. This was more so on the harder crunchy side.
This was the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to. The food was just amazing. We ordered a few different types of chicken dishes and a vegetarian dish and it was phenomenal. Everything was good. The staff was very friendly too. They gave us suggestions to help us make the best choices. We literally ate every single bit of food that came to our table and left feeling extremely satisfied and happy. I will definitely be coming back even though it was a weird entrance and I kept tripping on the uneven floors. This is my new favorite Indian place. A must try.
I've rarely been to restaurants that require ringing a doorbell for entry. Don't let that discourage anyone from visiting Agra, however-- I'd gladly walk up to the top of the Taj Mahal to access the culinary delights of the subcontinent as presented by Agra.The stairway lighting is bright and hospital like. Walking through the doorway to Agra casts aside the industrial bulbs for dimmer lighting, paintings of Krisha and a comfortable dining room.Presented with complimentary papadums, we studied the menu and my wife struck curry gold:  behold the Royal Agra dinner.Assorted appetizers( We chose1 samosa, 4 bhujias (veggie fritters), choice of any soup (mulligatawny) and condiment (mango chutney) choice of any two curries (chicken, lamb, beef, keema, shrimp or vegetable) and then any choice of dessert.For 24.95!24.95!A feast indeed but I was hungry too so decided to order a chicken tikka and naan. Realistically, the Royal Agra dinner could be shared between two people if the parties involved are lighter eaters. Considering it's priced for one person, it's still an incredible deal.Dipping my naan into the chicken curry revealed a flavorful bite of mixed spices, none of which had me declaring a five alarm fire. This was curry that was pleasant, not an orgy of fire and brimstone. (Those are probably available on the menu though).All too often curry can be greasy and oily, a tepid patch of excess floating about that seems to resemble BP's recent accident. Not so at Agra, where the curry was pure, mild and a delight on the tongue.My chicken tikka was likewise a melange of yogurt, chicken cubes and spices that wasn't in any way excessive. No pools of orange goo here.Since my wife's feast came with dessert, I decided to freeload and share her firni, a custard made with coconut milk.I think it was a race between us to the clear part of the bowl.One minor problem was that the restaurant was a bit cooler, temperature-wise, than expected. Exiting into 75 degree weather was a relief!The staff was prompt with water refills and friendly at every check-in. We said we'd return and that is no lie.Additionally, the Agra Royal Dinner isn't the only unbelievably priced option for copious amounts of curry. The Shah Jahen dinner starts with fried shrimp and poori , the Bombay Dinner gives you shami kebab, etc. We were so happy at dinner's end we could have danced our way out  like Krishna and Radha.
I have ordered delivery several times. They always deliver in a timely manner & food is warm. The beef masala is always very good, as is the liver appetizer.
My husband and I love this place!  We ordered the chicken tikka masala and it was perfect!  The restaurant was cozy and clean and the staff were really friendly.  We've also gone to their Bayside location and it also was great!
Delicious! My favorites were the bread, warm and soft, but especially the Samosas. They are little crunchy but tender in the inside and perfectly spiced- bettter than the ones I had in India! We shared two lunch special for three and was enough, delightful: rice, marsala chicken and the lentils. Service 9/10.
Both the Yelp page and the sign outside the restaurant itself state Agra is open until midnight. That's not actually true.I went to Agra on a Saturday night at 10:40 and was told that the restaurant had already closed for the night. I told the staff member I thought the restaurant was open until midnight, but he said it is only open until 11. I checked the sign outside afterward just to make sure--it says they are open until midnight every night, even Sundays. This kind of misrepresentation is inexcusable; they need to change the sign, even if they just put tape over the wrong part and write on that.
Very simple decor, but the food and price are amazing - lunch menu is under 10$: GO.
The best chana masala I ever had!!! I've been to a lot of great Indian restaurants, but this one has set the bar really high!
Ordered take out. Naan were too thick. Gravy dishes were bland and oily. Service was quick and friendly.
Great food, good service, friendly staff and of course VEGAN FRIENDLY! What more could I ask for from 1 of my favorite types of cuisine? The place wasn't crowded and I had come on a weeknight during dinner time but I'll be sure to come back, no hesitation.
Even though my sister's close friend owns it- Agra has been around since the beginning. I have had Indian food at a lot of places in the city from the famous Haandi and Curry in a Hurry and all the LES Indian food spots. This place is hands down the best place to get Indian food. Not too hot- not too unhot. Just the right flavor and the right temperature. The service is top-notch (even though I get a bit more personalized service) I can tell that just about everyone here is a regular. Everyone is on first-name basis with Jason (the owner's son and person who runs the restaurant) and the same staff has been here for a while. The fact that it is intimate also helps. The beer selection is good. I absolutely love the vibe. The food is made with love. There are many great qualities about this place.5/5 for food5/5 for service5/5 for atmosphere5/5 for experience.P.S. Brought my lady-friend here on a date- she loved it.P.P.S. Brought my chef-friend here on business dinner- he loved it.P.P.P.S I love their food.
The owner personally selected food for us. We sat by the window overlooking the street. The atmosphere was perfect. The food was great. My kids love Indian food and this is their new favorite.
Finally made it back to NYC after two years and had to stop in for some Indian food.  Food is still good and owner, Jason is still as nice as ever.  Love how the restaurant is tucked away and secluded upstairs.  They also still give complementary dishes.  Waiters are good too, constantly refilling your water, etc.
I really loved this place all the vegetarian food was terrific. They substitute milk w almond milk and its quite delish!
My friend and I really enjoyed eating at Agra,It was a last minute decision but it was The right decision.The prices are really reasonable and the food in fact is really tasty.Though the restaurant is small in size the decor was charming I will say.The service was up to par.Overall it was a delightful experience and I will definitely go back and will recommend it to my friends.
Fabulous Indian food and atmosphere.  Our favorite for Indian food in NY.  We have been fans for years.  We heartily recommend Agra!
Not authentic.. Biriyani is just plain rice + some chicken gravy. Not customer friendly..
This was my first Indian restaurant in the city and it continues to be my favorite. I think about it every time I find myself on the East Side. I was introduced to Agra by a friend who'd been going there half her life. The staff have always been so friendly, welcoming, and attentive. I've brought my family and my roommates there and everyone has enjoyed wonderful meals. It's in an apartment building and it makes me feel like someone is cooking my dinner for me in their home. I adore the atmosphere and I always sit by the window so that I can look down at Lexington Avenue.The food is fantastic! I've had several different types of naan that have all been great. They put a good balance of potatoes and meat in their samosas (which is important in terms of texture) and the mango chutney is delicious. Though I do occasionally venture out and try something new, my go-to is the lamb curry. So, so good! I dive into it every time. All this, and the prices are pretty awesome. Go there for lunch!! You will get tons of incredible food for an amazing price.
I order delivery from Agra all the time!!  The food always comes fast, hot and yummy!  I've tried a few dishes here but my favorite is the chicken tikka masala (my usual go-to dish to compare indian restaurants) and their paratha bread is the best around.  Definitely a must try!
I decided to give this place a try based on the favorable reviews thus far. I agree with the other Yelpers; I was ready to turn around when I saw the sketchy stairway.The service was wonderful. The servers were very helpful with suggesting items to fellow diners (we overheard them; maybe we would have liked our meal if we had engaged them more). The meal was good, but definitely not what we expected. The samosas tasted like they were frozen. We ordered Shag Paneer, spicy. It came with absolutely no spice whatsoever. When asked about it, the server said, "we don't do it like that here." Do it like what, I wondered! I wanted spicy food! The Shag Paneer was listed as cheese cubes in creamy spinach. The spinach was sauteed and slightly wilted. The flavor was good, lots of garlic, but it was definitely not "creamy" by any means. Again, when this was brought to the staff's attention, his response was "we only put a teaspoon of cream; other restaurants put lots of heavy cream." Again, the flavor was good, but not as described on the menu; therefore, not what we were expecting, or in the mood for.
Excellent service and very authentic food! I got the chicken takki marsala and it was great. Atmosphere is so cool! Highly recommend.
Lunch is a good deal. However reading the reviews the food isn't as aromatic or flavorful as it seems. Also if you have mobility issues the second floor walk is treacherous. Service is pretty generic for a Indian joint.Pros: Close to BloomindaelsCons: Not as good as Brick Lane or Polash
Nice little spot. My boyfriend and I found it after leaving a performance at the Park Avenue Armory and this place hit the spot. Was it anything outstanding? No. But for a solid dinner and really polite service, totally right on.
A hidden jewel - A romantic evening for aficionados of Indian foodAs others have noted, this is one of those New York City secrets - you just have to know about it.  If you know how to find it and know the key to the passage, you will be allowed entry to order your supper.  I divulge it here, only to a select few:  Locate the corner of Lexington and 62nd.  Go precisely 4 doors north.  Seek an inconspicuous white door with a row of doorbells.  There, although you'd walk right past if you weren't paying attention, is plainly and cryptically marked, "Agra."  Press the button.  Now that you've gotten past the first step, don't turn back.  You'll be puzzled at first, but press forward!  It's a difficult but brief climb, then a little farther, and if you don't take a wrong turn you find the next portal.  Enter.  You are in a curry house.  It has a seasoned look.  Maybe a little worn and a little tightly seated.  It's been here many years and probably the menu doesn't change much.  Many tandoor, vindaloo and masala standards.  As you sit by the window, looking down and taking in Lexington Ave and its many travelers, you'll also notice quite a few customers entering that must be locals that know the place.*  It's that kind of a restaurant.Prices seemed about right - maybe a somewhat better value than some similar Indian establishments.  Entrees are $13 to $20, and appetizers, soups, salad, Indian breads or desserts are $3 to $7 each.  I suggest their dinners - multicourse affairs that give you more and cost you less ($20 to $25) than ordering dishes separately.  Wine is $7 or $8 for a small wineglass.  (Short list of beers and wines.)  The service we found more than adequate.  As with any India bistro, you will need to know what you like, but we enjoyed all that the cook turned out and especially recommend the tandoori chicken, porri bread, shami kebab, mulligatawny soup and the table papadum - all were made to our liking.  Desserts are rather generous.  We would have loved to try some other dishes, but we were pretty stuffed so we'll have to go again.  A fun NYC micro-adventure for the Indian gourmet!  * They know the secret.
First and foremost I would probably not come here for dinner or come across town for it.  However for something near my office its a fun little "forget its a workday" sit down lunch.  Good quiet place to catch up with a friend.  Go for the $7.95 Business Lunch: Choice of meat and curry, basmati rice, cabbage side dish, dal, and papadam, coffee or tea.  (Naan is 2.oo extra, what the what!) Yeah :( thats the kicker, the add ons.[-1] for each and everything being pretty oily[-1] for not bringing, nor asking me about, my included coffee or tea and for saying your choice of meat with ANY curry and then telling me that I dont get to choose, its just whatever the curry of the day is, contradicting what their current Yelp banner ad states.I like how I feel very sneaky and 'in the know' when pressing a button to an apt and getting buzzed in, going up a steep staircase and hanging a right into UES domestic dwelling land to find Agra nestled in there.  The ambiance is relaxed, natural lighting, magenta walls and low budget opulence. The staff are friendly in a matter of fact sort of way and the place is always a healthy level of halfway full, with options to sit in either of their two rooms in a cozy corner near an exotic arched doorway or next to the sun filled floor length windows.Say goodbye to eating in the cubicle with the flourescent lights and the odors wafting out from your coworkers microwave left overs ( ...that... smells .....terrible! )Take a journey to cheesy Bollywood on lex, yes its cheap, yes its excessively oily, but somehow its still good and hits that much needed food coma spot!  My tummy was dancing to this as I walked back to work...    youtube.com/watch?v=L5lF…
Wait staff was a bit slow and the entire night after eating here I had a very upset stomach and threw up. I'm not sure if it was their food but it was pretty much all I had eaten all day. Wasn't too satisfied with the chicken tikka masala. Was too sweet for my taste.
We had an awesome lunch at Agra. The lunch special was perfect - great flavors, a bunch of different dishes on one plate and perfect service. Plus, we got to sit at the open window, overlooking Lex. So, why am I giving them one measly angry star? The wife & I don't eat a lot in one sitting, so we tend to have a fridge full of leftovers. When we got home after a day in the city and tore into the leftovers from Agra, we saw the morons drained all the delicious curry sauce from all the meat dishes & crammed the veggies, cabbage & rice into the same container. All of the dishes that had such great robust flavor are now worthless. I've reviewed almost 30 Indian places - I LOVE INDIAN FOOD! I WAS REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO MY LEFTOVERS but you tools ruined a great lunch & 2nd lunch.it's not fair, I want my lamb curry back./pout
A few of us went for dinner Thursday evening.   Arrived at about 7PM; unfortunately for the owners the restaurant only had a few tables occupied.We started with Chana Poori and Bombay Shrimp.  The chickpeas were a great consistency and nicely spiced; the shrimp was great.Main courses included a Lamb Vindaloo,  a Chicken Tikka and a Lamb Rogan Josh, along with garlic Naan.  Everything was delicious; while the vindaloo was a bit hot for some of us i loved it.The staff were attentive, although again the restaurant was pretty empty.  Definitely worth a return visit and my recommendation.
Whenever I want Indian food, I go to Agra. I can't say it's the best Indian restaurant in the city, but their food is very good. They use a lot more spices compare to other Indian restaurants. I normally order Chicken Korma and it's so good. The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because its price range and food portion are not proportional... I weigh about 105 lbs and don't eat a lot, but I always get the feeling that the food is too little when I go or order.
My favorite Indian place ever. The food is tasty and delicious (both the meats and the vegetarian dishes), the naan is fantastic, and the staff is professional and friendly. And it's cozy. I liked the way it was when It had all of the cloth draped everywhere, but I'm sure that was a huge fire hazard, so whatever (hey, ambiance versus safety? ...okay, that's a tough one).Seriously, so good. The spices are just divine here.
I love this place it's easily the best food in the neighborhood and I order from them at least once a week. Huge portions and fast delivery. Highly recommended the tandoori chicken. Delicious
This is our go-to spot for Indian in the neighborhood.  It's kind of funny that you have to ring a doorbell to get let in and then you have to walk up a rickety set of stairs, but once you open the doors to the restaurant, you are greeted with some very friendly workers ready to serve you some great food.  The decor is a bit old and outdated, but I find it a very comfortable and homey place to dine.  They actually serve beef dishes unlike a lot of other Indian restaurants.  They don't mention this on the menu, but entrees also come with a bowl of lentils and a side of vegetables (mainly cabbage).  They also give you some papadum upon sitting down.
Went here a few weeks ago to catch up with a friend. I love when I can find a friend who enjoys Indian cuisine.... A rarity. We came here on chance, knowing nothing about them, and not even looking them up to read reviews. The place was pretty empty when we arrived which made me slightly nervous, but made for super fast service. Our waiter promptly brought over a full carafe of wine and gave us his menu suggestions. We hardly had to wait at all before our food was in front of us. OHHHH EMMMM GEEEE!! I haven't had Indian food this good in well over a year. The portions were huge and in retrospect, we probably could have shared our food. Our waiter came back frequently to fill our water and make sure we were doing ok and was so friendly. I think I may have just found my new go-to for Indian!
This is the worst place to try Indian food. First of all, the food they serve are mild and not at all authentic. I order chicken vindaloo which is suppose to be very spicy with thick gravy instead they served it mild with different"masala"..It seems they  use the same spices for all the menus..so whether u order chicken korma or chicken masala it will make no difference...   If you really wnat to try authentic India food try Dawat and Baluchi (kew Garden)..
Best Indian food I have ever had. My friends brought me here and the waiter knew exactly what we were having chicken tikki masala, naan, and rice. I have never tasted something so good in my entire life. I dream of their tikki masala and am so sad they do not deliver to my apartment. No other Indian restaurant can compare to the deliciousness of their chicken and naan, even their rice is better. Also, they have great coffee. I bring everyone here and do not stop talking about this place!
I went here with my coworkers after a long day at work and it was pleasantly delicious! At first, we were kind of creeped out by the fact that we had to enter a residential building to get to the restaurant, but it turned it was part of the charm.The service was very on point and professional and one of the waiters even told us they the restaurant had been running for 31 years. They must be doing something right..Downside: there was a one credit card maximum per table but we were able to coerce the waiter into splitting the check 3 ways with our cards.
We ended up here after a drink & draw at society of illustrators, looking for some food nearby.  We saw the familiar christmas lights of an indian restaurant, noticed it took up the whole 2nd floor and decided to check it out.  As soon as we entered through the hidden entrance of an apt building, we were greeted with warm delicious smells of indian curry spices and got excited.  The place was pretty empty and the service very attentive.  We ordered the chicken korma and lamb vindaloo.  The server warned me twice that the vindaloo was "very spicy."  We've been given these warnings many times before, to anticlimactic heat levels.  This vindaloo was honestly one of the best I've ever had.  It had more vinegary flavor than other vindaloos I've had, they tend to be very spicy and much less else (except for the goat vindaloo at dhaba, still the best I've ever had).  The lamb was soft and delicious.  The naan was fresh and the perfect compliment.  The chicken korma was sweet and creamy reminiscent of cream of corn.  Tried the Maharaja pilsner import since I had never seen it before, but it was basically like the others but sweeter so switched to Taj Mahal for the rest of the night.  Will definitely come back if I'm in this area again.
Having spent most of my life in Ldn I crave a good Ruby Murray [curry].  Chicken Tikka Marsala is the national dish of the English so I have been in cold chicken [turkey] for one year.  Agra was good.  Food good, service v smiley, decor v indian and stairs v steep.  Chicken Tikka Marsala and Chicken Jalfrezi were both well cooked spciey (but not too much) and v tasty.  Riced was ok and Peshawri Naan (cashmere) was fantastic - nuts and raisons.  Best curry so far.
First visit: Good food, bad service. The OWNER, who happened to be our waiter, forgot my sister's tea and after over 45 minutes of trying to wave him over, he brought her the tea in a to-go cup. It tasted like water and was a waste of money. Also, they sat my sister and I next to an OPEN fire escape window that was literally swinging in the wind. We had to ask them to close it. Second visit: My sister and I only went back because she was craving lamb. Meals were good, BUT yet again, after the owner took our order, our LEMONADES WERE FORGOTTEN. Also, my chicken tika-masala was tasty, BUT the bean soup and fried ball that came with it were both flavorless and inedible. Moral: Most of the food is pretty good, but not good enough to return after 2 visits with less than stellar service from the owner himself. BEWARE OF CRAPPY SERVICE.
Decent indian. Ordered lamb curry. Meat was a little tough but curry was nice. Good bread. If nearby and feel like Indian I think you could do worse.
This really is truly a gem in the city.  The food was flavorful and the service was just as everyone said: attentive and wonderful.  How often do you get that?  I don't know why everyone's afraid to give five stars, ahem. We learned - as we were stuffing our faces with malai kofta and some chicken dish Jason recommended that made my fiance feel the need to eat the whole dish even though there was so much food - that Bernie Madoff used to be one of their customers and he used to bring his clients there all the time.  They've lost a lot of business as a result.  I highly recommenf this place to anyone.It was bangin, pure and simple.
Loved this restaurant. We stumbled upon it while shopping and it had the best Indian food I have ever tasted. I got the chicken tikka masala and my mom got the spinach and cheese dish. I highly recommend this restaurant because my mom and I both thought it was delicious!
The worst food I've ever eaten. as a critic, I like lots of food, but not only the food is bad. The service is terrible too! The waiter was pouring my wine, and he spilled it all over my face and shirt and then it fell and broke. He just walked away and I said " can someone please clean this up?" He said "sure, someone's on the way". After waiting an hour for someone to help me, the manager finally came. He cleaned it up and said "sorry sir, but since you broke our silver wear you will be charged the amount it was bought for" I yelled " what?!?" And he walked away! Now to the food part, when I ordered my tandoori chicken, it tasted awful! It was so chewy and not cooked at all! Not only that!! There was a used band aid INSIDE the chicken!! And almost 12 hairs on it!! IM DISGUTED!! After finding out about the chicken. I hurled on the table and ran out! Not paying at all! I hope this buisiness is taken down!
This place is great! The beef curry with peas is awesome and the vege samosas are awesome, too! Its a little weird walking in, at first, but now that I discovered it, I'm going to go there all the time. Its a shame they dont deliver through SeamlessWeb or else i'd have it for lunch quite often. The decor inside is actually cute and cozy. The prices are not crazy midtown prices. Definitely a hidden gem.
Definitely a fan. My big sister told me about this place she wanted to try when I was visiting NYC this weekend. I attempted an easy walk there and instantly got lost (I'm from Boston I have no idea what I'm doing and there were so many distractions haha). After grabbing a 5 dollar cab from WHEREVER I was... I arrived at the front of this restaurant. As the other reviewers said, the entrance is a bit off putting but it is by no means a reason to not push that buzzer and head upstairs for some really great food. The inside was warm and cozy and we were seated right by the window overlooking the street. The place was quiet and the service was pretty perfect. He let us catch up like we had to, and he wasnt buzzing around us all night. He was a little slow bringing the check once we were finished but at that point the place was filling up.. and I'm pretty sure he was the only server. I ordered the curry chicken and a standard but yummy glass of sauvignon blanc. The food came out quickly and with daal, cabbage and we had some really great naan. The curry (i ordered medium) was perfectly hot and wonderfully seasoned. My Big said her Tika Masala was great too. Was it the best Indian food I have ever had? No. Was it great quality, tasty and affordable? Yes. If you like little cozy, warm restaurants and want to park it at a table and chat for a couple of hours.. this is a great place to do it. If I lived in NYC, I would definitely be back.
Visited with Angie on Tuesday, April 22. Very favorable overall impression - a quiet spot, considerate, non-invasive service, delicious, sensibly priced food. We ordered a lamb kurma and also - a duck kurma, not very typical Indian dish. Both were seasoned in a balanced, pleasing the palate manner, sufficiently large portions of meat, sauces and rice. In addition to the crispy bread they threw some extra for free, the nan was perfect. The Taj Mahal beer was not only properly cooled but also served in a Taj Mahal chilled beer mug, very refreshing. Overall the meal at this place lifted our mood and spirit after a busy, troublesome working day, provided the much needed relaxation and calm in a pleasant filled with delicate Indian music environment. It was way better than we would have expected on that stretch of Lexington Avenue.
Indian food is a bit new for me.  Friends have taken me to Agra a few times now...and I look forward to going back again and again.  My friends tend to order the appetizers, mostly vegetarian dishes, breads and dips.  However, they are all very good with spice levels that vary.  I tend to order a lamb dish and have found that they can range the spice level from 1 to maybe 12.  I have done 5/6 and dig it.  It might take some time to kick up the spice notch from there, but I aim to try.  The main courses are accompanied by rice, so that helps temper the flame, however, I do like my food spicy and Agra has not disappointed.  Yes, the entry way is unique, but that's part of the charm.  The staff has always been very friendly and they will answer any questions you might have about the menu and the way dishes can be prepared.  We have tended to order wine by the carafe (and, yes, the spice makes you need to order at least two carafes), and in the end find the experience priced well.
Agra is of those places that you have to know about to go to. As other said, the entrance to the restaurant is not at street level, you have to ring the doorbell on an outside door and go up into an 'apartment'. What you will find inside is a clean, quiet, and authentic Indian restuarant.Not only are the setting and atmosphere on point, but the waitstaff is extremely welcoming and attentive. You'll see that the menu is complete with all of the staple traditional Indian favorites.Most of the dishes are strong, and the prices are reasonable enough that you will be able to fill yourself up with spending too much. My personal favorite is the naan (which is available in several varieties). The curry isn't the best that I have had, but it is traditional and shouldn't dissappoint.Next time you are in the UES with a craving for Indian, stop by Agra.
Every other Indian restaurant should ask their patrons (and their aunts) to go to Agra atleast once, even cover their cheques, to keep them coming back for more.The absolute worst of Indian food
So so Indian food...service is not great and the food is not presented well.  I was in the mood for good Indian food....I'll keep looking!
Me & my friends were scheduled to meet here at around 7:30pm, the waitstaff set up our table & were so understanding even when the rest of the party was slowly arriving up until 8:30pm! Agra is on the second floor of the building which may be easy to miss but it's definitely a little gem. Once inside I was surprised to see how clean & authentically decorated it was.We started off with the Assorted Appetizers ($6.25) which was as you can imagine, assorted goodies; all very delicious & done well. Then we ordered a bottle of red wine which they have a variety of which are also well priced ($25).I had the Lamb Vindaloo ($14.95) which they warned me was extremely spicy but I was able to manage; I really thought it would be worse. Overall, with the naan & rice it was really tasty while the meat was perfectly tender. I'd watch out for the desserts. We ordered the mango ice cream ($4.95) & they gave us pistachio ice cream on the house. The pistachio was good but the mango was super freezer burnt. This was the reason I gave it 4 stars, I actually wanted to give them 4 1/2 but that isn't allowed.
Agra is a wonderful versatile place to satisfy all needs, from a quick lunch to a private party.  Not being a big fan of Indian food, I was reluctant to accept a dinner invitation to this restaurant at first.  But it was  a good thing I went.  I was pleasantly surprised by the cozy interior, friendly and prompt service and, most of all, delicious food.  Since then, I've been coming back frequently and even booked a small party.  The owners were delightful to deal with: courteous, customer oriented and reasonable with prices - refreshing attitude comparing to all other Indian restaurant owners in the area I have dealt with.  My guests enjoyed the food and drinks, did not feel rushed and loved every minute of it!
First time I went for dinner. Second time I got the Special Business Lunch. Beef curry served with basmati rice, dhal and cabbage FOR ONLY 7.95. The food is delicious and the portions are perfect.
Agra is literally a hidden gem that you rarely just stumble into. It's a business that is buried within the miles and miles of tall skinny buildings in Manhattan. The first time I went was on a Thursday, around 8:30 and there was no problem getting a table even though we had a party of 8. Between all of us, we ordered 7 entrees, and that was moooree thank enough to feed everyone. Chopped cabbage, bread, and a bean soup/sauce to neutralize the flavor (incase it's too spicy) were served to the table. Last night I went there again with two friends who were vegetarian. Since Agra's menu is has a bunch of variations, there was no problem with having vegetarian selections. They also have a good variety of nan bread, so we tried their garlic nan. Yum. I ordered a Lamb Dan Shag (11.95), with was a stew like mix of lamb, spinach, lentils and pineapples. The dish was delightfully sweet, which was a good surprise because I never had much Indian food that's sweet. My order came with basmati rice which was also tasty.Their service is always great too so it's definitely worth a visit. Their entrance is next to a grocer/deli and it's on the 2nd floor. There's a small sign on the door and that's it. Word of mouth will most likely bring you here, so I am here so spread it because I think they definitely deserves more business.
I really wanted to like this place, I really did.  I walked by, and it looked interesting so I did a quick yelp search on my BlackBerry and saw promising reviews so I tried it.  Rang the bell and walked up the stairs to eat?!I walked up the stairs to what seemed more like a friends apartment rather than a restaurant, but oh well, it adds to the experience.  I got there right at noon, so I was the first person, I was seated rather quickly, I chose to look over Lexington.  I was quickly brought some papadum along with some sauces, the green was rather good, the onion one I did not care for.  My order was quickly taken, there is a choice of  Beef, Lamb, Chicken, Keema or Vegetable Curry; or anything off the menu.  I had the Lamb curry, it cam out quickly along with rice and some sort of lentil soup.  The lamb was nice a tender, the rice was great, the soup was very good, and unexpected, but the curry was rather plain.  I was rather disappointed with that, because the rest was good.  All that for $8.25.  Not bad all things considered.I think I might try again and order something else, I hope it was just the lunch special curry that was a clunker.The single private restroom is in the stair way, rather cramped, and it didn't look like it was well stocked, I looked around but could only find paper towels.  Nothing spectacular 3 Flushes.
Found this little gem on yelp, and glad I did. Its cool because it seems hidden, gotta buzz downstairs to gain entry. Excellent service. Great lunch special, tons of food. I like it really spicy, and they didn't let me down. Get the naan bread!
Went for lunch with a coworker. We started off with the Bombay Shrimp and Garlic Naan. The shrimp was okay, four pieces cooked in spices with a thick sauce. I ordered the Shag Paneer and he went with the Lamb Curry. Both dishes were spicy so I enjoyed it. Lamb was soft and tender. Came with a heaping of rice so we were pretty stuffed afterwards. Passed on dessert. The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was that everything was really oily. My plate was covered in oil after I was finished. I'll probably be back since there isn't another Indian restaurant that's so close to work.
the UES has bullocks for Indian but not anymore. Don't be but off by and odd residential entrance, Arga's cuisine is as solid as they come. Not ritzy but full of quality standards; chicken tikka masala, kormas, sag panner, the works and every plate comes with attentive service.great for when you have a jones for a curry and you find yourself a stones throw from Bloomies and the lot. Pop in, you won't regret it.
Agra is a great little spot to hit up for a Friday lunch.  The food is tasty and plentiful.  The staff is very welcoming and attentive.
My girlfriend always wanted to stop by this restaurant. Finally today we visited the place. The biggest disappointment ever... The place is OK, but the food was horrible: chicken pakoda was no different than chicken fingers with honey mustard sauce. Chicken Tikka came out on a plate (instead of a steaming pan) cold and not spicy at all (even though we ordered it spicy). The naan was too thick and not cooked inside. Not to mention staff that was too pushy, wanting us to buy more food every time they came to the table. What really threw me off was the stained and greasy menu that I was provided. I thought it was only the outside of it, but every single page was very stained and greasy (I said, hey it happens). I respect other people's reviews, but I guess it was not our day. The only thing that was fine was Kingfisher , but even having my glass full of beer didn't stopped us from getting out of there ASAP. We didn't finish our beer, we got the check and ran out. We laughed about it after because it was meant to be a great time together! I guess the entrance to the place should have given us a hint ...I hope you all have a better experience. I'm never going back. There is a place called Delhi Heights in Queens (right off the Roosevelt station), best Indian Food I've had and affordable with live music every day. This is just a suggestion. I hope this review was useful.
I think I have a new go-to Indian spot!  Ordered delivery last night and the vindaloo made me sweat (which is the point in my opinion!) and the tandori was melt in your mouth, fall off the bone delicious!  Portions were pretty big so even more exciting are the leftovers in my fridge!
The menu is typical for Indian restaurants, but the dishes are better than in many places. Flavors are fresher, more complex, and don't suffer from the overly oily and salty problem that is too common in Indian restaurants. Warm, attentive service. Steps are steep and could be prohibitive for some people, but the environment inside the restaurant is lovely.
We were in the mood for Indian food but we were just tourists wandering around the Upper East Side. We saw the sign and were intrigued by the upstairs setting that reminded us very much of our trip to India. Many regulars came in while we were there, I thought it was cute because they all talked about where the "usually sit" so I guess they have a good following. We had a sampler of appetizers and two entrees (one vegetarian) and I left stuffed silly. I only wish I had room for more than a sip of the chai my husband ordered, it was very well made.
