Paneer burjee smelled like a dirty wet rag left for weeks to soak. Never again. Aloo fried is shoe string french fries with the oldest unfresh oil ever. Vegetable biryani was okay but they used frozen vegetables instead of fresh. Biryani was without raisins, cashew, spices etc. Condiments and deserts were spoiled. Guess we shouldn't have ordered at night but still. Was not the best for us reaal waste of money but lesson learned.
They did not deliver everything I ordered. When I called about it, the guy basically said there was nothing he could do because it was closing time. I called again the next day to receive the rest of my order, and the same guy basically said I needed to order more food in order for them to bring the other stuff. Ridiculous, terrible service and food wasn't even that good. Never ordering from this trash hole again. IF YOU GUYS WANT GOOD INDIAN FOOD, ORDER FROM ASHOKA GRILL. Their service and food is much better.
This place has a super nice owner and the best Indian food I have had in a long time. Masala ice tea (with lime instead of milk)  complemented  very well the vegetable curry and saag which were both beyond just good. Can't wait to return for another meal
The worst rasmalai everrrrHome made and rotten Dont even think of ordering ras maalai here
Being from an Indian restaurant family, I understand the importance of good quality food and service. I ordered delivery which was promot and on time, the guy was very nice. Now lets get to the food. Indian restaurants in Brooklyn cater to non indians, i understand but at least make your food somewhat authentic. My chicken Tikka masala was rubbish, i mean really? Chicken Tikka Masala is supposed to be creamy, rich etc. Not the sweet bull they sell in Brooklyn. Salad had tons of brown lettuce, mulligatawny soup was as if it was made in a factory. The mango chutney i received was rotten, come on guys dont do that to people. Overall, go to queens for some decent Indian food. I've tried several places in Brooklyn and none have met my standards.
Inattentive service... Blah food even the rice was subpar... Dessert was a disaster. The soup was the highlight but it shows up under different names with some veggies added as differentiation.
Lunch took about an hour and 20 minutes to arrive, and part of the order was wrong. The naan was good and the chana saag was tasty if salty (as were the other dishes), but I wouldn't bother with this place again.
Came here for lunch. My order was taken by the owner, who seemed polite. The wait was about 20 minutes for take out. The food was good, I ordered chana shag with rice and daily special of veg samosa as an appetizer, and chicken tikka masala with rice entree. The naan was delish btw, which came with the meal. When i got home, i realized i was charged an extra 4 dollars for the samosa that was suppose to be included in the 13.99 daily special price. I was so hungry i wasn't paying attention...he wont get me again!!! Also I did not get the white rice for the chana shag. :( I'm knocking off one star for dishonesty, but I'll let him redeem himself one more time!  Check your order before you leave...and your bill.
Where to start. My husband and I decided to order delivery from here. Now, we didn't necessarily have any expectations since we've never eaten here. Plus, getting delivery never tastes as good as eating it fresh at the restaurant. However, one can still get satisfaction from a delivered meal. Not from Great Indian Curry though. We ordered two mango lassis, the chicken tikka masala dinner special (comes with rice, condiments, app, and naan), and the saag paneer dinner special. We chose the grilled lamb tikka as our app. The food arrived, and we were super excited. Our first disappointment was that they totally forgot our two mango lassis. We immediately called the restaurant, and they said they would send it over right away. Well, we didn't want our food to get cold so we started eating... Although we ordered two lamb tikkas for our apps, one of them ended up being chicken. It didn't matter though, both the chicken and lamb tasted like dried cardboard - like the sad little kabobs have been sitting under a heat lamp for 10 hours - that's what it tasted like. We then dug into our chicken tikka masala and saag paneer. Never in my life have I tasted such watery Indian food. The saag paneer's seasoning was off, and it lacked that thick rich consistency that's normally there. The chicken tikka masala was worse - the sauce was soooo watered down it was like a thin soup. And the chicken pieces were so dry, I think they have also been sitting under a heat lamp for 10 hours like our appetizers. We were so disgusted. It was like they didn't feel like making new fresh food, so they took someone's leftover saag paneer and chicken tikka masala, and added water to "add volume" and called it a day. We couldn't finish our food. By then, nearly an hour had passed since we called about our mango lassis. So we called the restaurant again, and told them never mind, there's no point for them to still bring it to us, and to just kindly refund us for the lassis. The restaurant refused, and it was only until we said we would dispute the charge on our credit card did they agree to refund us for the lassis. But "out of kindness" they still wanted us to have the lassis. So it's way past midnight, we finally receive the lassis, and after one look at the fluorescent orange drinks, and one sip of the oddly viscous liquid, we had to dump it anyway. I have a feeling they won't refund us for the lassis. But either way, never again will we getting food from here. Not so "great" indian curry after all!
the food was 2 hours late. when they delivered it, it was cold and really nasty. as soon as I opened the first dish, there was a huge hair on top. food looked greasy, cold, rancid and not at all yummy.the order wasn't complete as I was missing my drinks, bread and a salad I paid for. plus they didn't give me utensils. did they want me to eat that nasty food with my fingers maybe? when I called the place and told them that they could come back and pick up the bag with food as I'm not eating it, the Indian gentelman with an indecipherable Indian accent started to yell at me when I let him know that I'm cancelling my Amex order. he continued to yell at me in Indian. I just hung up.   I wish I could give this place 0 stars
I placed an order on seamless & I received an order WITHOUT rice. Who does that? I told the delivery guy and he couldn't really understand me so he told me to call the restaurant, which I did. I get someone on the phone and proceed to tell him what happened. After 7 minutes of waiting for him to 1. Find the seamless order 2. Arguing in his native language with the person who packaged the order, he finally agrees to send over the rice they forgot. So I ask, "How long will it take for the rice to come? He says, "We don't have any delivery guys right now it's going to take an hour." An HOUR.. I don't know about you, but I find that to be ridiculous. The guy refused to give me my money back and was extremely rude and disrespectful, he told me to come to the restaurant and f*ck him. I've been ordering from them for over a year and today will be my last time. Do NOT order from them!!!
Great hidden gem on Flatbush avenue. Best Indian I have ever tried. The owner is very pleasant and service is great. A definite must try
First time ordering from here.  The samosas were great.  The Paneer tikka masala dish I had was really sweet, which was strange.  It tasted okay, but I did not expect it to be sweet because I haven't ever had it like that.  I'd prefer it was NOT sweet.  My fiancé had a chicken dish and he said it was also sweet.  The naan was tasty.  I probably won't order from here again if I can find a better Indian restaurant.  Delivery was quick but we ordered on a Monday evening which is probably not a very busy evening.
Really great Indian food. The price was great. If you want authentic Indian cuisine, with real Indian spices, this is the place for you. I will definitely be going back.
The food is great but I ordered food at 8:32pm it's minutes before 11:00pm I know it's raining but a call or something would have been nice. This is the second time I have had to wait on this place. I will not make this mistake a 3rd time. Luckily I had a can of tuna. Seamless needs to stop these guys.
Great food and serving is really great. We had tried daal, eggplant and allo prantha and it was tasty with good spices.I would highly recommend this restaurant and would love to visit whenever i am in that area.
I ordered dinner for 2. We has 2 soups (Mulligatawny), 2 orders of veggie samosas, 1 Tandoori Chicken and 1 Chicken Masala, and 2 desserts. It came with rice and one naan. I ordered a second naan (onion). Everything was excellent except the soup which was just not to my liking. Nothing wrong with it, just not what I was used to. It was so much food, more than enough for 2 meals apiece. The owner was very, very nice (even giving me a mango lasso while I waited for my food to be prepared) and I would definitely go back again.
Inordred delivery from this place, and I got little disappointed by the food. I ordered curry chicken with rice, and 2 nans, one plan and one with garlic. The food arrived quickly, and it was warm when I got it. The problem was the taste and the amount.there were only 8 pieces of chicken, and way too much curry source. The nans were good, and they are the reason that this review get 3 stars and not less. But from a place that called great Indian curry I'd expect more.
Great tasting food at very cheap prices. The curry has a lot of flavor and the spices are well balanced. Even the mulligatawny soup, which is usually a throw away item at these places, was very tasty. The chicken tikka was really well seasoned and yummy as well, I would recommend that dish to people who aren't really into Indian food. I live uptown, but I would definitely go out of my way to eat at this place again; my new favorite Indian spot.
I had to come to Yelp and rave about this restaurant. I ordered from grubhub and when I was eating I realized that they forgot the Garlic naan I had ordered. I called the restaurant and they actually apologized and immediately sent a delivery boy with the garlic naan! No other restaurant would do that for anyone. The food was great too! And still affordable. I give this restaurant 5 stars for food and for so helpful and nice. Will definitely order from here again!
Wonderful, flavorful food. I always get the lamb byriani with samosas. I live a few blocks away and service is very timely, and staff is very polite. Would recommend to anyone who likes Indian!
If you expect great quality and a good portion of food do not order from this restaurant. I ordered a Seafood lunchbox (salmon) for $10, which includes salmon, rice, naan bread, a can of soda, and Channa in spinach curry. However, I received 3 small bits of Salmon in bowl of gravy and the remaining items. I called the restaurant to complain about the portion of the food, but they were rude and unprofessional(they hung up the phone on me). The restaurant's excuse for giving 3 small bits of salmon with a bowl of gravy is that salmon is too expensive. I don't understand why would they serve salmon for $10 if it's too expensive. I felt cheated out of paying $10 for rice, naan, channa, a can of coke, and gravy. I will never order from this restaurant ever again. I wouldn't recommend it either. This restaurant is dishonest and unprofessional.
My sister and I went here tonight and ordered takeout specials which were $14 each, appetizer and entree. My sister ordered banana fritters which she loved and I thought were fine. She also ordered the salmon entree. The salmon was perfectly tender. Both our entrees didn't have a ton of meat. Which I guess is okay with me, the flavors made up for it. I still had leftovers. My sister didn't. I found all of the chutneys to be delicious and I was really excited about them. My entree was the potato patty dish which was crisp on the outside and nicely mashed inside and was perfectly hot and went well with the sauces. I ordered lamb vindalu which was tasty and tender enough for me to share with my 13 month old. It had some spice, but nothing overpowering. The naan was hot warm and delicious and so was the rice. The man I assume to be the owner was super friendly and explained the Bollywood movie that was playing to us and also gave me a sample of mango lassi for my sleepy/cranky daughter which was delicious. She also drank a lot of the fresh, seasonal fruit smoothie we have, and she doesn't even drink anything but breastmilk typically. Anyway this is was delicious. I'd enthusiastically recommend it to a friend.
This is a great spot. The food is rich, well seasoned, and the portions are generous. The mango lassi and the rice pudding dessert is also top notch. The service is attentive and friendly. Overall, a really good place to indulge in some Indian comfort foods and classics.
Ordered chicken Tikka masala. The chicken was tender but the it lacked flavor and the basmati rice was bland, not even season with salt. I've had better authentic Indian food in Brooklyn and this is not the place. Sorry
Food was great and great customer service!! We were seated immediately and the food was brought out in good time.
Hidden gem of Flatbush Ave! Try the daily special--you get a lot of food for a reasonable price. It comes with an appetizer, (I had the delicious samosas) an entree, naan bread, Basmati rice and raita yogurt. I had the chicken tikka masala--some of the best I've had. Service was quick and they even gave me a sample of a mango lassi to drink while I waited.
Had a taste for some evening indian food..found this place on seamless.  Had the chicken biryani and chicken curry with garlic naan. Though the naan was a bit rubbery. The biryani was well seasoned and the curry was just as nice.  My order came promptly, will definitely order again.
We just moved here, walk down the street, and walked in!So, First impressions. We walked in and the place was pretty clean, white tables clothes, cloth napkins, and stemware. The owner was very nice, gave us some very delicious mango shake samples. He was very attentive, and gave us suggestions on the menu.They have a large menu full of both familiar and adventurous Indian dishes. the dishes include lamb, chicken, seafood, veggie options.Delivery is free.We ate from their dinner specials menu which includes an appetizer and Entree, a side of very well prepared basmati rice, bread, yogurt or chutney, and sauces. Chicken, lamb, seafood, veggie.Wife and I got take out, Lamb Kabob app with Chicken Curry for me, Veggie Samosas and Vindalu Lamp. Everything was very good. Everything was fresh tasting, had great depth of flavors, and just the right amount of spicy. We like to get two items and share so we can maximize each trip to restaurants. We both had left overs, even sharing. You could totally split one with a friend.It is not the most inexpensive of eateries, but the menu selection and quality great.
Ordered delivery which came on time. Most of the food was ok, but they delivered the wrong appetizer. I ordered Kachori, they delivered Alu Papri, and when I called to straighten out the issue they tried to play off the Alu Papri as Kachori, like a cold tin plate of chickpeas and yogurt looks like a stuffed puff pastry. I can't believe their customer service is that bad, but they could do worse.
I ordered the Chicken tikki masala special and it came with 2 samosas (you were able to pick the which ones), 4 different sauces, naan, and rice. The food lasted me two days lol. The chicken was really really good, some of the best Indian food I've had. There is definitely more sauce than chicken, but I didn't mind, because the sauce was amazing. I will be ordering from them again.
Unbelievable Mulligatawny soup!! The best I ever ate.  Good prices and great service. Tried a lot of places on Flatbush Ave. This one is the best.
Service is awesome! They are prompt with delivery. However, their food is extremely oily and heavy on sauces. My boyfriend ordered the curry chicken and there was more curry than chicken. He actually saved the tub of remaining sauce and added his own chicken. I ordered kofta and it could've been soup. I had to fish for the kofta in the sauce. I will only order from them if no other option exist.
Ok this place is seriously good!!! It's what Indian food it's supposed to taste like. Very flavorful and I didn't have to add anything not even salt to the meal! Honestly from what I've noticed yelp reviews that have the most reviews and best ratings are usually under rated. Its places like this that I would never normally try that shock me with good food. This place is legit.
I took a friend out to his first Indian meal at this restaurant. I was supremely glad for having done so. The service was excellent, top notch.. Definitely a restaurant I would return to. We got all the staples: Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Channa Masala, Chicken Briyani, Fish Vindaloo, with Naans and Mango Lassis all around. Standard fare though it may be, it was well executed. Good for small families. Would recommend.
These people are real crooks. They were 30 minutes late and brought stone cold naan and forgot an item in my order. Then they refused to refund me. The food was terrible. The Aloo Gobhi had cream in it and tasted horrible.
This is a great new restaurant. The staff were very friendly and generous. On my way in the guy taking orders gave me a free sample of the mango yogurt drink he makes and it was amazing. The food (I got vegetable curry with a side of naan bread and it was totally rocking. I am lucky to live so close to this place! Thanks!
This is a great little gem of a sit down restaurant (which is kind of hard to find in this neighborhood). It's quiet, BYOB (!!), and the owner/host treats us like 1st class citizens every time. Great value for the food. Complimentary lassi (not always, but enough to make an impression), spicy and rich curries, and fantastic customer service is making this our new go-to around the corner place.
After coming home many nights to roommates indulging in delicious looking Indian food, I finally gave Great Indian Curry a try. Initially I had had a poor experience with delivery, but they made it right -- very apologetic and threw in a few free items for the inconvenience. Needless to say, I've given them a few tries after and haven't been disappointed. I've only ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (hey, I know what I like) and it's delicious -- my only complaint is there is actually very little chicken and a lot of sauce (just seems wasteful). The samosas are amazing and the naan bread is always hot and fresh. In a neighborhood filled with not-so-great dining options, this is a wonderful addition and I wish them success.
Some of the best Indian I've had and my foodie girlfriend liked it at least as much as I did if not more. Had the dinner special for two, papadum starter, 2 soups 2 apps 2 mains 1 bread and 2 desserts plus rice for $30, great deal. Ate lamb korma, saag paneer, coconut soup, onion pakora, and gulab jamun, all delicious. Out of this world lunch specials too, 40% off in store! Excellent service if not the fastest but so personable. Go here yesterday!
Delicious food! So jealous I don't live in the delivery zone. Would definitely come again
Excellent Indian food as good as anything I had in Manhattan.Priced right with ample portions.The nan is the best I ever had. Wonderful service..
Had the paneer tikka masala wasn't.that great. Too much curry compared to the small pieces of paneer. Daal makhani was okay. For the price paid the food didn't seem worth it.
I've eaten here quite a few times and I've never been disappointed! The food is delicious and prepared quickly. The staff is very friendly and I feel comfortable when I walk through those doors. If you're in the area, you should definitely try Great Indian Curry. The name says it all!
Delicious, fresh, authentic Indian food. The staff are super friendly and sweet. 40% off lunch when you dine in?!? Cannot beat that. We got the chicken tikka masala and chicken with vegetables. The chicken is all white meat, fresh and juicy. The naan bread was homemade and to die for. We loved it.
Super quick delivery. Lamb vindaloo was awesome but was not impressed with Chicken Tikka. Too much on the sweet side. Also the size of the "large chutney platter" was tiny. Wish I had more. The naans were good although smaller than usual from other places. Overall would order again but not the Chicken Tikka since the taste was drastically different than any other Indian place I've had it in.
This is my first time here and the staff are very friendly and accommodating. While I waited the offered me a sample of their mango lasi  it was delicious!
Agreed! Best Indian in Brooklyn! Kumar, the owner is awesome! Fresh Naan, Samosas, Chicken TIkka and Chana Saag was so good! Staff is friendly and helpful and so kid friendly. We are picky foodies and this place is no joke! No need to go to the East Village! Rice pudding for everyone!
Great Indian Curry lived up to its name. Mango lassi was delicious. Good prices. Friendly service. Would recommend.
Lamb vindaloo is great. Very tender just as others noted. The plain rice is very good too!  The samosas are a little bland.  But as the name indicates, the strength here is the curry and main dishes.  I recommend the lamb vindaloo for sure. When you order it, you can choose your spiciness level.
This is the first time I'm writing a review. But the food was very good. Delicious. Super nice service.
Best Indian food I've had in Brooklyn. Great curry, great saag. The lunch box looks small but it's definitely enough for 2 servings. I really enjoyed the food and good portions.
Ordered from here for delivery last night. The food was incredible. Some of the best indian I've had. Ordered some chicken tikka masala, shrimp vindalu,  some veg samossa,  and gobbi. Very peased!
I don't really eat Indian food but I ordered from Great Indian as the menu on grub hub made it easy to pick an entree because of the great details of each menu item (Thanks!). I truly loved what I ordered and it was a TON of food. The vegetable Samosas were everything!
We walked by this place earlier in the day and decided to give it a try for dinner. We walked in and were warmly welcomed. We asked for a menu to order take out, and the owner gave us each a small glass of mango lassi while we looked it over. I ordered Chicken Madras and my wife ordered Lamb Rogan Josh. Within 10 minutes of ordering we were on our way. We took a menu with us in case we liked it and wanted to order again. We were VERY PLEASED with our food and will definitely return!!! Delicious food and excellent service!!!!!!
Found them on Seamless and ordered the Dansak Curry, which was a dish I'd never seen before. It was delicious, as was the naan. Will def order again...
My fiancé and I just had dinner here, and the food and the service were great. Kumar, the owner, was very attentive. We will definitely be back!
Delicious food, prompt service, and kind owner! The level of spiciness was just perfect for me:  very warm and flavorful. Great regular prices and incredible special deals. Will definitely be coming back again!
Lovely new place in a spot where other Indian restaurants have tried and failed. They have several menu items that I've never seen; super yummy ones! Inside is painted like the Indian flag and looks really cool. Vegetarians and those who love them will be in for new experieces, along with old favorites.
