We have had several excellent meals now at Manhattan Valley so I feel comfortable giving them an excellent review. Try the Mulligatawny Soup. It's my favorite! Tandoori Chicken is always moist and delicious. I am also a big fan of their shrimp dishes. Oh, and the lamb in spinach sauce, yum!Be sure to ask for Madan as your server. He's the best, so kind and thoughtful. I trust him completely now because I have a very strong negative reaction to cilantro and always request that none be used in my food. Every restaurant messes up this request and I often have to send things back. It has never happened at Manhattan Valley under Madan's care. Yay, Madan!!! If you're looking for a nice, consistent, neighborhood Indian restaurant try Manhattan Valley.
Easily the best Indian on the upper west! Not too spicy, amazing flavors, super awesome weekend lunch buffets and cool take-out deals on grub hub. Would recommend to anyone! :)
Below average , food carts are a much better choice if you wanna get some Indian rice and chicken.Delivered two hours after ordered, food was freezing and completely messed up.
It used to be our favorite restaurant, but lately it became really bad.We had noticed that the flavors , quality and service had changed, and maybe it's time for us to consider some place else. Last few meals we had were really bad prepared, sweet and flavorless curries drenched in heavy cream, off temperatures, uncooked breads. So sad!  I hope that the owner or the manager will come accross this review, and do something..
I recently moved to the Upper West side and have been trying to find a solid Indian place. Manhattan Valley had some pros and cons. Their take-out special is a great deal and I thoroughly enjoyed the lamb korma with garlic naan and chicken tiki appetizer. However I was very disappointed with the lamb biryani. It didn't taste like biryani at all and I missed with the delicious onion flavor that often coats the dish. He was also spicier than I anticipated. I may try again as the korma was very good but I will stay away from the biryanis.
great lunch special! Fast delivery, delicious food!  Is the restaurant still on Seamless????
Unfortunately these guys treat their workers like s**t, which explains why they recently changed their name. The food is good but we are opting to stay away. There's a workers protest every Sunday in an effort to retrieve owed monies. What a shame.
I came here for the lunch buffet to satisfy my Indian food craving. This buffet is relatively reasonably priced, but I found the food somewhat disappointing. The chicken tikka masala was so sweet I chose to skip it altogether and the naan was dry and underdone. Since Punjani food is not supposed to be sweet, it was very difficult to get past it. I do, however, give credit to the staff for being attentive both with the water and removing our used dishes. Overall the place was average, wouldn't recommend but wouldn't warn against.
This is a gem of a restaurant.  I ordered Tandoori  Chicken with Poori bread. Delicious!  The staff was attentive and friendly.  No downside here!
I used to order from here all the time, both large catering orders for events and regular delivery for me and my friends. However, I just learned that this business has been withholding wages and grossly underpaying their staff. The staff won a court decision of $700,000 but instead of paying the workers, the owners changed the name of the restaurant from Indus Valley to Manhattan Valley and claim to have sold the business. I will never eat here again. What a disgrace.
4.5 stars! Excellent food and delivery on the UWS! We ordered the dinner special for $15.95 which included one entree with rice, one appetizer, and one order of naan. It was more than enough food for two people. We tried the Chicken Tikka Masala, which came with 6 large pieces of tender chicken in a flavorful tomato cream sauce, and the Seekh Kabab which came with there pieces and a variety of the standard sauces you usually find at Indian restaurants with your appetizers. Overall, I'm really glad we ordered here. This will definitely be our go to place for delicious Indian delivery.
We (2) happened to be in the neighborhood, had not heard of this restaurant and wandered in at about 5 PM. The ambiance is perfect, with dark wood paneling and Tiffany like sconces. The chairs, tables, and silverware and dishes were quite above average. Service was prompt but not rushed. The booze menu was extensive and reasonable. The food menu was extensive and not expensive. Bread  with 3 spices was great. Water containers were refilled as often as needed without asking. The food was simply delicious, even the plain rice was prepared with skill. The waiter doied out some to start and left the rest,,,,perfect. The Mulligatawny soup was delicious, inexpensive and served in a rather large bowl. The toilets were conveniently located and quite well maintained. In short......I can't wait to go back and now know where to take friends and relatives to a place on the Upper West Side.
Been there twice. The food is good, and quite cheap for the good environment of the restaurant. They offer buffet style lunch at some days of the week, don't remember which. There is a variety of food options at the buffet, all quite delicious. Would recommend checking our the place during those buffet days.
This place has lunch special that is reasonably priced. I enjoyed the coconut flavor in fish curry and my friend loved the goat dish. It is a little cold inside and we wish we had sat at the "outside" area where the AC is stronger and warmer.
This place probably doesn't have the absolute best Indian food I've ever had but it was very good. The service, however, was the best anywhere. Just top notch!  Classy, friendly and attentive waiter who served my meal like apro. Lovely decor as well. I was there for the wonderful lunch special. Looking forward to going back for dinner sometime.
I suggested this place to my mother and God-Mother for a girl weekend, because I had previously gone to MV for a dinner party and the food was fantastic. My God-mother and mother loved the food and servers were amazing. BUT after my mother used her credit card at this restaurant their waiter stole her credit card information. This person began to buy 100s of dollars in StarBucks and other expensive items. Lucky the bank caught this issues before 1000ks' of dollars were spent on the credit card. The manager did not seem very concern when my mother called and  complained and nothing was done about the situation. If anyone wants to dine here, I recommend CASH ONLY!
The weekend buffet here is inexpensive and delicious! Such a great value compared to other Indian places on the Upper West Side. They also have a fantastic $15 take out deal (I highly recommend the Paneer Makhani). I've never had a bad meal here and the staff is always very friendly. I will continue coming back even when I'm not living in this neighborhood!
Best Indian delivery on the UWS. Fast, fresh and delicious. Staff on the phone is very nice and helpful. Dine-in is also good. Highly recommend.
My favorite Indian restaurant, although I've only been there for lunch. I was here today and thoroughly enjoyed the buffet brunch. It had everything an intrepid eater would want: breads, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, panel paneer...you get the idea. Everything was terrific. Come hungry. Nice big pour of a Sauvignon Blanc also.
Good stuff ! Very reasonably priced , great service ! Highly recommended ! Food is amazing , the buffet is great if you like spicy then order the vindaloo chicken if you like a little bit on the sweet side the chicken tikka is the way to go!
Not a fan. Food is always super sweet and you can taste the sugar. Same with the raita - something is majorly off.
Would be 5 stars if it wasn't a bit pricey. The lamb biryani is the tastiest I've had. The chicken tikka masala is excellent as well as the lamb korma. Their garlic naan is excellent and the tamarind sauce is the best around. Their shrimp appetizer is also amazing. Most everything I've had on the menu has been tasty so it will be hard to go wrong. If you want to try this place but don't want to spend a lot, I recommend the lunch special although the menu is more limited. But the food is excellent. And worth the price you pay.
Indus Valley always had very good food and good service considering what you would expect from a common restaurant. I feel compelled to write this as the restaurant has reopened as Manhattan Valley and is trying their best to make another go of it. I know there is an ongoing labor dispute with the previous employees, but people need to understand that there is no one that a bankruptcy effects more than the business owners and their family. When a company goes bankrupt everyone suffers - the vendors, contractors, landlord, employees and especially the owner. Legally if the entity that owes the workers money is bankrupt and has no assets left, then their not going to get paid. It's not fair, but sometimes businesses fail and while I have no doubt damage is done, workers would best use their time trying to secure future employment. The workers already have a judgement. If the Bankruptcy judge can find the money during the liquidation of the entity then they will be paid, if the judge can't they will never get paid. It really is that simple when you work for a company and not a person.
Great place! I ordered from this restaurant for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. The reviews were positive so I took a chance. I got the chicken tikka masala and a side order of naan. The chicken comes with rice which had an interesting but nice flavor.My only complaint would be that the chicken was in a very large amount of the sauce. If I combined the rice it would have been a soup. Other than this, the delivery was faster than the seamless estimated wait time.I would definitely order from than again and try different dishes.
Can I put more stars? No? Damn. I don't know what was more amazing- the food or Ramesh, who treated us like family from the outset. He is definitely a person meant to work around other people. He was friendly, social, and welcoming. Even if the food was just okay, we would probably have come back to this restaurant just to chat with him. But, as luck may have it, the food was also amazing. We ordered chicken samosa and each had chicken tikka masala. Delicious. The spices were in perfect proportion and the chicken was very soft. Def recommend! Thanks Ramesh!
I think Indus Valley now has new owners because the food is now HORRIBLE!  We order regular from Indus Valley but last night's dinner was terrible.  It's was Mother's Day and I really wanted curry but we were deeply disappointed.  Dinner cost $70.00 and was awful!  The curry was very sweet and nothing compare to the description.  We ordered the Cochin Shrimp Curry that cost $17.95 that had three shrimp in it and the curry was very sweet I had the Malabar Fish Masala last Thursday and it was very sweet too so yesterday's sauce tasted like the same sweet base sauce they used for both curry.  I couldn't event eat the fish curry and that also cost $17.95.  Yuck!  Plus one of the roti had a sweet coconut paste in it.  I ordered two naans not what they sent.  I feel like the restaurant is going downhill which is a shame because we really like Indus Vally.  I can't keep wasting money on these costly curry dishes that are now nasty.
This place has the best Indian food! Their lunch specials are delicious!!! But the best part has to be their buffet which is on the weekend, Friday, Saturday. Sunday. My new favorite and go to Indian place in NYC. The staff are extremely helpful and polite the service is amazing!!
This is definitely not in East Williamsburg, or even in Brooklyn. They're in the way UWS. Verify their website on their address. Thanks for wasting my time, Yelp.
As a local New Yorker, I've tried all the restaurants around 28th and Lex, and throughout Manhattan. Manhattan Valley definitely wins on taste. It tastes fresh, and there's quick service. This place gets pretty busy on weekends, but whenever I'm in the area, I pay them a visit. Tip! Try the tandoori Fasal!! So good I dream about it.
