DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!! The service was pathetic and food was very bad. Moreover the manager doesn't know how to deal their customers. Try some other restaurant in the area if you are craving for indian food.
Terrible customer service... Very rude over the phone. I found them on Google maps and looked through their menu there (which had no prices!), didn't see wether they would do a delivery anywhere so decided to call. A woman answered and upon being asked if they deliver, she answered something rapidly and incoherently about their hours of operation, so thing about them not being open yet, I guess. That didn't make any sense as I was calling at 4pm on a Saturday... I asked again if they delivered and I heard one sharp short No!I thanked and got off the phone to continue looking for an Indian spot on Uber Eats and Seamless... I found that restaurant on both and YES! They do deliver. I will never attempt to order from them again and I suggest you don't either. There's a lot of very good Indian restaurants in vicinity ran by very sweet people. Choose them instead.
Alright, alright; so once again, after exactly two months, my OCD got the better of me. Asya offers the sloppy pav only for lunch, only on weekdays, and only for delivery (no sloppy pav for dine-in customers). This limits the enjoyment of this piece of divinity to those who work near downtown Brooklyn... and to the likes of me! Once again, I procured a hotel room in Brooklyn Heights, worked remotely from Brooklyn on a Friday, and ordered three beef sloppy pavs for delivery. The sloppy pav is an Indian take on sloppy joe sliders. The mini buns are stuffed with tender and moist short rib that is braised with spices and black cardamom, which makes it flavorful and aromatic. It comes with masala chips and a side of jalapeno aioli. I requested the restaurant not to put lettuce and tomato on my pavs (those "veggies" just don't belong in a sloppy pav). I also requested an extra side of the jalapeno aioli, which I added to my already moist and tasty sloppy pav; and that, my friends, took it to yet another level of deliciousness! If you work near downtown Brooklyn, or just happen to be in the area during the day on a weekday, I would highly recommend trying this delectable treat. If you don't like it, you're just not worthy of my acquaintance!
Unfortunately, I've been here twice and both times I have experienced problems with the service and an incorrectly calculated bill.  They do correct the bill if you point it out, but are not apologetic about it.  Keep a close eye on your bill.Mediocre food.  For good Indian food, you're much better off going to Queens or the Curry Hill neighborhood in Manhattan.
The food was a lot better in the restaurant than on delivery.Some of the food was really good, but our samosa appetizer was cold in the middle.Prices are not awesome.
I usually look at yelp reviews before I eat somewhere and if I had they might have scared me away from this place but don't let them. The food was so good! And reasonably priced. My boyfriend ordered the Chicken Madura. He really liked it. I thought it was good but a little rich for me. I had the chicken tikka masala which was delicious. A side of rice was brought out to share which was fluffy and light. Both dishes were $14 each. We also ordered naan which was good but not sure it was worth paying for, seemed like it was something that should come with dinner. I'm glad we stumbled across this place. I will definitely return.
Good food and I'm an Indian food loverVery nice and simple peopleThe place is clean and with classic interior
Food is outstanding. The waiter was rude and wanted us to leave so they could seat more people. So it's defiantly not a place to sit, relax, and visit.But the ambiance is very inviting and quaint.
Great food! Nice location. Service a little bit too straight. They offer 50% off between 11.30 and 3pm. So very good price for the meal.
Ordered Saag Paneer, Malai Kofta, and garlic Naan for pick up. Our order was ready quickly and the food was delicious. The Saag Paneer was heavier on the spinach flavor than most, and the Malai Kofta had great spice. We'd never heard of Malai Kofta before- I'm glad I tried it. The Naan is HUGE and thick! We have plenty of leftovers, so it seems like a good deal for the price. You could comfortably split an entree and order of Naan between two people.While we didn't eat there, the interior of the restaurant looks cozy, we'll definitely be back to dine in.
Went to the location for takeout, which seemed to be a huge inconvenience to the woman there. To get out of her way, we took a seat while we waited. For 40 minutes. (We were told 15-20.) The woman barely acknowledged us as we waited even longer to pay. After all this, we were hoping the food would be good.The Malai Kofta was decent but nothing special, especially for the price. The "Mixed Grill" (An Assortment of Lamb, Chicken and Seafood) was barely enough food and the meat was very dry.
Bad service and food.We were 10 people and went there in happy hours which is 50% off everything. They said that in happy hours, quantity of the food is 50%!!!!!! Then what is the point of 50% off???? We didn't get right order and right quantity and at the end we were charged for full price. We ended up paying a lot for little, below average food. Service was terrible too. Disappointed!!!! Won't go again ever.
This service is horrendous. I placed an order on seamless and I didn't get a confirmation email saying they had received my order. Then I called THREE times and here's a little play by play of what happened.Call one- they told me my order was on the way and when I asked what address it was going to, they hung up on me.Call two- the order they thought was mine was not; when I told them seamless had charged me they told me they closed 20 min ago and hung up on me.Call three- I called them back after receiving a text from seamless saying I would receive my food in 30-49 min. They said oh, oops. Then hung up on me.Still no food in sight.
A good Indian restaurant about four blocks from The Brooklyn Bridge.  I had the Lamb Korma.  My wife and son had the Chicken Korma.  I think the food is about average- not going to blow you away.  I have had better in some side streets in Manhattan.  But I had a star for service and atmosphere.  Attentive and spot in.
Come here at night or when the sun is setting and the interior  brightens up. It's lovely.The service is ok. Our waiter was a midle aged man, thr type who doesn't say much, just takes your order and appears like once again. There was a woman filling up our drinks constantly. She did a better job being attentive.The prices of the food were reasonable and the flavor was great. Appetizer we got was chicken Tikka. The chicken was so moist you put a fork in it and it'd break apart. Then we got Behl Per? It was served cold and it had 2 flavors, one that tasted liked a light bbq sauce and another like a cilantro spicy lime sauce mixed with veggies and chutney.Entree I had a Korma. The texture of the sauce was a light slightly dense buttery melt in your mouth almond sauce and the chicken moist as well.Don't be fooled by the small bowls. The food is filling!Only thing I didn't like was that when they asked us what type of Naan we wanted. I thought it was complimentary since they asked us but they charged $4....Definitely an interesting place to check out, however with mediocre service.
I would give this restaurant 10 stars if I could.The space is charming, comfortable, and authentic. The food is extremely flavorful. And the service is the best I've received in Brooklyn -- Anthony is fantastic.Highly recommended.
Wanting something different from the typical items on a holiday party menu, my department decided on ordering from Asya and I am so happy we did! We ordered platters for 40 people of chicken tikka masala, bhindi masala, malai kofta, chicken malai kabab and naan, all were a hit at the party. The manager, Viniti, even gave us a free platter of rice and provided extra aluminum pans to keep the platters warm. The warm and detailed service plus delicious food will keep me coming again and again!
An amazing experience - Antony was an amazing host and we loved every moment of our dinner. Food was well priced, service was exceptional, and the atmosphere was inviting.I highly recommend this if you are looking for a fun date night or a great place to bring the whole family.
Had a wonderful family dinner here. The Cauliflower Manchurian appetizer is amazing! I also liked the: bhartha, asya baingan, malai kofta, and the daal. Garlic nan was a great side, and the service was nice! Highly recommend.
We went to this place after walking down Brooklyn Bridge. Service was horrendous to say the least. As some other folks have noted the food is decent enough to although the the portion sizes are small. Staff was pretty rude and ostentatious to say the least. Refused to provide any recommendations. Old lady was aggressive and pretty rude. Sample the following gems from a single visit.. Won't visit ever Quips were like - Everything is special. You guys have to decide for yourself. - Our veg options are very limited. Try what is available. - if it's not in menu then it's not available. That's common sense. (To a 8 year old asking for an item) Avoid if possible ..
So I have eaten here fairly regularly and wanted to finally write.  This place is not consistent.  While food flavors tend to be excellent, you feel a little like you are being "had" as I suspect some of the food is just reheated in a microwave.  I had a business lunch here and the cauliflower appetizer was absolutely cold on the inside and tasted like it had been sitting out for days.  They charge for rice, which I don't appreciate, but okay, it is what it is.  I do like some of the food even though it is not the healthiest, and because the remaining Indian options around here are terrible I do still eat here occasionally.  For lunch they do cash only, which is one of my pet peeves.  Delivery is better than the in-restaurant experience.  The owners/managers whoever is on the floor always look worried or upset.  These problems should all be fixable since the food does have good flavor.  Hopefully they see this and make some changes.
Asya Indian restaurant is located in Brooklyn Heights. The rating distribution for this restaurant is about 30% five stars and 40% four stars. A tip would be to come here with your significant other since it has a very intimate ambience. Some popular dishes here would be chicken Tikka Marsala while others would prefer the veggie curry. The prices here are pretty standard for an Indian restaurant and many would say the portions are tremendous. The noise level of this restaurant is average and the best time to come would be an occasion for dinner. Unfortunately during the summer there's no outdoor seating so you have to sit indoors only. This restaurant does take reservations which I would recommend doing if you plan to come here at the prime dinner time. The waiting time here is usually not more than 10 minutes for a table. The staffs attitude here is very pleasant and they make you feel welcome.
The restaurant wasn't overly crowded at a peak hour, which is typically not a good sign.  After being seated we were met with a very friendly waitress who took our drink orders and made some recommendations.  The cauliflower app was very good, it was a bit over-sauced though.The garlic naan was exactly what I wanted.  The recommended lamb entree was well cooked and well seasoned.  The food took abnormally long considering the number of customers in the restaurant.  It was a bit unnerving seeing all the back and forth between the kitchen staff and delivery runners.  I'd prefer not seeing that in the common dining area of a restaurant.  Overall, food was good, service was good, I'll go back if I'm craving Indian.
I came here Sunday night with my friends, and I must say, we had an amazing night.  Asya is a beautiful restaurant with a great atmosphere. The food is awesome and the prices are at par with them. I will definitely be returning and recommending for dinner date or family gathering. Finally a good Indian restaurant with best Tandoori Chicken in town.
Never been to the actual restaurant, but I recently ordered food for delivery and was completely content. We ordered the sag paneer, samosas, garlic naan and tandoori chicken. Everything was pretty dang tasty. Was it the best meal ever?- probably not, but I have no complaints and was really content with my meal. Even the leftovers maintained its good flavor and quality. We all know that doesn't always happen. As my order was delivered, I can't speak to ambiance or in restaurant service, but from a delivery perspective- the food came in a timely fashion, as promised, and was accurate. This is winning from a delivery order perspective- trust me!
I'm going to state this up front--I didn't eat here. But honestly, given their service and horrendous prices, why would I?We were excited to scope this place out for Dine in BK week. Upon getting there, we were promptly informed that no, they aren't participating in the deal for lunch--only dinner.Cool, we thought. They're offering 25% off lunch. We'll stay.We were ready to order in minutes, but ended up waiting 10-12 minutes because the woman decided not to take notice of us, despite trying to flag her down multiple times.Prior to ordering, we were informed rice was NOT included with any of the dishes. Um...what kind of Indian restaurant doesn't give you rice?! It was $6 for typical basmati. Outrageous.We left, and at those prices and absurd policies, why would we stay? Avoid, unless you want overpriced nonsense.
I was quite disappointed... I had been so hungry and couldn't wait for my seamless order to arrive. Asya had a dinner special for $18 that included an appetizer, entree, rice, naan, mango chutney and raita. Sounded great to me!  Maybe I made the wrong selections but my appetizer was not even remotely good. I had ordered the aloo papri, which was described as potatoes, chickpeas and crispy wafers mixed with chutney. Bad idea to order this take out as it was completely soggy by the time it arrived and I couldn't eat more than a few bites.Then came my entree, the classic chicken tikka masala. It was not rich and creamy like I hoped but quite watery. Again, so disappointed! Everything was just a bit off with the meal. Very unfortunate.
This tourist ate lunch here after working up a huge hunger after walking the bridge. Super happy we chose this place because it was warm and cozy on a cold day...just what we needed!!I had no problems whatsoever with service, absolutely delightful... way attentive. Ordered several typical veggie things,,,samosas, saag, aloo gobi, eggplant, naan....all delicious and cheaper than anything we're used to. !! left happy !!
Ordered food via seamless that was delivered over an hour late. Called the restaurant repeatedly and no one could say when our order would arrive. Terrible customer service. Will never order from here again
Food was yumm .. Place was small.. So recommend visiting post .. Walkable distance from brooklyn br.. Definitely a thumbs up
Please boycott for discriminatory practices. We order from here all the time. The food is acceptable, not great, but twice we tried to eat there and they turned us away because we have children (two well behaved girls that know how to eat at restaurants.)  They said they were full but they had at least 4 empty tables and when we checked, reservations were available on opentable. Their food is not that good for them to be turning away business like that.  Please do not give them your business.
My sis and I were craving indian food and came right to Asya after class. We ordered the Naan Keema, the best naan I've ever had! It has a nice lamb filling with just the right crust and consistency.  For entrée we had Chicken Vindaloo and Lamb Kochin and both were pretty amazing! I am a spicy addict, and I would have to say the vindaloo was spicehh !   I would recommend Asya if you are in Brooklyn. And you gotta try their naan!! Best of all, you get 25% off during lunch hour
I've been to this restaurant about three times so far. The food is absolutely amazing. They also have a terrific wine offering.The service can be a little strange. If the woman takes my order everything is fine. If the man does it can be a little unpredictable. Once I went there I sat down and he immediately told me about one dish and wanted to put the order in right away for it. I said I'd prefer to read the menu first.I'll be back, though.
I was super excited to find one more Indian restaurant in the area but after coming here,I think Ill just stick to my usual place .To be fair,on the positive side,the decor is awesome,beautifully carved artwork and very desi looking lighting. Everything good about Asya seems to end there.The service was less welcoming than I am accustomed to but maybe they were having an off day.First of all,the specials(if there were any) were pretty confusing,outside on the board its written 50% off,on the menu kept outside,its 25% off and includes a $9 lunch combo  while the menu inside the restaurant  doesnt seem to have any specials at all.It would be so much better if there was more clarity.I have enough analysis to be done at work without trying to deduce things in my lunch hour too.We had decided to have the lunch special combo since our curry preferences are very different and ordering one entree per person would be way too much food.Well,turns out if you dine in,you cant get the lunch combo.umm what?!!why??You just need to give me exactly the same food on a plate and i swear I wont eat your plate!!Since we were seated already and didnt want to be rude,we didnt walk out and agreed to split one entree which didnt seem to sit well with whoever came to take our order!After reading some reviews on the quantity of food,I decided to get a chicken tikka appetizer too,hopefully making him happy.The food took forever to come out and even though it was okay,the quantity and taste does not warranty the prices they think each dish is worth.The asya baingan was brinjals in onion tomato gravy,tasty enough but a tiny portion for $12.The chicken tikka was flavorful but nothing you cant get in any and every other Indian restaurant.The lunch is cash only in case you miss the tiny sign hidden behind menus on the table out front. I do hope they can step up their game because it would be nice to have another decent Indian lunch option near work but for now Curry Heights is gonna get my business.
I stopped by this restaurant for lunch today, and it was the worst restaurant experience I have had in a long time. The man is highly rude and racist. I was eating my appetizer and taking a phone call when the man walked over and told me to eat before the food got cold. I watched the service that other customers received and compared it to mine. Never again. Not to mention that they wait until you have eaten to tell you it's cash only for lunch. Never again.
Saturday night at 7:00 we order. At 8, we call and ask for a status update. "5 minutes," we're told. At 8:20, we call again. Once again, apologies are offered and we're told, "just 5 more minutes." At 8:40 we call a third time. This time, we're angry. The staff is unresponsive. They show no concern whatsoever that it has now taken them one hour and forty minutes to deliver food a few blocks away. They seem more annoyed that we're bothering them by calling. One hour and forty minutes. That is neither hyperbole nor exaggeration. One hour and forty minutes.     Just after our third phone call, by coincidence, the food arrives. It is ice cold. As far as taste, the worst offense was that the food was bland.  It was as if they'd forgotten to spice it. The chicken tikka was better than the saag, but only marginally. The kick that usually comes with these dishes was missing entirely.  Even a staple like samosas were just mediocre. They simply lacked flavor.    With so many better options (for both food and service), and with competition so fierce, it is unlikely I would try Asya again.
I was very disappointed by this restaurant, despite the fact that Indian food is my favorite cuisine. I like the decor of the place and the servers are very friendly. But my positive notes end there. The rice was inedible because the mustard seeds were burnt. So, it tasted was like I was shoveling charcoal into my mouth. And I've had a lot of tandoori in my life and so I know that the tandoori platter did not have to be as burnt as it was. Not only does it taste bad, it's carcinogenic!  The bread was so-so, the raita blah, and the two appetizers we ordered didn't taste good enough to justify how rich they were. This restaurant needs to employ a better chef and find better cooking methods. And get some healthier choices on the menu. For the price, and it's not cheap, this was definitely not worth it.
Have eaten here before but recently had a bad experience and will not be going back. The food is good, but they stopped offering any wine but cheap Frontera jug wine. Why they would stop offering a full wine list and instead make you drink that swill with your dinner is beyond me. So I brought my own bottle and the woman refused to cork it. And then demanded $20. So my wife and I walked out. The guy that runs the place is very nice, but she is a different story.
I ate here with friends recently and we ate so much we barely made it home! I grew up eating my Grandmother's cooking, so I'm particular about my Indian food. I'd ordered from Asya on Seamless before and didn't have a great experience, but it's so close to home we decided to give it another shot. For main dishes we had chicken vindaloo, chicken ticka masala, and butter chicken. We also had the cauliflower, saag paneer, and a few other dishes (like I said, we barely made it home). Everything was delicious. The man who took our order was nice and polite, he checked in on how everything was shortly after it came out. I got the feeling they are really trying to improve their reviews. The waiter sent us an complimentary round of beers midway through our meal. Over all, we will definitely return!
A wonderful experience of Indian Cuisine in Brooklyn from  great service to phenomenal spice enriched dishes. Coming back again very soon.
Wow, what a dump. If you want to make friends with some cockroaches then this is the place for you. Enjoy them crawling by as you dig into what you thought was your shrimp sagwala and come to realize after the first bite that you have been served chicken that you have not eaten since you were a toddler. Was there an apology? No. Did they offer to take anything off the bill No. Will not come ever again or recommend to anyone.
I don't have a negative rating.. So am forced to give 1. Worst service ever in my life.. Ok, let us assume that I looked horrible or my looked bad, but I have never been like this anywhere in America.. Where everyone greets others friendly.. This Indian guy was such a racist, especially to IndiansAs soon as we enter, he says - no snacks only place.. As soon as we order, he (the server or the owner) asks if that's it.. I said yes for now, if required I'll order later.. He says "I know you won't order further" with a irritating face.. Please check others reviews too..
We had an incredible dining experience at Asya with our host, Anthony, tonight. The food was delicious. We ordered our go-to dishes...chicken tikka, palek paneer, etc. but Anthony made wonderful suggestions to complement our dinner and he was right. Plus, he treated us to wine, samoas and dessert, plus lively conversation. The restaurant was not busy with in-house diners, but there was a steady stream of take away and deliveries. I felt a bit sorry for those who didn't get to enjoy the great ambiance of this restaurant as well as the wonderful service here. Next time you want a lovely Indian dining experience in the neighborhood, venture out, relax and let Anthony take good care of you.
great atmosphere and location! Food was great, they got the spice level right on everything I ordered. the restaurant was full, which I always find a good sign when trying a new place out. I highly recommend the pakoras!
I went to this restaurant with my boyfriend yesterday. The experience was amazing!! The host, Antony was helpful he recommended the spicy lime rice to accompany our chicken korma option. The food was sooo tasty!! Good portions and well prices. I pride myself to be an indian food best friend and this restaurant has my approval. I do highly recommend the restaurant if you looking for a fun night out with your boo or family!!
The food is very good. Unfortunately, that is about where it ends. A dine-in lunch took over an hour because of nonexistent service. It took about fifteen minutes just to place the order, which then arrived in parts and we had to ask for the raita, which came pretty much as we were finishing up the food. Very disappointing, as everyone else in the restaurant was complaining of lacking service. When the bill finally came, it was incorrect and needed to be reprinted. We have ordered takeout before, which was fine, although it also takes a while. Will not be back to dine in.
I have been to this place twice. 1st time was good experience- I went in the evening and our server was very good, he was very friendly, food was good too. But 2nd time I went- our server (woman ) was very rude, she didn't even want to talk or answer any question. Food was also not good ( I ordered okra and it was not cooked well). I am very disappointed with their service and food quality too.
The waiter's of this restaurant were fucking rude, unprofessional, and talked like monkey. They didn't like and even welcome us to the restaurant. The dishes were like shit and they took 45 minute to prepared. Don't come to this bullshit restaurant.
There is only one thing that ruins a decent meal more than when the server tries to cheat the customer on the check. And that is LYING about it. Tonight was a perfect storm of lying and cheating by the lone female server who would not give me her name. If ASYA is (hopefully) reading this, they will know who she is. First, after I paid the check, no one came back with my change, from which I would have left the tip. Could this have been an oversight? Of course. So I gave her the benefit of the doubt and, after about 10 minutes of waiting, simply asked for my change. She brought it and when I went to use some of it for the tip, I noticed that it was NOT all there. I called her over and told her, to which she replied, "oh, that's OK." Again, thinking she may have misunderstood, I said "no, it's not OK to give me substantially less than the correct amount." Then she thought for a moment and said, "well, I didn't charge you for the rice. That's when I completely realized that this was a purposeful and rehearsed scam since the cup of simple white rice is included with the meal. I said that that was not true and now I want my change. She went back and brought it to me...all in nickels and dimes...surely no accident, again. I left but decided to call back and speak with the manager to tell him how unhappy I was to be so blatantly lied to and cheated in our neighborhood restaurant. Unfortunately, she answered the phone. I said, "may I speak to the manager?" She said, "what are you calling about?" I said, "I'm calling to speak to the manager" (who, by the way, I knew was there). She said, He's not here." I said, "when will he be back?" She told me she didn't know. I asked again and this time, after a long pause, she said, "he's on vacation." I said, "no problem, when will he return?" She said, uh...uh...uh...about two months." Then I told her that I was just in there and when I called just now to speak to the manager, I was simply going to complain to him about what happened and what she did. But now, I told her, I am going directly home to write a review. She became very flustered and said, "no, no, no...just come back tomorrow and I will give you a free lunch." I told her that would not be necessary as I will be writing this on TripAdvisor and anywhere else I can impart this information. Do with it as you please. I felt it important to pass it on. Clearly I, and my family will not be going back again.
Everything was magnificent! Service, food, atmosphere - very well done. The garlic naan was a little burnt, but that's probably my biggest complaint. All in all - great experience.
Really flavorful, delicious food and Anthony is such a delightful host. He knew the menu inside and out and has great recommendations about what dishes would go well together. My faves were the tandoori prawn, yellow daal, and Manchurian shrimp appetizer - but everything we had was delish.
Came here for dinner with a party of four. The food was fine. It wasn't fantastic but it wasn't terrible. The service, specifically from the man (possibly an owner?) was incredibly RUDE.We ordered an appetizer immediately after sitting down. A few minutes later the man came over to see if we were ready to order. We asked for a few more minutes and he said that we had to order now because the take-out orders were getting really busy and if we didn't order right away we would have to wait for our food. We were a little surprised but we decided what we wanted right away and put in our order. The rest of the dinner was pretty uneventful until the end. Literally as soon as we put the tip down on the bill the man came over to tell us to get up because they needed the table. Mind you, the restaurant was not full and there were plenty of tables with enough seating for four or more in the back of the restaurant. As we got up in shock to start putting on our winter layers, the man came back to start clearing the table and to set new places even though we hadn't left yet. I was standing up at my seat and hadn't had a second to grab my coat or purse. I told him I needed a minute and asked him to wait. He responded that he wasn't in my way. Someone in my party told him that he was being extremely rude.I've never been kicked out of my seat at a restaurant like that in my entire life. This man's rudeness totally ruined what would have been a lovely evening out. I am never coming back to this restaurant again.
Great location in Brooklyn Heights. Though there is no outdoor seating, they did open the front door and windows to let the natural Spring breeze in. I loved the leather cushion seating along the brick walls. The music was low enough to add to the ambiance without preventing you from conversing with your party. The decor is simple at best with a few religious pieces. There is only one bathroom towards the back. This is definitely a family-owned business, because there were no servers - just two individuals. They're not really big on conversation and at times it took a little more effort on my part to grab their attention. Patrons moved in and out pretty frequently so you won't experience a long wait time if you did not reserve a table. I ordered the samosa (pastry filled with potatoes and peas) $7, saagwala (chicken with fresh spinach) $14, garlic naan for $4, mango lassi for $4. Food as always when it comes to Indian cuisine rarely disappoints. The spices and flavors were there. It was a hearty meal that I most certainly enjoyed. I had to walk it off a bit, because I was so full. The tab at the end of the night was easy on my pocketbook. Thumbs up!
My new found love for Indian food started here. Everything was so good. The dishes that stood out to me were cauliflower manchurian, samosa, chicken korma, and the naan. Even the rice was amazing.  The restaurant itself didn't not have a strong scent which I truly appreciate. The meal was almost perfect. They should work on their customer service skills. It wasn't a big deal but were were rushed to order and at one point it felt like the waitress was yelling at us. All in all, thanks to this place I now love Indian food. Woot!
tl;dr Worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant and the food was mediocre. My friends came to visit me in the city and we decided to go out to dinner near downtown BK. This place wasn't our first choice but we all like Indian cuisine so we gave it a shot. I wish I had never walked into this place. We were seated and then moved because a larger party who had made a reservation was coming in. I didn't really mind that because we hadn't ordered yet. My 3 friends all ordered saag paneer, one of them wanted to add shrimp. The man who I assumed to be the manager told her that could not be done, but if they all wanted to pay for a full order of shrimp and split it, that would be fine??? This suggestion didn't make any sense to me when no one else expressed wanting shrimp. But my friend just let it go and accepted it. Our food comes and we only get one small bowl of rice to split among 4 grown women. Yet the table next to us who had 3 people received 2 bowls of rice. They were able to get us another bowl so again I let it go. The food was decent. They did not offer a spice level, which I normally get to choose at Indian places. Here's where it all goes downhill: We asked our waitress for separate checks. She tells us that they cannot do that, but if we write down each total she can charge our cards separately. So my friend takes the time to do the math, accounting for tax. The waitress then returns with our cards saying that they cannot run 4 cards at once. This was my breaking point. If they can do four separate orders, why can they not do separate cards? By this point I am angry, but my friends being better than I am, manage to pay in cash. The waitress then says that paying in cash is too complicated and that she'll need one of our help to ring it in? My friend returns after 10 minutes of helping this woman. Apparently my friend had to argue with her about getting correct change. On my credit card receipt I write "horrible service". Because that's what it was. We finally leave, but as we're about to head to the train, the manager from before comes out and begins to YELL at me on the sidewalk outside. He was upset because I wrote horrible service on the receipt. After going back and forth with this man, I eventually walk away because this was ridiculous. He continues to yell at my friends and I as we walk away, vowing to never return to this place.
Had a late stop after an artists' talk with my friends. We were greeted by a very pleasant and warm host who doubled as our waiter. The decor is very quaint and colorful, and gorgeous on a cool summer night. I had the roasted cauliflower which was sweet and savory and just perfect. We had an assortment of naan - plain, cheese and garlic - and for the main I had the vegetarian mushroom and peas curry which was amazing!! Just the right moderate spice to add a kick and warmth. It was fresh food prepared with care. If you are looking for Indian food in the area I highly recommend this spot. One tip, there is no alcohol served nor do they have sparkling water or a variety of drinks- mostly sodas.
Pathetic service. We entered at around 6pm and ordered snacks. Our order was rejected saying they only take full dinner orders only. Would never set foot again.
I love this place. The food is wonderful and the staff is great (especially the manager Anthony). It's Great for any occasion, or no occasion at all. I've come here with groups of out of town guests, dinners with friends, dates, and take out.  Asaya has become my staple restaurant with amazing food. Finally a consistently yummy indian restaurant in the neighborhood.
I came here with 3 ladyfriends after a very frigid viewing of the Festival of Lights in DUMBO. Didn't read the reviews but saw that they had an overall rating close to 4 stars and were a little bit away from the crowds. My mistake. Most of the recent reviews were under 3 and now I see why.They told us it would be a 10-15 minute wait, but by the time I turned around to wait by the door, the host had changed his mind and was now seating my friend. Huh, ok.We sat down, perused our menus and ended up ordering 4 different kinds of chicken dishes (I would normally get paneer or lamb, but when in Rome and sharing chicken...), along with garlic naan and Bhel Puri. The bhel puri was fine and fairly spicy. They brought out the naan with our main courses and gave us regular naan, not garlic like we had ordered. They also brought 3 out of 4 dishes (and rice), so my one friend had to wait for hers. And wait. And wait. A server finally told us it would be out of the kitchen soon, but did not apologize. 20 minutes after the rest of our food had arrived, they finally brought out her Chicken Korma. We needed more rice at this point, which they charged us for. Then they took away the rest of our first rice before they delivered the new bowl. Water refills were slow, which was a nuisance with my vindaloo dish. Prices are a little high (eh, this is Brooklyn Heights) for the smaller portions, but taste and consistency was great overall.We finally all got to eat (since we were sharing a bit, my friend did not starve). Then the bill came, with a 20% autogratuity. I've never gotten an autograt for a party under 6, much less one for 20%. The service was so poor overall that this might have been one of those rare times that I wasn't going to tip 20%, too. But I guess they knew that. Then there was a 2-card limit on using credit cards to split the bill. OK, fine, 2 people paid the other 2 of us and we split it evenly. We just wanted to get out of here quickly, but then we were delayed further by how long they took with our cards. It's really hard to flag down servers here, they seem to be pretty good at ignoring you (and not apologizing for ridiculous delays).It did seem like they had a fairly brisk, well-organized delivery business (and their website points to this as well), so maybe you're better off staying at home and ordering in.
Very good food. Decent service in restaurant. Ordering on Seemless takes avg of 90 min. Sometimes 1 hour during week. Usually 2 hours on weekend.
I'd been in person to the restaurant and eaten once and liked it. This time I thought I will order using Seamless app. I ordered the price fix meal combo. In the request I specifically wrote to provide some cut salad like Red Onions and lime/lemon. When the food came, guess what, those were not there. And neither was there any fork, spoons or napkins. Frustrated I called the restaurant and told the same. The lady says "we don't provide forks spoons or napkins unless you put it in the request". Oh really??? Then I ask what about the Onion and lime.. And she's like "we didn't have it". And she's like, "shall I send all those now?". I'm like, really?? "No, THANK YOU". The food "Paneer Bhurji" that I had ordered tasted subpar and nowhere close to what I'd expected. They just lost a customer (who eats outside everyday) and I'll post this review everywhere I can for their crap service they did.
Food was good, both veg and non-veg. Quantify is also good . Only problem was we had to pay cash which is not mentioned on yelp and restro site . Must try :Chicken stuffed mutton Malai koftaPrefer bread basket Chicken biryani was awesome
OMG!!!! My girlfriend and I was looking for a place to eat and the atmosphere at Asya just drew us in. We started with the Aloo Papri & Samosa and for dinner we had Saag Paneer & Maharaja, everything was absolutely tasty and service was excellent!!!!! We've already plan on returning w/ more friends to sample more of the menu!!!!!!
The owner is very unfriendly. We were with our luggage as checked out and even though the restaurant was showing open she said its closed. When i asked if we can just use restroom she asked to go to other store besides it as it was dirty. Very un coperative and proudy
We walked from Brooklyn bridge to this place, quite close. Appetizers were decent and entrees were good. Ambience is good too. A little more hospitality and a little more quantity will help though.
This guy selects who he wants to serve. He is not serving to people who look like Indians. We entered to this restaurant and ask do you have a waiting time. He said we are full now, but there were couple of tables available. It was evident that he didnt was to serve us. By reading previous reviews on this restaurant after this experience, I assume he thought we are Indians (but we are not).
Extremely pathetic customer service.  The person is very rude and asked for cash and asked everyone to forcefully order atleast one thing
Yay, we found a new neighborhood Indian place - and it blows Curry Heights out of the water!Ate lunch here yesterday - love the decor... quiet, relaxed, romantic.  The service was quick and friendly, and we didn't have enough cash for the 50% off cash only lunch special so we were allowed to use a card and just tip in cash which was really sweet of them - I wouldn't have minded going next door to Cranberry's to use their ATM at all.The food - awesome Indian!  We had the Bhel Puri and the Aloo Papri for appetizers - the chutneys were amazing - sweet and spicy - and the crispy bits were just perfect.  We had the Bhindi Masala and the Chana Masala for entrees with saffron rice with peas - both also vegetarian, but very rich in flavor.  I've had Chana Masala a million times but this one was different - the sauce was just better, maybe fresher?  and it was definitely richer.  I could eat that sauce for days.  We also got an order of garlic naan which was deliciously crispy.  Lastly, two herbal teas plus refills - really warmed us up, and the spices were incredible.  Tasted like a light chai, perfect for a cold day!The price was higher than what I would have expected, but I didn't bat an eyelash because it was 100% worth it.  Besides, because we had 4 teas and 1 beer total, the beverages alone were $18.  The food was $45 minus 50% for the lunch special, so $22.50 + $18 + tax/tip... totally fine.I just hope the whole "curse" doesn't affect them... I mean, we've lived in the neighborhood 3.5 years and this is the FOURTH restaurant we've seen in this space - FIRST actual good restaurant though so I just wish them the best.Namaste.
Anthony the manager know just what you want and what pairs with it.  He was amazing in his hospitality to traveling tourists.  The food was authentic and just what we wanted before we knew what we wanted.  The drinks were original and the mango one was the best.  Several different kinds of rice.  Just the best!!!!Thanks Anthony
Found this restaurant while starting out on the Brooklyn bridge and DUMBO trip.   Food - Just ordered for samosas to go. The chutney was really bad and is best avoided. Ambience - Surely looked like a nice place. Dont mind trying the place again.
Torn between a 3 and 4.  The food is always excellent, in my opinion, but after reading other reviews here, I was particularly in tune with the service.  Anthony was adequate but just did not make me feel welcomed.  I do not expect to be fawned over but please just add a smile and a thank you.  Ask how the meal was instead of assuming it was too spicy because I did not eat everything.  (I dined alone and it was a lot of food).  I will be back for the food.   I hope the service is just a bit better.
Best service in town - one of a kind food!!!Yesterday evening, I was looking for a cozy Indian restaurant to have dinner with my girlfriend. Asya met all expectations!Anthony, the manager welcomed us and took care of us throughout the evening in an exceptional way.I have to recommend the grilled shrimps as a starter. Afterwards we had some delicious tandoori chicken and an amazing chicken curry.
The man who was waiting on us weird and kinda rude. Their wine tasted like lemonade made from Indian tap water and the food was average.
My friends and I was very hungry so we could eat anything and anything will taste good kind of mood. But when we sat down there was no body helping us for about 5 min and there was only 3 other tables with customers. And i asked about charging my phone and manager kind of looking guy just pointed where i can charge my phone.. no words...and when we order some foods, my waitress asked me if i want a naan, so i said yes, this is when everything started..Food was not that great but we ate cuz again we were super hungry..After we finished everything, waitress gave us a check she charged me or gave me naan platter or something which was about $15. we were very surprised about how much we got charged.. We explained what happened, But ended up paying everything.. except for the very small portion of rice they gave us for complimentary..Worst experience ever!!!I do not write or give this kind ofbad review but they deserved it.. Never ever going back
We eat here at least once a week. Always consistently delicious and the service is wonderful as well - particularly Anthony! Highly recommend :)
I had a wonderful dinner last night all by myself...very comfortable place to eat alone, the food was great, and the service more than exceptional. I'll definitely go back.
By far the best Indian food in Brooklyn Heights, probably in all of Brooklyn and maybe in all of NYC!  The menu has all of the standards you'd expect and some great specials.  Everything we've ordered tastes great and the food is consistently great.  The service is top notch thanks to Anthony, who is very attentive to every need.  The place is clean and quaint and very welcoming.  Favorites are the Cauliflower Manchurian and Balchau Shrimp.  If you're in the area and looking for great food, check out Asya!
Possibly the worst service I have received in NYC so far. My boyfriend and I came to this restaurant a few months ago for dinner and we had to wait for over an hour to get our food. We did not get any sort of apology or updates on what was going on with our order. Since the food was decent, we decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and try their lunch deals (50% off everything) today. We ordered the cauliflower manchurian, chicken tandoori and chicken tikka masala. The woman told me that I would have to order the rice for the chicken tikka separately even though it clearly says on the menu that the lunch deal includes "rice, naan and salad." I said okay and made a separate order. The portions were really small. They tell you 50% off but the portions are actually less than half what you'd get for full price, which is a rip off. Then we paid the bill, but the lady came back with the receipt saying that she forgot to include the rice and we need to add more money. Then she said we should give more tip because the gratuity should be on the original full price and not the discounted price. She kept saying "the company is going to take this money." However, we'd still given her her tip although she was talking on her phone the whole time we were in that restaurant. We left her the money and left the restaurant vowing to never return.
Oh boy n how Asya has changed the 2nd time we 'tried' having a dinner here. We were shown the door by a rude guy saying it was all reserved, whereas only 3 tables were occupied, no 'Reserved' tag on remaing tables...they were all empty. We were ready to wait  for an hour or more if thats the case since we had a good time before and were keen to have our parents from India to dine here. Asked him to write down our name, he said he cant do that since hes not sure when will  the reservations end and kept saying its all reserved. We checked online and it clearly showed us 3 empty slots for the same time we were there.It was a clear case of discrimination, maybe Asya has raised its standards and we Indians dont fit in....So guys, just skip this one....theres Grimaldi, Juliano n even Curry heights for that matter. You dont want to be treated like shit here!
Unfortunately, the service was very poor. Very very poor. Upon entering, we were not greeted. Our server just grumpily pointed to the table we should sit at. My husband and I asked a couple of simple questions about the menu and we received harsh, short answers. As if we were dumb for not already knowing the answer to our questions. Not one employee of this restaurant ever smiled or made eye contact. My husband and I both felt as if we were an annoyance to the staff and not wanted at the restaurant from the moment we stepped in. I'm not the type of person who needs amazing service at a restaurant. But the quality of service at our dinner last night was so low that it actually made me uncomfortable and made it hard for me to enjoy my meal. The reason I didn't give only 1 star is because the food was tasty! I got chicken curry and my husband got chicken tikka masala. We also shared some garlic naan bread which was very good! Although I really enjoyed the meal, unfortunately I will not be returning to Asya.
Came in and got a special chef menu.Got prawns with fried okra.Main course was lamb chops!  These were to die for!Chef came out to meet and greet our party.Gave the chef a high five for the delicious food and special menu.Owner/manager was very personable.I loved this place.Would highly recommend!
Staff was very friendly. He remembered our complicated order by memory. It was nice sitting by the open window/wall. I really enjoyed the food.  We had the Makhani (butter chicken) and lamb vindaloo.   It was very flavorful with just the right amount of spicy. The garlic naan was moist and garlicky without being overbearing.  I had a very tasty mango lassi which complemented the spice nicely.  Biggest complaint was that the simosa was a tad dry and they gave us limited sauce, but I suppose we could have asked for more.  Price was decent, I think entrees were 12-16 bucks
I highly recommend this place. I went to have dinner with a friend and we both were really amazed. The food was really good as well as the service, the waiter made sure we had a pleasant experience. Unpretentious yet excellent.
Tasty Indian comfort food on a rainy night hit the spot at this attractive  neighborhood find. Our host Anthony suggested great dishes served in lovely silver bowls. We left feeling pampered by great service and delicious food.
This place advertises... 5 days a week mind you... for 1/2 off lunch special. I went in yesterday and discovered they give you 1/2 a portions at half price! 4 piece Chicken Malai Kabob, $8 app at night is a 2 piece Chicken kabob for $4 during the day.  I tried to explain to the manager that this is false advertising and to bring me full portions. They refused.
DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS RESTAURANT. The food arrived late, cold and missing items. I called the restaurant and the management was incredibly rude and condescending. I was told that I was wrong - the food was not cold and they admitted to not including the sauce in on the menu but STILL refused to do anything. Do not order from here. There are way too many decent Indian restaurants nearby to order from this place. I will be ordering from Kinara's Indian Food from now on.
We just ordered from Asya after a long hiatus. Not sure why. I guess I've had some digestive issues. But last night's meal was phenomenal. Just the right amount of heat, and special flavors, and lots of condiments, all beyond delicious. Will be dropping by again,and will not hesitate to order delivery again in the near future. BTW when we eat in, it has always been a pleasant sit and surroundings.
Ordered online a few times. Great online system, and introductory discounts. The tikka masala main and samosas are wonderful.Highly recommend this place!
Food was tasty, was nice sitting by open window, but service not friendly at all.  Never made to feel welcome.
Horrible experience.  My wife and i walked in and sat down just now during lunch hours which is cash only. My wife wanted chai and i just wanted a snack. They don't have chai! When i ordered one bhel poori the woman with glasses said "I can't let you sit here for one dish. You have to order at least 2 entrees." We left in shock. Have never experienced such rude service at a restaurant anywhere in the world. And have been to NY many many times and eaten at numerous Indian restaurants. STAY AWAY !
The decor is incredible, very cozy with beautiful artwork and wood carvings. The service is topnotch, both when you sit in at the restaurant and when you order out.  We usually order the chicken tandoori, malia kofta and saag paneer with lime rice (a must to try!). I highly recommend Asya.
I have to agree a great Indian eatery exists in Brooklyn Heights!  This is so close to me I don't know why it ook my so long to try it.  The flavors are so 3-4 dimensional I felt like I was eating in India.   I have long ordered from Curry Heights which was good and reliable, but Asya takes the flavor to another level.   Everything from the samosas, to the Veggie curry to the Cauliflower appetizer were all top notch. I was full but wanted to keep eating and eating. The naan here is a step above other Indian places too, thank you for the garlic!! Please add even more in the garlic Naan. Have a feeling this will definitely be a regular eat in or takeout spot.
The staff is so rude that if you are not an Indian and find such behavior normal, you can probably not sleep in the night. I was standing outside the restaurant few days ago and the lady inside says to an elderly couple looking for a table "You have to stand outside. Do not crowd inside". I was like damn this place. When my food arrived, the quantity was very little and not worth. They also have minimum order of 1 entree each if you take a table. Overall, bad experience
The food was okay. I had the Chicken Almond Curry and it was really good food. However, the man who seated us was not very nice and made an in incredible awkward situation for us. Never cracked a smile the entire time we were there.
Just ordered food for delivery. I received it cold and for the amount being spent it is a small portion and the food isn't that great. Really disappointed.
If I could give this place 10 negative stars I would. I used to wait tables and bartend and understand how much work the restaurant business is. By far THE WORST service I've ever had. We arrived here a bit late, and they wanted us to go ahead and order while waiting to be seated. That's fine. I understand. I told him I wanted soup as my entree, and he told me I couldn't have it that way. I could only have it as an app. Repeated myself, he looked down and ignored me and proceeded to bring it as my app. We then asked for two glasses if hot water with lemon. He said no. "We don't do that here." Who says no to hot water???? They didn't get us two of out orders and still tried to charge us. The manager was absolutely awful!!! I've never hated anyone, but he definitely came close!!!
Nice ambiance, but I've only been happy with my order once here.  The chicken tikka masala is very tasty, but they give you too little rice, they're a tad overpriced for the quality of food here, and all of the other dishes I've tried here have been just edible or too disgusting to finish (korma dishes , spinach dishes, etc)I want to like this place because it's so nice inside and the location is super convenient for me..... But I can't :(
Very bad attitude with customer.  The Waiter was very rude to us. He give me wrong order and talks like shit... very bad! Food was not good too. Waste of time!
Nice place for a casual evening dinner.  My only concern was that there was only one server, Anthony, for the time we were there, who at some point left the restaurant briefly to purchase club soda for the patrons sitting adjacent to us....
The food is good, but they are rude and super unhelpful when something goes wrong. I ordered via eat24 and it took almost 2 hours to get the food. They didn't know if they had the order or not and kept hanging up on me when I called. I don't think we'll order from them again.
While it was deserted inside at 9pm on a frigid Wednesday, the food was delicious and the service was very warm and friendly. Great samosas, naan, chicken tikka masala, and lamb saag. I can't think of a single thing to gripe about. Thus, 5 stars.
The food was good, although I believe the waiter didn't understand my allergies. So many choices and I would come back again!
The food is great.  We got the Aloo Papri is like a dessert, sweet but filling.  Chicken Tikka slightly spicy, and the Lamb Korma is just delicious!!! All is so good, had it delivered at 10 p.m. and it was delivered via bike, but still warm.
Every once in a while, like a true cheapskate, I use a restaurant.com coupon and try out a new restaurant. On this occasion, I printed out a coupon, specifically for Asya, and headed over for an early off-hour dinner, I sat down and let my server know that I had a restaurant.com coupon. She said "okay," but at the end of the meal, when she wouldn't accept the coupon, it became clear that what she really meant was "i didn't hear you, but enjoy your dinner."  After that the interaction was pretty lousy. (Before that, the Ragra Chaat appetizer was really good, and the Malai Kofta perfectly fine.)
The food is tasty BUT overpriced, and I have received consistently poor service both in the restaurant and with delivery. Trying the lunch special on a day the restaurant was empty, I experienced a long wait time for my lunch, a forgotten beverage, and half the typical serving size for the "50% off" lunch special. That's not a lunch special, that's just smaller portions for a smaller price! The last time I ordered delivery, I waited 70 minutes for my order, and had to call twice to prompt any responsiveness. And as mentioned, the food is overpriced -- $14 for an entree with rice. I am giving up on this place.
3 stars for food, which does the job when I'm craving Indian considering how far I live from Jackson Heights and Curry Hill....however, 1 star for delivery - half the time it take well over an hour/hour and a half to arrive with all the chutneys spilled inside the bag.
The food is good! BUT they're running a scam.My boss and I looked at the menu on their website: asyany.com which says 50% off Lunch (in-house only). That sounded like such a great deal and we were in the mood for Indian food so we headed over there.After we ordered and finished eating, the waiter brought over our check which listed everything at full price. My boss asked about the lunch special and the waiter gave a long-winded reply about how food prices have gone up and the restaurant was reconsidering the lunch special, I believe he said they were trying to decide whether or not to alter the lunch discount to 25%, and that the lunch special was currently 'on hold'. We replied that the only reason we came to the restaurant was for the lunch special that was advertised on the site--they must have to honor it, no? Well according to the waiter, no they weren't honoring it. And they also weren't giving the 25% discount either. He said that because they didn't put the board outside we should have known there was no lunch special that day--perhaps we should come back tomorrow, they might have it then.I regret not refusing to pay due to their false advertising. Moral of the story: always ask about lunch specials BEFORE ordering.
Stopped here for an early dinner recently, and the food and service were great! Prices were very reasonable as well. For apps, try the onion bhujia. For entrees, try the chicken tikka masala, chicken korma or chana saag.
Surprisingly tasty for a local bk spot. Chicken tikka masala was standard / good which was itself a surprise, but the seemingly boring sounding shrimp curry and garlic naan were sparkling with crisp flavor & texture. Delivery was quick and hassle free. Disclaimer - I only gave it 5 stars to drag its score higher.
I have been visiting Indian restaurants , but very few of them are really authentic . Visit to Asya was a pleasant surprise. For starters , I ordered Bhel Puri. It had an authentic Mumbai taste , had adequate tamarind . Along with red wine it turned out to be great combination . Then ordered Baingan Bharata, spices and chillies were just adequate and not over powering . Will certainly recommend highly to everyone!
Went last night on a Groupon.  The ambiance was very nice, and it wasn't crowded; we got a table by the window right away.  The decor is a mix of some Indian-themed things and old colonial style that actually mixed well with the music a-la Buddha Bar lounge.The service was attentive but not overly so; of course the two most expensive items on the menu (rack of lamb and whole red snapper) were not a part of a Groupon, but everything else was (nice touch -- I like it when a restaurant lets you sample their normal menu instead of creating a special limited Groupon menu).So, we ordered: Appetizer: Combination Platter, Aloo PapriEntrees: Chicken Makhani, Mixed Grill.2 glasses of wine were part of the deal -- they never said what kind of wine it was, just "red" or "white" -- which would've been ok for a typical cheap Indian place in the city, but this seemed upscale...Everything was fresh and flavorful.  I'd probably say that the food didn't seem quite as authentic as some places in East Village, but a good solid experience overall -- although a bit on a pricey side.  Will def get another Groupon for this place, but probably not worth it otherwise (our dinner would've cost us $80 for 2 -- before tip).  The manager mentioned their lunch special -- everything was 50% off -- may try that!
Great place to order from on Seamless! Made it to me in Dumbo in under 15 minutes, kinda scary fast. I went with the Chicken Tiki after reading the Yelp reviews and it is delish although I do think I am a vindaloo girl at heart. I like a little edge to my chicken. They have a 20% off deal right now which makes tipping like free!
The food and service was spectacular. Anthony is great!!! You can tell this is a family ran place with a lot of love.
At long last a great Indian restaurant comes to Brooklyn Heights.The food is delicious,  very freshly prepared dishes that are graciously served.Asya is a great addition to our neighborhood, give it a try you won't be disappointed.
So glad we made a reservation! We were a party of six on a Saturday night and every table was occupied. The staff had to turn away about 50 people during the 2 hours we were dining, so do yourself a favor and make a reservation. The food is outstanding. The Manchuria Cauliflower and the Garlic Naan was amazing. The waiter was very direct but his suggestions to order extra appetizer platters was spot -on! Atmosphere, decor and lighting were very nice. We will be back!
Oh, this place?  It's the best indian restaurant in bk heights proper. I got taken here on a date who brought a handy group-on code.  We were allowed two glasses of wine, two entrees and an appetizer.  Plus that, we enjoyed the lovely atmosphere: decadent, quiet, romantic.  The service was curt, but not too bad.  I would expect as much with a group-on code.  So ... worth it and glad I went!  The food was tasty-- but not the best indian food I've ever had in my life.  We ordered only vegetarian dishes (which had a lot of choice) and since my date doesn't eat cheese (shh, I know) we didn't order anything with paneer.  I feel like the food didn't pack the indian flavors I love the most: garlic, curry, turmeric.  It was "Indian Lite" flavors... so if you are new to the cuisine then this is the place for you.I love that's it's up the block from me, though-- so I'll definitely go back and try more items with friends.  It's such a lovely place to just be in and eat in.
Ate here in a party of six on a Friday night with a reservation-- table was ready and waiting for us when we arrived. Each of us ordered a different entree-- saagwallas, tikka masalas, curries-- all were wonderful. The crispy okra was MAGNIFICENT-- bast okra dish I have ever eaten-- no sliminess whatsoever, and an amazing combo of flavors.Ignore the carryout negative reviews if you plan to eat onsite-- place is pretty and very satisfying.
I have been sorely disappointed by the other Indian places in the Heights so far. Thankfully, I tried Asya last night and it is PERFECT. I walked in and placed an order to go, and the waiter helping me (who looked like Aladdin, which is obviously a MAJOR plus) brought me water while I waited. The waiters are very helpful and nice, and not in the typical overbearing Indian restaurant way. The decor is chic and clean--a perfect mix between modern NY with a hit of India. I ordered chicken vindaloo and naan, and they were delicious. The naan is standard, but the vindaloo was by far the best I've had. Plus? The portions are huge--They gave me so much that I have a ton left over. IN SHORT:-chic, comfy interior-delicious food (and half price lunch every day!)-great service-sexy waiter/host who looks like Aladdin
I'm so surprised this place got rated so highly. I ordered through seamless. The sauce for the Chicken Tikka Masala was watery and the chicken was dry. The Saag Paneer was so bad I couldn't even eat it; the cheese was tough and browned. The Naan was tough but edible. The delivery guy was nice at least.
Came to this unfamiliar neighborhood of Brooklyn to be pleasantly surprised by this little Indian Joint just a few blocks from the Station.The gang (about 10 of us) came on a Saturday night and fortunately we were able to fit in the little place.  Service was top-notch as staff constantly refilled drinks and catered to our requests for more Nan and rice.We ordered lots of sauces but the Chicken Tikki Masala was by far the best.The shrimp sauce (don't recall the name) was also quite good.If I'm ever around this hood of BK, I definitely will return!
Being a big fan of good Indian restaurants,  I'm always skeptical about trying new ones.   More likely than not I'm disappointed.   But Asya was a very pleasant surprise.   The staff was helpful and friendly and more importantly, the food was excellent.   We had the Chicken Tikka Masala, the Lamb Cochin and the Peas Pulao, and everything was perfect.   In addition, they had a reasonable wine list.   We had a nice French Bordeaux for $40, that complemented the food perfectly.   And the meal ended with a nice touch when the manager gave us a tasty Gajar ki Kheer (carrot & rice pudding) on the house. One minor criticism, I would have liked to have seen some vegetable side dishes on the menu.A return visit is definitely in the near future.
I came here tonight with some friends. We all agreed that the food was delicious and perfectly seasoned. The servers were also extremely attentive and nice.We tried a few of their appetizers and ordered a variety of dishes for our entrees. Everything that came out was spectacular! Definitely one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to!!My favorite dishes were the veggie appetizer and the crab curry. Their chicken tikka masala was so good too! It was balanced in flavor and the white meat was juicy and tender.I will definitely be coming back with my bf!! :)
Yes, it's better than Curry Heights (duh!). The quality of their corma is on par with some of the better indian restaurants in the East Village, while the Maharaja is just awesome (cashew sauce). The dinner prix fixe at $15 is a sick deal if you want to eat out on the cheap.Courteous staff, consistently good food - you can't ask for more around here. Ambiance-wise, it looks like they had Olde Good Things design their interior, but whatever. I'll take oppressive over tacky, which is what most Indian restaurants seem to be these days.Best of all, they have a website you can directly order from. No reason to go through Seamless, and no reason to speak to a soul when ordering your food.
Last Wednesday night my sister and I went in Asya for dinner and it was outstanding. We ordered the special, grilled lamb with ratatouille, and tikka masala. The lamb was grilled to perfection and the spices were wonderful. We ordered plain naan and the owner recommended garlic naan to bring out the tastes. Great recommendation. The food was so exceptional that we went back there with my other sister and a friend on Saturday night. This time we got two of the grilled lamb dishes, the tikka masala, and saag paneer and shared it all. If it was possible, the lamb was even better than it was the time before. The owner is friendly, eager to suggest dishes and combinations, and clearly takes pride in his restaurant and food. The decor is inviting. The interior is cozy and warmly lit and the front windows open up onto the street with beautiful planters in the front, making it a great summer venue. I live in the neighborhood and for whatever reason the majority of Brooklyn Heights dining options aren't remarkable. I'm happy to say this is an exception.
We LOVED this restaurant. The ambience, the food, the service. All was excellent. Must go to.  We are definitely repeating!  Thank you Anthony! What wonderful service and excellent food! Loved it. Lucrecia ( we had a starter: combination to share) and had the lamb with fresh spinach and a really good bottle Malbec :) highly recommended!
Ordered take out from this new place.  We did chicken saag and "Malai Kofta".  Both were great, but the latter we had never heard of, and we both loved it.  Garlic naan was par for the course (which is great...never met a garlic naan I didn't care for).I strongly recommend you give this place a try!  Just a bummer they won't deliver to my neighborhood :(
We had Asya delivered for a company lunch and it was fantastic. The guys came in and set up the dishes with the utmost care and attention. They provided the serving utensils and had name tags to clearly highlight each dish. The put a cover down to prevent any spills or mess and they were polite and friendly. The food itself was delicious and satisfying. Our entire office was extremely impressed and will definitely plan on ordering from this spot again.
I stopped in to Asya just for a quick bite, the host, Anthony went above and beyond to make me feel at home. The service was excellent, the decor warm and inviting and the food was delicious. I will make Asya a regular part of my restaurant choices in Bk Hts.PS. They do serve wine, but I opted out that night...However, the mango lassi was heavenly!
Very tasty, fresh and flavorful. Bindi masala, Bharta were both fantastic. Hours later and we are still talking about it. We asked Anthony, the very friendly manager, for a recommendation for a lamb dish and we were not disappointed with the dish we got - it was awesome. Don't know the name but it looked like lamb chops with some amazing roasted vegetables accompanying it. Naan was deliciously fresh, chewy and not at all oily, as I've had elsewhere. Service was very friendly but not as attentive as I would like - water glasses needed filling etc. noise level was quiet, which was nice. Not sure was a previous reviewer was talking about - they take credit cards. I'm going back soon. You should too.
I'm a vegetarian and I have had various dishes here that are beyond exquisite. I recommend the malai kofta
We have eaten here several times. This time we got paratha, tikka masala and korma. The Tikka Masala  wasn't as good as we remembered. The paratha was burnt on the edges, oily, and was so shredded up I thought we had been given a basket with a towel in it. Service was good, not hard considering we were the only people in the place for the whole hour.
Every time I come here I love the food.  The cauliflower app and the garlic nan are great.  Really good Indian food in Brooklyn.
This restaurant says they close at 10:30pm, but they can refuse to serve you before then. My friend and I were in the area at 10pm, but because we knew they were closing at 10:30pm, we called to make sure that they would still serve us if we showed up within the next 10min. The girl who answered the phone said yes, so my friend and I walked over expecting to have a great Indian meal. We arrived at 10:10pm and a man quickly approached us to say they were closed even though there were still patrons in the restaurant eating. My friend mentioned he had already called and was told it would be fine if we stopped by. The man was adamant about closing and refused to seat us. Might be a good idea to work on some customer service skills. Even a small gesture such as offering to let us take out would have even been better than the very standoff-ish demeanour we got instead. Sad to say, but first impressions go along way. And even though the food might be good there, we won't be going back for a second attempt.
Food was just alright. Nothing special. Indian food in Brooklyn isn't great, and this falls in the middle range of Indian restaurants. Probably won't go back. I liked Baluchi's more when it was here.Hopefully they'll add some flavor to the food and things won't be bland like they are everywhere else.
Pretty legit, they never brought me the crackers with the spicy red sauce when I sat down, the table next to me received this when they sat down, kind of irked me even though I was done eating I still would of liked to have that when I sat down.. Ordered Samosas for an app, have had better before but portions were right and sauces were good. Had the curry chicken for dinner, portions are mad small. Could of had way more chicken for the price. Also had the lamb app (Seekh Kebab ) was pretty fire. All in all good Indian place but nothing special. Ordered the garlic naan also, very garlic... like too much garlic.. but good.  Delivery truck pulled up to make deliveries during dinner (8pm) which was kind of awkward. Bathrooms are nice haha... I'm gonna give some other Indian places a try before I go back here, its the most expensive spot in the area. Might go back but didn't deserve more than 3 stars.
We had to come back to visit Asya because its our favorite Indian restaurant in NYC. Anthony always takes care of us and went beyond expectations. Cauliflower Manchurian is a must! If you love Indian food go to this restaurant! The service is great and the setting just right. Thanks for making our visit that much better : ) Julian and Julianne!
Came for dine-in Brooklyn, just writing my review now! Woah!Clearly, you know this place is good if I'm willing to dig into the nether regions of my memory to craft this review. Asya is definitely the best Indian I've had in the hipper regions of Brooklyn (e.g., BK Heights, Carroll Gardens, The Slope,  etc.). I say this because I feel like there is some amazingly authentic hole in the wall Indian place elsewhere in Brooklyn I just don't know about.Anyway, for Dine-In BK, Asya did this awesome 2-for-$26 or so three course dinner. Yea that's right, two three course dinners for a cheap price! I got the Chicken Tikka as my appetizer, the Chana Saag as an entree and I don't recall what  had for dessert but I know I enjoyed it. In terms of what I do remember eating, the Chicken Tikka was really flavorful and hot, which was great a I'm a spice lover. The Chana Saag was also hot and complexly spicey- I feel like too many louzy Indian places just chuck some spices in and don't create discrete flavors. Not the case here!I also got a navratan korma to take home which was very good but lower on  fruit than I'd have loved
The manager Anthony is the best. I came in early to make reservations for my girlfriends birthday dinner and he helped me choose an assortment of delicious dishes during our visit. Every dish - the Shrimp dish , the portobello mushrooms,  and the Lambchops just so goood! Then the wine and the chocolate cake they prepare for me. Just unbelievable great experience- great atmosphere,  great food and great service.Our new favorite and happy birthday to my lady of my life Keva.
The food is just okay and the service is not good. The man who works there was nasty and rude.
Asya has a lovely, relaxed and cosy atmosphere.  There are also nice tables by the windows which open out into the street.  Anthony, the waiter, was attentive with our order, but somewhere along the way there was a little mix up and our food was delayed.  They couldn't do enough to make amends and brought us complimentary beer while we waited and puri bread.  The puri bread was delicious and probably the best bit.  At the end of the meal Anthony even brought us a dessert on the house.  The food was nice but the service was the thing that made our evening.
We eat here regularly for a reason. The dishes are excellent, the bread is fantastic, and the service is super. Highly recommend the chicken tikka and keema naan. The bhartha is great too.
By far the best indian in brooklyn that i've had.. Usually i go to jackson diner for my indian fix but every time i come here i leave just as satisfied as i would making the shlep to Queens. I usually come here once a week or so with anywhere from 4-6 people and Anthony the waiter maybe owner is a great host. The Samosas are super fresh , the cauliflower app is great and the naan is always great as well! All the entrees i've had here are always right on point with spice and flavor. Great to finally have a good indian place close to home!
Food is okay however people who manage this restaurant are too rude; they accept reservation but don't care about it. Poor customer service experience ever.
First time here a couple of weeks ago, and literally stumbled upon it with a friend.  Beautiful decor, lovely owner/manager, great service overall.Delicious food, shared the special shrimp and okra special with my friend (we both loved it), and my Chicken Saag was the best I've had in NY, just the right amount of spice, fresh and flavorful.Highly recommend and looking forward to my next meal there!
The food in this place was ok, the taste was diminished because it felt microwaved heated. The service is terrible. Granted it was a Sunday afternoon. Our waitress was slow, rude and automatically charge 20% service for a table of 3. When I asked her for our change, she kept pretending not to hear me. When I explained that I'd like to decide the tip amount, that as far as I understood tip was suggested, she got mad and said that in that restaurant they didn't have laws. There are lots of better options in the area.
This place is delicious! There are a lot of mediocre Indian restaurants in nyc, this is NOT one! Extremely flavorful execution of traditional dishes you'd expect. Great for delivery, but also a nice ambiance to go to. The people that work their are extremely friendly and sometimes throw in a complimentary dessert!
I do not recommend the "sloppy pav." I ordered 2 of the vegetarian pavs for lunch time delivery. It did not come with masala chips or pickled ginger as indicated on the menu. It included a very small portion of stale potato chips. It also did not come with Jalapeño aioli as advertised. The portion is very tiny and extremely overpriced. I also detected no quinoa.  Lastly, the delivery person arrived with no money to make change. When I called to inquire about this, it was not handled well. After spending $14 (tax and tip) for lunch, I am still hungry.
We stumbled in here after visiting Brooklyn and were so happy with the food and service. It happened to be happy hour, so we got three appetizers at half price instead of a meal. Everything we tried was hot and delicious. We'll definitely go back when in the area.
I have had delivery orders from Asya in the past, and never had a problem.  Their food in past orders WAS consistently good... until now. I ordered the Fish Tikka, which had 3 large pieces of salmon.  No complaints about portion size.  I ate the first two, however the third piece I could not eat because it was mostly raw.  It was not cold inside, per se, but clearly, it clearly was not cooked beyond the outer layer.  Add to this, they forgot to put the bottle of water I ordered in the bag.  I hope the quality of this place is not going downhill.  This was the best that Brooklyn Heights had in a very long while. Please Asya, do better!!  Thank you.
I love the whole atmosphere inside this restaurant.  It's small and cozy, making it a very comfortable place to eat in.  I had a taste of several dishes, my favorite being the chicken masala.  I also enjoyed the fish tikka; it's not overcooked, retaining the right amount of moisture.  The waiters were very attentive, and service was fast.  The only complaint is my seating.  Try not to sit directly in front of the door, especially during the winter.  But the restaurant was packed, so I suppose it cannot be helped.
They have just ok Indian food. The location is nice though and it looks pretty cool. However their food isn't really that great, its nothing to rave about. They do appear to have great service though. HOWEVER, the brought us lentil bread to the table, and we hadn't ordered it, and our waitress just said its ok, just enjoy. We were impressed. Their menu said lemonade mojito $4, so I ordered it too. Come to find at the end they charged us for the lentil bread that we didn't order to begin with, and charged us $15 for the mojito because we didn't get a lemonade, even though their menu described it as $4. Oh yeah, and we were their first customers of the day...at 05:30 pm! Wow. I don't know how they stay in business.
This is not so much as a negative review as a piece of constructive criticism.  We have been a number of times as we really love ndian food.  The decor is gorgeous and food is good but the woman who is the host is just so aloof and cold.  No friendliness, or acknowledgement that we are regulars.  However, the  young guy who brings the food to the table is full of personality and fun and friendly.  My advice, swap them round and the atmosphere will completely change.  Sorry, don't need the long face after a long week!
Have ordered from here twice. 1st time I was really underwhelmed. The sauce on my chicken tikka was weirdly sweet. Friends convinced me to try again. Ordered for take out again last night. Once again the Chicken Tikka was a disappointment. The sauce was... ok. But the chicken itself was overcooked both times I got it. Really dry and felt like it wasn't cooked in the sauce but rather just plopped in later after it had been hardened. The Samosa was decent. My wife liked her spinach & chickpea thing. My wife did pull a full cardomon pod out of her samosa. Having cooked Indian at home I know it can be a bear to find those things before serving but I'm not cooking for people for money.
The food is so yummy here. When we get delivery it is there in 20 minutes. The staff is kind and responsible and there are lots of nice touches when you go into the actual place - they have nice beers and keep the glasses in the freezer so they're nice and frosty. We love this neighborhood gem. (And we eat there at least once a week - it's the only place in the hood we really crave on a weekly basis). When we go in, the only thing that bums us out is that the raita isn't included as a sauce selection for free the way it is when you get delivery, but that's not a big deal. We splurge and get the Raita side dish. Love this place.
One of the few places that makes me crave Indian food. I've been here several times now, but it wasn't until I had the Lamb Korma that prompted me to leave a review. The dish is lamb in a delightful almond curry sauce that has several layers of flavor. At first, the curry is smooth and milky, as you would expect from an almond sauce, then like most traditional curry, it gets a little spicy, but just enough to tingle your tongue for the next naan dip. If you're lucky, sometimes you'll get some pieces of almond to give the curry a delightful texture if you're the type to ladle the curry onto your naan like I do. I would definitely recommend the garlic naan, it came with a nice crispy outside and a warm fluffy inside. I've also had the crab curry, which was actually pretty good since I am not a big fan of seafood curry. I expected the curry to overpower the crab, but surprisingly you could make out the crab in the curry which was a delight. And of course, the chicken tikka masala was delicious and delightful, it's always a self bet to sample Indian food if you've never had it before. In terms of delivery, I would say dine in is better. I'm saying this because the food might not come as perfect as it would straight from the kitchen. If you're up to tipping, definitely stick with the dine in, the decor is actually pretty nice and has an authentic Indian feel to it (the bathrooms are pretty clean too).In terms of service, I would say it was pretty quick and courteous. I have never dined here on a extremely busy night, so I can't speak about the food speed, but I never have noticed the food not coming within an appropriate time frame. I will say that if you're there when they are about to close for lunch, they might seem like they are trying to rush you out a bit, because they will give you the check before you ask for it. However, I didn't feel rushed the entire time, and I will say that we overstayed pass the closing time for them to prep for dinner service and I wasn't bothered by the gesture at all (although some people might).Definitely come here for the lunch special, which is 50% off if you pay cash, as other reviewers have mentioned. It's also surprisingly offered 7 days a week, so I would imagine it gets packed during weekend lunch.Overall, I would definitely recommend this place for Indian food. The only gripe I have was the waiters didn't come in on magic carpets and no genies from lamps were present as was portrayed by Disney.
This is a delivery review. Service was quick (if not a bit brusk, the guy nearly threw my food at me). The food was excellent; hot and delicious. I ordered the combo and for $15 was given three chutneys, yogurt sauce, naan, two samosas, rice, and a large portion of chicken tikka masala. It would have been enough for two light eaters. The samosas (that were still crispy, not soggy) were served with chickpeas. I'll order from them again.
The food is good. However, we have had some catastrophic delivery experiences on more than one occasion. They desperately need to get a new delivery person. One time they delivered food to wrong apartment. Another time the food was initially delivered to the wrong place and then the food delivered to us was not ours and finally on the third attempt they got it right. Visit in-person, but avoid delivery at all cost.
When hear with an old friend. The ambiance is very nice. Beutiful Indian artwork here. I had a sppinish and lamb dish, some type of delicious califlower(very different) and tasty. I also had the mango lassi.... so good.... will most definitely be back here..Itd be a nice date place too. Staff were very hospitable as well.
This is such a racist restaurant! I am an Indian and had brought my parents along with me to this place. The waiters here have too much attitude, are discourteous and have no respect whatsoever. Right from the moment we entered, the waitress showed too much attitude to us when we wanted to order appetizers. They didn't check on us either, the food was late and not good at all. And to top it all the waitress hand calculated the bill, added tips on her own (can you believe it???) and then when I asked her for why she did that she said " Its ok, I don't need your 4 dollars". I felt really embarrassed in front of my parents for taking them there and having them face this! This is a totally unprofessional place with the people here not respectful of their customers. I am sure if they continue this, they would be left with no customers whatsoever. Through this review, I wanted to warn people to not head here and face disappointment and embarrassment. It's not worth it!
The food was just okay, I felt the portions were very small and we were given one rice to share between the two of us.  We had gone all the way down Henry street to this restaurant because we had a $15 off coupon through Scoutmob, and it took the waitress 3 tries to ring up our credit cards properly.  The appetizers we had - vegetable samosas - were dry, and didn't come with sauce.  We asked for dipping sauces and were given a tiny little bit that was barely enough for one person.  I wouldn't come back here again.
Really nice atmosphere, great for a date. And, of course, very tasty food. I'm so full, but now that I'm home I'm craving more!What really brings this to the 5-star rating though is the service. Both times I've been there the manager has done whatever he can to make us happy. Tonight I went there and ordered a chicken vindaloo. The waitress warned me that it was spicy (to which I said, 'no problem') but I didn't realize just how spicy it was. When she cleared the table she noticed I barely ate it. I told her it was much spicier than I expected. Then, minutes later, the manager came to our table and told me he was going to give me a chicken tikka masalla and rice to go, free of charge. So, now I have lunch tomorrow!All in all, a great place. I recommend!
Decent place for Indian food, but a bit pricey for lunch. We had the tikiyas to start, which I wouldn't recommend unfortunately since the flavor was a bit overpowering. For entrees we had chicken tikka masala, bread, coconut rice and crab curry. The sauce for the tikka masala was quite tasty and the crab curry had a lot of flavor. The coconut rice was not too sweet and went well with the crab. Overall a good meal and probably the best in the area for Indian, but I still may stick to Little India or Curry Hill for my Indian cravings in the future.
Really good Indian food. Pre-fixe special is great and the choices are abundant. If dining in, the owners will usually custom make dishes, depending (Aloo Matar was not on the menu and they had no problem accommodating).A great [flavor] break from the norm in BK Heights!
Appetizer: Samosas. Excellent, crispy and alive with flavor.Entree: Bhartha. Unbelievable, perfect seasoning. Without a doubt the best way to eat eggplant. Dessert: Jalebis with Rabri. I trusted our host with this selection and was completely satisfied. The Jalebis were sweet and crunchy and the Rabri was creamy, with full hints of saffron.I hope to go again soon.
Finally some great Indian food in the Dumbo/BK Heights area.  We ordered Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer and both entrees were delicious.   Looking forward to adding them to the weekly rotation.
The food was good but the service was horrendous!  The female manager/ hostess was RUDE! The sign outside reads 50% off and I ordered to takeout. The bill comes at full price over (17 dollars) and she tells me that its half price only for dine in and she can't refund my credit card because they started cooking the food. Almost 18 dollars for lunch for a dish with no sides ,is a little pricey. So I told her I would dine in with my sweaty workout clothes on. After I ate the bill came and she said no CC for under 10 bucks. (There is no sign in the door or on the menu). Told her I had no wallet because I went for a run only CC. She started huffing and puffing. I left no tip.
My husband and I had dinner here recently. Great service, Great food. Staff was excellent! Beautiful artchitectural venue. Nice music.
Best Indian in Brooklyn, hands down. Eat here at least once a week, mostly through delivery and the food is always as warm and delicious as it would be if  I were sitting down in the restaurant. Even the delivery man is great! If you live in Brooklyn and want Indian food, look no further than Asya.
I like the place, and this is the only clean Indian restaurant in DUMBO. I went with my American friend, and we ordered White Rice, Garlic Naan, Lamb coconut curry, Lamb Almond Curry. My friend liked the Almond curry better as its was less spicy. I liked both, but taste was lesser than I expected. Though I also missed the spicy hot flavor, I should confess that I am from India, specifically Southern part of India, who eats very spicy and very specific about the traditional taste. I would rate 2, but my friend said he would rate 3. Worth a try!
Great place. Worth traveling to from anywhere in the city. We had the chicken makhani and daal.  Birds chirped outside the store window as we dipped our naan into the tangy sauces.  We'll be back.
We went for sloppy pavs, but left hungry. The host told us you cannot order them for sit down, nor for take out. You can only get this menu item by ordering through Seemless.
The food is good, but there's at best a 50% chance that your delivery will arrive on time and contain everything you paid for.
Comfortable place, delicious food, good service, and the host, Anthony, was very personable.  I love this as our neighborhood Indian food go-to, and looking forward to going back!
Ordered food over two hours ago and still waiting for delivery.  If you order with the intention of actually consuming Indian food, this isn't the place for you.  Inexcusable.
They didn't give silverware with delivery to a hotel. Wtf? Having to search out silverware bc our hotel charges four dollars for utensils = terrible meal experience. GIVE PEOPLE SILVERWARE If they ask!
Indian food is overpriced all across the western world. I know Indian food. I'm of 1/4 Indian heritage and I've spent a lot of time with my paternal grandparents in New Delhi and Mumbai. Asya has a huge problem. The food is substandard, overpriced and the menu is uninformative. Living in Brooklyn Heights area one has only 3 choices for Indian food. All of them serve non-kosher halal meats. Two other restaurants mention it on their menu, but Asya does not, thus misleading people. They will charge you $18 for 2-3 pieces of shrimp without explaining what the sides are. The person on the phones, their waiters and the host are rather snippy. There are other ghastly things in the kitchen that go on which need not be said without substantial proof. A food prep worker, when confronted off duty, told harrowing stories about their kitchen. So customer beware, and use this restaurant at your own risk.
So yummy! Easily the best Indian food in the neighborhood. We had the Chicken Tikka Masala and Crab Curry and both were excellent. Ordered for take out and the staff was polite and courteous and very attentive when we walked in. So happy to have Asya in the Heights!
Awesome deal for lunch. 50% off the menu. Easily best Indian food in this part of bk.
My husband and I have been to Asya 3 times so far since we found it and I have to say that I'm always craving it!  It it is by far the best Indian restaurant in the Brooklyn Heights area.  My favorite dish has been the Balchau Shrimp, but the Chicken Tikka Masala is also delish.  The service is always excellent and I love the decor.  Highly recommended!
We just went there for the first time and it was awesome.  Lovely ambiance, attentive service, and best of all the food was delicious!
We have become regulars here because we love the decor and the tikka masala! We welcomed an Indian restaurant to the neighborhood (it was Baluchi's for a short time, not sure what the story behind the change was), and I have to say we're pleased. I don't see it crowded with diners most nights, so I hope the good reviews help get the word out. Really good food and very reasonable pricing!, especially for lunch!
Decent neighborhood take out spot for Indian (or dine-in).  The samosas are yummy.  However, the chicken tandori I ordered was not spicy at all.  Condiments needed to be added for more kick.  A little disappointing.  The saag paneer is good, but wish there was less of a nutmeg-like flavor.
So i had to write a review bc the neg reviews are just annoying. This place is super cute and the food is great! I do have to say im new to indian cuisine so perhaps my palate is not as trained as some others but ive had indian food in places that are considered by expert indian food eaters some of the best and this place didnt pale in comparison.  In fact, some items here were even tastier than at this "expert indian place" like the garlic naan which, as another reviewer pointed out was "garlicky and naany" and also just plane ole delicious! Id skip their apps as they are not the best ive ever had and just order a bunch of mains to share. We had lamb with veg curry, eggplant with onions and peas and aloo gobi (the cauliflower n potato) plus the garlic naan.  Ive been here once before where a friend ordered the chana masala and my hubby had another lamb dish.  All dishes we tried here were very tasty! The waiter (a tall gentleman) was courteous and helpful and i have no complaints.  The only thing was that the place was totally empty, but people did keep coming in for takeout and lots of deliveries were going out, plus it was a random tuesday evening so not too many people out i guess.  When i came here once on sat place was pretty packed! Anyway, i really liked everything and will def be back! Dont be fooled by the small looking portion sizes tho, they completely stuff u! I think they only look small because of the type of plate they are served in, if they were served on a flat plate it would prob be a pretty large portion. Anyway if ur looking for solid indian food, good music and a good atmosphere i def recommend!
I've had my fair share of Indian cuisine in Brooklyn and Manhattan and never felt any reason to write a review. But I have to say, Asya is the absolute best Indian food I have had in a while. The Samosas and Chicken Tikimasala are my favorite. I simply cannot go without ordering one of the two. Another thing about Indian food, is that I find it quite difficult to find good naan, but they have pretty decent naan. Haven't tried the flavors yet, but I'll be sure to next time.
