The worst place to order food for delivery. They make you wait for almost two hours. On top of that, the manager absolutely lies to customers and keeps on suggesting that the delivery is just 5mins away for calls made over 45mins. Food is substandard...too oily and just a bunchload of spices. Never ordering food from here again.
Went to have dinner. This time ordered :Saag Paneer - fresh, yummy, delicious. Garlic Naan - was good.Complimentary rice - was good. It was not stale. Chicken Biryani - Loved it.I had asked for less oily food and it was perfect this time. Service was good!
Everything was excellent. We came in close to closing time so the place was empty.Hostess/waitress was very friendly and service was great. My fiancé and I ordered the Lollipop Chicken as an appetizer which was excellent.  Chicken was cooked well and had a lot of flavor. For entrees we ordered the lampchops and lamb rogan Josh with the garlic nan. Meets were cooked perfectly. Spice level we ordered were medium spice and spicy. Both were good for our taste. Would definitely recommend and will visit again.
I should probably confess that I'm a sucked for some great Indian food.With that said, Silli Point does not disappoint! Gotta love that its BYOB. It took awhile to place our order but food was worth the wait. We really digged the butter chicken, garlic naan, and chicken vindaloo. Think I'll request the vindaloo to be super spicy next time! Medium had a nice kick. I did think portions were a bit on the smaller side and was confused about the Chinese dishes on the menu listed under a section called "Left Arm China Man"...?Will be trying the chicken saag, biryani, and mango lassi next time!
We had been to Silli point fusion for dinner last night and the service was terrible .The food is over rated and was not upto our expectations.The ac was out of order and the lady named Urvi offered us a table closer to the standing  fan which she never bothered to place near us .She was enjoying the fan for herself .Terrible customer service .The waitress brought out the wrong dishes and the kadhai chicken we ordered was no where close to the original kadhai chicken.This place is a rip off.Will never go back here again.
This place is run by three Indian families that had a dream of opening a restaurant together. This place is filled with cricket memorabilia but otherwise the interior is pretty boring. But who cares what the place looks like; the food is amazing! The portions are good and the owners always offered me more rice/bread/etc free of charge. I've been here several times and my sister and her boyfriend come here many times as well. The naan in particular is pretty amazing! Despite that, I have noticed that the food is inconsistent at times (perhaps because the three wives take turns cooking meals). Overall the food tastes authentic and service is equally good.
My boyfriend and I came here for our second year anniversary having our usual Indian cravings and it was unbelievably delicious!! We've been trying to find a tasty Indian spot nearby us and this is definitely a go to! We got the chicken biryani and the shrimp vindaloo which were both really super delicious and I recommend getting nann with it. The lady was really nice and gave us free dessert too which made me want to top this review with 5 stars. We'll definitely be coming here again and we want to try everything on the menu.
This place is amazing!!! I've been more than a dozen times and I often have Indian food in the city and this is hands down the best I've had by comparison. Tushar, whom I believe may be a part owner, is incredibly helpful and attentive, as are all of the staff. The food is fresh, superbly prepared and delicious, every single time. 10 stars!
Let's be real, we have all heard, order more please from the waitstaff. I was a avid customer until they tried double hassling me and harassed by using other phone numbers to call. If you don't order enough, they will hassle you, especially if you are confirming that you don't. Simply their food is very good but their hospitality is not genuine and they are trying to up sell too hard.  Food is something to judge but so is the way they continue to treat customers. They also never told anyone that you can have 20% off your whole order anytime of day until the New Years. I literally watched people paying more because of how hard the staff hustled their guests, I hope this makes you clear that they got you or someone you know.
Really wish enjoyed the food here :) Good option if you want to have any Indo Chinese food
Incredible flavors from start to finish. I had the lamb chops as that was the recommendation. I am fairly picky when it comes to lamb meat, as overcooked lamb is too dry and undercooked lamb is too gamey. The chef at Silli Point was able to cook it just right and the spices left me thinking nothing could possibly top this. Until the Mango Melody dessert came. Sachin level of greatness!
My friends took me to this place during my trip to NJ. I must say the food was amazing and the service was quick and great. I am definitely going there again on my next trip.The other best thing was the cricket theme... loved the ambiance.
Got take out for lunch, definitely hit the spot when craving good indian food. I got the chicken tikka massala and my friend got their buttered chicken. The total came around $25 and came with rice on the side. Although the flavors were all on point, we both thought there would be more chicken. If anything, will definitely order from here again!
Got delivery last night through Grubhub. This place totally blew me away. Always had bad experiences ordering Indian delivery so I'm over the moon about finding this gem. We ordered chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, garlic naan and rasmalai for dessert. The chicken in the tikka was so tender, though the sauce was a bit on the sweet side. The saag paneer was incredible. A bit like an Indian spiced creamed spinach. Cannot get enough of it. The garlic naan is loaded with garlic (don't kiss anybody after consuming) but if garlic isn't your thing there are many other flavors, even chocolate. Lastly, the rasmalai, I wasn't crazy about the flavor of this but I think it's my own fault for thinking that cardamom tastes like eating perfume. I'll try a different dessert next time. There was a technical issue with Grubhub when I ordered and the restaurant was nice enough to call and let me know there was a delay. After having many restaurants on GH leave me high and dry, I appreciate that they called. Food ended up arriving on time anyway.
I have tried many Indian restaurants and they have totally let me down. Thank god for silli point. Their food is absolutely amazing. The spice levels are on point, the tenderness of their chicken dishes is phenomenal, and the taste is amazing. Not only is the food to die for but the staff is super friendly and the restaurant is lively. And it's BYOB. Can't get any better than that.I highly recommend the butter chicken and the tandoori chicken. I definitely will be going back with all my friends separately so I can eat there many more times.
Went for dinner on a weekday. The place was almost empty and we had the restaurant for ourselves. Ordered Veg. Pakora, Bindhi Masala, Garlic Naan & Old Monk Chicken.The pakora is full of batter - i could not find any vegetable at all. Bindhi(Okra) Masala - was OK. It can be a lot better.Garlic Naan is cold and not goodOld Monk Chicken was absolutely bad. The chicken pieces were so big that they did not have that appetizer texture at all. With only 2 people in the entire restaurant the service could have been better. No water refills through out.I mentioned that old monk chicken was bad and asked to cancel it. I was told they can re-do it but cannot cancel it. Did not argue much. When I was paying the check the lady came and mentioned that they did not charge for the chicken. Not bad!The portions are good. Quality and taste is sub par. With no Indian food joint around we really hoped for a better experience. I am not coming back here.
Good food but do they know how to run a business?We enjoy the food very much and order atleast 2 times each week for last several months The food is authentic and uniqueBut after being a loyal customer from the day they opened we get a big lecture about a minimum order requirement on the first occasion we tried to order below the minimumObviously they don't get what customer loyalty means
All I can say, this place is amazing!!!The food is outstanding, service amazing and it is BYOB!!!   You have to try it!!!
My husband and I went for dinner today and it was very very good.  I had the curry chicken (very spicy good) and he had Chana masala very good too.  Love their rice and the appetizer sauce for the table is yummy!
This place was great. The menu was simple yet had plenty of options to keep me coming back to try new things. Great food, but I am pretty bitter about having to wait an hour for the food.
Hands down food wise great quality Indian restaurant so far but recently I realized they tend to push on ordering things even when you don't want any food. When we dined there as well as deliver. This was the first time I experienced someone forcing me to order more food? What kind of service is that? I go there with my boyfriend quite a lot But recently I stopped going because of customer service reasons. Don't get me wrong the food is fantastic, fresh and love the flavors they use with what I have ordered so far there. It's a family oriented restaurants. They are nice people but at the same time it has proven to me customer service isn't their best. I feel homey and comfortable dining in there but what made me uncomfortable was asked if I want other foods, more food to order etc. It makes it obvious they need their business rolling. The part where they make it too obvious is what I wasn't too fond of. When it came to deliver I was not happy with their service at all. I was honestly very upset. I was extremely sick one day and and my boyfriend as well. After a long day at work I had my boyfriend call them because I was extremely sick and absolutely cranky. He warned them that we may not able to pick it up and mind you live literally down the street from the restaurant. Approximate 1 minute walk and we warned them that if they can kindly deliver. If the delivery went smoothly with good customer service I would have tip the delivery man more than 20% but since they were very rude, harassed my phone more then 8 times with different numbers and made us order MORE FOOD WHEN WE ARE SICK!! Have the audacity!! To make us walk there when we mention being sick and have it deliver to a 1 minute distance/30 second distance. I did not feel generosity from them. I was not going to plan to pick it up because I am sick and their customer service was absolutely horrible. they were harassing my phone many many many times while we were both sick and made us not want to order from them ever again. Customer service is very important to me where ever I consume something. Whether a restaurant or a retail store to products.  Price is definitely why I like this place too. Very fair and the food is amazing. I still would recommend for people to try this place, but probably not delivery. one to try this place. Even if you are sick I would order their soups. I am a huge fan of their soups that my boyfriend and I ordered it more than 5 times but too bad we are not going to eat there anymore. Everything is a must have. I was their frequent customer but like I said that has changed because of our experience. Mostly my experience. It's really smart they open an Indian cuisine place in cliffside park but if they do not change their customer service way it may turn ugly around here.
Cheese nan was really good. The samosas were amazing! Staff and owner very attentive and provide great customer service.
As a first timer, left completely satisfied. Went for dinner early on a Friday night and was one of the first few tables. They began to fill up a little later.We were 3 of us (including my seven year old) and we have plenty of leftovers.- Old Monk Chicken (Excellent)- Samosa (Good)- Masala Lemonade (first sip is nuts !! but good)- Mango Lassi (Good)- Fresh Lime Soda (Awesome)- Lamb Roganjosh (Good)- Saag Paneer (Awesome)- Chicken Fried Rice (Excellent)- Jalapeño Naan (Excellent, its spicy)- Mango Melody (Meh)Total bill was $76 including tax for the whole thing, which could have easily served 4 adults.Overall this place is great and I will be dining there often. Super glad there's a new restaurant close by !
We just had dinner there. Simply said. It was EXCELLENT.I highly recommend going for lunch or dinner.
It was my 5th visit to Jersey city and I can promise you that you won't get Indian authentic better than here. I tried most of the Indian restaurants here but I found this one as my best restaurant. You will get all kind of taste here hot, spicy, mild and best dessert. I can suggest you, if you are vegetarian- paneer kadai best for spice lover. Chicken- Afridi tandoori chicken, old monk chicken, chicken curry and last but not least, servicing staff is really good and supportive and quick. I found same quality and standard on my every visit. If you are food lover then you must visit this place.
This new food joint at Cliffside Park is a pleasant surprise for anyone who loves Indian food.Got a chance to dine in the other day and it impressed us with the nice cricket themed decor the moment we entered in.Tried the Tandoor chicken and Tawa Shrimp for appetizers and both came out really nice.The chicken was fresh and soft enough to melt in the mouth while the shrimps were little tangy and spicy just the way we liked it. Ordered the GarlicNaan and Goat curry for the main course and I must say that this is one of those very few Indian restaurants in Jersey where you get authentic flavors in the curry. Overall a nice Indian restaurant to dine if you are in mood for some Indian fusion food without having to worry about the crazy traffic of Jersey city Indian street.
Food was delicious and fresh! Very clean and welcoming atmosphere. Would definitely come back again. The staff was friendly and very informative. My only complain would be that portions are a bit on the small side but it was inexpensive.
Great food! Every single item we ordered was 10/10. It was spicy and tasty and genuinely Indian. We loved the lasuni gobi- it was crispy and light. The entrees were like eating in Punjabi dhaba. We had navratna korma and their jalopeno naan, and that was a great combination. A must visit for foodies craving spicy Indian food.
By chance, we drove past this delightful restaurant and decided to give it a try.  We were welcomed by our very attentive server who explained the unusual name of the restaurant.The food was promptly brought to our table  and it was really very good. Light, flavorful and nicely spiced. Dessert was a 'mango melody' that was a creamy 'mango pudding with honey "munchkins". Out of this world!The atmosphere is casual and friendly. We'll be back!
I've been here 3 times now and the food has been fantastic every time.  First let me say that this restaurant is not your typical Indian restaurant with all of the standard Indian items.  While they do offer those kind of traditional dishes, they also offer a huge variety of fusion dishes which are really good.  They even offer chocolate naan.The portions are extremely generous and prices are on par.  If you're not up for eating at the restaurant, they deliver also, which makes it extremely convenient.  Their food has some kick to it--not to the point of being too much, but it has strong, excellent flavoring.  I would highly recommend this place.
I have been ordering for take out from this place, food is good but last weekend I had a really bad experience.I called to order delivery, he said it would take an hour, so I asked about pick up... the guy said it would take the same time one hour and hung up on me. Delivery or pick up same time??? Called again and tried to place an order, I asked him what the total would be since I wanted to pay with a credit card, he said he could not tell me because he did not put the order in the system and that he would call me back within a few minutes. 20 mini later still nothing. 30 minutes later the manager or owner called me with total, at that point I told her to cancel the order and that's when she started making excuses they are busy and only have one phone line and so on.It is unheard and unacceptable that once you tell them what you want and you ask for a total, you have to wait 30 minutes. With that being said, I will go back ordering from Kinara in Edgewater.
I was not impressed and wouldn't recommend this place. We were the only ones dinning their yet it took over 45mins just to get our food. The wait staff seemed interested more in take out orders or hanging out. The wait staff and the manager came across as standoffish and disgruntled. Their sketchy behavior made us feel uncomfortable and unwelcome. The portion sizes were tiny. The menu is misleading and so are the servers. Simple things to make like naan,appetizers and the drinks were fine. The main course food items were really lacking in flavor and quality ingredients.
Excellent food and service! The flavors are incredible. Just beware that this food is the real deal, so if you can't take the heat (spice), be sure to ask!
Great service. Ordered Garlic Naan, Butter Naan, Chicken Tandoori and Butter Chicken. Delicious. Chicken was tender and juicy. The Jeera Rice that came with CT had a little too much spices but still okay to eat with the CT and its sauces. Will come back to try other dishes! #thumbsup
Excellent food with a welcoming, caring staff. My husband and I are delighted to have such great indian food with extremely reasonable prices without having to go to 6th street in NYC. We ordered apps, two entrees, breads and drinks for $40. I urge people to give them a shot. They deserve it. Just don't go in expecting a beautiful restaurant. It's  very sparsely decorated which I found to be a strange counterpoint for a warm, welcoming place, otherwise. Keep in mind I'm a neurotic mess who expects perfection.
We accidentally found this spot tonight and were presently surprised. It looks like a small simple restaurant from outside, but the food is surprising delicious! Had some great naan, mango lassi, dal! Wonderful customer serive. Overall, a great little spot - would recommend it!
Ordered delivery the other day. Had the Saag paneer, chicken Tikka marsala, Malai kofta and naan. The Saag paneer was a different consistancy than I'm used to. Not as purred. More visible bits. Spicy too. Not a big fan. I like it mild. The chicken tikka was good, but he sauce was thinner than normal. The Malai kofta was ok. Sauce was also thin. And just was missing something. Not the best Indian in town.  But was ok
Great Indo-chinese food. Very attractive staff, oops I meant to say attentive staff; especially the young lady who was very accommodative of our movie plan later in the evening. I am here to comment about food only. Mancho-veg soup was great. Worth a visit.
I love love love Silli Pointe, I read about their grand opening on The Daily Voice, ordered via Grubhub this past Sunday and then again Tuesday evening and could not stop raving or craving their authentic Indian food!!! I passed out menus at work and my colleagues love the food too!!! This restaurant is such a gem and I am so glad that we can now order authentic Indian food whenever. All the best to the proprietors of this new restaurant. The staff is friendly and kind and the spices used are pallet popping!!!
Good customer service. Their butter chicken masala is really good and their signature dessert mango melody is something new! Really enjoyed the meal.
Food was excellent authentic Indian excellent service can't. Wait to. Go back  love it    Owner was great  so nice       So happy they opened ion Cliffside park
We had a quick stop at this place on our NJ trip.  People who know game Cricket will love this place ambiance.  Ordered some finger food and appetizers.  Old Monk Chicken was super delicious.  Prices was competitive and we will definitely go back on our next NJ visit.
The food was below standard with no flavor at all for the kathi rolls and chicken biryani and tikka was flavorless too.
Excellent food, especially the cheese nan. Food was delicious and there was a great selection.  Very casual atmosphere. Great service.
Really surprisingly great. I have had great Indian food from NYC, to Florida and this was among the best without being intimidating or expensive. We were really pleased with the exceptional and really tasty food. Service was personable  and atmosphere very casual and relaxing
Ordered delivery via Grubhub. Food came very fast. Garlic naan was excellent. Lamb vindaloo - not spicy like the other versions I have had (this was indicated in the menu so not a surprise), but pretty delicious anyway. I read there were a few complaints about portions but mine were plentiful.
Fantastic place. Loved the food. Hotel staff was awesome and friendly. Specially the cricket interiors. I was amazed by looking at it. KUDOS !!
Great Chef!What would make it perfect is a full course Diner Menu Apptz, Soup, Main and Dessert.Overall, highly recommend.
Found a little hidden gem right on Anderson. The food is amazing! Fresh, tasty, traditional at an affordable price.  The service hands down is wonderful. Our server was so pleasant and helpful in recommending food items. The sweet Naan bread is out of this world. I will definitely be coming here on a more regular basis and what's even better is that it's a BYOB. Until next time!
I am a true Indian food fanatic, coming upon it about 5-6 years ago. Being Cuban, I love Cuban food but Indian is definitely neck and neck with Cuban food for me. I usually grab Indian in NYC. It has been tough finding a good Indian place in NJ....until now. Silli Point has become my go to place for sure. Since before its ribbon cutting I have been coming here, almost every week. The staff is courteous, the service is excellent and the food is BEYOND. I have not had a bad bite yet, and really don't expect to. If you want that "home-cooked, Indian comfort food" feel, this is definitely the place for you. The garlic naan is perfection. One of my favorite appetizers is the Old Monk Chicken. I have never tried anything like that before.....the richness that the dark rum adds to the chicken is pure flavor. The standards like chicken tikka masala is great...lamb korma is excellent. A first for me, their Indo-Chinese chicken fried rice is amazing. All around this place is tops. Many more great dishes to come!
Overall great experience.  The food was delivered within the time frame told by them.  Decent taste and reasonable.
Great food and wonderful hospitality. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area...highly recommend and byob!
We ordered here twice and always yummy and fresh. Especially Tika Masala and Garlic Naan is extremely good. Next time we go for dinner.
Really tasty food!! Always fresh and full of flavor. I've ordered delivery, go for lunch and dinner and always delicious and exquisite. My new favorite restaurant in Cliffside Park. Chicken tika massala is majestic! Strongly recommended.
So far I have eaten inside (BYOB, spacious) the service was good, the lady was really nice. Food got out pretty fast and the prices aren't so bad. Honestly Cliffside Park has lousy food spots and you should have seen my face when I heard this place opened up. The samosa's are my favorite oh man so good! I had the lentil soup which was okay and the chicken Masala? Not sure if I'm spelling it right but that was great although I feel like the held back on the spice. I also got pick up and it was good. Last test is delivery ( this place will definitely make the 5 star cut) but seriously I do recommend this place, check it out please. I don't want to loose it.
I always order take away and the food is simply great. They make the Indian dishes taste very homely, not too much oil or food colors unlike usual. If you are looking for a one person meal definitely try their Lunch Special served with Star curry of the day, 2 veggies, dessert, basmati rice and Naan. The portion is more than enough for one person and it all comes for $9 only!!!
Met my good old friend who played cricket with me in texas and decided to have dinner at this cricket themed restaurant in NJ. the food was amazing all around - the liver fry was amazing and for main course i would suggest mutton biryani. overall the ambiance was welcoming!
Very tasty. Got there at 2:30 on a saturday despite the door saying they were going to close at 3pm for 2 hours. We, and several other diners were there the whole time with no indication of them closing. The waiter (owner?) was very nice and offered to answer any questions that we had. The menu was color coded for meat/vegetarian and it was clear and easy to read, and good descriptions of the dishes. The place is rather small, but it's not a bad thing. We got a little cracker to start with the onion chutney which was really good! I ordered the chicken tikka masala and my SO ordered the chicken korma. Both were really delicious and just the right amount of spice, and the butter naan was great. Prices were really reasonable, also.the waiter was super sweet, and attentive to our needs. definitely will be back!
Have given them enough chances. There is no salt ever in their food. Overcooked noodles, greazy chicken lollypop. No point eating bad food.
Great Indian food! We have ordered from Silli Point a few times and the food has always been excellent. The paneer tikka is excellent and for some reason I find that its a hard dish to get right. We ordered food for 12 for a party recently, everyone loved the food and the portions were great as well. Highly recommend this place, definitely our go-to indian restaurant in NJ.
I have probably never written a review so reluctantly. You see bunch of young guys hustling, on a weekend night, they could be out chilling.... They could have chosen to push paper in boring day jobs, like most of us do. But instead they are hustling in the restaurant business.  I respect that. I respect the hustle. But thats all they earned tonight, kudos for the hustle. The food itself was below subpar. We first orderered kathi rolls, which were just curry dishes wrapped in naan and lathered with mint and tamarind chutneys... soggy and messy. And pointless.. No problem we orderered more food... the chow soup was ok, then we ordered chicken hakka noodles. The chicken pcs were as if someone over nuked a breaded chicken cutlet and then threw out the middle part... just cut up the ends, the bready ends that is and tossed it in with the noodles. The noodles themselves were just ok. so there, not a silli point but a pointless spot... i hate to say this, but i give this spot 6 months max. Which is a damn shame, cuz there are no indian restaurants in the neighborhood... :( so I hope they can turn this ship around. Its still not too late guys. You can do it!
This part of Bergen County needed some good Indian food and it has arrived. I ordered the chicken vindaloo, some garlic naan and a mango lassi. Simply delicious! The naan was cooked to perfection and the vindaloo had just the right amount of spice. I only ordered takeout, but when I stopped in the place look really cozy and was spotless. I look forward to ordering more entrees and plan to stop in for a sit down meal soon!
This place is just really amazing.  The Indian food is so authentic and the chinese fusion food is very good and creative.  The butter chicken is probably my favorite but you can't go wrong with any thing.  If you like spicy food this place has that too, some stuff can get really spicy like the Wankhede chicken Curry.  My most favorite thing here is the lunch, The composition of all the little dishes is perfect and the ice cream is out of this world.  The portions are perfect for the price.  The only thing I would say is that delivery can be slow up to 1 hour but it's because they are very busy,  If you are ordering for dinner I would order before 7pm.  Also don't forget about the chocolate nan, I know it sounds weird but it's the perfect balance for a spicy dish.
Great food great service and perfect spice !! The menu has unique names which was very interesting. Ordered paneer tikka masala, malai kofta and garlic naan and jalapeño naan. Paneer (cottage cheese) was very tender and soft. Everything came out amazing. Mango Melody is a must try.Best Indian restaurant in the hood.Will definitely come back to try their other dishes.
Ordered delivery, chicken curry. I said I did not like dark meat and they reassured me that only chicken breast was used. It was a lie  - it was all pieces of drumsticks. Why lie, it would have been easy to say what it contained and I would have ordered something else. Not very customer service oriented. Makes you wonder what else they are doing when they think it does not count. BTW, the curry sauce was very hot and tasteless. The basmati rice was overdone, like mush.  The naan was thin and dry. Perhaps they knew I would never order from them again after I tasted the food so they didn't care. There are much better Indian places in close proximity. Stay away from this one!
This place has an amazing chef who serves biryanis and schezwan with equal ease. Superb service too. They raised the bar for Indian food in north jersey.
My wife and I decided to stop in and try this place out. its not a fancy restaurant but the service and food is AMAZING!. Our waiter was very attentive amd made us feel like we where getting catered at home. i ordered the lamb vindaloo ..OMG!!! it is divine. the lollipop  chicken is OUTSTANDING!!! this is truly a diamond in the ruff..a true GEM!! love it..very very happy tummy..
Amazing food.  Everything my boyfriend and I ate was cooked to perfection! Service was awesome.  Highly recommended eating here.
Amazing food. I have been to many indian restaurants and never had Paneer that was soft, tender and bursting with flavor. I loved their Jalapeno nan too. We ordered for delivery so I was really surprised how soft and warm it was. The other dish that I tried was Baingan Bharta. The spice level was perfect.There are very few restaurants that make food without MSG and when I called them they happily acknowledged that request and made everything without MSG.I'll be going there soon to try their Indian Chinese.
I've been here 3 times in one week. First time I came, I was expecting just an average Indian restaurant. Totally blown away by their dishes and flavors I couldn't resist but coming again and again. Their butter chicken and garlic Naan are out of this world! The service was great, and the ambience was also nice. I will come here again.
Amazing food.. ordered in - Great service and delivery was quick as well on a Friday night!!  Jalapeño Naan is a must try .. one of the only decent Indian food restaurant in the area!
Just came here once for the first time. The food was pretty good. We tried the chicken tikka and the egg curry. The naan was cooked perfectly and very soft.The service was great as well. I'll have to come back a few more times and have a more detailed review. Nice to have Indian restaurant in the area.
Ordered delivery from them and not only did it take an hour but the $12 chicken tikka masala came in a plastic pint container. For $12, you should get a half a chicken, at least. As a matter of fact, the BBQ spot down the street charges $14 for a whole one. What a fucking rip-off.
Really amazing Indian food with a kick. We were 7 people and had six different dishes and all were delicious.
I've been here 3 times and I must say it even gets better and better...the butter is chicken is very tasty, fresh and creamy just like eating in Bombay....perfect amount of spices in all their foods...the chicken lollypops are fantastic...just make sure to tell them your spice preferences...spicy is pretty spicy....casual atmosphere and great service...a must try
The food from here was so salty it was essentially inedible. It was a take-out order. If we had been eating in I would have sent it back.Most of the other reviews are good so maybe I just got unlucky. Over-salting food is right up there with the worst mistakes a chef can make though, so we were very disappointed.I might give them a second chance at some point, and will update the review if/when I do.The number of good reviews leads me to believe we might have just hit them on a bad night, we'll see. But first impressions count. You've got to be consistent.
They have the best chicken Tikka masala, really beats out any place in NJ that I've been to. Staff is friendly and quick. Thanks Again!
Ordered 2x chicken tikka masala (spicy and mild), saag chicken and 4 naans. Totally hit the spot and excellent taste. A bit spicy for my Gora friends but great taste. Owners were friendly and chatty when we were waiting for the pick up. Wishing them the best.
Elegant atmosphere with the most exsqusit Indian food within 20 miles. Great service and amazing food, can't ask for much more.
This is probably the best tasting Indian food in this area.  They don't have a buffet like you see at most Indian restaurants in the area.  It's BYOB with a liquor store next door and they are fairly priced.  They also offer lunch specials throughout the week.  We had the chicken tikka masala, which is on point with the perfect amount of spice (more on the milder side), accompanied by the garlic naan which is perfect.  We also had the Shrimp Tandoori which was also very good and perfectly spiced.  I washed down my meal with a masala lemonade, which had a slight spice to it and carbonated, very refreshing after the entire meal.  My friend had the Mango Lassi, also very good, it was like a perfect little dessert drink which went well with the meal.  Will definitely be returning for more of their delicious food.  I should of taken some pics, but I was too busy stuffing my face with deliciousness.
Tasty and authentic Indian food. Hosts were very courteous. Menu is culturally innovative w cricket terms  and nanes embedded in dishes. Would recommend definitely.
we went here for their lunch special. the food is amazing! the food has an actual kick to it, which is great. we're coming back soon!
Eaten here several times since they've opened.  The service has always been great and I've always been very pleased  with the food.
This is a good Indian restaurant in the neighborhood! I ordered malai kofta, naan and lentil soup! Lentil soup was just fine with respect to the taste and proportion. Malai kofta was very well prepared and delicious. Delivery was very quick. I had requested some lime and chillies which I guess they forgot to add to my delivery. I will definitely order again!!
My husband and I was looking forward to the opening of this restaurant since there aren't a lot of indian spots close by. We finally tried it and it was excellent! We had chicken kathi roll. For an app, it's pretty big and more like a lunch but yummy. Then, we had lamb rogan josh, chicken tikka masala and silli chicken biryani and garlic naan. We ended with rasmali for dessert. The portions were generous and the lamb was tender which I don't find often.  Def recommend and will go back. Service was also friendly.
Awesome Food. Chicken Lollipop is amazing. Pure authentic Indian style. Naan is very good too. We will come again......
Had this place for the first time yesterday, not being sure what to expect. Word of mouth was limited to the joint being newly opened. However, the food did all the speaking for the newly opened restaurant. Walking in, you're transported to a mini cricket stadium, accurately adding to the ambiance intended. I had ordered the butter chicken, and was immediately wow'd by the authenticity and plethora of flavors that enveloped my taste buds. Unfortunately I could not finish the entire portion in one sitting, which fortunately meant I could save more for later. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to try Indian food, but does not want to travel all the way to indian to do so.
Absolutely delicious dishes and wonderful service! Our new favorite spot! My hubby and I highly recommend it. :)
I ordered lunch from them. The food was smelled bad and was definitely old. To their credit, they gave me a partial refund. But, restaurants should not be sending out old / stale food. Will not recommend.
Great authentic Indian food! Service is great, music is lovely, and the food is amazing. If you're looking to get the biggest bang for your buck, this is the place!
We ordered delivery and it took forever. We got the biryani medium spice and it was the spiciest tasting biryani we've ever had- and we love spicy. Order it mild.
Had the lunch special.  It was a reasonable price. Also ordered chicken masala which was tasty but portions could be larger.  I find that all Indian restaurants are skimpy on entree portions and charge a lot of $$$ for something that still leaves one hungry still afterward.  They don't have a very popular Indian bread (poori) which is a staple in all Indian restaurants but this one does not have it on the menu.  We had to order extra naan bread because we did not feel full based on sparse portions  The Naan bread was good though.  So I gave it 3 stars for these reasons.   Nevertheless glad to have another option in the local neighborhood for Indian food.
So glad we finally have a fine Indian restaurant in cliffside park. Food is amazing and quite authentic. Lamb chops and chicken tikka masala have been consistently good. They cater for big parties too. Definitely recommend if you are looking for delicious Indian food at an affordable price with no compromise on taste or quality!
The saag paneer is truly the best I have eaten in all of NYC area. Service sincerely caring and passionate. Friends open restaurant doing what good ol' boys do best: be friends following a dream and knocking out their favorite things: TASTY comfort foods and all things cricket. Makes me want to be a cricket fan myself.  We LIKEY!!!!  Go boys!
We've been ordering from Namaste lately and they're alright... Went on Grubhub last night with my husband and saw this place pop up - we LOVE Indian food and have only really enjoyed a good meal in the city, but we took a chance trying this new spot and the food was sooooo good!!! It was so good that we had to call them and actually tell them how good it was. Will only order from here from now on when we're not able to grab Indian in the city. Great job guys.
Amazing food!!! Owners are super nice! Comfortable ambience and really clean. My new go to spot!
Wonderful Indian food. Meat and veggie dishes are outstanding. I just got back from India and the butter chicken at this restaurant is as good or better than any I had in India. Highly recommended!
Absurdly delicious food, quality ingredients, excellent service, and they deliver. Go eat here you won't be disappointed!
Stopped there with a friend on Sunday for lunch and the food is amazing! We tried chicken lettuce wraps, butter chicken, egg curry and chicken saag. I highly recommend the egg curry, though everything was delicious and good spicy! I'm definitely going back to try the old monk chicken!
Great food! Loved the veg biryani. Right amount of spiciness. Would definitely go there again!
Such a great addition to Bergen, and most especially Cliffside! Their vegetarian options are simply fantastic and we have ordered from them twice so far. Very flavorful and portion sizes are great.Their pricing is right on, delivery is within a normal time frame via Seemless and they are, frankly, super pleasant and great at what they do. I hope they succeed!!
Very good Indian food. They delivered the food well within the time and the quality exceeded my expectations. We tried the veg curries and the spice level was perfect. Highly recommend the jalapeno naan and mango melody.
best takeout indian in the area!  great tikka masala and biryani
