Always enjoy going here to our local Indian food spot. These guys are always friendly and have a great sense of humor. Whether it's slow or busy the food and service has been on point. Not sure if I like the sweet sounds of the tabla in the background or the ice cold Kingfisher brewskie more, but one thing 4sure is I never leave disappointed.
I've come here for lunch a few times. Great prices, cheap beer. The staff was super friendly and the food was delicious! Favorite neighborhood Indian spot.
First impression was amazing because I came 40 minutes before closing. My waiter was amazing and truly respectful. Definitely recommend the vegetable soup and chicken Tika masala with garlic naan! If I ever comeback for Indian food it will be here! Thank you for the hospitality!
Bombay kitchen food is amazing. their customer service is great as well. I ordered the iced coffee one day and it doesn't compare to anything I've ever tasted.
Food was delicious, service sublime and the vibe absolutely pleasant! Definitely a great choice for a fun, simple, affordable meal
I've been here twice with my friend and both times have been excellent.  The first time we just got appetizers and coffee, the second time we also had entrees. The lemon water was a little bitter from the lemon rind sitting in the water too long, but everything else was top notch in terms of both flavor and presentation. Very good value for the money, and very attentive friendly staff. I'll be back again.
Seriously delicious food.  Always tastes fresh and fast delivery.    The vindaloo and tikka masala have tons of flavor.  Love the saag paneer too and the sweet naan with coconut and raisins goes great with the spicy dishes.
This is my go-to restaurant to order food from. They deliver so fast, like usually under 20 minutes. Honestly we probably order too much from here but it's just so good i can't help it! I tried a bunch of other indian spots around here when I first moved in for comparison and nothing compares to bombay kitchen. Whenever we need a pick-me-up this is the place to go.
I used to order regularly from here through seamless. The food is great and an amazing price. Sometimes they would deliver to me in a mind blowing 15 minutes. I live in Los Angeles now where I can't find a deal like this place. Don't take it for granted, I would almost move back to Brooklyn just for this place if I were a millionaire.
Banging ass butter chicken with basmati rice! Delivery was quick, the delivery guy was so nice and funny. Overall I will be ordering from here again.
The staff was very kind and attentive. The food was also very good for the price. They gave us some really good complimentary rice pudding!
Bombay kitchen is a great spot and doesn't take a long time. Tons of meat selections, but great for its vegetarian choices like Saag Paneer. Their rice pudding is also the bomb(ay). Gimme dat Bombay Kitchen!
Solid food over here with friendly and hospitable service.Had vegetable tandoori-flavorful and had nice kick (got the mild spice)Oh, Bollywood music videos playing on their flatscreen as well-guaranteed convo piece
The taste and portion size of this food far surpassed my expectations. Though it's a hole-in-the-wall, the delivery was so surprisingly good, that I came back the following day and ate at the restaurant some friends. It definitely surpassed my expectations with the quality food, with speedy delivery and good restaurant service. AND, they have an extremely extensive vegetarian menu, which is really what I personally look for in a restaurant.
My favorite place to order Indian in the area. Always comes in a reasonable time and it's delicious!
Ordered food from here for the first time. They r fooling people definitely with the so called malai kabob. My malai kabob is not even cooked. The chicken is not even cooked. This can be dangerous. This malai kabob never hit the grill and tastes stale as well... wont order from here again..
I ate here today for thanksgiving with my friends and we were all happily fed. The service was great, they made sure our glasses, plates and appetites were filled. The food was even better. The beer selection made us feel at home and one of the staff even called us after we left to remind us about our leftovers. It was a great place to spend thanksgiving and the staff/food/service was everything we needed
Mold on their food!We certainly won't be eating here again. One of our desserts (the gulab jamun) had a nice deal of mold on the side. Okay, it happens, but the lack of responsibility for it really did these guys in. The man on the phone insisted it was "fresh" and then wanted to replace it with another "fresh" order. When we declined another order and wanted a refund - and we were willing to only be refunded the cost of the gulab jamun (even though we won't be eating the rest of our order), he refused the refund! Not what I call friendly service. Just give us the 5 dollars back for the moldy balls you sent us! (couldn't resist). Just own up to it. Say you made a mistake and work with your customer to fix it. We weren't rude, we weren't demanding a free order, we just wanted you to correct your mistake without us risking eating another mold covered dessert.That's what we get for straying from our usual Indian spot in the neighborhood to give other people a go.
I can only speak for myself, and the food was fantastic.  I had the chicken Tikka Masala and it is for now my favorite.  The environment is friendly and of course the service was outstanding.  Will most definitely be coming back to have another meal here.
This place just was subpar. Nan was gummy and mushy. Grilled Veggie appetizer was not grilled. Veggies were RAW and had some yogurt sauce and some sort of hot red sauce on top. Veggies included cucumber, slice of lemon, raw red onion rings, piece of green pepper and cauliflower.. was really terrible. Chicken Tiki Masala just was spicy tasting and no depth of flavor associated with curries. Chicken tasted as if was "an old bird".. a big dry and tough. To top it all off the delivery man was extremely rude even though I tipped 20% in advance on seamless. It all sucked, saved your money or go to McDonalds.
The food is fine. It's not exceptionally great but if you order delivery, it can be surprisingly fast and that is my favorite part, honestly. I tend to order the saag paneer and ask for it very spicy. Often very generous with the paneer which is a big plus!I really enjoy their samosas and their naan.
I like to go and sit for my meal here. Very pleasant staff, food is delish. I love the fresh shrimp appetizer, grilled meat and samosas. My fave are the lamb saag, shrimp tandoori and chicken tikka masala. $4 glass of wine as well! I like the rice pudding as well. Just a great neighborhood spot!
Best Indian food in the neighborhood.Good size portions, quick delivery, great flavors! Their naan is delightful & I love their vegetable dishes & samosas.
I loved it - I'll certainly be back! The naan was fresh, the lamb was so tender and the chicken tikka masala was just right. The staff was incredibly friendly and I thought the small dining room was perfectly cozy.
My go-to spot when I need a little masala fix!Excellent food, quiet/romantic atmosphere, and a pleasant display of classic indian tunes.The service is always precise and polite, and the prices are more than agreeable.
I've never had such a love affair with an Indian restaurant in New York, as I have with Bombay Kitchen. Everything I've ever ordered has been so flavorful and perfectly executed. Also, their portions are so generous I can get another full meal out of it --and I normally hate leftovers. I was devastated when I was no longer in their delivery zone on Seamless, so I tried the other neighboring Indian joints out here, all disappointing, and one of them was so inedible I had to throw it out. I now go out of my way, two stops early on the subway just to pick up Bombay Kitchen's deliciousness..
This is only the second time I have ever had indian food and this food was phenomenal compared to my first time. I got the Chicken Tikki Masala and it was phenomenal. Decent delivery time as well. I will DEFINITELY be ordering from here again
Best Indian food in Bushwick... Heck I'll say it, in BROOKLYN! The staff was extremely cool and chatted with me about the food. What would pair good with entrees. I don't recall Indian beer, but it reminds me of the pilsner of Japan and Thailand. You can sit in and enjoy the good company, order to go, or call delivery from home. If you are close you need to give this place a chance.I have had better naan, but it was still good. Chicken Takka Masala was great. When I was there they were having a special on drinks, an added bonus.I'll definitely put this in my rotation. Try it.
#amayzing place. I went to this place last night for a sit down dinner and we were BEYOND happy with our experience, the service was wonderful and the food even better. We sat down and basically had a full 3 course meal the started out with a wonderful shrimp appetizer that was served with poori.... Sooo good! Then we followed with malai kofta also phenomenal; but the best part of the meal was the Bombay chicken yes it takes 45 minutes to prepare but it's so worth it that once it arrives to your table you will just salivate. The chicken was perfectly cooked, juicy, spicy, fell off the bone and was served with this amazing herbed rice it was just #fantastic! To top all of this off we were even able to by a six pack in the restaurant (at regular 6 pack price) and take what was left over home. Over all this place is just wonderful defiantly a great neighborhood spot especially for the price you can literally feed 4 people for about 60 bucks including drinks and tip, the service is great and the food is amazing beyond a 5 star experience.
I love to dine in at Bombay Kitchen. The small dining area is cozy and the staff is so friendly! They've given us dessert on the house several times, and the food always comes out quickly. I only eat the vegetarian dishes here, and I don't tend to get spicy food, so I haven't explored the menu that thoroughly, but everything I've had has been tasty and fresh! I especially like their malai kofta (veggie dumplings in a tomato cream sauce). Just the right blend of sweet and salty!
GROSS GROSS GROSS. The biryani was completely inedible: it tasted funky like soap!! The Baingan bharta was spicy and very watery, the naan were dry and flavorless (had the garlic and cheese one). I'm use to eat at Indian restaurant and this one is by far one of the worst one I've ever had. Only plus: vegetable samosa
So far the best cheap Indian takeout/delivery I've tried in Bushwick. Mind you any Indian place is way overpriced so this in comparison to other Indian restaurants. I usually get the $13.00 special that comes with a main, appetizer, naan, rice and chutney. The chicken tikka masala is THICK with a lot of flavor and more than 3 cubes of chicken, which is a usual frustration with other Indian joints. The samosas are also packed with that good stuff and full of flavor. I always recommend this place for Indian. I'm too scared to try any others now that I finally found a decent one!
I've always ordered for delivery and been very happy with the speed at which it arrived and the taste of the food. I then decided to eat at the restaurant and was bowled over by the hospitality. Sam our server was great and the food was even better and the bill came to only 72 for five very satiated and satisfied customers
you literally SLAY the daily specialwe love you bitch!
tried this place out for the first time yesterday, ordered the Tika chicken Marsala, and man it tasted f'n magical.. Delicious. That being said it only got 3 stars because of the serving size and price. Paid 13 bucks for a really small bowl of chicken and a tiny container of white rice, and much as I liked the food I couldn't help feeling like I just been ripped off,i could've gone to the Chinese restaurant on Wilson and Halsey (which is really good by the way) and gotten twice the amount for the same price. If you really like Indian food and have a small appetite then this place is for you. Me, I like good food and good portions.
The best takeout I have had in Bushwick HANDS DOWN. I found this place on delivery.com after ordering from a different indian place that food was not great at all. This is one of my favorite Indian places to order from period. I love their selection of curry, I think I have ordered almost all of the ones listed on the menu. I will miss this place when I move next week. If you live in the area and love food with a kick i would suggest you order from this place.
This is a one of the best authentic Indian restaurants I have visited. I will be back for sure. We had a sizable meal and every dish was spot on along with the service.
Had lunch for several times in here and now I decide to add review. I ordered chicken tikka masala, lassi and others. Both were too sweet to eat. I would suggest you to let them know before you order.
I can't even properly describe the way in which I love this place, but for Yelp's sake I am going to try. This is the sweetest bunch you'll ever encounter, I promise you. I've been ordering online for months now and I am hardly ever disappointed. One fine day, I ditched delivery and en route to my local laundromat, I decided to pick up some dinner. They sat me down, I had a nice talk with the nice man behind the register and they even served me while I waited. Upon arriving home, they forgot something, so what did they do? They called me and brought me an extra little treat as an apology. My entree of choice (chicken makhani) can be inconsistent, but more than tasty nonetheless. The Kashmiri Pulao is delicious, a fruit laced with spices rice dish. The samosas are on par and their naan is just a delicious compliment to almost any dipping sauce with it's wholesome flavor and fluffy texture.  I absolutely love their rice pudding, but their fresh shrimp could be more tasty or more period. I could go on and on randomly thinking of food to comment on, but if you're in the mood for affordble, healthy Indian food and you live in Bushwick, definitely give them a try, you won't be disappointed.
I ordered from this place through seamless, one of their delivery guys was so rude, clearly he doesn't know anything about customer service. I ordered the food, said it would be here at 6:30, he happened to come by at 5:45. It was my bad, I was far away from my phone. 5 mins passed by, realized he was outside. When I went out I apologized sincerely, this is his exact response, "Sorry, ya right, I was waiting here for 30 mins, next time you order I'll just come late to you." Mind you he's been waiting outside for only 5 mins. Never ordering from that place again!!
Great food! I've never been to the restaurant itself, but I order from Seamless all the time. They have a fantastic Chicken Vindaloo and are super quick on their delivery. Great Garlic Naan too! I highly recommend.
I order out to this place and it's the best indian food I've tasted. Well, the only other time I had indian food was when I had indian roommates in college, but still. I usually order the Chicken Tikka Masala, which is excellent, but they make it SO spicy sometimes. They have 4 levels of spiciness: Mild, Medium, Spicy and Very Spicy. I tried the Spicy one time and then had to lay down because it felt like I ate an active nuke. Then I ate the leftovers the next day (because it still tasted good and I'm hardheaded) and had to deal with being that much closer to a giant ulcer. If I'd ordered Very Spicy I would not be here to impart this wisdom upon you. I order Medium now and it's still pretty spicy, but very manageable. The naan is good and fluffy. I got the gulab jamun which is alright. The rice that comes with the meal is excellent. The delivery guy will come right up to your door, which is great.
Listen, some people like to hate on this place because they don't understand what it is all about, really f--king good, fast service, and humble but tasty indian comfort food. Me and my boyfriend live down the street from the joint and whenever we go in we get treated like kings, and they recognize us and often give us stuff on the house often because they know we like going there, and we tip them well. (I used to be a server, so I always tip well regardless.) Okay, it's not revolutionary cuisine, and some things on the menu are better then others. (I reccomend their shrimp appatizer, their samosas, their ponir appatizer, their lamb curry, and their spicey dishes in general. And the poori!) Hey, I'm not a very fancy person either. Yes, they have a huge TV running Bolliwood at all times, and yeah, if you are looking for something a little bit more MorganTown, this ain't that. But I don't like many of the restaurants in Morgantown or SOHO or other "artsy"/snobby places either. If you want people who are going to be super nice to you, eat tasty food, and leave some of the snobbery behind, it's a hidden gem. If you are looking for some place to change your world and challenge your pallet/conseptions about what food can be or mean, don't eat here.  If you are going to be super sensitive about how authentic you think it isn't, then you will not like it. Otherwise, yes, I'd reccomend it to anyone.I like it to go on a date with my boyfriend, or with a large group of people, because you can often get the whole place to yourself.
I ordered the chicken korma. It was great. I would defiantly order it again except for one problem. It was way too expensive for what you get. It was $17 (before tip) and it's barely enough food for one person. Also, the naan bread was not great. It was pretty much a tortilla. All in all, if you don't mind paying too much, go for it. It was a nice change from Chinese and bodega sandwiches. They do have lunch specials until 4pm every day. They were quite a bit cheaper.
Had an awesome experience dining-in at Bombay!  Enjoyed two delicious chickpea appetizers,  tandoori mixed grill (with mango pickle side that I love) which was a bounty of flavor goodness!  The service was wonderful and we totally enjoyed the bollywood style music videos.  So much fun.  Hot chai and kheer (rice pudding) made for a cozy dessert.  Reason enough to frequent.
The place is kind of small (not very small), but it's enough tables for a few like 20 people. I love the Indian music videos they play on their flat screen TV. The employees are always friendly. I usually go to the restaurant. I never got my food delivered. I never had Indian food until I went to this place. This place has changed my mind. The 1st time I had the chicken masala and it was delicious. My husband had the chicken tikka masala and it was AWESOME!!! Now when we go to this place we always order the chicken tikka masala. I also love the lamb tikka masala. The presentation is cool and I love the bright orange color of the dish. We go to this place every 2 weeks. I would recommend this place to anyone who is new to Indian food.
Great Indian Food! Way better than Delhi Heights or Agra Heights for delivery.Try the saag paneer and chicken tikka masala. The mango lassi's are also great.
Soooo good!! Very authentic indian food, plus they gave us delicious dessert for FREE!!!!#!! YES FREE
The food and service here were awesome ! I definitely recommend this to anyone who likes Indian food
I have never actually been to this business.  I found a menu on my doorstep and decided to call one day.  That was over a year ago and whenever I want some GOOD Indian food, I call this place exclusively.  My favorites are the shag ponir (spinach with cheese and tofu with rice); lamb or seafood biryani (excellent rice dish served with choice of meat or fish); cheese nan bread, onion kulcha (an onion bread), banana pakura (type of banana fritter) and mango lassi (a delicious Indian beverage).They've recently added wine and beer to the menu.  I tried the red wine once and it was awful.  But since the food is so excellent; I just forego the wine.
Cute little place. First time trying Indian food.  The service was great and they even gave us a dish of the best rice pudding for dessert.
Delicious and quick delivery! Try the chicken or lamb vindaloo and garlic naan
Love the food!!! I've had their Chicken Tikka Biryani and it is delicious!!!! Mango Lassi and their garlic Naan, can't beat it!! This gem in Bushwick, Brooklyn is a must go!!!
Tikka MasalaAnd also Lamb VindalooHolla at cha boy
I live in the area and I've eaten around. So far getting this is the best spot to come eat in the area. I'm definitely coming back.
My bad. I've mistaken this place for a good Indian place I ordered from. I just ordered from here recently and it was pretty bad. The curry was bland and the gulab jaman was mushy.
I've only ordered take-out and delivery from here so I can't talk about the restaurant itself, but the food is great for the price.  The portions are huge and come with lots of little extra sauces and things like that.  For $15 you can get a very big dinner that will probably result in a few left overs unless you are really hungry.
Okay, tried again. I'm sorry, this is just sub-par Indian food. The sauces are overly creamy, odd colors, and taste almost artificial. It's great that there is an Indian spot in the area, but eh. The bread and samosas are fine.
Food is decent. Service is horrible! I've ordered here about 5 times and every time there is some "accident" that makes the delivery MORE than an hour and a half late. If you want Indian food delivered to your house, order from Taste of India instead. I'm still waiting for my food!
The food was delicious! I got some curried chicken with spinach and garlic naan. I hadn't given Indian good much of a chance until now and this place has opened up my world. There is definitely room to dine in and the service was great too! It wasn't too expensive either... About 10 dollars per person.
Very hospitable service and the food was delicious as usual.  Best food in the area, id eat here once a day
Very yummy food, as well as very lovely service. The food had just the right amount of spice. My family & I thoroughly enjoyed eating here. Would definitely recommend, & will definitely be returning!
This place is one of my favorites. I've ordered delivery a handful of times and was happy with the food. But I went in to eat the other night and they were so nice! Gave us some stuff on the house, the service was super fast, the food was delicious. I am happy to give them 5 stars for that.
I have only used this place for delivery. I always order through grub hub and so far it's been a good experience. They always deliver earlier than the estimated arrival time. The food is ok. Not terrible but not great either. Compared to some of the other delivery I've had in Bushwick it's decent. The daily special is a pretty good deal. Last time we all ordered different appetizers and one person ended up with french fries, which was weird, because none of the appetizers we chose from fit the description of french fries...but he wasn't picky and ate them any way. I just wish I could remember what it was so I don't order it again. Perhaps it was just a mix up.  All in all we know what to expect when ordering from Bombay kitchen, and when we are feeling lazy and want something convenient, this is our go to place in Bushwick.
Shared Lamb Madras, Lamb Biryani and PooriWorth it!Ordered through grubhub.comFood came fast- less than an hourVery neat packing and food was piping hot Very happy to have good Indian food in Bushwick, great alternative to Chinese on a lazy night
I have ordered take out from this place on a number of occasions. I must say it always gets delivered hot and fast. The food is so flavorful and delicious. I always order more than what I can eat because everything I have had from there is amazing. I ordered the chicken vindaloo because I love spicy food and it did not disappoint. The naan is perfectly made unlike other places where the naan is too thin and hard. I can't wait to order from them again!!!
Ive ordered delivery from this place twice now. Never dined in.Im glad this is in bushwick. I almost never ever eat out in bushwick or get takeout, so I finally have a decent delivery place when I need one. Decent, that is, for bushwick.Its what youd expect for this neighborhood, and thats all I have to say on that. Prices are extremely fair, and the food isnt bad. Ive never had a meat entree (and never in my life would dream of eating meat from a takeout place). Samosas are great, the various shag dishes are pretty good. The bread is not so great - Naan is like a staple of indian takeout/delivery food for me, so when you cant get the naan right you get judged heavily. I just ordered a roti and the thing is stale as can be, burnt in a few places - I cant believe someone would serve this. I kinda want my $2 back, this thing is not edible. Ill try a poori next time. Delivery guy is nice, heh, thats all I can say about the "server" experience Ive had. Theyre accurate with the time they tell me when I order, but I dont like that it takes about 45 mins to go a few blocks with some food that was obviously made many hours ago. Also minus a few points for serving very hot food in cheap plastic containers, no thanks for the extra side of BPA. I probably would order from here once every 40 days or so, but as I said im not big on takeout/delivery, I just make my own food.
Came here to eat with some friends. Food was very good. Attentive service. Great value. I'll be coming back.
A gem in the neighborhood without a doubt, i'll never understand why this restaurant isn't busier. Every time I go I'm treated like family. Everyone working there has manners and the hospitality is through the roof. The Indian music videos playing are quite the entertainment if you have a sense of humor as well. As far as the food goes, I'm a fan. It's quick, filling and delicious. I almost always get the CHICKEN MAKHANI & the PESWARI NAAN. That being said, I've ordered a handful of other things (CHICKEN KORMA) and have not been disappointed. I prefer to eat in, but I've ordered delivery and it was just as good. portions are big enough for 2 meals usually.
If you're will to pay $16.50 for Indian delivery in Brooklyn, there are at least two better joints on Seamless. One won't have a picture. So...the mango chutney condiment was the most enjoy feature of this meal. My homey from Baltimore plowed through our Curry and Tikka Masala, fueled by munchies--not satisfaction. According to my carnivores comrade, the chicken was dry, tough, and full of inedible components. The sauce wasn't bad. And the samosas were very good. This place was decent, don't get me wrong. But the Jackson Heights has certainly spoiled us.
Food is about a 4, but Seamless food delivery guy is the worse. I lived in an apt, and had never put the passcode to the front door on the info paper. Every other delivery guy usually just calls me and I come down and get the food. This guy said he called me twice (I showed him my phone how there wasn't a missed call). I kept telling him he only called me once, and he started getting aggravated. He only called me once, and told me in a bestial manner to write my passcode down. I said alright, and he left slamming the gate as he walked out.I've ordered from Seamless over 50x and nobody has had a problem, but this guy did. I'm usually a nice guy but he should be fired. Only in New York..
Tasty food. Fast delivery. I just wish they delivered to my house. The tikka masala was delicious but a little too sweet. Nann was good. The breading on the potato cakes was a lil too thick and it gets soggy during delivery. The daily special is a great deal: appetizer, nann, entree, rice and condiments
I always forget why I don't order from here more often. I love the food, the tikka masala and the makhani are amazing. But the delivery guy is the absolute worst. He is so rude. He refuses to come up the stairs or even meet me half way with such a bitchy attitude. I'd order from here more often if it were an all around more pleasant experience
I love this place. Sure, it's not quite as good as my favorite Curry Row restaurant (Panna II on 1st) but it's in Bushwick and they will (and frequently do) bring delicious naan to my apartment.  Although I usually get delivery, I did eat at the restaurant once, and the service was great.  The waitress was friendly and polite and the food came quickly.  Plus there was a lunch special so it ended up being cheap cheap cheap.It took me a few tries to find my usual order. The vegetable curry is a little spicy for my taste (and I LOVE spicy food), but once I found the vegetable malai I knew I had my go-to dish.  My girlfriend usually gets the chicken tikka and says it's also very good. Yes, sometimes delivery takes a while on busy nights like Fridays and Saturdays, but I've never had a wait that was excessive and the delivery people are always nice.
This place was highly recommended to me by a friend but I have found both the food and delivery service lacking. I like onions but I don't like them on cooked in a dish! I found this lack of attention to detail in food preparation to be unacceptable on several occasions and also am on happy with their delivery service. Several times, the delivery person after calling me on my phone when he arrived, still felt the need to interrogate me about my identity at the door before handing me my food! I'm not sure of the motive for this, but it made me feel very uncomfortable and I have ordered from this establishment again!
Stopped in here for the first time with the hubz a few weeks ago. He just moved to the neighborhood and we decided on a whim that Indian was the best lunch idea. Pleasantly surprised by the reasonable prices when it came to food, and 40% off the beer selection to boot.In the restaurant, there's a big flatscreen TV that's always tuned in to the Indian MtV channel. We love grabbing a seat where we can watch and listen and laugh at how campy and ridiculous the music videos are. Music be vibin'.The chicken tikka masala is delish and large enough for the two of us to share, and the samosas have yet to disappoint. Naan is decent. Haven't had dessert, perhaps next time?We've had the same waiter every time - a younger fellow who's always gracious and attentive, but not too attentive, which I appreciate.One star deduction comes from the fact that water glasses are often spotty, and that makes me question the integrity of their cleaning methods. Either way, I highly recommend the food and will certainly be back the next time I'm in Bushwick.
I had the $11.95 combination with mushroom mattar and the chicken tikka appetizer. The chicken tikka was very good, though even for an appetizer it was a little small: just 4 chunks of chicken on a bed of onions, cucumber, and tomatoes. The mushroom mattar (peas and mushrooms in a curry-type sauce) was a bit milder and sweeter than what I've had elsewhere, but it tasted all right, and I'm guessing you'd be able to ask for a hotter version if you wanted. There was also a good amount of it, enough that with the rice and naan I was easily able to save half for tomorrow.I just missed the cutoff for this, but another nice aspect is that they give a 25 percent discount on almost everything on the menu between about 11 am and 4 pm. Not bad overall, especially since there's basically no other option for Indian food in Bushwick.
More like 3.5 but I don't know that I can forgive two flaws in my delivery service experience.I'm wary of Indian joints in Brooklyn. They always throw a wrench in my master plan to obtain and inhale delicious aromatic meals. The naan will be burnt or the rogan josh will have a mildly disconcerting hue. The naan at BK is delicious. Fluffy and sweet, it is disarming. The samosa is a samosa is a samosa. Mango lassi could be a little thicker but for the price it works.I should note that I have a cold which is relevant for three reasons:1) The saag panir while good was super spicy. I love spicy food and consume it routinely; in fact, I usually prefer that it be spicier than not. However I have this thing with saag. I like milder. So I chose medium. My taste buds are dulled and my nose is stuffed and I could still feel the burn. It was pretty real.2) I got a little sick but my stomach also hates me for one cocktail too many so that just might be a series of poor choices on my part and so dock them I won't.3) I clicked the "please call this number" box. And then in special instructions I wrote "Please call XXX-XXX-XXXX. The buzzer is not working". I did this because my roommate who works nights was trying to sleep. THE GUY RANG THE DOORBELL NO FEWER THEN SIX TIMES AT AN ANNOYING PACE. When I wrapped myself in my robe and stumbled to the front of the building he's just like this is you? Yes. Hi. So yeah basically you could do worse but they're not perfect. If you realllly don't want them to ring your doorbell you should probably call to be extra careful.
I get takeout from here all the time, and it's always quick and delicious. Can't speak for the service, as I've never actually stepped foot inside. I recommend the Saag Paneer (cheese in spinach sauce).
when i moved to this part of Bushwick in 2005 there was nothing but pizza and plexiglass window bodegas and chinese restaurants. i was overjoyed when Bombay Kitchen opened up and even happier when i ordered the first time. i've tried nearly every dish on the menu and concluded that it's a very solid restaurant for Indian enthusiasts. the service is super personalized and caring and the food is delicious.
I've ordered delivery from here four times since I move to Bushwick in March. They left a menu on my doorstep so I gave them a chance. The first two times the delivery service was quick and friendly and the food was pretty good. The last two times the delivery service has called me instead of ringing my doorbell, and talked really fast with an indian accent that I could not understand. The first time the delivery guy called he complained that he couldn't find parking (I'm sorry, I cannot help this!). I tipped him well for his troubles because he was still nice when he came to the door. Tonight when I ordered delivery the woman on the phone said it would take 20 minutes AT MOST and it arrived in an hour. FAIL!It was raining outside and the delivery guy called me saying something about the rain that I truly couldn't understand. I looked out my window and he was standing at his moped, but not coming to the door. I waited until he walked toward my door and waited for him to ring the bell and he didn't. I then called him back to see if he was having trouble and he started to yell at me about the rain. THEN he went back to his moped for some reason instead of coming upstairs while I buzzed him in. When he finally came upstairs, I was apologetic and said that I couldn't understand him and that I was sorry and he started yelling at me saying "What don't you understand? Why can't you understand? Look at me? I am all wet from the rain!" He continued to yell some more which I couldn't really understand, so I said I was sorry, signed the receipt and when he got the receipt back he says "You still don't understand, nevermind" all annoyed. I still do not understand why he was so upset with me. Yes, I ordered delivery on a rainy night. MANY PEOPLE DO. I was planning on tipping him well because of the rain (I still gave him over 20%). WTF?Also, I had like 4 pieces of chicken in my sauce...and it was an entree.I'll try a different indian restaurant next time. This delivery service ruined it for me.
Super good food!! Wonderful and kind service. We are definitely coming back. One thing though thier heating system is not the best. Not recommended on a cold day.
Well, I was freaked out by the reviews.  But I was watching the "Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" and I had to have Indian food.  Obviously the reviews were inconsistent, (restaurant, I mean, the movie was great)  but I figured I may get lucky.  I guess I did!  Granted I didn't challenge them very much with a simple order of Chicken Tikka Masala, but it was really good!  Very glad to have Indian food in the neighborhood.  I'll let you how how they do next time.   Maybe Slumdog Millionaire.
how do you give no stars?please pass on this restaurant. as stated in more than one review below, they used to be great when they first opened. the first time i ordered it was great. the second time we noticed the portions mysteriously got smaller for the same price. third time my order was inedibly spicy and got thrown out. and today, decided to give it one more shot and it is decidedly the very last. the fish was rotten, the chicken tough. we threw out more than half our meal, wasting $30. i love indian food and this place is, after many chances, the worst.
My first experience with this place was marvelous. Now my second experience, we ordered the same exact order and everything came incorrectly. My shrimp masala wasn't shrimp Masala and the worse was my shrimp wasn't cleaned properly, GROSS. My roommate order Lamb Marsala which also wasn't Marsala and the Lamb was undercooked. This wasn't our first time having Indian cuisine and we we're completely astonished at how our first order was perfect and this one lacked in several ways. We the called to come to a resolution. Spoke to a male and female who continued to mock and laugh at us and refused to refund the money paid for the food (nearly 50.00 for 2 orders and appetizers)In the end I had to leave home go to the location and do everything short of calling the police to have my money refunded. I've live in Bushwick my entire life and was extremely happy to have them in the neighborhood... but I will NEVER order from them again. Taking orders wrong, under cooking food, not cleaning your food and being rude is where I draw the line!!
It all started out on a rainy Friday night... tired of McDonald's, Spanish, and Chinese food, I needed something I've been missing. My friend's and I decided not to trek into the city and instead came here. It was weird being the only ones inside, but that was all forgotten. I was glued to the TV and smiling remembering the "Girly Man" video on YouTube (HA HA!). Within minutes a sizzling plate of chicken tikka made its way to the table and I was in heaven! Naan, beef bhuna, rice, and lemon water... what could be better?! On my second and third visits I tried the chicken kati, roti, poloori, chicken tandoori, and samosas. I've had better samosas, but I've also cut out fried foods from my diet so maybe that's what threw me off. The manager's been there every time I've gone, and although he isn't overly friendly, he's always one of the people serving my food. And again, it's always empty... WHY?! Bushwick folks need to open up their food palette. This soooooooooo beats everything else in the 'hood.
You have to tell them your order 3X, no, 4 to 5X to make sure your order is right. That's depending on who answers the phone. I'm not saying the food is not good, but getting what you order is a priority to you... recheck, recheck, recheck. I'm giving them a low star rating because of the way they don't deliver on the orders that have been made. The food is ok, i've had better, it's just good to have a variety in the neighborhood. I hope they work on that.
Prompt, friendly service.  Humble interior, but kind of fun ambience.  The table had a bit of a bleach rag smell, but at least that means it was clean!  Food was delicious and every thing I'd hope for in a chicken tikka masala, which is what I usually as an indicator dish during my first time at an Indian restaurant.  Staff even went above and beyond to run down the street to return my hat, which I'd forgotten in my masala euphoria.  That's a good sign.
My girlfriend and I have eaten at here twice - once sit down and once delivery - we were excited to find an indian restaurant so close to home. The sit down experience was actually pleasant, the food, while not particularly impressive was adequate and the restaurant and service was endearing. HOWEVER our recent delivery experience was abysmal. The baigan bartha which they call simply "bartha" was fine. Good even.The samosas were also at least as good as you would get from the freezer section at Patel Brothers. The other dish was quite possibly the worst indian food, or for that matter food of any variety, either of us have ever paid for. "Alu mottor gobi" allegedly potato, cauliflower, and peas. We were perplexed by the gray desiccated lumps floating in the unappetizing watery broth. It turns out that they were potatoes, but through some unfortunate series of events had been transformed on an almost molecular level to a new vegetable substance, completely inedible, mealy, horrifying. I can hardly fathom that a restaurant, any restaurant, would have the temerity to serve such  a "potato" much less charge for it.I hope that they change whatever it is that is so obviously wrong with this place.
Chicken Tikka Masala with Plain Na'an Bread and Samosas. Off the hook! Delicious. These guys rock. Fast, delicious and friendly.
So I just ordered chicken korma from this place.  Upon arrival I noticed that the chicken korma was a completely different color than it normally is.  It was a sort of light green and it didn't have anything other than chicken in it which it normally does.  I tried a little bit of it and realized it was chicken curry.  So I called them up and explained the problem and the lady I talked to apologized and said she would take care of it.A couple of minutes later they called me back, and it was a different woman on the phone.  She proceeded to explain to me that the korma was darker today, more so than normal.  I told her that it wasn't darker, it was actually lighter and more yellow/greenish.  Afterwards she said "Yes it's lighter today and more yellow, only today though."  Obviously I was a  little surprised that she decided to tell me at that point that it was lighter and more yellow when she just told me it was darker.  So I asked her why she just told me it was darker and then after I told her it was lighter she said it was lighter.  She then proceeded to deny every saying it was darker and insisting that it was just screwed up for today.  Even if this wasn't her lame attempt at lying (which I'm pretty sure it was) she would then have been implying that someone messed up when they made the korma and they just decided to deliver it anyway.  I think lying to me was pretty bad, but the alternative is certainly not much better.She then ask if I still want them to deliver me the korma, and at this point I'm kind of mad so even though I figured I was going to get the same thing I said yes.  She then told me that I have to give her back the other screwed up batch and take this one.  Anyway, about 20 minutes later the delivery guy came whom I was polite to because obviously he had done nothing wrong.  The 'chicken korma' was even more yellow this time and I didn't even bother eating it.It's unfortunate that instead of fixing a mistake they opted to blatantly lie to me.  I wouldn't recommend ordering from this place.
My husband and I came here to eat and we received top notch service. The waiter was extremely accomadating and kind and the food was absolutely delicious! I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone :)
The food here is delicious, I have ordered take out numerous times and Bombay never disappoints.  i usually get the vindaloo or tandoori chicken and it is consistently good.  They are very good about allowing you to order the lunch special at just about anytime, appetizer and entree with naan/rice for about 13 dollars.  The food here rivals any indian food in Manhattan at a much better price.
I had high hopes for this place. When it opened it was seriously some of the best Indian I have eaten in the US (I'm from the UK so I know my way around curries). The last 3 times I have ordered taken has been effin' horrible. The shrimp korma was chicken soup! I'm afraid to order again.
Came in to try the Indian food experience. Started off with great appetizers and accompanied with excellent service. Not only was I attended with great service but the manager went out of his way to check on the customers. The food was great and ended with a delicious dessert as well. Highly recommend for anyone to come in and experience what I did. A must go to restaurant!
This is pretty much my favorite combination of style, service, and food: no money has been wasted on decor but the food and service are amazing. I shared the Chana sag and the Dahl with my wife along with garlic naan and cheese naan. Bottled beers come from a fridge and you can buy a whole six pack for about $12 (!) depending on your brand. Pompadam was on the house and so was rice pudding for desert! The wait staff do everything they can to give solid recommendations and make sure you have a great meal. Constant smiles from them.Great neighborhood restaurant where options are limited.
Always hits the spot in the best way possible! I love ordering from here. Their tikka is always incredible and their fresh naan is awesome.
I just ordered delivery online from this place and the food is just awful. The delivery person kept calling me to say that he was downstairs, I would go outside and no one would be there. He kept going to the wrong address again and again and kept calling me each time. It took a really long time to get the food and then he had no change when I tried to pay with cash, it was super awkward. But worst of all is the food, I am throwing it away, it is the worst Indian food I have ever had. I do not recommend this place at all.
I'm ashamed to say in my quest of foodery I have never tried Indian. Either I always try to and my plans are foiled or I always end up finding something to eat that is either cheaper or familiar. Well my day with Indian food finally arrived. They left a menu in front of my building and upon seeing it a smile crept on my face. I called my bf uttering one sentence..."We're having Indian tonight."I called and placed the order about half an hour before their closing time, mostly because I was researching the dishes online. I finally gave my order. For 1 main seafood dish and an all day special it came out to 32 bucks. I thought it was bit pricey and once I got the food the portions didn't match the cost. I kept scanning the menu after ordering and wanted their version of garlic bread. I called back and told them to charge it on the card I had ordered with. He said no problem or at least I thought so, since his accent was very hard to understand. The food came quickly and the guy called once he was here. He kept repeating himself over and over on the phone but I could not understand this guy for the life of me. I was so embarrassed because he kept talking and I just kept going "huh" over and over again. To end the confusion I just ran down and got the food. Went to sign and this dude did not have a pen. Now I live on the 3rd floor so now we both have to go back up (no elevator!) so I can get a stupid pen that you should have. The whole time he's asking me if I'm good which I can only understand as "Are you ok with all the mess about the pen" and I answer politely with a yes. Then come to find out the bread was not added. He handed me his manager on the phone and I quickly told her I would add it to the tip. The guy misunderstood and was disappointed once he figured half of his tip was to make up for the bread that wasn't charged to me. But oh well you were confusing me anyway.Now to the food! It was actually pretty good. The shrimp pathia was alot more spicy than I was prepared for but it was delicious nonetheless. The garlic naan was warm and fragrant. My only complaint was they only gave like 4 shrimp in the sauce. I would order again but I would just hope everything is a bit smoother next time I order.
About 90 percent of the time i walk by this place its completely empty, but i guess they make most of their money off deliveries. The appetizers are all very good and fairly priced but the main courses are a bit pricey for what they are. They get confused sometimes with the pickup/delivery orders too. Overall not bad.
Don't get the saag panir. It tastes and looks like cream of mushroom soup mixed with spinach. Not good. The chicken dish we got (butter masala, I think?) was better, but still not great. The samosas were good. In general, it's passable if you are lazy and want Indian food delivered, but it's probably the worst Indian food I've had in New York.
My roommate and I just ordered delivery from them tonight for the first time and we were totally blown away by how quickly the delivery was, how polite the deliverer was and how delicious the food was! I'm a big fan of Indian food and have been searching for really good, affordable Indian food since I moved to NYC this year. I will definitely be back for more!!! Probably tomorrow...
The food was decent, the lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala was quite tasty. The naan was middling as we're the appetizers of chicken kebabs and samosas, but no harm done. Unfortunately it took an hour and 40 minutes to deliver our order when we were quoted 40 minutes. I called twice to check up on the delivery and both times I was told the good had already gone out for delivery. These calls were 20 minutes apart. Our food was still relatively warm when we got it, though, which was a relief. I recommend this place if you want Indian, just don't order it when you're hungry and want to eat soon.
If you want to pay money to walk away feeling weird eat here.  If you want some food and just want it to be a normal experience go a couple blocks away to Jimmys. I was a Tindoori chef in an actual Indian restaurant.  Does this place just pour catsup in with cream and call it a sauce? Calling it Paneer Tikka Masala is insulting.  Why not stale cheese cubes in slopped together katchup and play dumb sauce. The Napalese-Indian place on Seneca is better. Wish I hadn't engaged the B. Kitchen.  Instead of being satiated I just feel agitated now. Same thing as the last few times. The delivery guy is some kind of control freak. He asks all kinds of needless redundant questions then continues to refuse to hand over food which has been paid for, as has been the tip. Uh, yeah man, if I come to the door, state the order is for me, tell you i ordered it from seamless, give you my first name, then my last name, then my phone number, you need further proof its for me?   There were fewer questions and less scrutiny crossing customs.  Next time ill come to the door with my passport and a utility bill.  WTF.  The staff just gives off the vibe that they will find a way to inject a problem into the experience.  Missing items from orders, added items, overcharging, confusion, misuderstanding.  Always something off. Delivery guy is just some weirdo seeing how many hoops he can make you jump through. Probably exactly the thing you moved to New York to avoid. Avoid this place and continue having a nice day.  Or don't. Either way the nearest pretty good Indian is off the Jefferson L stop on Wyckoff.  The place has the added upside of not being weirdness problemville like the BK. Napalese staff is nice/cool but the foods not awesome. Its alright.
Quick delivery and excellent food, everything prepared just as I asked. By far the best food, of any genre, that you can get delivered in my shitty little corner of Bushwick. I'm psyched to find them.
WOW. Stellar Indian food in Bushwick. The lamb vindaloo is really spicy and delicious and the portions are huge. Naan was a little soggy, but pop it in the oven at 450 for a couple minutes and it comes right back to life. The rice pudding is also great.
The reason why this place is only getting two stars is because of the delivery service. The food is actually not bad, though you can get much better in the city. In Bushwick I will take what I can get. The first time we ordered the delivery took about an hour, which was fine. The second time we ordered it took them 2 hours to bring our food. After an hour we called and they gave us some story about one of their drivers not coming in. I get that restaurants have problems like that, but they should let you know when you place your order and at least try and make it right like taking something off the bill, etc. They just apologized and kept assuring us that our food would be there in 5 minutes, which really became another hour. Such a shame because my boyfriend loves Indian food.
The food is great. There's no doubt about that. The Seamless orders are relatively fast. But there seems to be a communication/customer service problem. I was yelled at by the delivery guy for not having my phone number listed, despite calling and sending instructions through Seamless. They have poor customer service and I didn't get an apology. I don't think I'll be ordering from them again.
Pretty good, fresh naan was nice, definitely the best Indian food near ridgewood or bushwick. Food came neatly pack no spilled  sauce all over the bags. I will definitely order again.
Not happy spoiled Rasmali twice, did not want to correct their mistake. Never going back and I would spend money with them every weekend, bad business.
Glad to see an Indian restaurant in the neighborhood.  The food here is excellent, reasonably priced, an the staff are super nice.  I would recommend the lunch specials, the portion is huge, enough to feed you all day!
Best curry joint in the neighborhood (Agra Heights pales in comparison) but, fair warning: when they say spicy, they mean SPICY. I had the "medium" spicy chicken tikka, and my stomach was on fire all night. No regrets, though.
my boyfriend and i had just moved to this neighborhood and thought this place was just a hole in the wall, but didn't want to make dishes so we wandered up for a sit down dinner. we were shocked by some of the best indian food we've had in our lives. (and i've traveled through india!) the samosa pastry was flaky, the lamb tender, the baingan bartha really eggplant-y. we order takeout now from them here and again, and are not disappointed, but we also like walking up to the restaurant for a sit-down meal. we are usually the only ones there, which is funny, but we get treated like royalty - some of the best service, too, they are a sweet, lovely crew. the prices are not exactly dirt-cheap, but they are good prices for the quality of the cooking.
I love indian food, but only the two places within delivery distance to me are Bombay Kitchen and Delhi Heights.... Bombay is kind of eh - their Chicken Tikka Masala's sauce is runny and has literally nothing in it but chicken (no vegetables or anything). I once ordered chicken vindaloo too, which I know is supposed to be spicy but I was literally in pain eating this (and I have a decent tolerance for spicy food.)  Their food is average I guess, and may be good depending on what your preferences are. But from now on I'll order from DH instead.
I think this place is super solid and I'm happy to have it in the neighborhood, so it gets 4 starts. Haven't had an issue with service (always very nice on the phone) or with the delivery, maybe they've improved since seeing some previous reviews. I really enjoy most of the dishes, portions are good, and when you are craving something different having some good indian food delivered is pure delight esp when options are limited.
Worst Indian food I've ever had in my life!!! (and I'm Indian) I ordered (for delivery) the paneer tikka masala and the malai kofta. There were 10 paneer cubes in the paneer tikka masala, it was watered down, and looked an orange radioactive color. The malai kofta balls were inedible, they tasted raw and uncooked. I'm not sure why this place has any stars at all, the food is absolutely awful. I've eaten those 2 dishes hundreds of times and never have they been this unsavory.
