Came in at around 2.50pm to try their lunch special ($10.95 for an appetizer and entree). I ordered the sesame noodles and my friend ordered the duck leg noodles.Wish I could tell you how they tasted but unfortunately after 30 minutes, I flagged down my server and was told my order did not get punched in. Mind you this was Saturday afternoon near 3pm for lunch--there was one dude at the bar, a couple, and one table of 4 finishing up. Nobody else. So at 3.15pm when they said the order didn't get punched in, that was unacceptable. Had to be somewhere at 4pm so we got up and left. Can you imagine how many orders would get lost during peak hours with 20 tables to manage??At least they comped our ice teas. Do not recommend.
Chaan Teng is a solid 4 star pre-theater option for groups.  We had a group of 7, there was no problem getting a reservation, the service is very fast, and the booze is reasonably priced (glasses of wine and sake were $9).  We tried a bunch of stuff food wise:Big Hits:- Fried Cheese Sweet & Sour- Walnut shrimp in lettuce- Crab Rangoon Nacho (deconstructed crab rangoon)- Strange flavor sesame eggplant (seriously the best eggplant I've ever had)- Confit Duck Leg Bao Platter- Crispy Mapo TofuThe Beef Short Rib with Chinese Broccoli really fell short.  Short rib should be tender, fatty, and falling apart but the way they cooked it was chewy.  Really strange.  This was the only big miss.I would definitely come back for pre-theater group dining.
My first impression of this place is positive.  9th Avenue in midtown has about 20 Thai places but a scarcity of good Chinese, so I was excited to try Chaan Teng out.First things first:  Most/many of the dishes here are not the traditional stuff, but twists or remixes of traditional favorites.  For instance, the Mapo Tofu is not the classic soft tofu swimming in szechuan numbing red chili oil.  It's in a less spicy brownish gravy, with crispy tofu, and some vegetables and crunch added in.  While it's not the classic/traditional dish, it is quite tasty in its own way.  The string beans and shumai were also very tasty.  I like the decor on the inside, nice ambiance.  I'll definitely be back.
I'm so glad we now have a decent Chinese fusion restaurant in Hell's Kitchen! Their general Tso's chicken is really good and comes in a huge portion. The chicken and egg lo mein was decent too, although I would have liked the noodles a little firmer. The pork belly is also pretty delicious and the three sauces that were served alongside were delicious and creative. Unfortunately, the service here is sub-par. It was so hard to get the attention of our server, despite that the restaurant wasn't that busy at the time my friend and I were dining. It's not bad to the point that I will not return, but it's definitely something that they could improve on.
One of the worst dining experiences ever. It is extremely obvious that this place is trying to push  really bad food by marketing it as "fusion" with some "edgy" decor. This way, people would be so distracted/confused and won't notice how bad the food is!! What a great strategy....NOT.First, ordered the Taiwanese pork chop. There is nothing Taiwanese about it. When you do fusion you're supposed to retain at least some semblance of the original flavor. Nope, not here. They might as well call it American pork chop or German pork chop or Tanzanian pork chop because any of those would make just as much sense. It is very clear that nobody who works at this restaurant, from the owner to the chef to the servers, has ever tasted a single bite of Taiwanese pork chop. They're literally taking random recipes and ingredients and slapping on random Asian dish names. Next, the duck noodle soup. Ewww. Tasted dried up and weird. How they can make something dipped in soup taste dry, is beyond me. I like authentic Asian food, I like Asian-Fusion food, I even like Asian-American food (once in a long while). This place is none of the above, it is just Crappy Food. That should be the name of the restaurant.
One of my local HK favorites for pre-dinner drinks and for snackin' on their yummy small plate treats. Their fried chicken is A MUST!!! Super crunchy, and super yummy.  The bar is small, but super cute. It's a pretty relaxed atmosphere. The staff is super friendly and accommodating. The bartenders are super helpful (if you sit at the bar). Check it out if you haven't.  :)
A little too pricey for fancy Chinese. We got spicy pork shumai, mango/macadamia shrimp, and half general tso chicken. The staff said they could not do two breasts instead of a half, which was annoying, since they were already de-boned and wasn't actually a half cut.
Dark lighting, friendly ambience, high ceilings, beautiful asian decor. There seems to be a lot of space in the restaurant, decent standing/waiting area, 12 or so seat bar, single person bathrooms. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. After I placed my to go order I sat at the bar where the host poured me a glass of water while I waited. I ordered the pork belly to go, came with jasmine rice on the side along with 3 dippings sauces, a peanut butter sauce, some green sauce with ginger and scallion, and another hoisin sauce. It came out a lot faster than I expected, maybe 10 minutes? The meal itself was delicious. Sauces were great, pork was cooked perfectly, greens under the pork were not overly seasoned or saucy and it complimented the dish very well. The problem came when I found a piece of glass in my food. Out of no where while I was eating, I thought I nearly chipped my tooth as I chewed on it. Luckily no damage to my teeth, but became disappointed in what should have been a great meal.
I had high hopes but they fell incredibly short. I ordered three things: 1000 year egg, chicken skin dumplings and general tso's. The 1000 year egg was good and had nice texture. The chicken skin dumplings (3 for $12) were interesting but I think I prefer more traditional style. It was something good to try though. It was the general tso's that was disgusting. After eating a leg, I turned to the breast. I got a lot of it down before I got to the bloody, bloody center. I lost my appetite. Not pink or semi-cooked- straight up bloody.
Decided to try Chaan Teng and found three positive things about the restaurant: good pre-theater option, good portions, and ambiance. However, I think, based on what I tried, there were some hits and misses. Spicy Pork Shumai (Pork, chili, lemongrass and scallion soy sauce) - This was perhaps my favorite of the dishes from the evening. Good balance of chili and lemongrass -- sweet and spicy. It was also the last item to come out although I wish it was the first since it was the most appetizer-sized of the four dishes. Chicken Skin Dumplings (Chinatown lapchong, sweet rice, dried shrimp, spicy mayo and cabbage slaw.) - I liked the cabbage slaw more than the actual chicken skin dumplings. I would have liked the dumplings to be a little smaller because I thought there was too much sticky rice.Singapore Chili Crab Cakes (Maine lump crab cakes, mild tomato curry and egg.) - spicy and sweet and good but I could only eat one crab cake. Afterwards, I just wished I had the tomato curry and egg sauce on some rice. Crunchy Veggies Mala (Persian cucumber, lotus, daikon, celery, carrot, herbs and mala.) - Completely forgettable dish. I wish that the vegetables were marinated a bit more because it was eating raw vegetables with no flavor. Also, shaved carrot strips may look pretty but was the least favorite part of this dish. So, I think Chaan Teng is worth a try but I would recommend sticking with what is familiar.
This is a unique "Chinese" restaurant--in fact I have not seen anything like this anywhere in New York City. The uniqueness lies in its distinctive decor that mingles traditional Chinese elements with fetish, fiction and fantasy (some probably unsuitable for children). The menu appears to offer an interesting selection of choices,  although I cannot say the food I ordered was better than the similar item elsewhere.  But it definitely tasted differently, and in a positive sense. As someone who has lived in and explored NYC for more than a decade, I think this is a much welcomed addition to the neighborhood.
Overall - pretty good. This place just suffers from "new restaurant syndrome." Symptoms of this includes, slow service and waitresses who give you incorrect information about the meals. This place also doesn't have a liquor license yet, so it's BYOB. Classy first date spot, or a fantastic first date spot if you want to save some money and drink (you know since it's a BYOB). The chicken skin dumplings are fried. That is something our waitress did not tell us. Fried foods are definitely a lot to handle and made me feel odd the next day. The main entree was fried rice and some veggies. We had to do something quick to catch a show. The food was pretty good, but we had to constantly remind the servers to bring water or our checks. Overall, the food here is worth trying, just keep in mind of the "new restaurant syndrome."
We started with the Chaan Teng dumplings. I loved the way they were topped with sauces and crunchy stuff. Such a fun play on dumplings! I ordered the chow fun and stir fried veggies. The chow fun was loaded with vegetables, which I loved, but it definitely was on the dryer side. I would have preferred more sauce to it. The side of stir fried veggies was hefty and so good! It wasnt a weak side that most stir fried veggies are. My boyfriend ordered the general tso's chicken. It took a really painfully long time to get it. It felt like it would never come. But when it arrived, he was really happy and enjoyed the dish! It has a spicy kick but is one of a kind! Overall I enjoyed my experience but service was definitely slow. Don't come if your in a rush!
Loved this place! Came here for dinner two nights ago  and had a great time. The staff was accommodating and attentive, and food was delicious. The staff noticed my friend was having trouble eating the Mongolian Beef dish, as it was just too spicy for her to handle, and immediately offered to redo the dish and make it less spicy. That was super nice of them and we really appreciated it. Interior decor has a  lovely oriental feel to it and seating is spaced sufficiently so you don't feel cramped. Definitely going to try coming back here more often for food and drinks!
Wonderful service with Lert and the food is delish.  Split the pork belly as an appetizer and salmon as my main dish (spicy;). Leche Martinis are great too!
I've now been here 3 times and each time is just great.The ambiance is what I would call Tao on a budget. I love a restaurant with open air doors/windows and when the weather is nice, that's what this place does. Nice bar area, cool dining area.The General Tso's chicken is probably horrible for you, but I don't care. It's great. And it's huge - a whole lot of food to easily split between people. The crab rangoon nacho is also pretty good though the rangoon is not/was not "hot" which is a little odd, but good taste none-the-less. All the dumplings are awesome, and the walnut shrimp in lettuce is great.The mango and macadamia nut shrimp entree is also awesome, as are any of the beef entrees.All in all it's always been a great experience and recently had a Bday here and they were very accommodating with desserts that one friend still won't stop talking about.Haven't yet tried the lunch special but go here and enjoy - it's great for sharing.
What a wonderful time I spent whit my friends with me somewhere, great service offered from bussers to managers. Foods are amazing my great error will be if I forgot to mention the special drinks and cocktail offered by the young bartenders with particular regard. At last what I noticed there a client is a king I feel like never I have been before .thanks for this great service , At Chanteng everything is amazing I mean the decoration inside with special picture , I couldn't describe all I let you do by yourself.
Service was perfect - refills on bread without us having to ask. Saw me sharing with my girlfriend and they brought us share bowls. That stuff stands out. Decor is colorful. Music not too loud, good enough to have a conversation. Dim lighting with real candles.Food is flavorful - it's not overly salty as so many Chinese restaurants fall victim to. Vegetable Noodle soup had a flavorful broth without being too salty, generous on veggies - and the noodle texture was perfect. Mapo tofu had a subtle szechuan peppercorn taste with a slight tangy sauce. Good job with lots of veggie as well. Dessert, chocolate bar and green tea cheesecake, weren't not overly sweet either. The thing about the food is that it has flavor without being overwhelming. I enjoyed that.
My husband and I live a block away from Chaan Teng and were really excited to try the food. It looks like the owners took great care in the decor and it's really very lovely.We ate dinner on a quiet Tuesday night, which sometimes means the main chef isn't around and so the food won't be as good, but this wasn't the case at Chaan Teng. The food was so delicious, the tea was awesome, and the service was excellent. Very happy to have a more unique Asian restaurant in the area, since we have so many basic Thai places. Can't wait to go back and try different dishes. I'd recommend the Shrimp lettuce wraps. So good!
Saturday night i came across chaanteng lastnite and it turned out to be memorable dinner experience. New twist on boring chinese food set this restaurant apart and set this restaurant to a whole new chinese food in hells kitchen. We ordered strange flavor eggplant and beet fries. OMG. Chow fun, hongkong curry tofu and noodle soup for the maincourse, and Fantastic!!! Chaanteng is now on my weekly list of restaurant to dine in.
A new (opened Nov '16), elevated-Chinese restaurant and bar in Hell's Kitchen, serving modern takes on classics such as Ma Po Tofu. I highly recommend the General Tso's chicken, which is half of a chicken fried extra crispy Korean style topped with some very tasty hot pepper and scallion sauce. I usually don't notice, but I found that everything I tried was very salty. Delicious but loaded with sodium.Decor is minimal and hip, with some slightly strange things if you look closely. I'm not sure why the staff dresses like Cowboys, but I like it. The restaurant is currently BYOB until they obtain a liquor license, which  the hostess said will be in the next few weeks.
This place has nice decor, but the food is honestly mediocre at best, even for Chinese fusion. If you're not Chinese and don't eat Chinese food every day, you might actually like their food.Portions are too small for the quality and price. Find better Chinese fusion elsewhere.
Five star decor -- what's inside the glass window by the restrooms?!The food is Asian fusion. It's more like Thai flavors in Chinese dish names. The best we got was the spicy crab cakes - special taste of lightly fried crab meat in a mixture of tomato sauce and chili sauce. The General Taos chicken was a disappointment to me. The portion was huge; the meat was juicy; but it's wrapped by a thick layer of flour, and the meat doesn't share the same flavor the fried outer shell has. We also got the Chaanteng dumplings -- quite good, and the matcha cheesecake -- not like the traditional cheese cake texture, it's softer and creamer. I would come here for the decor and vibe, but not too much for the food, unless just to surprise my guest.
Came here with my boyfriend on Saturday for some Chinese food during lunch time. I really liked the restaurant's nice decor and ambience so we stopped to eat here. Service was great and the wait wasn't long. I asked the waiter for some lunch recommendations since I'm not too familiar with Chinese cuisine. They also have great cocktail choices! I was excited to try their dumplings and the chow fun. Definitely filling and excellent choice if you love veggies. The staff was very attentive and friendly  the whole time. Will definitely come back!
Chaan teng is a new Asian restaurant in Hell's Kitchen. It is nice to be able to try out new places during the summer since most people are outside the city for the weekends. I got there for lunch and ordered the lunch special-it starts at $10.95 and depending upon what you add, it increments from there. The decor is very nice and the space is clean and spacious. It was warm out and the doors were open to let the breeze in. I ordered the tangy sesame noodles with shrimp (3) for $12.95 and this came with an appetizer-I got the spring rolls (2-smallish). The sesame noodles did not look like much when it arrived but I was full when I finished it. It is reasonably priced and the waitstaff friendly. I would recommend and return.
Delicious food: we had the Dry Garlic Shrimp Fry with Hunan spices and the Crisoy Duck with steamed buns! Both entrees were absolutely delicious! The bottle of Chianti was very decent and surprisingly cheap! The Vahlrhona chocolate bar with Black Sesame ice cream was amazing; rich but really good to share between 2. I also loved the eclectic ambiance with little Chinese accents. Very nice take on the modern Chinese restaurant with high quality food!
love this restaurant for recreating chinese food in its own way, good food is a good food , whatever you wanna call it. I enjoyed almost all the dish here except for the pale looking fried rice, everything else is the BOM.. try the chicken skin dumpling, basil noodle, chaan teng dumpling and general tso fried chicken.  most of people who gave bad review here are chinese people who got slap in the face that this place make everything taste better than their boring authentic chinese food. well i guess there is something for everyone and you cant please everyone. away to go chaan teng
This was the worst food I've had in a while my duck soup had fried duck soaked in it so it was just the soggy breadjng  the other reviews must be fake. DONT GO HERE!!!!!
Fabulous food, incredible service and all from just walking by this strikingly beautiful space. Even the bathrooms were lovely. The variations in the food with the fusion of flavours... this will be a place to put on our list to visit again when we return to New York.   Salut!
Came here to celebrate Chinese New Year. The food is fusion American Chinese but of very high quality and taste. The service was attentive and friendly. The "strange flavored eggplant" is a nice cheesy dip. Will be back soon!
Stopped in on the night they got their liquor license! Great wine and cocktail choices and extremely friendly and accommodating staff.Also, the General Tso Fried Chicken was some of the best I've ever had, although unexpected since it's literally a half chicken separated and deep fried.Overall will definitely be back again to visit next time I'm in NYC!
Very nice spot in the heart of Hell's Kitchen, not your "typical" Chinese restaurant. - The atmosphere is casual and the walls are nicely decorated with beautiful Chinese wallpapers.- The food is Asian fusion, which leads to very interesting dishes. I just had the most unique General Tso's chicken, and their dumplings were so flavorful.- The service is quite nice, reasonable waiting time and friendly waiters.Overall a nice quality/price ratio, good value for the price and an interesting lunch/diner spot.For summer meals, the terrace is a delight.
My colleagues and I came here for lunch.  Each of us ordered lunch special( I ordered chow fun w/ pork). To be honest that was the worst chow fun I have had( I am Cantonese so I know what real chow fun is, and the pork was fried and not eve fresh). We waited for at least 10 mins to order food and another 30 mins to get our food. The place was not even full around 12:30 on Friday and it took them ages to serve us. After asking for the check, they automatically added 18% tips on the bill ( are you serious, each of us only ordered lunch special) I talked to the manager and they removed it. So my two star rating is for that.  But I definitely do not recommend this place.
My wife and I went to try the Singapore Chili Crab Cakes and they tasted like home. The Buddha decor made the restaurant feel calm and peace. Highly recommended this restaurant!!
Step on in, you'll find yourself in Hell's Kitchen's most carefully decorated and retro-looking Chinese-American restaurant. Nothing about Chaan Teng is traditional, but that's their identity. Not traditional Chinese food, nor traditional Chinese-American take-out. You get this unmistakable sense that the chef/owner is having some fun with the menu. General Tso Fried Chicken, Confit Duck Leg Bao?... sounds good! I wasn't super hungry, so I opted for a small plate. Honey walnut shrimp. It is just how it should be, plump mayo coated jumbo shrimps bursting in your mouth. Comes with lettuce wrap and pickled carrots. My sister ordered the strange flavor eggplant, which is like a spread that comes with baguette slices. The highlight of the meal, got to be the desserts. There are 2 options. A green tea cheesecake with mango sorbet and a very sweet berry sauce. The cheesecake is almost mousse-like. The sorbet, on point. The 2nd dessert, a chocolate bar with sesame ice cream and caramel. The chocolate bar is kinda like fudge... but not really. It has a silky smooth texture, almost like a thicker version of the inside of a Lindt truffle, but not nearly as sweet (which is a good thing). The sesame ice cream is also good! If they ever put the sorbet or ice cream on the menu as just it's own bowl, I might have to order one of each.This restaurant is a great addition to the Hell's Kitchen scene, even though there are other restaurants (downtown) that execute the concept better.
Can be very loud, if you just wanna have a calm dinner not the place. Otherwise very nice service and simple menu. If you're accustomed Asian food eater you won't get WoWed it's more like modernised Chienese. Generous amount of various spices appreciated though.
I wasn't expecting a ton from what's obviously fake chinese food, but food was really just "meh".  Food was not only unremarkable but way too sweet. Nothing, not even those with 3-4 chillies on menu was actually spicy.  Where's that SE Asian influence I read about?  Only good/ok dish was fried cheese, but maybe because  that's definitely not Asian? They left the doors wide open on a chilly day, which also meant I had to wear a jacket indoors. Go if you think pad thai = Thai food, maybe you'll like this, and really, if that's what you want, go to Room Service next door.It lived up to the disappointment I knew it would be looking at the menu, and then outdid that.
Definitely try the spicy fried chicken  it was amazing!!! The atmosphere was very classic too!
My favorite place to get Chinese food, the flavors of they're dishes stand out so much, not like other local Chinese eateries, I ordered the chicken skin dumplings and the chow fun , the whole staff is really friendly ;you can ask to change certain ingredients on every dish which is really amazing, price is fair and the best time is for lunch and happy hour.
Ambiance is amazing. Unfortunately, that's the only positive to be said. Food is VERY mediocre and staff have not gotten the hang of running a restaurant yet. Had high hopes for this new place is my neighborhood but will not be going back.
Love the ambiance here - take note of the interesting decor! Bronze penises of various sizes all over the restaurant - how authentic. Menu was very limited but food was only okay. I'm pretty upset because I only recently developed gluten intolerancy (don't, just don't) and I asked if a specific noodle dish was gluten free, as in, were the noodles made of rice. The waiter ensured me that it was. I got a huge stomach ache afterwards and I'm convinced they were regular wheat noodles. Not happy about that, or the price and portion size. But it really wasn't the worst and the place was beautiful and clean. Would maybe still choose this place over some others but wouldn't want to be presented with that choice.
I had to write about this place cause it's so refreshing to get a new Chinese restaurant in the neighborhood!  The food was very tasty and fresh with a great combo of flavors. Enjoyed everything from appetizers to dessert. Service was friendly and timely. The food was so reasonable. So many times we've been to hip trendy Chinese that is so overpriced and food was underwhelming. This place exceeded expectations. Fair warning: The atmosphere is modern with Adult decorative motifs so be careful with bringing young kids. Still waiting for liquor license so advise to BYOB. Definitely order the chicken dumplings!
Creative/experimental (read: not traditional) Chinese food with mixed success, in a cool/HK-chic vibe that'll draw goers-out in the neighborhood for sure.  Here's what we had (starred are recommended):***General Tsos Chicken: this is their crown jewel.. ENORMOUS portion (could serve 4 people) but absolutely delicious chicken and succulent fried/breaded skin.**Chicken skin dumpling: excellent - instead of dough it had chicken skin, but not nearly as rich as you might expect.*Crab Rangoon nachos: bizarre presentation, but flavors were good.Eggplant: good, standard.Mapo Tofu: it was fine but not great - unusual for this type of dish.(-) Kung Pao Duck: bland, tasted like Panda Express.NB - I gave it 4 stars, rounding up to encourage this place bc it has good potential.  I'll be back and probably update this at some point.
I've been to Chaan Teng a couple of times for lunch since they opened.  I've always enjoyed the ambiance and food, but today something I ate -- the 'free' lunch special appetizer Duck Bao -- just blew me away.  I'm talking eyes rolling back in my head, how can this taste so good, ah-maz-ing.  The combination of plentiful duck meat, seasoned just right and not too fatty, with herbs (cilantro), plum sauce and cucumber on a steamed bun left me speechless.  My go-to entree -- wok-charred lo mein, never disappoints, and I always have a nice portion to take home for another meal.Service is fine, but sometimes it takes awhile to get the check & get back to work.  That, however, is a minor issue.  Definitely a good value for lunch, and the Chinese food flavors are a nice change from my usual Thai food haunts.
A hip, "Mission Chinese"-style great new addition to the neighborhood. As mentioned before, the restaurant didn't have its liquor license, so it was BYOB when I went in, which was a nice surprise. Not busy at all with good service and friendly waitstaff. Decor was modern and dark, hip except for a weird mirrored chandelier in the middle of the dining room. Oh and some marble penises in the back, so those with children, be forewarned. The food was excellent for the most part: avoid the crab rangoon nachos which were meh, but DO try the (three chili pepper) numbing noodles if you like spice. The crispy mapo tofu was non-traditional but delicious with the addition of cabbage and lots of texture. Don't expect a sad pile of breaded chicken nuggets if you order the general tso's chicken - DO expect an entire half chicken, breaded in a peanut / crispy coating with a savory, spicy coating on top of greens. It is a must order!Overall, I would highly recommend this place and can't wait to go back to try some of their cocktails.
BIG LEAGUE! Food was OUTSTANDING!  Ask for Lurt, he is the head honcho and he delivered BIG TIME! Amazing fried cheese and general tso chicken!  Dumplings DELIVERED!
Nice environment. But this is not a place for real Chinese Food. The Mapo Tofu here has nothing like the real Mapo Tofu. The only thing that's the same is there's tofu in it. Same condition apply to other dishes too.Recommend for people who like American Chinese food. Again, this is not a place for you to go for real Chinese food.
I am so glad we found this place on yelp. The food was so fresh and delicious I actually wanted to lick the plate clean lol. Service was very good and friendly. Place has an awesome decor. We ordered the mango shrimp and fried rice. They gave us spring rolls on the house. The springs rolls seemed tiny but burst with flavor when you bit into them. The quantity of the food was perfect. We finished everything and were very satisfied. For some the portions may seems small but don't be deceived by the portions. The flavors and textures make everything perfect. The o my thing j found a little weird was that they had small plates to eat in...but that doesn't take away from the awesomeness of this place. Definitely coming here again!!
This place is a little gem. My boyfriend and I were walking by while waiting for our reservation at another restaurant and decided to pop in. We were lucky enough to have Lert as our server. He was phenomenal and gave us great recommendations. The fried cheese is amazing and the general tsao's fried chicken was even better. Top notch service. We will definitely be back, and were happy we ditched our res to try this place out!
Great dinner.  Lert was fantastic.  Had the Gen. Tso's chicken, and was outstanding (based on recommendation).  Mongolian beef excellent.  The several appetizers were perfect.  First time here, and will be back.
Literally the best fried chicken I've ever had. Better hurry up while it's still BYOB (a plus in my book). Super attentive management and every dish was a win. Try the pork belly too while you're here.
Amazing! Food is so flavorful, including the salads that came with the entrees and the sauces!Crab Rangoon is the best I've ever had!Cumin lamb ribs were amazing. Pork belly was okay but the sauces were really good. Will definitely be back to try other dishes :D
I don't often go for Chinese restaurants, even in China town, because I find their cuisine rather bland and uninspiring. This is a refreshing exception. Nice ambience, shall we say, "interesting" decor (take a look at the glass case before entering the restroom, as well as my photo of "Homer Buddha), and good food. Try their rice with seafood, for instance, or their large vegetable soup. At the moment of writing they do not have a liquor license, so it's BYOB. Not a big deal, since there is a good wine store just across the street.
My 4 stars are for the crab cakes and the chicken skin rolls. So delicious and surprising. It's so exciting when a chef is brave enough to bring ingredients together in an unusual way.Also had the duck bao which was ok but I wasn't a big fan. The duck was a bit on the dry side for me. Will definitely return to try more. They don't have their liquor license yet so for now it's BYOB.
I have eaten here three times, twice in the restaurant and once delivery. Delicious! I am not a fan of Chinese food because most of the time it is laden with sugar and oil but this felt like more home cooking. I recommend the pork chop and the mapo tofu but I will definitely try out more dishes. If you dine in, you will see how beautiful the decor is. The service was also top notch.
A new contemporary Chinese American restaurant opened in Hell's Kitchen. The inside decoration is a mix of hipster and vintage style, darkly lit by candles on the table. We started our dinner with crunchy veggie with 'Mala' sauce (Mala means numb and spicy in Chinese), had general Tsao duck and cumin lamb ribs as main dishes and finished with coconut sticky rice with mango. Crunchy veggies with mala is salad with spicy sauce. The dish mixed slices carrots, cooked celery, cooked beets and some cucumbers with Sichuan peppercorn chili oil. It has a good balance of sweet and spicy. General tso duck is my favorite dish. Similar to our appetizer, the dish is spicy and numbing, which is similar to traditional Chinese Sichuan cuisine. Duck is juicy and topped with fries peanuts. A must order dish. Cumin lamb ribs is Ok in my mind. The rib is pretty fatty and doesn't have much taste to it. Mango rice pudding is delicious! Will come back to try other dishes.
Wow, just a gloopy mess.  Rice noodles were sooooooo overcooked.  Turned to mush. Everything was covered in a gloppy horrid sauce.  This isn't Chinese food.  Don't let the cute decor fool you, that's the only star they "earned"
Ambience was great, but sadly the food fell short. Ordered the 5-Spice Beet Fries, Everything Wonton Soup, Crispy Mapo Tofu and Taiwanese Style Pork Chop. 5-Spice Beet Fries - They are not actually "fries" instead they are cut chunks of beets lightly covered in a thin layer of their spices. Interesting take on the beets, but not as enticing as the name would suggest. Everything Wonton Soup - Everything in the soup was great (probably the best tasting food we ate at the restaurant) the broth on the other hand was just meh. Crispy Mapo Tofu - Was really looking forward to this dish, but it was such a disappointment. Didn't have a hint of spice to it, in fact it didn't have any taste to it at all. If I didn't read the name of the dish, I would've just thought it was a bland vegetarian dish. Taiwanese Style Pork Chop - Do NOT order this dish. For $20 I can just make a run to the grocery store pick up a pack of pork chops, breading and make it myself for far less than what this dish was going for. It was tasteless, the pork was chewy (not in a good way), they ginergly sprinkle the dried up pickled mustard greens, and worst of all serve it was a dipping sauce that taste like herbal medicine. Overall, the decor out beats the food. Will not be going back there again for their food.
Had a wonderful evening at Chaan Tent last night. They've only been open for a little more than a week but service and food are all on point. Pichet Ong and Erik Bruner Yang from DC's Maketto put their own spin on Chinese food in some out of this world combinations especially the vegetable dishes. The cold tomato with umeboshi plum granita is like nothing else you've ever tasted. I also loved the eggplant with sesame tofu. I usually don't like eggplant but the seasoning in this dish made me wanting more and more. Spicy and sweet also contrast well in the twice cooked Fried beets which come with a spicy mayo dipping sauce. Familiar dishes like Chaan Teng's signature dumplings also have a pleasant kick of flavor. The crab cakes are spicier than the traditional american way but the seasoning is well-balanced and we ordered it with a side of jasmine rice which paired well with the crustaceans. I also recommend the duck confit which is served with bat buns, two sauces. My favorite desserts were the mango rice pudding and the cookie box.  Can't wait to go back and try the cocktails once they get their liquor license soon.  The service was friendly and timing of the dishes was perfect.
My new favorites restaurant in the neighborhood...friendly staff, great prices, and great decor...but none of that would matter if the food wasn't good. It's so yummy! And the lunch special can't be beat.
The food is honestly bland and not even close to being Chinese. I'd expect to find this kind of thing in the Midwest, in a town where this would be considered fancy and exotic. If I could rate only the food, it would be a 2 out of 5, and if I could rate the service and ambiance, it would be 5 out of 5. Unfortunately, leaving a restaurant still feeling hungry and dissatisfied is a major fail, no matter how nice the service is, or how pretty the decor is.
I saw a picture online of the General Tso's chicken that had me *running* in to try it out. An extra crispy fried half-chicken, shellacked with a refined General Tso-type sauce and served over smoky, grilled vegetables. A really nice upgrade of a neighborhood classic. And I'm sure that's what many reviews to come will tell you to get (and you should!) - but don't miss the Walnut Shrimp in Lettuce. Yet another classic made better with pickled vegetables and seriously divine shrimp! Cool space, great food  - Pichet Ong scores again!
Third time here and it doesn't disappoint!!!Authentic, flavorful, friendly, and delicious. Char Lo Mein and fried rice is amazing!! Their customer service is down right intuitive: for example, they changed out our lychee mojito bc they noticed we weren't drinking it at a normal/steady pace (initially had a lot of sugar), so the server took the initiative to ask us if we wanted a new one. That was such a wonderful gesture! It was as if he wanted to ensure we had the best experience possible, and that's really what eating out boils down to: the experience. HIGHLY recommend this place guys!
I am from Chongqing and this place is nothing like a restaurant in Chongqing. Pretty disappointed.
I ordered delivery because it was one of those nights when you don't have anything in the kitchen and you just can't be bothered to go anywhere.  I was really in the mood for some Chinese takeout and so, despite some not-so-great reviews decided to go with  Chaan Teng.  I ordered the pork belly and Kung Pao Duck  with white rice and it was quite good, and it reheats very well!    Pretty standard I'd say.  The sauce had a good flavor.  It wasn't mind blowing or anything, but it's definitely better than a lot of Chinese takeout I had and I'll be ordering again.  Also, the delivery was very prompt.
Very good.  Lavish in fact.Didn't know this was a Chinese reataurant from just walking by. When we wandered in one day we were really surprised by how nice it was. Highly recommend.
Had a great dinner with friends there last night. The ambiance is nice (although it did get cool every time the door opened). The food was excellent. We had the cold eggplant and dumpling starters, long beans, chicken and the spicy pork noodles. All dishes were delicious. Probably better for a group as portions are on the larger size so good for sharing. Overall a good experience!
I was in NYC for 3 days and ate here twice, that's how much I liked it. The first time we dined in and it was their first night with a liquor license. Terrific wine and cocktail list. The service was great and pleasant. Food portions are on the smaller side and more non-traditional and expensive than most Chinese joints, but everything was delicious! It's a very trendy ambiance, but it still felt cozy and comfortable. I would absolutely go back next time I'm in Manhattan.
Good service and drinks! Food is mediocre at best. You will not be able to differentiate a mall square chinese food plate from a plate from this lausy restaurant!
That. Was. Incredible.  It wasn't too crowded. The service was awesome. Not a crazy wait for the food. Most dishes could be made vegetarian by substituting tofu. And oh that tofu. I got the chicken tangy sesame noodle bowl with tofu and the tofu was perfectly cooked. The noodles were chewy and delicious. All the flavors and toppings were perfectly proportioned and absolutely perfection. All this at reasonable pricing! I can't recommend this place enough!!!
Crispy Mapo Tofu is great and I ve been eating it religiously. Great selection of vegetarian dishes. Great spices for cold nights in NYC.
So good we came back two nights in a row. Best tofu I've ever had. They're flexible for vegetarians. Nice atmosphere too.
I got the Half General Tso Fried Chicken and it was very tasty, juicy, spicy and huge!  I would definitely recommend it to lovers of spicy food.  The Chaan Teng original sauce drenching the chicken has the 'mala" spicy tingy taste that is more common in Szechuan food.  The batter is very crispy, almost like a crust made with cornflakes, and went well with the sauce.  The broccoli in the chicken dish is chinese broccoli as opposed to the more common broccoli florets and since I prefer Chinese broccoli, that's a plus for me. It was done "al dente" and not mushy at all.I also got the shrimp and chicken dumplings which were a-ok.  They are like "hong yu chao sou" style dumplings, which translates approximately to wontons in a vinegar and chili oil dressing.  I do think that the kitchen can be a little slow even though it wasn't crowded, but the chicken came out piping hot, so I know it was cooked to order!
Didn't really care for the flavor of the food. Also didn't include soy sauce with order.
What a disappointing "establishment". The bartender attempted to charge my companion and I extra for our drinks by ringing in all drinks we ordered between the two of us on my check as well as all the drinks she ordered PLUS an additional drink on her check. When we asked for clarification we were given an attitude by the bartender. The bartender then came back and wordlessly dropped the proper checks in front of us. Our checks were collected by another waiter. At this point we asked for the manager. The manager was extremely dismissive of our concerns (even though the bartender CLEARLY made a mistake the first time with the check). He then (accusingly) remarked that, "we have cameras and we will see who drank what". He was completely unapologetic. Do NOT visit here unless you want to be wrongfully overcharged and given an attitude when you call them out on it.
Disappointing. The ambience is nice. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. The prices are a bit high. The problem with this restaurant is the food. The General Tsao's chicken I ordered seemed very low-quality. It was several large pieces of chicken but it turns out they were small pieces of chicken covered with apparently many layers of breading. The soups tasted no better or worse than your average corner Chinese restaurant. There are better choices than this.
Great interior and food! Tao chicken is huge! It is for 3-4 girls! I love it!
Really delicious, quality, interesting food! Every time we go back it lives up to the last time.  The fried cheese is amazing. On top of great food, the service is always great. We've been there three times with Lert as our server. He is very helpful and has a great attitude.  Love this new neighborhood gem- hope it is here to stay!
Just went to this restaurant recently with a party of four. There was no wait at 6pm on a Friday night, which is rare (but great) in the city. The food was good but not particularly remarkable. I think this would have been four stars if our waiter didn't hover over us so much. He constantly returned to our table to ask if we wanted anything else, and every time he delivered new food or drinks he came over to ask at least twice whether we liked it. Attentive service is nice but this guy interrupted us in the middle of conversation way too many times when we clearly were enjoying our food and didn't need any help. And if you look in some of the pictures of the decor and are wondering what you're seeing - yes, those ARE statues of penises on the walls, lol.
I started with the pork shumai, it was absolutely delicious, I wish I'd have tried some of the other small plates. I had the General Tao's fried chicken not realizing it was whole pieces of chicken. Flavor profile was wonderful but very difficult to eat and too much on one plate. If it had been done traditionally with cut up pieces of thigh it would have been exceptional. I will absolutely go back next time I'm in town.
This place is special. The dishes are different and wonderful. The marinated tomatoes was just one example of a truly great dish among others. Put it on your list!!!
Finally some good Chinese food in Hells Kitchen!  I had the best General Tso's Chicken ever with big chunks of chicken and not too much breading.  The green tea cheesecake with mango was an excellent dessert.
Most of the dishes we had were good though it is such a small place! Happy hour oysters were also good! Since it's such a tiny place and that night was Friday, the staff there obviously seemed to want us to leave soon after we decided not to order a dessert. But overall, this is really a nice place! Oh, and risotto here was amazing!
This place should be marked as Asian Fusion or something like that. Not authentic Chinese food at all.
Food was good but those Chinese fem waiters were as useful as used toothpicks in a Chinese banquet. They need to go or trained better.
Found the great reviews from,Yelp thought we give it a try. The appertizers are amazing. Their  Dumplings has the most delicious sauce and the walnut shrimp is very good as well. Long beans and chow dim was good. Just give it a try worth the trip. Will be back
Very, very delicious. Every dish we tried was terrific. First off...we didn't try any of the spicy dishes on the menu and according to a friend we missed out. But all that we tried was superb. Everything won ton soup: one of the best won ton broths ever. Loaded with greens and generous with won tons. Long beans--very good. Chicken skin dumplings: very tasty. Like little crispy chicken balls with a crunchy delicious salad under them. Crab rangoon nacho XO - wow. Large crunchy fried won tons and delicious crab & XO sauce...yes, just like nachos. Yum. Confit duck leg Bao platter: served also with cold crispy lettuce to wrap the tender duck in, along with some steamed buns (could serve 4 instead of 3, if you're sharing), hoisin sauce and a peanut sauce. Dessert: mango & rice pudding, and a delicious Chinese dessert with walnuts, cherries and a nut puree that was so tasty. Beverage list is pending approval of liquor license so it's BYOB for now. If our server had been prepared with name & location of a good liquor store nearby it would have been more helpful--I passed on a trip to the street to search for one. And our server could get to know the dishes a little better, which will surely happen over a short period of time as the spot was busy. Decor: beautiful. So many details and fun, quirky little additions to a sexy departure from the usual "Chinese restaurant" design. Wood screens give a feeling of intimacy, and some crazy and fun (and a few NSFW) tchotchkes on shelves around the restaurant will delight you. Recommended.
Food was good. Waiter attentive. Prices reasonable. Decor exceptional, though if you don't care for garish erotica or have children with you, avoid the display outside the bathrooms. But I am only giving two stars because literally less than five minutes after paying our bill, while my friend was finishing her tea, the host told us if we wanted to stay we would have to move to the bar!  Sure, it was crowded, but I have never before encountered such rude behavior from any restaurant staff anywhere else. That guy should be fired.
The fried chicken here was absolutely unbelievable. Also enjoyed the fried cheese and crabcakes. Very fun and upbeat environment. Perfect place to kick off a weekend night. Only takes reservations for parties of 5 and up.
Came in for lunch. Place was empty, which made me a little skeptical. Lunch specials are kinda hidden on the last page of the menu, but they are a great value! Kiddo had chicken fried rice and I had king pao chicken. Veggies were very fresh and both dishes had great flavor. Downside for this Texan - no iced tea or wine.  Will return again!
Amazing atmosphere delicious food. Favorite fissures included cumin lamb, general Tsao's chicken, and the beef chow fun!! We will be back again soon!
The food and service was great! I got the chaanteng dumplings and the fried double rice with seafood, both were yummy! We also ordered two pots of black tea that were good too. Hopefully they'll have their liquor license soon. Would definitely recommend trying this place!
New tastes that are wonderful!  The service was excellent and the decor quite attractive. Try the wanton soup - unlike any soup I have ever eaten and delicious. Fried long beans were also "a must order again".
