Good indian food with good ambience. We had the lunch buffet. It had good cboice for both vegetarians and meat lovers. Loves the lamb kheema
The best Indian food I've had (and I've been to India)! If you're catching a show or you work midtown or for any reason your in New York City.... find your way down to this place! You'll see the stunning Light sculpture on the second floor dinning room from the street, the entrance is in the small atrium on the left... There was an amazing new mural being painted when I was there... I'm definitely coming back for the fantastic food and to see the progression of the amazing interior design!~ PS. The service staff were sweet and attentive... wish I could put more stars y'all
Everything we had was absolutely delicious!  We went with the 3-course Broadway menu since we were headed to a show and were pleased with the exceptional service and, of course, the food.  It's quintessential Indian food and we went with the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chicken in Saffron, which were truly excellent.  The Tikka masala was just a touch more spicy than I'm used to and I loved it. Also, they were very accommodating in confirming that the dishes I ordered were gluten-free (while most of the entrees are, most of the appetizers and some of the sides and desserts are not).  Highly recommend!
Don't even think of eating at this place. They have Bhunna mutton in menu and when i saw it on table it was just like your home mutton gravy  with lots of tomato paste . And your Rummmmmali Roti = regular Roti served cold .My suggestion for this place is just waste of money better eat at home . My past experience was as a chef at a restaurant so I'll suggest to the owner of this place is please serve the real food as said in menu . God knows how the big companies gives you such a rating !???
Such yummy delivery! We ordered a chicken curry and a goat curry with rice and all was delicious, fresh and fragrant. It tastes like authentic Desi party food, which is more sophisticated then home style. Yes, I would definitely order from here again.Happy Yelping.
I received a reply from utsav and they suggested I should've ordered a la carte. It would've been nice if it was suggested when I arrived.  I was asked to choose either buffet or a la carte. With a party of 8, it's selfish to choose a la carte for two little kids. Either way, we came from out of town and had a horrible experience.  I am not sweating over it.  Thanks to that one guy who was nice enough not to charge kids who barely ate anything
Home away home. A must go to for all desis. You feel like eating at mumbai or delhi or bangalore. Authentic food, fantastic service and best stuff is close to time square..
I must update my really low review from a year back. I went to Utsav for dinner in 2015, and had a really bad experience, and left a review in Yelp. The manager reached out personally and promised a better experience next time. I did take up the offer and went exactly a year later in 2016 (July). They indicated that they changed the management and the staff. Which was so evident from the minute we stepped foot in the restaurant. We did have reservation, and we were greeted by the warmest possible way. My parents were with us last time, and parents-in-law this time. They were overwhelmed by the courteous staff and the manager himself. Food quality, cocktails, service were impeccable. Words cannot even do justice to the warmth of the personnel, savory food, and the ambiance. In the heart of midtown, this is finally an amazing Indian upscale restaurant. I urge my friends to check this place out and I personally will make it my to-go place if I am around there.Please keep up the good service and the name.Thanks again, and apologies for a late review.
Loved it !! First time trying Indian food and this place just made me want to eat it everyday!! And great interior decoration!
Nice food .. lovely ambience.. totally worth every penny.. nice quality Indian food . Very peaceful place
My first experience was fantastic, they offer a buffet menu and la carte as well. The food was super tasty, there was a lot of Indian tourists and they seemed happy, which it is a good sign that the food is authentic. Service is great, all the staff was friendly and attentive. This place is situated in midtown Manhattan so is very convenient if you work around or if you are visiting the city. I recommend it!
Very mediocre place. Cannot recommend one thing here. They cannot keep track of the orders. Preparation was mediocre. Table was shaking and they never fixed it. Water kept spilling and glasses kept falling. When we ordered drinks they served two and forgot one. They forgot one of the dishes. The ones we asked to be mild was hot and vice versa. All this after one hour of wait to be served. Btw they don't give any white rice with the main course. Cannot recommend. I personally won't be back there
One of my favorite mid town lunch buffet spots. The Indian food here tastes fresher and less oily or creamy compared to others. The lunch buffet usually has a great selection of 2-3 apps and a variety of curries and dessert. The palak corn is always really good and naan hot and fluffy
They have a grt lunch option, (got the lunch box). 2 people can have that food. I enjoyed the food, quality of the food is grt and looking forward to go there again. never tried the lunch buffet, heard its good with too many options.
Sitting in this beautiful restaurant with my guest who hosted me lunch at this place. Great food and wine  for sure except for the noise level. The open floor design of this restaurant happen to cater a big party in the same area. The guests of the big party are extremely obnoxious with their theme of " house party " in the public restaurant. I am sorry, but management should pay attention and take care of this kind of situation if happen on business days where other guests coming to the restaurant for a quiet lunch and drinks with friends. And for this reason I have to rate this restaurant 2 stars instead of 4.
When reading Yelp reviews, it's important to keep in mind that all eaters have different standards, tastes and experiences.  That said, please note I have been married to an India-born man for 5+ years, been to India twice and have made saag paneer myself (even made paneer from scratch).  So I feel I know Indian food reasonably well for an American.  And remember, Indian food is regional, too.My husband and I ate dinner here for the first time tonight before heading to a Broadway show.  We shared one appetizer (lasuni gobi) and one entree (saag paneer).  Both dishes I have had multiple times at other restaurants.  We both thought our food tasted good.  Service was a little slow, but polite.  We even had a manager stop by our table to inquire if we enjoyed our meal.  Some other reviews complained about pricing.  This is Manhattan's theatre district.  Decent food is scarce in this area of Manhattan - its swarming with tourist trappy crappy restaurants.  Ustav is a reasonable option when in the theatre district when it comes to tastes and pricing.  However, I would not travel out of my way to come here.  For those reviewers who think this is the best Indian food you've ever had, please explore more and save your 5 stars for more worthy restaurants.
I decided to give this a try after spending $10-12 on every lame "lunch special" the Indian restaurants around midtown offered, where 4 tiny pieces of chicken was the norm.Was a bit worried about the mixed reviews but glad I tried it out.This place is on the smaller side and gets PACKED between 12-2pm, i actually had to wait to be seated. The food is very good, even if the selection is on the smaller side.There's 2 types of rice, 4 sides, naan, 3 types of meat (tandoori chicken, tikka masala, and fish curry), 2 deserts(rice pudding and carrot pudding), and some cold american salads (egg salad, mac salad)The flavors were great, and the chicken tikka masala was tender, the tandoori chicken had a nice char on it, and the naan was always fresh.No complaints except maybe the price, which will set you back $23.90 before tip, which is about double the average cost even in Manhattan.Overall, good place for times square.EDIT: Apparently I went during a day they had an event so half the restaurant was blocked off, leading to a tiny dining room and limited food selection that day.
Great Environment for a sit down lunch/dinner. The food was delicious and the staff was great. The deco was modern and cultural , loved it!
Ambience is nice . Food is scrumptious. Drinks are good too ( Monkey Jacket cocktail is amazing ) . Good service.
Funny how I live a block away, and even though I walked by this place pretty much all the time for the past 8 years, I actually never tried it out until recently.Even though their weekend lunch buffet is more expensive than a lot of places I like going to in the city, I decided to see how good the food here was.  Generally I was happy with my dining experience.  It was good to see they had some tasty chicken and fish options here along with the usual vegetarian selections that you often see at Indian buffets.  The place was fairly clean and service for the most part was friendly.Since I had a decent experience at the restaurant, I decided to order from this place for dinner.  My overall experience in that regard was not so positive.  My food took forever to get to my place and I even had to call after an hour passed and I never received my food.  Turned out the food wasn't even made yet, but at least they tried to make it up by giving us a few more free items.While I'm still iffy about ordering from here again, I'd come back for another lunch buffet or two.
I honestly don't understand the enthusiasm that I see for this restaurant on Yelp. I've gone to dozens of Indian restaurants in my day, and been to many lunchtime buffets, and the one at Utsav, which I went to today, was by far the worst.The selection was paltry. Tandoori chicken was offered, but it was dry, scrawny, and very few pieces were left at the buffet by the time I got there. I was really appalled by that, and by the lack of a diverse number of offerings, such as one would find at any first-class (or even second-class) Indian lunch buffet.There was saag paneer, some kind of chicken dish in brown gravy, dry and tasteless naan, some dal, a couple of other things, and that was it -- for twenty bucks! I did not sample the deserts, which probably tasted as awful as they looked.No lamb, no fish. Awful.On the plus side, which is why this isn't one star, the water-pourer was attentive, and the location and furnishings are nice. So this is good for a business lunch if you're not particular about the food.
Food is ok. Service is real bad. The waiters clearly has different standards for each customer. Many tables got hot towels we didn't. Waiter would casually walk by and ask all good vs taking a min to stop and ask politely and making it look like he cares. Even when giving the bill puts on the table while walking by vs taking a min to stop and say how was the experience. Not worth the price.
My seared scallop appetizer was, quite literally, a single seared scallop and some undressed spring lettuce on the side. My friend and I had a good laugh at that, and I was grateful that she ordered the vegetable samosa, because I was starving. And I grew more starving as time went on. From the time we had our appetizers until the time we were served our entrees, almost an hour had passed. We had to ask multiple times where our food was, as other patrons who came in after us had already been served. There were many waiters, and yet each one was entirely ineffectual. The food was okay. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't fantastic. And it was expensive. I get it, it's New York, it's going to be pricey - but this is surprassing "ridiculous" and heading straight into "absurdist comedy." Note to the casual diner: rice has to be ordered separately and costs extra. Rice is a la carte at an Indian restaurant.
I work next door and I have always wanted to try this place.My manager took my coworkers and I out for lunch.Since this was a buffet style, I tried everything (about 12 items displayed on a long table).After going through everything, I only and really liked 3 foods. Cabbage  Onion Pakoras - This was fried and it tasted very good. Methi Chicken (Fenugreek leaves, ginger, mild spices) - Normally even mild spices is too much for me. This was not spicy and the chicken was cooked perfectly.Mango Mousse (Cream, Aphonso Mango Pulp) - This was very good, not overly sweet. I have heard coworkers rave about this. Less than $20 for lunch buffet!
Love this place! The food is great, even for Indian food beginners. The staff is knowledgeable and able to make great recommendations. The Mango Lassi is a must! The prices are a little higher than I am used to, but the location and ambiance made it understandable.
This is an excellent place to have dinner.Lot of tables , great ambience.So good to go with family and group.The food is awesome and very authentic.Its costly compared to others , may be because of ambience and heart of times square.The only concern for me is the bad service.We where with kids so they where eager to have food , and had to wait for long.We even had to air for 15min to get the final billBut strict recommended
Just got this for lunch in my office and across the board - this placve delivered some great food.Our buffet included:Lamb Rogan JoshChicken Tikka MasalaSaag PaneerGarlic NaanI would definitely recommend this for the mid-town East lunch crowd given the lack of great lunch options.will be going back soon.
Excellent indian and presentation. I would give it a 5 stars but the service was a snails pace at dinner. Ordered 5 different dishes between 3 people and none disapointed. Served family style, and some of the best indian food I have had. A bit overpriced for what it is, but I can pass given the location.
I went to Utsav 4-5 times for the lunch buffet.  The food is good but not extraordinary, curries are a bit too mild for my taste.  This place is suitable for business lunch on corporate expense becuase lunch buffet is rather expensive (about $18) compared to other Indian restaurants that serve better curry like Darbar, and it has large tables and booths that are appropriate in corporate setting.In this neighborhood, there are many other food carts that are as good or better for 1/3 the price.
Good lunch buffet. Fewer items but was tasty. The nilgiri chicken was good as well as the kadai paneer was good. Desserts were good as well. Close to Rockefeller and nice interiors.
We went here for dinner one night and the first thing we noticed was the decor. It was really nice - fine white table cloths, warm, wet towels for your hands afterwards. The service was excellent. We are vegan so we harranged the manager about the contents of each dish. He never let on that he was annoyed at all. In fact, he even offered to make sure the cook knew not to cross contaminate.We order the dal trevi and the chana masala along with roti. The food was excellent as well - perfectly spiced and presented in an aesthetically pleasing manner. The cost was in line with normal Indian food and restaurants near the theater district. For the dal, chana, 3 rotis, and an appetizer, the cost came to $45. Not too bad for feeding three people.If you have the time and money, you should definitely dine here.
My parents and I decided to enjoy the lunch buffet ($19). I have never been a fan of this place, but my parents for some reason love it. Mea culpa, I overdid it- as I always do at a buffet. Initially, I was irritated by the host who pointed at the table rather than seating us! Absurd. On their comment card, I made a note of that.App/South Indian breakfast:I started with the pani puri. Loved it. Did not realize that there was bhel puri, as well, as it was not on the buffet table. Strange. Also available was a South Indian favorite breakfast : uthapam, sambar, chutney. The uthapam was not as fully cooked as I would have liked. While I'm not a fan of that particular chutney they had, there was nothing inherently wrong with it. Sambhar was good- flavorful with a hint of spice. Main:The rice was delicious (how could it not be?), and that was about it.  The daal makhni was lackluster and not hearty. The khata meeta bhaigan was very tomato paste-y. No other flavor except tomato paste. The hakka noodles were cold.Dessert: Rice pudding, tasty but did not have any of the cardamom flavor that was boasted.Dear staff: please do not put your fingers in the bowls. That's disgusting. You really need some training.My mother ordered the masala tea ($3). Sigh. Just by the look of it I knew it was all wrong. The milk needs to be heated along with the tea!! How does an Indian restaurant not know this? The tea look horribly weak, and the teaspoon of milk that was added turned it white. When asked, my mother said it did not taste good.All in all, overpriced for the taste. They had a good spread, though. Will I return? Only if my parents insist.
Delish and not expensive!We came for dinner and thought the food and service was great. My boyfriend and I are on a vegan detox and found these guys to be very accommodating.Will definitely be back, perhaps to try some of the meat dishes after detox is up.
I had lamb vindaloo (or ghosh as it's called on the menu) and poori bread because that's my fave Indian dish. I always judge an Indian restaurant by that. Now, it was super expensive at over $30 total, but well worth it. Minus 1 star because before hanging up, I changed my mind about the type of bread I wanted, and the guy said, "I ASKED you what you wanted." I found that rude. People change their minds all the time when ordering. It's not like I called 20 minutes after ordering. I changed it on the spot before hanging up. Anyway, once I kind of voiced that, he worked with me to give me the one I asked for. But I should not have had to argue about it. Next, I'll order chicken tikki masala and naan (sp?) bread. Hopefully it'll be as good.
My comments are only in reference to the weekday take out lunch specials that are available in the downstairs area of the bar.  I've never eaten upstairs in the restaurant so I can't comment on that part of the experience.  Now that I've gotten that out of the way...I LOVE LOVE LOVE the lunch specials.  I'm not a vegetarian but I adore vegetarian dishes at Indian restaurants.  The food they serve for these lunch specials is fantastic.  You get two veggie dishes, rice, a bit of salad, naan, and lentils.  I could eat it every day of the week!  It's a very good deal for the money.
I should not have gone to this place. Period. What are you looking at, get up and leave... No, this is not me telling you. This is them telling me. Well, not in so many words but definitely by demeanor and shoddy service. This restaurant is not even a cursory nod to the grand name it carries - no festive spirit, no nothing. Where do I begin? The bad food or the bad service or the torn saris/drapes that they have on their ceilings?We land at 9.45 PM in this place after ( a rather hurriedly made but in any case, certainly stupid decision to indulge in) toy-shopping in the biggest Toys-r-us in the world and in any case in Manhattan or at least in Times Square - who cares about it anyway?All of us are pretty famished but we had no one to blame for that except ourselves. We were seated and then the man with the tie and jacket shows up (come on, it is 100 degrees outside and 1000 degrees inside the restaurant - you need a tie? OK, I am digressing).And, this list of complaints is long. Just leave if you do not want to read the list. No offense taken. 1. One Tomato soup - and can I have that by two (in India that means please divvy it up and get it in two separate bowls)? Pat comes the reply. I can give you an extra bowl but you have to divide it. O.K,  no problem, I did not think that was difficult but oh so, what?2. One Lemon juice - I do not have Lemon juice. I have only Nimbu pani. That is like saying I do not have hot dogs, I only have sausage in a bun. O.K. No problem, whatever you call it.3. Can I order something not on the menu? Grrrr... (believe me, I heard it). Do you have vegetable Jalfrezi? No I do not. Kadai Vegetable. Nope. O.K. I will have whatever you ask me to, then. Not a pleasant conversation, no. Not this one Sir. Then, the food arrives. The waiter (presumably reporting into the man who took the order) had actually divvied up the soup into two bowls. The man in the suit took the waiter's pants off and was complaining/gesticulating rather loudly with his coterie, about what appeared to be some kind of a transgression of the waiter code. I could only feel sorry for the jolly fella who served the soup. The real ordeal was the food itself. Terrible subzi (a paneer dish) and a particularly singed Vegetable Biryani. Anyone who prepared that would go straight to the back of the class in culinary school. None of the dishes justified the huge bill for a family of light eaters (grazers) who find the first excuse to eat less. Now, I am not complaining this place is expensive. I am just saying if there is value for money in this, I am hard-pressed to justify it to myself.  I understand and agree that it was pretty late in the night but the place was teeming with people, so it looks like things heat up (not the food, mind you) around this time. Not going back again. Never.  Is there a way to give a place "Zero" stars?
This is a very high end Indian buffet; by that I mean that they share no expense to bring you great quantities of extremely fresh, well prepared food. Every day there's something different, and it's always spot on spectacular; always tons of vegetarian but also fresh fish and chicken as well. Naturally, if you're going to spare no expense for your customers, it's going to cost more than a hash house buffet. Great hosts that remember you, plates magically disappear the moment you get up, special requests not a problem; in midtown and under $20, but some of the best home cooking anyplace and at any price.
In Vegas we are truly blessed in the amount of restaurants on offer, but Indian restaurants are probably the shortest in supply.So whenever I travel I seek out Indian cuisine. This is a very good option, a large seating area which was busy even at 6:00 on a Saturday night. Extensive menu including a Prix Fix option, we ordered a non-vegetarian platter to share as an appetizer. Coconut shrimp, chicken samosa, and some other spicy chicken items. Top notch. Main courses , Lamb Kebob plus Chicken Tikka Masala. Rounded out with basmati rice, garlic naan , papodoms plus Taj Mahal Beer. Very attentive staff, water always topped up and drinks replenished when empty. Frequent when I'm out! Heaven.
So... where should I start.   We walked in from the first floor and were told to go upstairs to be seated. We arrived at the restaurant and got seated pretty fast. Once we got to the second floor, someone met us at the door and seated us instantly. Once seated, we were forgotten for a few minute - no big deal.  We were waiting for someone anyways but we weren't even offered drinks or asked if we wanted anything.  After waiting for about 8-10 minutes, we flagged down a waiter who looked kind of hesitant to take our order but he did anyways. I went down to greet my friend and show them to the restaurant (they couldn't find it). It took me about 10 minutes and the drink hadn't arrived on my table.  It got there after I did - again no big deal. I can understand that.  We ordered our appetizers. One of the appetizers ordered was Chicken Kali Mirch, it was super spicy and the black pepper instantly made is uncomfortable and we informed the staff that there was an abundance of black pepper on it.  He instantly asked me if I'd read the description on the menu! How rude! I own a restaurant and would never talk to any of my customers in that tone or manner. In response, I told him that it wasn't the first time I'd eaten this particular dish and have never found it to be as strong on the pepper as it was that night. By then, we'd been at the restaurant for approximately an hour. Every time we wanted a drink or a sauce or salt or pepper or chutney we had to wave someone down and almost felt like we were becoming a nuisance as no one was interested in attending to our table.  Our water glasses empty, drinks over and they were least bothered to be checking. One of the 5 waiters that attended our table said that they were having issues with the gas in the kitchen. If that's the case, please do not seat the tables and inform them beforehand that there might be an issue.  When I was ready to order the main course, the same rude staff member actually asked me if I'd read the description of the dish on the menu and if I was sure that the dish was correct and I would be fine with it as it might be spicy. That particular dish was the most disgusting dish I'd ever had. It was a fish in a bright neon color yellow sauce. It had no flavor. We basically ate the fried fish from the plate and left the sauce on its own - very unflavourful and full of cream! Even while ordering the desert, we had to flag down 2 different staff members and finally ordered it. We should've left the first instance we had an issue.  We spent almost $300 for a party of 4 adults and 1 child. Would I go back again? NO! Would I recommend the place to anyone? NO! Save your money and eat something else in the city. We even told the staff member that happened to have served our table 3-4 times that we were very disappointed with the service but oh well... didn't look like he cared anyways coz it didn't get any better after that. Overall - the food and the service were unsatisfactory for me.
Worst worst worst service I have ever got in a restaurant. We ordered something, he brought something else then billed me for what he brought. I would not recommend this restaurant ever...it way too pricy for its food and service...I would have given 0 stars if possible...Dont go here!
I've taken out for lunch as well as come here for dinner.The lunch special has been good every time, very tasty, and you really get a good amount of food, but you have to go there and pick it up since they do not deliver.  Dinner on the other wasn't as good as lunch.  The waiters and managers were all over the place and we were over served.  My boyfriend and I got there early for a double date and initially wanted to wait until our friends got there until we ordered our drinks.  But since we were asked several times we ordered for ourselves.  Our friends get there and before they can even say hello to us they were bombarded by the staff.  Then one water takes our bottle of wine and tries to start pouring it in our friends' glasses.  They didn't want wine and didn't know what they even wanted yet.  They asked for more time and we were barely given a break before they showed back up.  Once we ordered our meals then the staff disappeared.  They were bringing everyone else food, but us.  Very unorganized.  My food was tasty and I enjoyed it a lot.  I got a vegetarian platter since it was a Friday during Lent.  My boyfriend was unhappy with his meat platter, but it was more the way in which it was cooked than the dish.  Maybe on a better day it would be good.
I have ate a lot of Indian food in my life, mostly from hotels in India.  Also, the Seattle and San Fran scene have quite a few.  This place was horrible.  The tandoori was so dry, the jal jeera drink was the bitterest drink ever (luckily, they offered to swap it out for something better when they saw it sitting there).  Out of the non veg appetizer platter, tandoori platter, and eggplant bharta the eggplant was the only thing worth consuming.On the other hand, the staff were friendly and attentive.  That is why I am giving them the two stars. $100 later, I felt I would have been better off going to a street vendor.
I still think this is the best Indian take-out in midtown.That being said, the dinner experience needed work. If I'm dropping $120 for me and the lady, it better be great. And it wasn't.The servers were disoriented and confused. We had things brought to us and orders taken by at least 6 different people. What they lacked in competence, they made up for in eagerness. Or should I say over-eagerness.The meat platter was disappointing. The shrimp was way overcooked and some of the meat was dry. The flavor was there, but they really cooked the crap out of it. I would stick to a 'wet' dish like curry or masala.
Just moved out of los angeles ... first indian restaurant .In NYC ... Wow horrible host that tard  with a beard n suit... rude to the heart... he advices upfront about food  service what they can do what they can't ... did any one asked him? was on my head till I gave the order....  boasted in a proudy way how busy they are .... poor quality nan ...average food.Not a lounge at all ... Drinks were below par... probably they mixed flavored orange soda in name of passion fruit or the ingredients were of very low quality.finally we spotted mice in the restaurant was like  icing on the cake .... notified the host, he asked us to shift the table but how does that matters? Not Goin again this place is a disease hole
The food is very rich in flavor. A bit salty. Crowded. The desserts are great
Let me start with one thing. Its way expensive. I know its at Time Square, but very expensive for the service we had been offered. The restaurant looks upscale but not the service is down scale.We were four people and a kid, no a baby, baby who is hardly two. when the bill arrived, i saw that the gratuity of 18% was added to the bill automatically because they consider 4 adults and a baby as 5 adults or party of five. i'd be ok with it, if the service is at that par. to begin with they dont have high chairs for babies. none at all. atleast thats what we were told. like someone mentioned, initially we were offered good service but then they just forgot us just after the food was served.no one was checking on us for water or if the food was good or if we needed a dessert menu, none. i think they dont have enough staff for the crowd that arrives at Time Square. That's not my problem 'cos we paid a 150 $ bill for three curries and bowl of naan and a bowl of appetizers and 3 desserts. i'd say, the food is ok but service is poor. i am not new to NY restaurants and the service and the prices.
Service sucks. They dont respond. Takes them hours to even fill our cups. They arent helping and very rude. However, the food was ok. I wouldnt recommend this place for tourists. We asked for a fork but the waiter brought coke (even after explaining to him that we want a fork and not a coke), it took a while and a few stares to get us a fork. My family was totally disappointed.
Great Indian food close to Times Square.  A bit prices but worth it.
delectable food, presentation and the service. Each of the appetizers - bhelpuri, veg seekh kababs, chicken 65, chicken kali mirth were delectable! The garlic naan as well as the lamb curry were to go back for.
Decent little place.  I expect my Indian food to be spicy, this wasn't even slightly spicy....  However, I do have to say that the Tikka Masala was quite good on its own, even without spice.The Desi Salad leaves a lot to be desired...not bad, but very bland and over done with onion.  It had a lot of potential and didn't quite hit the mark.And lastly, my pet peeve... $6 for a side of rice on dinner entre that is already $20?!?  Really?  Listen up ALL  Indian restaurants, rice should be FREE with entrees!  It's a principal thing...Place is over priced, but everything in NY seems to be (and this is coming from a California guy).  It was good, but not without complaints.
The food was average.  The service was indifferent, bordering on hostile, and very disorganized.  Seemed like the place needed some better management.
There are two components to Utsav. I will now attempt to cover both.1. Takeout Lunch Combo - This is the entry level Utsav experience. Its on the ground floor, the options are delicious but rather limited, and the naan comes in a nice foil sleeve to keep it warm all the way to your desk. I think it's around $10, and its a great step up from street meat if you're in the mood for indian.2. Festive-ass Lunch Buffet - The lunch buffet is rather expensive, but I will say that you definitely get high quality food, a lot of options, some of which switch to new dishes by the time you go up for your second helping, and attentive service. The dining room is nice, I like the ceilings, but in some ways it feels a bit too much like a dining hall in florida to me. To much peach, I don't know.TL;DR - Tasty indian food in two convenient price categories!
Came here on a date and I really like the decor. It was a little expensive especially because curry doesn't come with rice, you have to order it separately. But the food was pretty good. I got a drink....a mixed drink.....that tasted like pure alcohol, but I was okay with that! I'm not a big fan of spiciness so the waiter was definitely helpful in helping me choose a curry dish. Ohhhh and who could forgot the naan :)
I've been to this place many times for only dinner. Situated at 46 St between 6th and 7th, it is conveniently located.The place is big enough in terms of space and number of tables although reservations are anytime useful. The ambiance is simply soothing with appropriate lighting.The staff is very courteous and trained and takes proper care. Surprisingly , coat check-in wasn't available in peak winters.I am a vegetarian and hence all my orders were too. Jaljeera drink is good enough to make you more hungry for food.Utsav platter is good but not great as not all items are good. Sometimes the samosa is more oily but rest of the items are good. The chaat items are worth a try.The tomato shorba serving size is very huge and it is very tasty but heavy too. So use caution :P The punjabi curries are all very good. If you need spicy curries, please make sure to mention it. It is not prudent to assume that the curry would be spicy. (The curries are americanized in the sense of only spices but not taste)The daal triveni is simply fantastic.For desserts, Mango mousse and Kulfi are highly recommended. The gulabjamun unfortunately was a disappointment as it was too sweet.Overall: Superb place for a get-together!
Excellent Buffett before matinee performance. The selection of items for vegetarians was impressive even for an Indian restaurant. The black lentil dal was yummy and the Punjabi-style stew thing (can't remember the name) was killer! The spices worked to create the heat that comes with good food. I would absolutely come back again.
My boyfriend, cousin and I went in for a Sunday dinner. We were sat in a booth with a beautiful view. Restaurant is beautifully decorated, yet the bathroom is a mess. The water taps were broken, and it seemed like it hadnt been cleaned since perhaps the night before. It took awhile for someone to come over to the table. Our water glasses were filled, yet at no time throughout the dinner were we asked if we'd like to drink something else. We ordered the palak tikki and crab appetizer. Both were average, wouldn't order them again.For dinner we shared the ckn korma and machi masala, basmati rice and a plain and onion naan.My boyfriend is from India and was very disappointed. He had been there 3 years back and said the food was amazing... perhaps a new chef? The naans were good, (but  I feel like you can get great naan from many places) I felt the food was ok but for the price you can find better Indian food. Seems like we were just paying for the view. Overall the service was slow even though the restaurant wasnt busy. Service badFood averageWould not return.
Ordered takeout dinner and was very pleased by how friendly and efficient the hostess was in handling my order.  Lamb vindaloo was actually quite spicy which was a pleasant surprise because other places tone it down too much.  The lotus root and cheese kofte with cream sauce was fantastic as well.  Garlic Naan was also the right amount of garlicky and had good texture.  Pricing reflects the prime location of this restaurant.
This is one of the most beautiful looking restaurants in NYC. Wonderful decorations and fresh flowers everywhere. We were very disappointed with the quality of the food though. Very tough overcooked chicken tandoori. I ordered Muttaar Paneer( wasn't the actual dish but some frozen peas, paneer and a tomato sauce). The only highlight of the meal was our naan and paratha bread. I've had much better Indian food for 6 bucks at an Indian buffet. If you are Indian or a fan of this type of cuisine I would have to say avoid this place.
Maybe it's because I'm an out of towner, but I always struggle to find good restaurants close to time square that are of the non-tourist variety. I happen to spot this restaurant a few blocks from times square and gave it a shot. In short, great service, excellent food, semi-upscale atmosphere and reasonable prices given the area - except for the drink menu. $8 for a kingfisher is outrageous even for a bar on Antarctica. The murg shahi kurma was delicious, very mild and creamy. I personally thought the basmati rice was the highlight of the meal, the best I've ever had.
This place was terrible and its reviews are very misleading. The food was bland, saltless, and spiceless. If you come from an Indian household, you're better off eating at home as they do not cater to your palate. I would never suggest paying for their overpriced, underspiced food to anyone.
The prices here are ridiculous. I eat Indian all the time, and there is absolutely no difference between Utsav's food and what you could get for half the price at any old place near NYU. I've also never been to an Indian restaurant that charges for RICE, let alone six bucks. The food itself is very heavy but passable, and they actually listen if a white person asks them to make it spicy, which can be rare at Indian restaurants. You pay for location and atmosphere. The ambiance is nice if a little run-down; the upper dining room has obviously seen better days. No problems with service, although the waiters seem not to speak English, which resulted in misunderstandings.
Solid reliable Indian in Times Square. Decent food, good quiet second-floor  ambience, and attentive service. They're open late and they also deliver. The prices are a bit high considering the quality and compared to other Indian places in NY but that's OK because they're so consistent and convenient.
The problem with this place is that they make are a good vegetarian food place. If you like non vegetarian food, this place is a disaster! Between Kerela Jhinga Curry and Chicken Hari Mirchi, the difference of flavor was not discernible and mostly a very standardized tomato gravy. My wife had some of the vegetarian food and it was pretty good. The service was a disappointment with rude porters and very little or no attention. The ambience is pretty noisy and while the decoration around the bar is attractive, the dining area reminds you of a poor rural marriage hall.I'd rate it at a 2 1/2 if available.
Went here for dinner with couple of my former colleagues on a Wednesday night. Tried a lamb dish and the butter chicken. Food was spicy and surprisingly tasty. Very heavy though. For now its a 4 star. Have to try a few more dishes before locking down the rating. Didn't see the bill, so cannot comment on the cost.
The food here is good, altho nothing above and beyond most of the places in Curry Hill or e6th Street.  However, for people who work in midtown this location is quite convenient, but the prices are adjusted for that convenience as well. The ambiance is mediocre and the weight staff not great, but not terrible.  Maybe we just got unlucky with the host and waiter we had because I see in other reviews most people were pleased. Net net, not a bad choice, but if I'm going for a nicer Indian meal, I would choose Tamarind hands down
This restaurant claims to be the best Indian restaurant in New York. It's not. It is however over priced and in my mind about as authentic as an Elvis impersonator working for tips in Vegas.We had tried this place before late last year but we were about 10 minutes early and rather than asking us to have a drink in the bar we were told to come back "later" so we went and ate Mexican instead.So we arrived this time and the bar area seemed to be full, it is apparently a "lounge" but in reality it's just a bar without the peanut shells and sticky floor. We were told to go upstairs to be seated, we were greeting by another person who told us to wait while they prepared a table with a "window view". The window view turned out to the aircon units, scaffolding and the building next door. Great if you have an interest in such things but not so much if you want a view. We started off with a Mango Lasse which should have come with a dentist appointment card as it was so sweet and a non alcoholic lemonade and ginger drink. Both were passable but I'm convinced I now have type 2 diabetes as a result of the Mango Lasse. As an appetiser we ordered the vegetarian platter which was luke warm. We were not that impressed. For a main course we opted for the chicken curry and the korma. The korma was terrible, not very hot and lacking in flavour, it was tasted like chicken chunks in cream of chicken soup. Dire. The chicken curry was better but again not very hot. We also had a naan bread which was a little on the small side but pretty standard.There was nothing remarkable about this meal other than the price. The check came with a cheeky "18% gratuity is recommended" - with prices like that they could surely afford to pay their employees more. Another note, for an expensive restaurant reviewed in the "Michelin Guide", I noted that virtually every dish was chipped in some way. I mean come on, not even Dennys has chipped plates and dishes. I suspect that you'd probably get better quality Indian food at Dennys too.
Utsav! 3/31 SaturdayWell, seeing a plethora of awesome reviews got me excited--yet I felt like I was in a Twilight Zone when I checked out this place with a friend--it was nicely designed--ceiling reminiscent of a canopy, plenty of dining booths. Problem is they were empty! There were only 2 other dining parties when I strolled in at 1pm on a weekend! I came for the buffet, which I heard was good--it was a tiny buffet with placards not describing every single dish-which would be nice so I could know what I was chowing down on. The meals didn't make any impression on me---perhaps because they were too spicy but they didn't have distinct textures/looks. I could say the rice pudding and carrot dessert were tasty--but none of the other dishes were memorable. So....I shall try other Indian spots in the city for sure!
The best Indian I've had in Times Square. I'd give it five stars but it is not the best value. Lunch buffet is pricey, but the food is really good. Tandoori chicken was a bit dry, but all the other dishes were excellent, very light in spiciness. Chicken tikka is nice and moist, and vegetarian dishes were all great. Eggplant was cooked really well, I sat there thinking, "Wow, this is excellent!"
Delicious.  Awesome food. Great people.  13 years strong.  Keep it up.
I work right next door and a colleague of mine goes there literally every day and I can see why. For under $10, you get choice of 2 curries naan, salad, soup, and rice. It's consistently good curry too-- not too spicy, buttery, rich, and filling. You can choose from Paneer, Lentils, Chicken, and Fish. Management is super nice as well and they're so good about being quick with our orders. I haven't done the buffet yet but I love the lunch take-out boxes. So worth your money.
They have a descent atmosphere and nice service. But with what they serve, I think it is a bit too pricey. They don't have the normal or basic stuff like chicken curry and lamb curry. It would be nice to see a little more seafood as well. It would be good to go here when your really hungry and can eat a lot. I personally can't eat much at buffets because I get full after the second dish. Again feel's a little bit pricey for the food service.
I have been to this restaurant many times. I surely like their food + Ambiance. They both are rewarding. Whenever I go their, I feel like I am in India and enjoyed my food :)It might be lil pricey but worth the food. Their customer service is also nice and fast. You don't have to wait for your next order... It will keep coming to you ..lolThey are located 1185 between 46th - 47th behind the Bank of America building... When I went for the first time, cab driver was like... here is your stop.. and I thought... OMG.... this is BOA... where is Utsav... and I was starving ... lol.... So FYI.... Its behind the BOA building.
I like this place a great deal, for several distinct reasons.Let's get the lazy reason out of the way first:1. I live down the block, and even fresh out of the shower I can be seated at my table and still have my hair dripping on the linens. But note that I lived in such proximity for a year and a half before I even ventured in, so please discount any true influence our favorable geographic mutuality has on my true regard for this restaurant.Perhaps as flighty a notion, but nevertheless noteworthy, is: 2. The fact that they offer -- as do many Indian restaurants -- a flat-fee lunch buffet. BUT, as opposed to the myriad offerings by food establishments of their own national culinary lineage and every other country (including America) that has mastered use of a stove and a "Yes, We're Open!" sign, Utsav doesn't advertise it as "All You Can Eat." That retail motivation device has always struck me as a challenge: "Come in, and gorge until you burst or you've failed at the task and we mock you and have every intention of telling your friends who will herein refer to you as a girl with a delicate constitution. And next time, neophyte, wear pants with an elastic waistband." Rather, the management here has chosen a modest window placard that reads, "All You Care to Eat." That makes me feel like I have a choice in what goes into my mouth, and they trust me to exercise good judgment without either pushing or policing me. And that's downright civilized. And I like it. Now on to the more substantial reasons for my four stars:3. Beautiful Ambience. The restaurant itself, though you enter on the first floor right off a plaza next to one of the Roundabout Theater's venues, is situated on the second floor; moreover, that second floor is hung in the air, with nothing but the plaza below and the midtown skyscrapers and the stratosphere above, as it spans two office buildings a width apart. Even with the current construction on one adjoining building, the elegant decor -- never stuffy, in its cleanliness and simplicity and currency -- is warmly lit and walled on the two outer sides with full windows, offering a very open feeling as you dine. Having enjoyed a meal on one occasion while it rained outside, we were safe and warm and dry within, yet still had the feel of eating on a well-appointed open-air patio, closed windows notwithstanding4. The Broadway Prix Fixe Dinner. This is my go-to choice, and the menu is surprisingly rich and varied for price-fixed fare. Choices cover all tastes, from meats to fish to vegetarian, all expertly prepared and served in abundance. I've gone all three routes on various occasions, and my favorite -- worth the $3.00 step-up fee -- is the Tilapia Moilee, featuring big chunks of the fish in a mild curry cream sauce. Dessert is included, as would be expected, and even though there is never room for it because of the volume of food you'll find piling up moment by moment on your table, it's worth feeling a little uncomfortable (OK, even a LOT uncomfortable) for a scoop of the amazing fig and walnut ice cream. You can order your favorite traditional Indian breads off the menu (don't bother; you won't have room for anything more), but Naan is standard issue with your meal, as are several plates of vegetables and such that each and every time just have us crying "what, more?" with feigned dismay. Be sure to remind the waitstaff that you have a curtain to make if that's truly your reason for ordering this menu; they are extremely attentive and run their establish around business and theater trade, but the kitchen it would seem is not the fastest from which you'll dine in the theater district.5. Moderate Pricing. In this neighborhood and at the dinner hour especially, this restaurant could easily cost half again as much in addition and be mediocre at best, and still expect a steady stream of patrons. Even with a drink and an entree upgrade (the shrimp curry is $5.00 more) you will be able to escape under $50 from a meal that would total up more closely to 80 bucks a head elsewhere, without the satisfaction you'll feel after your meal here.They lose a star because, at the dinner rush, I think they must keep their breads -- flat, puffed, stuffed, and otherwise. -- made ahead for expedience but not kept moist. If I'm going Indian, I want it good and greasy when I rip off a piece of poori or kulcha. But as stated before, there's so little room for anything else that bread, as much as I love it, is beside the point.Enjoy, friends.
Please stay away from this restaurant.  Very awkward service.I found myself here at the world's longest engagement dinner this past Friday night in their private room which serves buffet style indian food.  Perhaps it was the fault of the organizers who had pre-picked the menus or the set up of the room, it was just not a very friendly atmosphere.  Not to mention $70 per person for indian buffet which included generic (not top shelf) open bar, tax, tip, whatever.  Yes, I was invited to an engagement dinner and paid for myself (and the bride/groom?).  The food choices were mediocre at best - very dry saag, bland tikka masala, and dry naan bread.The wait staff were very indifferent.  One of them spilled an entire glass of beverage on my friends lap, looked and said "oh you're ok" and walked away!!  And when another waitor set down my dessert plate, then threw my napkin right on top of it.  Seriously.  True story.Perhaps this place is better as a to-go lunch spot and not a romantic celebratory classy engagement dinner.  I might be biased where my review is more towards the actual engagement dinner rather than the restaurant itself.  But come on, they spilled a drink AND threw a napkin on top of my dessert!DO NOT COME HERE.
Absolutely excellent!  Very broad vegetarian and non-veg selection.  We had a great shrimp appetizer, plus one lamb and one chicken dish.  My mouth is watering 24 hours later as I write this. Just a bit spendy, but that's because of the exclusive location.  I certainly recommend it.
Michelin star restaurant- I think not ! The food they serve here is reheated stale food-the chicken they served us must have been days old. For the price- you can have alot better Indian food.
I was there recently for the buffet lunch and I have to say it was an excellent experience, the food was delicious, the staff was friendly. I loved the Shrimp curry. Will defenetly go back!!
So I've heard these horror stories about the service at Utsav. My honey's friend said he once got up and started punching sh*t into the computer in an attempt to generate his check, after 20 minutes of waiting and trying in vain to flag down a server.But last night the service was just lovely. Water glasses were refilled almost maniacally, and "thank you," "please," and smiles were sprinkled everywhere.  Drinks and food arrived promptly and were cleared appropriately. I tried the vegetable seekh kabab (yowsa, spicy goodness), navratan korma (a bit mild for my taste, but still nice, and the homemade cheese is delicious), some pakoras (not bad at all), and roti/naan (yum). Didn't have room for dessert, sadly... if I go back, I will get the mango mousse. Other thoughts:Vegetarian options: Excellent.Location: Kind of pain in the ass, right in the theater district and all, but no big deal.Atmosphere: Eh.Bathrooms: Well, I've certainly seen worse... but...Prices: A little steep for dinner, but portions were generous and food *was* great. Apparently a steal at lunch, though, if you get there before 2pm.
Very expensive, not authentic and shabby in the look.The restaurant looks more like a unused garage.The food is not authrntic indian, although they claim that it is.Prices are sky high.I would never recommend this one.
Yes...5 stars...and I have never big a big Indian restuarant fan.....but the lunch buffet...WELL WORTH THE PRICE!!!!
I adore this place.  The food was just phenemonal, and the pricing was not TOO expensive.  I highly recommend it.  Best Indian food I've ever had.  The interior is also very beautiful and the staff is friendly and efficient.
I don't like Indian food. But this I like. I think I am getting luckier each time in finding high quality versions of the crap I've been eating all of my life. Utsav is a high end joint with a generous buffet. Perfect for a quick or long lunch. The spinach is bonkers.
Delightful, flavorful Indian food with a great ambiance. Some of the best we've had anywhere, other than at the homes of our Indian friends!
When you're on the road, a good meal is a source of comfort -- but what to choose? New York City's limitless options are both a blessing and curse for the business traveler. After all, one has to spend their travel expense account wisely. For me, finding a good Indian restaurant in the midtown area has been a trial and error exercise over the years. More often than not, I'd just hop the subway and head down to the Village for my Indian eats. One day I went in the wrong direction from the Marriott Marquis -- it proved to be the right one when I saw the orange sign for Utsav. After a great meal with impressive service, I made up my mind to return on my next trip. I did just that, but I paid extra close attention knowing I would put it on Yelp. My return to Utsav was marked by a torrential March evening. In everyone's life a little rain must fall, but I was undaunted. I knew what I wanted, and I was willing to get wet to get it. To get to my ultimate destination of a fragrant, blissfully-spiced plate, I had to enter through their downstairs bar which seems to attract a crowd of regulars as deduced by the joviality observed between the barkeep and patrons -- not to mention stares an outsider experiences when he walks in during the punchline. I managed a weak smile and proceeded up the steps on my mission of what I hoped would be a very good dinner. Very good would prove to be an understatement. For it was even better than before. At the top of the stairs a man and a woman greeted me, the man took my umbrella and put it in a bag for me, the woman asked me if I'd like to sit along the windows. Service was prompt, the waiter was there soon after I was seated to give me a menu and take my drink order. When you're on an expense account, you can eat like a pig if you work for a generous company. Since I had nothing to eat all day, that was the plan. Forgetting two pakoras were given to everyone who walks in, I ordered samosas, rice, garlic naan, chicken tikka masala (hot) and a Taj Mahal to wash it all down. After the pakoras (tasty), came the samosas. They were delicious, but cold. I ate one and called the waiter over. I figured he would just give it a zap in the microwave, instead they re-fired the dish and I got a brand new plate. Now I had three more piping hot samosas. They tasted good cold, but they were wonderful hot. Well-spiced, fragrant, crispy on the outside with that great mealiness on the inside -- and cashews, a nice touch! Then came my main dish -- the color on the "CTM" was mesmerizingly beautiful, they could have sold it to Pantone. I asked for hot, I got it hot -- endorphins flooded my body as I sopped up the sauce with my buttery, garlicky, perfectly-tandoored naan. The worst offense restaurants commit with naan is blandness, the next is texture. This naan was on point in both respects with an interesting light saltiness and a soft, spongy consistency.
Ustav is a good place to consider if you are taking in a show. It is close to the theaters and has a great airy feel to the restaurant thanks to the second floor situation and the windows on two sides, a rare find, especially at the moderate pricing. Ustav should satisfy newbies to Indian cuisine and followers alike. There is the buffet lunch and a pix fixe menu. The naan here is very good as are the desserts like the mango mousse and Rashmali, cheese dumplings in a sweetened milk with cardamon. But don't be fooled by the specials and buffets, this is an Indian restaurant that aims high to deliver sophisticated dining to its guests, with dishes plated elegantly and expert service.
Very spicy Indian food. Quality and tastiness is very high. Unfortunately, the heat level was too high even for my Indian companion and we left half our food unfinished. Needless to say, the next day was quite uncomfortable.
I see that some people are giving Utsav mediocre ratings because they thought the food at the lunch buffet was dry/cold/just not good. But, that wasn't my experience at all! I stopped in with my mom and sister at ~2pm and we all ate at the buffet. The food was warm and delicious. I had the dal makhani over rice, some palak paneer, and hakka noodles, all of which were wonderful. The naan was warm and fresher than I'd have expected for an open buffet, though it also wasn't the best I've ever had. For dessert, I had the kheer which was very sweet (as I like it)!There were so many other things that I wanted to eat but couldn't because I'd stuffed myself with my first plate. I don't go to this part of Manhattan often, but I'll probably hit up Utsav the next time I'm there. If you're hesitant because other people have told you that the buffet is lacking, I'd say go try it for yourself. I thought it was wonderful, and the selection was large enough to please carnivores and vegetarians alike.Also, our service was great. We got a table quickly and the water pourer was very attentive.
I will add a star for the upgrade in service I experienced when I went here earlier this week.The waiters (not just mine) were constantly asking if I needed anything without being obnoxious. It was a dramatic turnaround from what I have been used to at Utsav, so I felt it was only fair to give the restaurant credit where it was due.I was also surprised to see Peshawari naan on the menu. I asked one of the waiters when it had been added, and he said he had worked there for eight years and that it had always been on the menu. I didn't feel like arguing with him, so I just shrugged and said, OK. But trust me when I tell you that it was not available on my previous visits. It was not on the menu, and it was not available for off-menu ordering. And, unfortunately, the Peshawari naan on this night was subpar. It was flat and dried out (maybe it had been sitting for a while?). And there were cherries apparently baked into the top, but they had mostly flaked off. For great Peshawari naan, go to Dawat--it's hot and creamy and stuffed full of fruity goodness, almost like a healthy Pop-Tart.But the service was markedly improved and merited an update.
Really horrendously bad food for the price.  There is just no other way to explain it.  Avoid at all costs. (Update: I was actually so depressed when I wrote this review, I was speechless....it's just really that bad).
Food is fine, service is fine too but overall experience is not so great. Servers at the restaurant do not seem to be friendly.
Utsav was a mediocre experience. I was very excited that they had pani puri on their menu, which I ordered as my appetizer. My excitement ended there. The rest of the meal was blahh. I could have ordered a better dinner for half the price at the Indian Taj in the village. Service -- this is the one place where they were good: non-intrusive yet attentive. Would I recommend this place? No! Because, I ate here in May and except for the Pani Puri I don't remember anything I ate.
Good buffet although they need more variety but excellent service! Shame they didn't have the most popular Indian on the buffet that's why I will rate it with 4 instead of 5
Good food and adequate service. The setting is a little drab, which takes one star away.
My friends and I used to LOVE coming to Ustav for a celebratory lunch every now and then.  The lunch buffet is really delicious, and the service is friendly and very professional. However.  Ustav- my friends- please PLEASE clean your restaurant!! Top to bottom.  Seriously.  You guys need to do a serious overhaul.  There is dust all over the lamps right above each table, and most of the lamps are ripped.  There are little flies buzzing around... it's very disturbing.  You know that if the front looks like this, the kitchen is probably a serious health hazard.  This place is way too expensive for such dirtiness.  I'll start coming back when they've cleaned.
Utsav, you have betrayed me!  I ordered the Bhuna Murg--"a dry preparation of chicken cooked with onions, tomatoes, and spices", you called it.  "A North Indian specialty", your menu boasted.What I received was a tub of boneless chicken pieces, drenched in inscrutable mush, and a clearish liquid permeating everything.  Was it oil? No, it seemed too clear.  Water? No, it tasted greasy.  Then it hit me--my "dry preparation of chicken" was swimming in GHEE.  Ghee, for you poor innocents, is clarified butter.  That is, butter without the protein.  I won't bore you with the details of how ghee is considered by many to be a healthier alternative to hydrogenated oils.  All you need to know is that it's basically pure saturated fat.Why?  What part of "dry" got lost in translation there?  Sure, it tasted good, but as McDonald's has already proven, people love anything that's 95% fat.  For those $20, I can eat fatty Indian food all week at Minar down the block.  There's no excuse for them not to be serving real food here.
Great food, good ambience and conveniently located near Times Sq. The rates are on the higher side though..
The food is delicious and of high quality.  The service is exceptional.  I often go there for the weekend lunch buffet.  And, best of all, this place never gets too crowded, so you can hear yourself think and talk.  I love this place!
The selection of cocktails and the decor are Well above the norm. Food very good. But bathrooms and menus are not the cleanest. Also strongly discourages you from ordering from menu at lunch which is   buffett only
Lovely service. Great menu and delicious food. The interior could certainly use a little brightening up, however the atmosphere is calm, spacious, and comfortable. The vast majority of the diners were Indian which I took as a good sign as there are so many choices in NY and I rarely see Indian diners down on 6th Street. This is an excellent place to go for a nice meal. We had a great conversation. Many of the restaurants in NY could learn a great deal from a visit here. Will definitely return. The prices are very reasonable. Heard that the lunch buffet is unbeatable. Will give that a try too.
I eat Indian food somewhat regularly. I am spoiled with Mela and Kashmir in Boston.   This was ok and pricey
I went to Utsav with two of my colleagues on a weeknight for appetizers  drinks. Tried their Tandoori non-veg  Utsav special veggie platter. Liked it with a variety of items in it. The jumbo prawn was delicious.Would definitely go back for more...
Bad approach ( through a tiny bar downstairs )Great ambienceok service - had asked for spicy but had turned out bland and later the pissed off chef added so much spice i had tears streaming down my face...So don't piss off the chef ! me likes crazy spicy food anywayz so all's good Great food - very tasty ; a little pricey. Was pleasantly surprised when served with khamman dhokla and pani poori for tasters.Ended up ordering pani poori again.
Lunch buffet offers good variety  value:  Tandoori is flavorful  not dried out as it is in some places; spinach is delicious.  Go early; place fills up $buffet table becomes battleground. In same week, tried a prix fixe dinner.  Service  ambience are delightful.  Spices overpower fried cauliflower appetizer, but chicken tiki masala is a little bland; fig/walnut ice cream is fabulous even after too much dinner. Worth another visit next year.
Will not come back .. Horrible service and believe me the food isn't good either. Very sorry place !
I had not been to this place since the 1990s and was pleasantly surprised to visit again and find the food was as good as I remembered.  I went with a group from the office for lunch and the buffet was excellent.  I had some of just about everything except the shrimp.  Everything was delicious.  I even had the mango mousse for dessert and loved it!  The only negative was when we received the check, an 18% gratuity was "suggested".  It's a buffet and we served ourselves for the most part.  Definitely highly recommend you try this place if you love Indian food.  You will not be disappointed.
This is moderately upscale restaurant in a great location--within walking distance to all the Broadway shows. We enjoyed authentic Indian food, with an ample menu selection and overall good service. There was some confusion about our appetizer--we were being served by multiple waiters and somehow the order was not written down and it took a while to get it to the table. The LASUNI GOBHI was crispy but if I hadn't known it was cauliflower I probably would not have guessed; I would likely select a different appetizer in the future. The MURG MALAI KABAB was quite good - tasty and satisfying - as was the LAMB ROGANJOSH. The NAAN was OK--nothing particularly memorable, as was the saffron rice. However, the dessert was quite interesting; my colleagues and I shared a MALAI KULFI which had some type of noodles to complement the ice cream - very unique. All in all, this is a good choice when looking for authentic Indian food in a comfortable environment before taking in a show.
Terrific restaurant.  The waiter was extremely helpful in guiding us through the menu and recommending dishes for the "newbies" at the table.  Great flavors and the best samosas I have had for a while.  Only issue is price $200 for 5 without drinks
If i want a nice/decent place to dine for indian food when in midtown, this is the place i go. The place is spacious so you can easily snag a table and the food is pretty damn good. 3.5 stars
At 8:30pm, this beautifully decorated, lush place was almost empty.  But despite the fact that there was almost no one else there, it still took our meals about 30-40 minutes to arrive.  This was especially amusing since our whole battery of waitstaff were ridiculously attentive.  We were checked on by about 5 different people while we were waiting for our meals -- ironic, since we really didn't need our water glasses topped up or for someone to ask us how we were doing; we just wanted to eat.Once the food arrived (and we reminded them that we'd also ordered bread, and THAT arrived) the meal was delicious.An extra star for the "Utsavpolitan," a little slice of mango heaven in a martini glass.
The staff is all the same, but they seem to have completely lost their ability to provide decent service (food is still good).  In the past we have enjoyed elegant dining at Utsav, where every need was attended to and where we were seamlessly served our meals as they were placed on the table.  Imagine our surprise when instead we received wholly poor and disinterested service.Per our request, we leisurely enjoyed our drinks and appetizers, but our dinner order was somehow never submitted.  We sat at a table full of dirty, empty appetizer plates for over a half hour until we were able to get someone's attention; surely someone should have noticed the delay before it became our problem to solve.  The order was finally submitted hurriedly when we inquired, and an error was made when entering our bread order.  Upon its arrival, we explained to the waiter that one of the breads was not what we had ordered; it was not a big deal.  But instead of simply fixing the error, he suggested that we were in fact mistaken: an appalling way to treat customers.  Once he determined that the error wasn't on our part, he returned wordlessly and removed the bread (with tongs!) that we had been given erroneously!  The mistake was on the part of the restaurant and the bread should have remained on the table as a courtesy; it was very petty to have removed it while we sat waiting for the correct bread to arrive, dinners getting cold. Additionally, our meal was served without rice.  We had to point this out twice to two separate people, and then waited an inordinate amount of time for rice to be delivered to our table while our entrees further chilled.  Imagine our surprise when the rice later appeared on the bill!  We have never ordered rice in the past; if the process had changed, shouldn't this have been brought to our attention when we placed our order instead of serving dinner without it?  It was sinful to have to wait for rice while our dinner got even colder.  Additionally, if rice had to be ordered it would have been nice if we were given options rather than served plain basmati and charged $6.00.   Along with these two insulting incidents, no one ever asked us if we wanted to order additional drinks or bottled water.  It was as if the servers were actually trying to avoid our table because they didn't know how to handle the fact that errors had been made.  Look, mistakes happen.  I don't judge a restaurant's service on the mistake, but rather how it was handled.  Dealing with mistakes poorly and then leaving your customers without attention for the duration of their meal equates to horrendous service.  Not that it should make a difference, but our party consisted of two people who enjoyed drinks, bottled water, four appetizers, three entrees, and an assortment of breads.  To have been treated so miserly in return was infinitely insulting and did not leave us with a feeling as though we should return soon.
Excellent service, nice atmosphere, good food.  Very good pre-theatre special and close to the Broadway theatres.  This is a great find for fans of Indian food.  Also, not difficult to get in!  We got  reservations easily which is not typical of Broadway-area restaurants.
You get complimentary Khaman Dhoklas here!! this was the first for me...Had a decent dinning experience..Recos:Paneer Chutney Tikka Kofta Aloo BukharaKadai PaneerAll Naans were tenderSubz BiryaniOkish service, nice ambience, a lil upscale/pricy..parking (hahaha)
Food is great but a little spicy even for Indian taste. The service is verrry slow, so if you dont have 3 hours to spare and would rather eat quickly, dont go to this place. The place is definitely overpriced and the servings are very small compared to how much they charge.
What can I say...I went to Utsav tonight and I was not quite impressed. The wait staff is unfriendly, which is a major turn off, the food...good, the decor is beautiful.I had the tandoori shrimp (I highly recommend) for appetizer and for main course - puri, Rack of Lamb (HOT!!), and the Lassi Mango juice. The wait staff is my major issue I have with this place. They don't seem to know what the hell they are doing. They spill a drink on our table, brought us the wrong check, and did not check to make sure everything was okay once our food was there.Overall, the food was great...next time, I will check out Bay Leaf or just go to my good old Tamarind! :)
Was here for dinner Saturday night. Samosas well done; chicken tikka masala big disappointment, had tomato soup taste. Service good.
Is there anything better than a lunch buffet?  I think not, then good Indian on top of that.  I think it even edges out Jewel of India a few blocks away...  The Tandori Chicken was some of the best I have had, the flavors are more complex, and the cooking of it is excellent.  The curries are also great, there is one at the buffet that is generally rather spicy.The service is a bit slow, even for a buffet, but the plates are always gone when you get back, so it could be worse I suppose...They also offer a quick take out 'buffet' down stairs for lunch, less expensive than the full buffet, it offers a smaller selection, but can be taken away for off-site devouring.
This review is for dinner at the restaurant upstairs by an Indian surrounded by Indian food in Silicon Valley, CA.  My wife and I enjoyed the romantic atmosphere the restaurant offered.  After a disastrous lunch at Baluchi's in Brooklyn, we weren't certain why to expect here.  We were relieved to fine a nice and clean restaurant and pleasantly surprised with the service provided, especially from Raymond.  We ordered 2 veg dishes: kadhai paneer and pindi.  The paneer was among the best we have ever had. This dish had wonderful flavor and fresh crisp bell peppers. The pindi was not prepared the traditional way. The pindi was cut vertically into small pieces and stir fried to a crisp. I never ate pindi this was and was delightfully surprised. We ordered naan and poori. Both were tasty. I ordered the tandoori mixed grill.  The salmon, jumbo shrimp, and lamb seekh kabob were delicious. The other meats were just average and didn't have any notable favors. The tandoori chicken was dry and bland. I recommend not ordering the sampler and just getting items individually.  We then shared the dessert sampler. The gulab juman was the best I ever had and the mango mousse was so tasty. We ended our meal with masala tea. The tea was too light and floral (perhaps Ceylon tea?) and better served for breakfast.  After a heavy meal, I prefer a stronger blend tea.  If you like spicy food, make sure to tell the waiters what level spice you would like. Our food came rather spicy.
One of my favorite Indian restaurants in the city. Great food, friendly service, and actually quite spacious. It's the perfect place to go if you want more traditional style Indian food, not some fancy twists on things - however, I do believe they have some of those options on their menu if you like. Also, their drink selection is pretty fantastic. Get the Tamarind Margarita - you won't regret it!
We loved it!  My wife and I aren't typically real adventurous when it comes to trying new things, but we decided to try some Indian food...  What a nice surprise. My wife had the chicken curry and I had the chicken madras. Both were great!  The chicken madras had some nice heat to it, but not over the top. The curry was creamy and delicious....  The staff was excellent, helping us make our choices for dinner.... After a  lot of time spent looking for a place in time square that didn't require a reservation (we were initially looking for Italian), we were really glad we decided to try something new. Highly recommended!!,
If you're looking for a place to dine before theater, here  is a rare midtown spot that's quiet, with a table always available.  The food may not be exciting but it's acceptable, and seeing several tables of South Asian diners is always reassuring.  It is located in an office building between 46 and 47 Street and can be hard to find, but keep looking.  You walk into a ground-floor small bar that looks like the kind of low-key place where they'd get to know your name after a few drinks.  Walk upstairs and there is a large dining room with good views of the street life below.  I used to come here for the unusual vegetable tandoori but I regret they took it off the menu.  If you like okra, their version is more al dente and less tomato-gooey than most, so give that a try.  Polite, efficient service.
Get the khatha meetha eggplant, naan, and a kingfisher, and you will not be disappointed.  Will return to try the non-veg dishes..stay tuned..
The place is very very expensive and more over the customer service is horrible not worth it..I have tried various restaurants all over NY and US....Its really really expensive so my kind suggestion is not to try this hotel.....
Had food delivered and it was not only yummy and flavorful, but fresh and not oily!! I will definitely order from here again and eat there when in the neighborhood!  I lived for 5yrs around the corner from the best Indian restaurants in Murray Hill and this place is tops!!  Get the Chicken Tikka Masala, it's soooo good!
3.5 stars for the food. Always dependably good, moderately priced lunch buffet right in the middle of the theater district. Nice decor, but great wait service no matter how you are dressed. The food does not fall into northern or southern, but seems to cater to the American palate. A la carte can be pricey, unless you figure out a pre-fixe menu.
This is a regular dinner stop for me before seeing a show.  I've always been able to get in and out in plenty of time to see the play.  They just increased the price of the 3 course "Broadway Pre-Fix" to (an almost unreasonable) $28 per person.  I enjoy the chicken korma so I usually order al a carte.  With two appetizers, entrees, naan and mango lasses; dinner for two is usually under $75 plus tip.  I've even seen some coupons available in Playbill and other broadway related websites.In general, Utsav has a full menu with all the standard dishes you would expect at an Indian restaurant. while all the food is good, none of the dishes really stand out as spectacular.Don't be turned off by the entrance through the smaller bar downstairs.  In the dinning room upstairs, the decor and atmosphere is quite nice with a splash of romance.  They also have some larger tables available for groups.  They do offer a lunch buffet although I have never had the buffet there.
Why do I do this to myself........attempt to get to a broadway show on the Sunday after Christmas.  I had to push myself through a crowd in line for McDonalds.........Mcdonalds, which is in itself disgusting, but a line?  After turning down numerous "comedy shows", "peep shows" and "haircuts" I arrived at the restaurant.  The lounge looks like a hotel lounge and the three men sitting at the bar creeped me out.  As you head upstairs it began to make more sense why this was called an "upscale" indian restaurant.  I prefer the atmosphere of Tamarind in the 20s, but the food here was better.  Each dish is around $20-$27 dollars and comes with nothing other than the protein.  So of course the rice, the naan etc. adds up, but the service was perfect and they do have a pre-theater menu for $30 dollars if thats how you like to roll.  If you're seeing anything at the Black Box theater on 46th, this is a great option since its right above it.
Very nice Indian in midtown - good food, nice selection of both meat and vegetarian dishes, great space - a bit pricier than I'd like, but a great gem of a restaurant.  I will definitely be back.
One of my (Indian) friends at work decided to do something about the fact that I'm lukewarm towards Indian food (too many spices), so he introduced me to Utsav. Not to say that I'm a convert to the cuisine, but I am a fan of this place. The buffet offerings upstairs were delicious. (Great lamb.) None of the offerings were too flavorful; on the contrary, everything was just the right degree of yummy. On my second trip to the buffet, I even picked up seconds of their vegetable dishes (I hate vegetables). I finished the meal off with their subtly sweet rice pudding dessert. Happy tummy!
Good for lunch.  Very friendly service.  Not really a date or party-hearty place - large echoey corporate-feeling room.
Indian Cuisine also AYCE

I might not be an expert in Indian food, but after hearing my sister and my gf say that this place is good compared to Jackson Diner, I had to try it.  I have to say that the food here is prepared quite well and it tasted pretty good.

I'm not sure if the cuisine at Utsav is different from Jackson Diner, but I could tell that the curry was not as thick as Jackson Diner.  It is not a negative, but I'm just not used to the difference yet.  There is a good variety of food, and to my surprise a bigger selection of salad compared to Jackson Diner.  They had a fish curry there that tasted really good.  The chicken in the chicken masala was a bit dry because they used white meat, compared to the dark meat i'm used to eating.  I know I'm eating Utsav, but I can only compare with the other Indian places I've had.  The curry here is actually spicier than what I'm normally accustomed to which is a plus if you don't mind it being spicy.

One drawback, even though we know that this place is in the middle of midtown, is the fact that it is 15.95 for lunch AYCE.
I've eaten at a wide variety of Indian restaurants (although haven't been to India) and I say that the food at Utsav is virtually top notch.  When I first ate here back in February 2007 for a business dinner, Utsav gave me the best Indian meal I had had in a long time.The service is very good.  All of the wait staff do a good job of  making you feel like you are the center of their collective attention until they forget a tiny part of your order (usually Nan or a side-dish) after a longer-than-average wait.  Nonetheless, they are friendly and quickly remedy the situation.The decor is exquisite.  Everything, from the rugs to the walls, looks luscious and very grand.  I do not recall a part of Utsav that was an eye-soar for me.In short, Utsav is an excellent choice for Midtown Indian, especially before or after a show.  If you have your heart set on eating here, than make sure you get a reservation because it gets crowded.  Overall, Utsav fell just short of 5 stars because of its pricyness and lateness of its food.
If you are looking at going out to eat a full meal, look elseware. I could not believe they advertise a full meal without the rice or bread! Each small cup of rice or small bread (naan) was 5-6 dollars extra and if you are used to eating Indian or middle eastern food, you know you need more than a little rice or bread to feel satisfied. When I ordered 32 dollar barbQ mix and it came without any rice or bread, I was upset. I am of Asian descent and all meals in that region are designed to be eaten with bread or rice. They should just bump the price and include rice and bread in the meal.The food was very good, service was so so, price was expensive and I considered it cheating to sell an incomplete meal as a meal.
3/5 for food, 3.5/5 for atmosphere, 4/5 for serviceI enjoy the drinks here more than their food. Having said that, their food or drinks are not cheap, and I'm sure there are better options nearby for both indian cuisine and drinks.
They offer very tasty Indian lunch buffet.  It used to be about $25 but now it's lowered to $17.95 which is awesome.  I see many reviews writing about bad service, but myself never experienced anything like that in my 3-4 times of visit.  The decor is upscale and good for business lunch (unless you get a bad waiter?).
Good food, polite service and convenient location but I subtract a star for less than pristine bathroom. It's a glamorous space and fun to go to after theater.
I have been here for lunch a couple of times and I think they have the towns best Indian buffet. I have been to a few buffets around Manhattan and the dishes are either poor in meat, dried chicken and only a few selections. Utsav is great as there is a lot of variaty, its flavorful, two different desserts  and quick drink service. The nan bread is not the best but I am not one to eat too much bread.
I LOVE Indian food, but I always end up getting the same dish.  With Utsav's buffet, I do not have that problem.  I am always *stuffed* when I leave this place, and I have never been disappointed by a single dish.  The mango mousse is to die for.
I ate at this place a few years back and it was great.  Unfortunately, they've lost their touch when I visited again.  They had the BEST paani poori (sp ?) and that was on my mind as soon as I stepped into the restaurant.  Alas, when I tasted it again it was no longer the same.  On the other hand, the chicken vindaloo and the nan bread with potato was awesome.  But that paani poori just ruined my overall experience.  They were great but now they're just okay.
Pretty good upscale Indian in midtown- look for their distinctive orange awning.  Most all all the dishes I've tried are good, if somehwat indistinctive- except for one dish.  If you go here, you absolutely have to the Tandoor Murgh Roll-  a Breast of chicken stuffed with spinach and spicy ground chicken rolled up and topped  with a spicy tomato curry sauce.  Unique and delicious.
Food was good.. Quantity wasn't that great... Very expensive.. No drinks and all veg meals came to 70 bucks for three of us.. Extremely bad service.. Took 30 plus minutes to get our food .. AC wasn't working either.. Giving 3 stars purely based on food.. Else would give 1 star ..
I am one to look at a number of things when I eat out; I look at the property, the facilities, the staff, the clientele and of course the food. A friend had recommended Utsav as serving authentic India cuisine. Since I am not an expert on this subject, I would not be so presumptuous to review the food on this merit. But, I do dine and so I form my review.The restaurant is clean and the staff is very nice. The lunch buffet has at least a dozen or more selections including some very traditional foods. Of course, basmati rice is first and then the selection of vegetable entrees and meat, fish and chicken entrees follow with, on my visit, rice pudding for dessert. The staff recommends the buffet for lunch only as a matter of time. Dinner is a different experience and the mood of the restaurant changes with the after work and theater crowd. The menu is extensive. The selections are very familiar and of course range from vegan to meat and fish. I found the quality to be very good. The flavors intense with spice, typical of this cuisine. The ingredients tasting fresh. The portions good for a healthy appetite. Try the Lassi drink, refreshing and different.I would say a good value for your dollar. Utsav is a great spot, midtown for lunch or dinner. They do have a small bar ground level for a drink and a mini buffet at lunch.
I was really looking forward to find a decent place for Indian food in Midtown west and a friend suggested Utsav. I went there with a group of friends for dinner and we all really liked it! Service was prompt, waiters are very knowledgeable, if you want something that's not on the menu, they'll check if it can be done, or suggest something close to what you are looking for. Ambiance is warm, nice background music, not too loud so you can actually have a conversation and listen to everyone at the table. We had the lamb Roganjosh, which was beyond tender and quite spicy, Bangan ka Burtha which is mashed eggplant with spices (yummy), Kurkuri bhindia (very nice okra dish, okra tends to be slimey and I don't like that, but I actually enjoyed this dish) and Kadai Paneer, which was also. Overall, the lamb, the eggplant and the paneer were a little on the hot side, which me and my friends like, but might be too much if you're not used to it. Now, moving on to the most of important part of my review... the BAR: They have a lovely bar downstairs, which is a hidden gem. We went there for cocktails on Saturday night. They actually have happy our prices on Saturday night till 10:15 PM, and cocktails are delicious! We tried the Utsavpolitan, which is a mango martini, quite fruity and refreshing for just $7! On a Saturday night!. Being that it is an Indian restaurant, you'll find ingredients such as mango, tamarind and spices in their drinks, the bartender is also very friendly. Do not expect to find a crowd there, I think it is rather a great option if you want to chat with your friends over drinks.
After a long morning we decided to stop in to Utsav for a good lunch buffet.  And as far as the food was concerned we were not disappointed.  They have a good variety on the menu, and when I went it was too busy, so I didn't have any wait.  the only thing bad I can say about it is that it is pretty darn pricey for a lunch buffet.  But that won't stop me from coming back!
Okay I tried this place out for the first time last night, I always walk down this place going home from work, and it always catches my eye. The ambiance isn't as good as I thought, (not for the food prices that reflected it at least). I had the Chicken Tikka and the Palak Paneer, the food was great, but I didn't like the fact that they didn't provide a rice, naan or roti with the meal. Every Indian Restaurant I've been too at least offers one. That kind of set me off, and when it was time for dessert, they were charging $8.00 for one gulab jamu, which is pretty insane. All in all I think this place is avg. and they should really consider lowering the prices, there are way too many Indian restaurants in NYC to have to pay these high prices with a sub par ambiance.
I eat here for the lunch buffet and only once for dinner.  It's an excellent option in midtown for lunch, we have a weekly Friday lunch here.  The buffet doesn't change too much, but everything is always dependably good and satisfying.  My only criticisms are that I wish they used dark meat in the tikka and the fish in the curry is sometimes not as fresh as it could be.  The ambiance is nice and relaxing and the staff is great.
This was a recommendation from one of the staff at the Marriott Marquis, and boy were they right about it.  Delicious dishes with quality ingredients.  The restaurant looked nice but we did a togo order, and only had minimal wait.  I try to stop here every time I'm in the area.  Very good Indian cuisine.
Nestled between two office buildings between 6th and 7th Avenues, this restaurant is easily missed unless you look for it.  The restaurant is on the second floor suspended over a plaza that passes through from 46th to 47th streets.  They have a lunch buffet for around $20 that had enough options to keep everyone happy.  Some of the dishes were colder than I would have preferred and not exactly the best Indian I have had in NYC.  The wait staff is relatively attentive, keeping the glasses filled with water.  I wouldn't mind going back to try ordering from the menu.  For me, the location is convenient since I work next door.  It was mostly full at 1:00 the day after July 4th, so they do a decent lunch business.  3 stars because I kind of expected more spicy options on the buffet, but I think it's worth going back to try some more.
FOUND BUGS IN THE RICE.  NEVER IN THE U.S.  My colleague and I went for lunch buffet.  Food otherwise was okay but in my second helping, I found bugs in the rice - crawling.  That's it.  I called the Manager who said he will discount and blah blah.  I did not care. Made sure they took the entire rice back and bring a fresh one.  But, I bet even that would have been with bugs too.  I was a Utsav customer from 2001.  Will never go there again.
Ok, first of all I'm gonna start off by saying that I'm not an expert on Indian Food...I've had it like 3 times in my life, so I'm a newbie. We went for dinner, we got there a bit early it opens at 5:30..and they have a little bar downstairs that I believe is opened earlier to wait and have drinks.   We were seated very promptly after it opened and the waiters were very nice.  There was a group of about 8 of us and the service went very smoothly.  From what I remember, we ordered samosas, this big fried mashed potato on a stick looking thing, a mushroom dish, and fried eggplant. I wasn't too crazy about any of them, but they weren't bad.  I asked the waiter what his favorite dish was and he told me the lamb chops, so that's what I ordered.  The were good, but spicy, and I actually ended up just eating one because I was already full from all the appetizers!  My friend's uncle loved it tho...Everybody enjoyed their food...except for maybe the one girl who ordered like a whole chicken...so I'm guessing that the food is not bad for Indian food.   From all of the entree's that I tasted I liked mine and these huge-normous shrimp that my friend ordered.  Next time I go, I would not order any appetizers, get a side of rice, and order the lamb chops or the jumbo shrimp dish....along with a side of their Indian Rose wine, which was actually really good (and prob the cheapest on their wine list, the guy recommended it...no, we were not being cheap!)  and I believe I would have a much more enjoyable experience:)
Best Indian (non-fusion) in Manhattan. I was brought here by my old roommate Neha, so I know Utsav gets the stamp of approval from discerning Indians here in NYC. Yes, it's pricier than curry row, and a bit hard to find, tucked away upstairs, but the dining room is beyond decadent. The chicken tikka masala is about $18, but it's worth it- so much creaminess and ghee. Vegeterian and vegan options abound, as does the light, fluffy naan. Great cocktails, too.
if i had to order off the menu, this place would probably lose a star. however, my experiences are limited to lunch buffets which have always delivered consistantly up-to-par indian dishes. the highlight would have to be the mango mousse. if you don't try it, you'll never know what you're missing.
Awful customer service. I went there for the first time to try the lunch takeout buffet. The server (or maybe he was the owner not sure) downstairs in the bar area was extremely rude. I asked a few basic questions regarding the lunch option (e.g. what type of vegetables come with the buffet). He acted completely annoyed and impatient. He was sighing constantly and shrugging his shoulders and offering only very short responses like he was bothered by the thought of having a customer. (There was no line of people - just me so not sure why the rudeness.) I walked out without eating there. I sent an email to the company explaining the matter, but did not receive a response.
Utsav is a nice upscale Indian restaurant near Rockefeller center. Its location is great, looks like its on a skywalk between two towers. It has a full bar on lower level and a restaurant on the upper floor. You gotta walk up the stairs. Good dishes to try out are its starter soups or assorted pakoras. Follow it with nicely spiced Veg Biryani (very filling) or some paratha  sabzi (curry) like Veg Kadai or Palak Paneer (Spinach  cheese). It  has good wine selections for accompaniment.  If you're not into alcohol, end it up with some dessert like sweet Gajar ka Halwa (mashed carrot preparation) or Rasmalai or perhaps sweet Mango Lassi. Its a slightly pricey restaurant but a good decent ambience with good lighting. Its has a clean restroom. The staff is extremely co-operative  friendly, right from helping you find a table to serving you food in time. On weekends it gets packed. So plan ahead. Its worth a visit. Give it a shot.
While the food was delicious, I have to give 2 stars because of the poor service.  It took FOREVER for our meal to come and we had to flag someone down whenever we wanted more water or rice. There was no checking in to see how things were going. I'm not a difficult customer but when I'm paying that much for dinner, I expect a certain amount of customer service. Disappointing, especially because it's in a good location for pre-theatre meals.
The food did not live up to the hype. I ordered the Tandori Mixed Grill. Half the things were raw as was the rice in Kheer. The naan was burnt. I am surprised that people rave about this place - they must not have eaten good Indian food.
Utsav is a great upscale Indian lunch buffet in mid-town.  I have been to their buffet a few times and was happy to learn that they now also offer a mini take out buffet option for $10 that is very good as well. The food is very fresh and was much higher quality than the other nearby Indian options.
awesome lunch buffet. if you don't have to go back to work. because you WILL need a nap.
Absolutely the best I have had so far in the Tri-state Area. Both veg and non-veg are really good. For goat (mutton) lovers also they have a good option. Gobi, Saag, Chana and the drinks all are awesome. Will have to try out some more for a better option
Loved it! Festive, good food, attentive service. Had the mixed grill, a variety of vegetarian curries and lamb chops for a large group. Definitiely a treat!
Utsav is a solid 4.5 stars on quality of food. Their servers are also quite good and well mannered. The rating of 3 stars is related to a non-food matter. The issue during our visit pertained to management's philosophy of customer service. We brought 3 guests visiting from London to Utsav to enjoy a fine Indian meal in the heart of NYC. At the start of the meal we were brought one small serving of papadum. There were 7 people in total at the table. The tables which had 2 people or 3 people also received the same amount of papadum. When we asked the server for additional papadum don't here's enough for the table we were warned it will cost extra. Additionally the soft drinks which were served were flat. Though they're a destination for fine Indian dining they served fountain sodas as opposed to from the can. Does management want to compromise quality so feverishly in return for just a few nickles? It is this nickle and dime management style which prevents an establishment from fulfilling their obligations to the customer to provide the best service. We requested a chat with the manager. To his credit he listened to our issue attentively and quickly responded by sending soft drinks from the can. We didn't get the additional papadum though and that's why we rated this experience only 3 stars. Sanju/Sanjay was the manager on duty and be was very receptive to the feedback we provided. The menu for Swaminarayan diets was superb. Let's hope management realizes their proximity to 5 stars and only a tweak to subtle facets of their service will make the biggest difference.
The best parts about this restaurant: great location close to theaters, classy decor, fast service even in busy evenings. Unfortunately, the food was only average at best. The lamb roganjosh had a very old lamb floating in a sauce that could hardly be called roganjosh. The chicken sheesh kababs had no taste. I might come back because it's temptingly nearby to catch dinner before a musical, but I wish the food wasn't as disappointing.
Undoubtedly the best Indian restaurant in NYC. Great ambience and delicious food. The stuffs were very friendly. Prices are reasonable  they have an excellent bar downstairs. Can't wait to visit again.....
Absolutely no class. I ordered two dishes. They missed one and the other one had NO SALT OR SPICE. Will never go back again. NEVER!
Oh mine mighty I'm in Heaven. The food is delicious. You must get The PESHAWAR bread. It's delicious. THE happy hour here is amazing. The bartender made us a special drink Tamarind cooler so delicious. Thumbs up!!!
Utsav is a place I had heard a lot from my friends so decided to give it a try for lunch during one of the week days.There is a lunch buffet takeaway downstairs where you can take two items rice naan salad for some $10, but we decided to go check out the buffet. The ambience of this place is very very nice - sophisticated crisp and clean. The crowd usually comprised of office going folks considering it was lunch time. The buffet was a good spread of vegetarian and non vegetarian food items. The buffet had aloo tikka, kadhi pakora, dal makhini, veg biryani, saffron rice , paneer Saag, veg makhani, chicken tandoori, chicken chilly and fish haryali amongst the other salad and chutneys. Everything tastes really yum and the flavours were very good. Nothing was too spicy or too mild. Personally loved the kadhi pakora and fish! The desert was kheer and gajar halwa and that was good too. The service was ok- nothing spectacular but anyway during buffet they just have to come serve you water. So really can't be a good judge.I was a little shocked when we went to pay our bill- the lunch buffet costed me $24!! That's pretty steep ! Considering most places serve lunch buffets in the $12-$18 range this was definitely way too pricey. Now that I think about it - the food was good but definitely not spectacular to cost me $24.I don't think I am coming back to this place cause it's definitely not value for money.
Bit tricky to find the place, its in the walkway on 45/46th between 6th and Broadway.. with that settled.  It's a nice sized open space, reasonable decor, bit noisy (most of which is the fact that it's just a box with no walls/screens between tables).    Service was slow...almost to the point that once seated it took flagging down a waiter to even get acknowledged.    The food on the other hand was quiet good,  well made, well spiced, well portioned.   Certainly on the very higher end of $$'s ...You need to know your Indian food because the staff won't be much help.      The next closest Indian food experience within 10 blocks was eating off a styrofoam plate, so I chose this place.    For the $$ I came away "full" but wanting more... (better service, more attention to detail, better ambiance).
Food was good, kurkuri bhindi and lachha parantha was good item, however the service needs to be better, some of staff was rude and not helping at all, upon asking if they have any entrée menu for lunch , the server was not able to answer properly,staff did not attend us properly.
Highly recommend this restaurant! I came here for Mother's Day and it was delicious! The lunch buffet was great ! Wide selection of food and the service was great! I will definitely be returning with my friends!
Weekday lunch takeaway downstairs only- best deal for Indian food. Used to think lunch buffets were the way to go, but for $9 you get 2 vegetarian options, rice, salad, dal, and naan. I don't even bother with the meat option here. Flavors are amazing and hits the spot when I'm in the mood for Indian food every time- if you're nice, maybe they'll let you try all 3 vegetarian options! Tried and true. Recommended only if you can still work through the ensuing food coma!
This place has a great Indian food and I love the atmosphere! I will definitely come back here !!
Stopped in for the lunch buffet ($22/person). For that price I though the buffet selection would be great and the service even better but it didn't live up to expectations. There was a large selection of vegetarian options but the only good dish for me was the paneer mutter and the small dosa servings, the dal was ok, everything else was just ok. The service was also very slow for a non-busy day. I repeatedly had to ask for water. I wouldn't come back here.
As an appetizer I had the crispy cauliflower with sriracha garlic sauce. It was exquisite. As the main I had the charcoal grilled baby eggplants. It was very savory and spicy. The menu has quite a large choice of vegetarian options. The service was OK and the room is comfortable and the atmosphere lively but not loud. The house wine was pretty bad though.
Amazing upscale lunch buffet conveniently in the theater district. We ate upstairs, lovely and relaxing. Excellent vegetarian options. So delicious!
This is a very good option when you are around the Times Square area, excellent food, the food ordered for kids came with a perfect spice level. Also very tasty..the fish was amazing as well. The Biryani portion was very generous and very tasty...
Mostly recommended for lunch or pre-theater, given there were all of 5 people for dinner including us and the waiters. Having said that, the food was not bad. Sure, a mildly spicy, watered-down American version of Indian food, but the naan for one was fluffy and crunchy to the right point; the sea bass drowning in coconut soup was actually surprisingly good; and the channa masala was kind of like getting close but not quite yet still a valiant attempt at emulating the real thing. Overall solid.
Food is good. Service was the worst I have ever had. Took 10 minutes just to order drinks, didn't get said drinks for another 15 minutes, which was after our appetizers arrived. The restaurant was not even half way full. No one ever checked on us or refilled our glasses. Check also took forever to get after we finished. Never saw the same server twice.
$20 for lunch buffet.   I thought that was a pretty good deal.All of the food I had was delicous.  None of it seemed too, too spicy.  I only used one Kleenex!   The usual Indian place I get delivery from I have to eat with a box of Kleenex on the table because my eyes water and my nose runs from all the spicy food.  Sorry if that was too much information.Anyway, this is a lovely restaurant with friendly staff.  For the most part, the food was well stocked but I'm only giving it three stars because it was impossible (IMPOSSIBLE!) to get any naan.   I'd see it come out and by the time I sprinted to the steam table, it was gone.  Like a ghost!   Of course, if some of the greedy bastards in line hadn't been taking 17 pieces of it at a time, there would have been more around, but I can understand their hoarding tendencies.I would go back.
The food quality and customer service were impeccable. Great cocktails, lip-smacking food, great presentation and top-class customer service summed up our visit this time. Please try their began varta and kulfi if you plan to go there. After a horrible experience last year, my husband wrote a negative review in yelp. They got back to us later apologizing and requesting us to give them a second try. They accepted their poor quality of service and informed us that they have undergone a major makeover. So we decided to give them a try this year when we were in NY. And I'm happy to say that they did not disappoint us at all. As an apology, they not only offered us complimentary desserts but also gave us a VIP treatment. I must say they have one of the best Indian foods that we have had outside home. My parents who just came from India, thoroughly enjoyed the food.
At the risk of sounding like an elitist snob, Goan food is my favorite Indian regional cuisine. It's quite different from the typical North Indian/Punjabi fare that dominates most Indian restaurants. Since I moved to NY, I've been on the hunt for a good Goan spot in Manhattan (I've already done the Jackson Heights tour, but sometimes, a girl just wants to avoid the 7). I thought Utsav was it, based on my online research, but alas, it was not to be.I guess they've redone their menu and gotten rid of much of the Goan dishes. Most of the items were the standard Westernized Indian dishes you can find anywhere. When I asked our server, he confirmed that there had been a big change. Disappointed, I asked him to recommend the best Goan dish still available. He suggested the Cochin Curry (fish and coconut sauce). It was okay, but a far cry from the authentic Goan food I've had that makes you want to weep, it's so delicious.Other things we tried ranged from okay to disappointing. In that order:Utsavpolitan: Tasty little numberCrispy Quinoa Aloo Tikki: Red quinoa potato patty with white pea mash and chutneys. Interesting.Butter Chicken: Too sweetGarlic Naan: Not garlicky enoughThe space is lovely, and the prices--while not cheap--are not unreasonable either. For Midtown, I guess this is a solid choice. And my Goan Quest continues...
Tried tons of times during lunch hours. Plenty of food, however, seems repeated on alternate days. Staff is helpful, place is decent and quick service. Food little better than other Indian places. Try paneer dishes, well made.
After my recent meal at Utsav I am raising it to 5 stars! The interior has been changed and so has the level of food and plating. I was quite simply blown away! The service has also gone to a level to rival Tamarind and Junoon. No need to go there anymore!I'm not a lamb saag person but my friend ordered it so I gave it a try, WOW! Order blindingly and your won't be disappointed. I can't wait for my next meal here.
I've been here a few times to pick up lunch during work. They have a buffet takeout where you can either order a biryani or rice and two sides. I've gotten a few different things (chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, paneer, some lentil thing) and everything was delicious. They also give you a big piece of naan and a lentil side, and everything is about $11, which is a good deal for midtown Manhattan. The menu changes every day, I believe, so worth regularly checking out. Will definitely go back often.
I always do the lunch buffet at Utsav, one of the hidden secrets of midtown Manhattan. It's upstairs, past an empty bar and small, lonely downstairs eating area. But upstairs, there is a brightly lit, enormous dining area, and a beautifully adorned and loaded buffet bar. The buffet is the way to go in terms of economy and selection. There is naan, two kinds of rice -- normal jasmine rice and vegetarian biryani. There is a selection of vegetarian dishes, such as saag paneer (spinach), chickpea salad, stewed daal (lentils), and more -- it rotates every day. My vegetarian friends seem to enjoy it immensely and even our ovovegetarian friend finds dishes he can enjoy (of course, he always orders roti for the table since naan contains butter).The meat dishes are pretty good usually. Fish curry is excellent, with tender pieces of tilapia stewed in a flavorful sauce. Tandoori chicken is red with spice, chunks of dark meat (drumsticks or thighs) cooked until tender and no longer. The only bad dish I've experienced was overcooked chicken in a tikka masala dish, but with the other winners, this is forgivable.Service is polite, efficient, and attentive, and the air is clean. Lunch time crowds are a mix of the business suit power lunchers and Indian people enjoying the cuisine.
Great Sunday Buffet. Pav Bhaji was the best. Dosas for the buffet were perfect size. Overall great food and great ambiance.
After a Along tiring day and skipping breakfast wanted to really end the day On a high note . So asked the concierge and this was the suggested place.It's tucked in on 47th between 67 Ave, and is a little hidden, but if you're as hungry as I was you'll easily find it :-)I just came out of the gym and ended up here, to a rather fine dining restaurant. The host without batting an eyelid escorted me to the seat and then the fun began.On scanning thru the menu wanted to try out the Veggie biryani as I didn't want to waste any more time.Once the biryani arrived, I was blown away by the flavors presentation and the choice of veggies . It had paneer, fried onion, peas, and a few more nice additions.The raita was a good serving laden with Veggies like tomato, onion and cucumber. They were nice enough to even get me a second serving of the raita at no extra cost .Overall my day was just taken to a brand new level, all thanks to Utsav !!Foresee coming here more often, and will be skipping the lexington avenue guys for a while :-)
I really love the ambience and their karhi pakora I amFan and five stars is for the service fromMiss doma
Great food and service...a hidden gem in midtown.  The grilled achari tikka and kaali mirch tikka were cooked to perfection and butter chicken was a perfect combination with tandoori lachha parantha.The chef Mr. Dhanduram is from Bukhara grill (Maurya Sheraton, Delhi) and great service provided by Mr.Naseem. 5 stars!!!
Had gone here for a family n friends dinner recently. These guys are usually pretty lrofessionals but not today.we orderd a paneer makhani and chicken tikka masala.. Guess wat they gave me 2 chicken dishes with different gravies.. My friends who are vegetarians to the core ate chicken because of their mistake.. This was disgusting..we did not create a scene out there just oredered another paneer.. But thought we shouldnt spare them so easily..
Decent offerings.  We arrived at the tail end of lunch so most of the tables were finishing up.  The buffet was a bit sparse.  All of the standards were there: spinach, tandoori chicken, chickpeas, rice, salad, naan, etc.  The various dishes were pretty good.  They had a shrimp curry which was different.  And one of the desserts was a warm version of keer which I liked a lot too.This was my second time here.  The last time was for a holiday party in 2009 and it was very similar.
1) AMBIANCE  SERVICE... WHAT A MESS. Worst service I've ever experienced at any restaurant in NYC. I'm a local and don't expect fantastic service in most NYC restaurants, but this was disgraceful. You walk into a lower-level bar area with no one to greet you, except a strange bartender too busy doing shots with the tourists to offer any assistance. Eventually, you meander upstairs where you're greeted by an indifferent host and a gaggle of diner-hopefuls (like yourself) staring at one another in confusion. At some point you're seated by a grumpy hostess. Then neglected. Then completely ignored. Then angry and bitter with yourself for booking a reservation at Utsav. Then you're trapped because the place appears empty of any employees, and even though payment for your meal was unearned by the Utsav staff, you feel a sense of responsibility as a decent human to pay the bill instead of just walking out. The recommended attire reads "Smart Casual".  Not exactly sure what that means, but given the level of service and food quality it must mean "flip-flops and whatever you woke up in on the subway platform this morning". 2) 18% gratuity was added to our bill for FOUR people. (This was especially disappointing because there's no way I would have left 18%, which I assume is purposely built into their policy to compensate for the terrible service.) I wish I had taken photos of how trashed and disgusting our table was after this mess of a dinner so you could appreciate how unearned the 18% gratuity was. No one could be bothered to bus the table. The filthy remains of a watery drink brought from the bar at 7:30pm was sitting there at 10:30pm as we were trying to leave. 3) Food was mediocre. Probably goes without saying, but do not be fooled by the flashy photos on the website. There's no shortage of decent Indian food in the city, so I ADVISE NOT EATING AT UTSAV. I did not get sick from the food, but given how badly EVERY ASPECT of this place is - how shabby the decor, how awful the service - I shudder to imagine what goes on in the kitchen. WHAT GOES ON IN THE KITCHEN!?? WHO KNOWS??? BOTTOM LINE: THIS SUCKY EXPERIENCE TOOK OVER THREE HOURS OF MY LIFE. Conclusion:  Utsav is a Midtown all-you-can-eat buffet pit under the delusion that it's a respectable dinner establishment. The owners should convert it into a cafeteria already - just need the plastic forks and styrofoam plates. If you bother to read this and decide to go anyway, I wish you the best of luck.
I'd give this place zero stars if I could. What is up with these crazy prices?!?!  $23 for Saag lamb?!??This is a place for really rich white people to get their "exotic Indian flavor" kick and Utsav is ready to milk this base of clientele. If you're looking for an affordable yet delicious quick Indian meal for lunch/dinner, just avoid this place.
This place was delicious! The fish Nilgiri was the best. The staff was very attentive. There was no wait. The atmosphere was very nice and quiet. I was really impressed with all of the food.  The price seemed a little on the higher side, but I would gladly pay that price for the quality food and service.  The restaurant was also extremely clean. The restrooms were tidy and smelled nice.I would recommend this place to all my friends visiting NY.
With a little more flavor, this place would be a 5 but I'm giving it a solid 4 because the taste didn't totally do it for me. That said, this was some good food for a great price. $11 for rice, a meat option, a vegetable option, some salad and a side of dahl  along with a warm piece of Naan. I would recommend trying it if you're in the midtown area and I will be back to try their chicken biryani.
Really good Indian restaurant in Manhattan . It's close to time square. Nice view and good food. Try bread and panjabi sabji and masala papad. Speciaus . No reservations. Worth to go one time.
The food is delicious, so good that I went back two days in a row! Try the coconut cream soup. Super delicious! My only complaint is the service was agonizingly slow!
I was pleasantly surprised.  We had a prix fixe at $38, which may or may not have been a great deal, but was certainly easy.   Everyone enjoyed the food, though it lacked some traditional HOT that we craved.  I would return to try again.
Food is good however service is a bit slow. If I needed something done such as a refill on water or drinks I would have to ask a waiter. I also didn't like the side remarks of the wait staff. That ruined the experience. So I am giving them more than one star for the food no the service and accommodations.
Unfortunately I got stuck around Times Square while on a recent business trip to NYC. I stumbled onto Utsav and gave it a try. I've dined at a fair number of Indian restaurants in NYC, and there are many amazing places here.  This wasn't one of them. It strikes me as a standard, touristy, Times Square restaurant that I would never come back too.  I chose the prix fixe menu. The appetizer appeared to be sitting around for a while before being served. The diner it self was fine and came with a number for sides that were tasty. It was passable but nothing I would return for. The location itself is nice but all in all a disappointment.
Loved the food and service here. Great lunch spot for those people who work in midtown. Unfortunately, I don't work here permanently, but whenever I visit my company's midtown offices I come here with my coworkers. As with most Indian restaurants, some aspects of the food will not be "authentic" compared to my coworkers' standards, but they give it their approval nonetheless. If they give their approval, then I give mine!The restaurant is very spacious and doesn't get extremely crowded during lunch, but the dining room fills up about 3/4. The lunch buffet is great, especially for those who love variety! There are many selections of chicken, salad and entree combinations to put on your rice. In addition, there are also 2 types of rice served, basmati and saffron rice. The saffron rice is very much like the basmati, except it's yellow. I loved the vegetarian entrees, specifically the one with the cubes of cheese and also the one with the peas (sorry for my lack of dish name calling). They also had one with potatoes that was very good. The entrees weren't spicy and were perfect compliments for the rice. The tandoori chicken was also very soft.For dessert, I had the Mango mousse. Although my Indian coworkers complain it's a bit too sweet, I didn't think so. It tasted very "Mango-ish", but was not cold. It was a bit warm, which I didn't like. Other than that, no complaints. Service was excellent too as they took away our dishes very quickly when we were done.
Service and location is great but food sucks big time. The prices they're charging, would have been happier if they can deliver good taste as well. There is no authenticity in the food. Ordered Kadhai Paneer and Baingan Bhartha both were so disgusting. Especially baingan bharta, they're doing great probably just because of the location closer to Time Square. Seriously they need to work on the food. Never coming back.
My wife and I have just finish a delicious meal at Utsav. Everything was excellent. We started with samosas and chili shrimp - both great but I especially liked the nuts in the samosas. For entré I had sea bass in a light yellow curry source - amazing!!! My wife had lamb vindaloo which was succulent, melt in your mouth tender and delicious. We recommend this restaurant for the amazing food.
The restaurant is in the same building as my job and a few times my coworkers have suggested coming here for group lunches. During lunch time they have a buffet lunch. Comes out to be around $25pp and you can eat as you please. The food is pretty good and the selection is okay. It's not the wide variety you may imagine when you think buffet but it's enough. It's not my first choice for lunch but I'm not opposed to it either.
Review for home delivery of Chicken Bharta and saffron rice. Amazing flavors and perfect spiciness, both for me and my east Indian / Kolkata born and bred wife. The food from Utsav should warm the cockles of all West Bengal folks in NYC. On time delivery (in the upper west side) and a smiling delivery person to boot. Much recommended. Keep up the flavors and the attitude.
Love this place! Food is consistently delicious and staff is very friendly and attentive. This is definitely my go-to Indian spot when I am in midtown. The tandoori chicken is amazing. Wish they delivered to me on seamless! Haven't tried the buffet lunch yet but heard you can't go wrong with that either.
Best Indian food in the city in my opinion. Chicken Vindaloo is my go-to. The service was excellent and food is always fresh and consistent.I also highly recommend the lunch buffet for those working nearby in midtown! While I'm not one for buffet style meals, I was pleasantly surprised and now frequent this gem. One of our midtown offices top places to visit for lunch!Highly recommended.
Most unprofessional restaurant in New York for sure. The concept of customer relations is not in their dictionary. It takes hours to get served. Very disrespectful treatment by the host. Would never recommend a visit here.
The lunch box was alright. For about $12, you can have two items of meat or vegetables with rice and naan. However there weren't many choices available for the food. I went twice in the past three months and it was the exact same thing the second time. The food was mediocre, and the portion was small, but the naan was good. There's also a lunch buffet on the second floor, I might try it sometime.
The food here is amazing! This is the best Indian food in NYC hands down.My favorites are the lamb vindaloo and the prawn skewers.I am so glad that I have this near my office, it is a great place to bring clients. Although I love the meat dishes, they have a great set of vegan options, so I know everyone in the group will be happy.Highly recommended.
Ate here last night and it was delicious.Two orders of chicken tiki masala which were great. It's hard to go wrong with this staple.One order of goat on the bone, which our bone eater loved. All bones sucked clean. His fingers were yellow and spicy this morning.One order of stir fried spicy lamb which was also enjoyed.The helpings are large so we ended up leaving behind a bunch of food which I hate doing.
Not so good experience!Before we split, Had to pick up food on my way back with friends, we ordered separately and they messed up our bags and food was not that goo, too.Reception service was ok. I won't go back.Try other Indian restaurants friends, there are tons around that area.Got star for Nice interior ...
Delicious dishes and nice size portions. The Mango Mojito is really good. One of the best Biryani I had in NYC, really flavorful and not greasy. Chicken Tikka Masala was also really good, spicy but not too hot. Again I really appreciate the fact that the food here is not very greasy like most indian places.
So I love spicy food...this place is not spicy-For a Jamaican. I had the lamb vindaloo which the waiter warned me against as "very spicy" and I ended up asking for spicy chutney. To be fair this place is in the heart of the theatre district but I must say the food is at best flavored but never spicy. Quiet restaurant with attentive waiters - wine list is not great though- opt for the half bottle Cristom if you are a wine drinker. The view is good for Midtown people watching though.
The quality of the cooking at this restaurant has risen dramatically in the last few years. I am highly impressed by the variety and flavor on their menu, the relaxing atmosphere, and the friendly wait staff. My only complaint is with the prices of their lunch buffet. I would eat lunch there *more often* if the buffet did not set me back $25+ (including tax). If it cost $15 then I might come here once or twice a week. Instead, it's a treat once a month at most. In general, I love that there are lot of non-generic dishes on the menu. The chef has a lot of exciting ideas. My favorite appetizer would have to be the Shakarkandi Kaffir Lime Chaat. What an inventive, flavorful chaat! And it seems healthier than the usual Indian appetizer. Amazing. I do hope they get better samosas though. I was surprised how lame they were in contrast. As for dinner entrées, I discover something new here every time that's great.  I heard the chef's favorite is the Sea Bass Rasa. I understand why after trying it. Scrumptious and flavorful. My only complaint about it is that the portion is too small. Come on guys!I like that they have some Kerala-inspired items on the menu (including that sea bass).  And I look forward to trying more entrées, even the wacky-sounding ones like the Paneer Chilli Relleno.  For now, it's a great place to bring family and friends once a month. If they lowered their prices on the lunch buffet, I'd personally eat there much more frequently. Instead, I've started to eat at Bombay Grill's $12.95 lunch buffet on 49th. But the food there can't touch Utsav in terms of quality.
I have been here a number of times, but only for the lunchtime buffet, which on this occasion was smaller than I remembered from past visits.They offered some vegetable pakoras and salad as starters. Nan was on the buffet instead of being served hot at the table.For rice, there was the usual pulao, and a vegetable biryani. Nice touch.Mains comprised the usual tandoori chicken, keema, a chicken curry, dal, two mixed vegetable dishes, one with paneer. All were savory, none were very spicy.For dessert, Utsav offred a carrot halwa that tasted meaty (perhaps from grain) and kheer.The mango lassi was pretty standard, the masala chai elevated by hot milk.Service was good and the buffet well tended.
So far the ambience is very welcoming. There seems to be a good crowd. The prices are higher than most Indian restaurants but they are looking for a heightened experience. It is upscale Indian, if you will. Great decor and friendly staff. I ordered a Times Square Cooler and they didn't skimp on the gin. For mains, we shared the chicken saffron/almond dish and lamb roganjosh. Both were delicious. The chicken dish, while mild does have some heat at the end so be aware of that. The lamb was tender and sweet. The garlic naan went perfectly with them both, though I think an order of naan should be 2 rounds not one for that price. We felt ambitious and ordered both the fig and walnut ice cream as well as the coconut sorbet. Both were to die for. I'm pretty sure the fig and walnut ice cream was homemade. Oh, wow. So, in summation, it is on the higher price end but it was a great experience and if you're looking for a lovely place to celebrate,   anything, go here. The lost star is because I couldn't afford to eat here regularly.
From the tips. Went here with 2 others. One person had the prix fixe (excellent amount of food but 35, but it is midtown and this was higher end Indian food.Good meal though pricy (especially for Indian food,) excellent service, food took a bit to come out. To Drink: Sweet Lassi: I think 6 (not on online menu) Sweetened Yogurt drink.Good variation, size was fine. Was missing the cardamon or Pistachio top I usually see with it but the flavor was fine, good froth. 3.5Complimentary appetizer: Green Pea Pakora (I guess I would consider it this) 0. Miniature green pea turnovers.Good flavor but not enough spice, good for complimentary though. 3.0Appetizers:Bhel Puri: 6Crispy rice puffs tossed with potatoes, onions  chutneys.Excellent sized portion. Good mix of spices as well. One of the best variations I have had outside of a Chaat house I've been to. 4.5/5(Both of them, same size on Prix Fixe and as regular) Spinach Pakora Chaat: 7Spinach fritters drizzled with spiced yogurt  tamarind chutneyI wasn't as big a fan of this, didn't have enough spices for my taste, though I am rarely a fan of Modern Indian food so take it that way. It was OK. 3.0/5Mains(Me)Baingan ka Bhurta: 16Roasted eggplant puree, seasoned with onions and tomatoesI was tempted to get the Baghera Baigan but I decided to stick with my tried and true. Anyway, solid variation with a good sized portion. I don't mind the price either. Filling and excellent, as always. I asked for medium spice and it was a good heat but nothing overwhelming. 4.5/5. (Her) Navratan Korma: 15An assortment of seasonal fresh vegetables cooked in a mild almond sauceTried a little bit. Sauce was mild as it said but well flavored. Good portion. 4/5(Him) Tilapia Fish Moilee: (Prix fixe, usually 22)Fillet of tilapia simmered in coconut milk, mustard seeds  curry leaves. Served with chef's vegetable of the day (Mix,) chana masala (Peas,) saffron pulao  naanTilapia/sauce were both excellent but the portion was small though the chana/vegetable made up for it. Peas had good flavor as well. Naan was solid but expected, nothing burnt there. 4/5, 4.5/5 for the Tliapia sauce.Bread:Peshawari Naan: 5Portion was just big enough but the flavor was there. Needed maybe a bit more nuts/a bit less red colored coconut. 3.5/5Naan (from Prix fixe): Usually 5Nothing burnt but nothing special, I mean it's Naan (right.) 3/5Desserts: Gajar Halwa (carrot pudding): From prix fixe, usually 8It was different from the store bought version, was a lot spicier and a lot less sweet. It was good though (portion was moderately small.) 3.0/5 (3.5 flavor, 2.5 size)One of us didn't have a dessert, I had a drink instead:Masala Chai 3.00I love good chai tea and this one was well flavored. 4.5/5Service: Had good recommendations, very nice people, refilled water very often. Food took a while to come out but they were gracious. 4.75/5Total: 45.25/603.75/5. Excellent meal but the more common dishes were a much bigger success.
My Daughter Ariana would like to review this place.. This was the best Indian restaurant in our entire USA trip all the way for LA To Frisco to NY.. Anika my daughter would also like to follow up on the comment... The most delicious Indian cuisine and Awesome Paneer Makhani.. It's was awesome they catered to Jain Food As well
Must say Wow..!! Great place to dine in..!! Really love the food  friendly service.. Love the Seabass  lamp chops.. One of the great taste in NYC!!  Would come back again  with my family for the best dinner again..!!
mmmmmmmSo I met up with about 15 people to dine here before a Broadway show (Kinky Boots, if you must know). Our reservation was for 5:30. Our show started at 7pm. Puhlenty of time to get food and head over to the theater, right? Um, yeah no.Save for about 4 people who actually arrived on time, everyone else was on Indian Standard Time and Colored People Time (which are kind of the same, being that we are both people of color, but I digress).  We waited upstairs in the lounge-y area with the couches and whatnot for others to arrive. There were a few other parties there and they were swiftly seated (because, let's be real, there is no WP time). We waited another 10 minutes before being acknowledged and seated. They had it all set up for us and our server was really great at taking our orders..well, for those that were there. By the time we realized that we wouldn't have time to eat and enjoy our food it was about 6:30, waaay too close to the start time of the show. We expressed this to our server, who informed us that our food was ready to come out, but if we need to, we can come back and eat after the show. Who does that? That's some great customer service! After our show we headed right back over there because, well, I was starving. We ordered even more food and drinks and I have to say it's the best Indian I've ever had.  I'm usually a South India kind of girl, with the all veggie options, but this was great too. The Palak Paneer was great, the creaminess was something I've never experienced before. The Poori, Laasis, naans, everything was really great. We had the same server and he was nothing but attentive with us. I think I would have definitely killed someone if I was him, we had one difficult person in our group. All in all, the food was great, a few of the Indian guests said this was the best Indian food they've had in the states ever. I think that's saying a lot. We topped everything off with desserts of rice pudding and Gulab Jamun and both were HEAVENLY.I already made a reservation for a month out. That's how excited I am for this!!!
Really enjoyed this place, from the décor to the attentive service to the incredible tasty food. Ordered everything with medium spice and it felt just right to me, although that can be subjective. I would definitely recommend and am looking forward to returning there whether or not I have a show to see!
I really liked the food however really really slow service and the restaurant was freezing cold. We did give suggestions about both, but no use. I did like the food and decor though. Worth going only if you have a lot of time and a Northface!
Nice ambience and yummy food. I love their lunch buffet. It's everything in great price. Overall good experience.
Having had an excellent dinner here, two years ago, we decided to go for lunch while in mid-town Manhattan on a shopping trip to NYC. As with many Indian establishments, lunch is usually presented as a buffet.  Utsav is a very pleasant place, with views of the busy Manhattan streets, and a Courtyard behind. The food was good, but un-inspired, with a lack of distinctiveness between the seasoning of some dishes.  Given the $23 dollar per person price, one certainly has the right to expect more.
I ate at the bar. Really loud and obnoxious - blame the Indian crowd that was loud. Really sad that they are so oblivious of their surroundings.The food was a 7 out of 10. Service was a 0/10. Really slow, and lack of attentiveness. It took the bartender 15 minutes to get me a drink! And before she poured my drink, she had the audacity to ask me for my dinner order!!!Dinner was good, but she never quite brought me a glass of water that I only got when asked the 3rd time. I'm not sure the good was good enough for me to accept poor service and return!
Excellent taste and service. Malai kofta and Pina Colada just stole the evening... Lovely taste:)
Good midtown Indian buffet.  Normally no wait.  Biggest issue is I end up eating more than I need to.
Having dinner here now. Delicious drinks, delicious food I just don't understand why this place has only three stars. I'm blown away...one word...yum!
We live in NNJ  and we have few indian restaurants. We go to the theatre next door ,Roundabout. I was a bit annoyed because my martini took a long time, but except for that all was very good.We shared a potato samosa and a shrimp dish to start. For dinner we had Chana Masala (spicy chuck pea dish) shrimp in a spicy sauce, chicken curry, some Naan  and Jasmin  rice.Good service very good food
I have been there in the past couple of years back and it was awesome that time. I was amused with the food and ambience of this restaurant.This time I went footer the buffet which costs you $20.95 without tax for 3 vegetarian dishes, 3 non-veg dishes, 1 starter each for veg and non-veg and 2 desserts..... It was not at all worthy. First the food was cold.. that too at 1 pm when there buffet starts from 12 pm to 3pm. Only one starter and there was no dal in the buffet. The only good part was dessert and taste of few dishes but not the best what you may get for a very lower rate at any restaurant in Lexington ave.
Indian is my second favorite food and I often go to indian restaurants. this place is in the heart of NY city. The place offers good food but its a bit pricey. We did the buffet for $21 per person. They had veggies, chicken and beef. They also had salad on the table. But they did not have good dessert. They only had rice pudding and one other thing. For a $21 buffet, good dessert must be includes. Service was good as well. All is all, its a very nice place. The only reason I am giving it a four start, is because of their poor dessert and the price.
We walked by this restaurant and decided to stop in for dinner.  We have never been there before and therefore, had no prior knowledge or expectations.  Upon entering we noticed the decor, the light fixtures were absolutely beautiful and the tables/seats were comfortably spaced.  The food was delicious, a little expensive but portions were fair.  The Benghan Bharta was well seasoned and had a nice little kick to it.  My favorite part of this experience was the staff.  They were very attentive and worked well together to make sure all our needs were met.  I would recommend this place for locals or tourists.
Nice and clean place! Good service and amazing Indian food! Two less stars because they over charged me by $45!! Didn't expect it from them!
Great Indian food. I usually go there for lunch take out. They give a decent size meal  two curries of your choice , rice and bread . Good to satiate your indian appetite .
One of the worst dining experiences ever. Bad food, bad service. Chicken tikka masala was sweet. And when we asked the waiter to get it changed, they just added spice sonit was sweet and spicy - very bad taste overall. Rice was undercooked, daal was bland, vaggies were oily and fish was badly cooked. Please don't come here ever. The owner has changed so the restaurant is not upto the mark anymore.Evwn after complaining, there was no respite from the owner. We were a party of 10 and they added 20% gratuity compulsory. I would have had much better food at a roadside curry house.
Delicious food, farm to table style, in a great charming location. Unless things have changed, I would prepare to wait a while for a table for brunch though.
I used to live near this restaurant and never gave it a second thought until a friend recommended it.  They recently updated their decor and it looks beautiful now.  Based on the Yelp reviews, I was a little apprehensive but the food honestly blew me away.  I have eaten at many Indian restaurants in New York and in Europe and this ranks near the top for me.  The chicken biryani was the most flavorful I ever had. The lamb rogan josh was delicious.  The chicken kebab appetizer had just the right spicing for me. They even made a custom-made onion fritter for my wife off-menu (it's one of her favorite dishes).  And importantly, the food wasn't too oily like in some place.  It wasn't just me, I took a friend and he agreed that the food was great (one had lived in London and was used to lots of Indian food). Service was cordial and very attentive (we came pretty late and it wasn't too busy anymore).  Even the cocktails (we had a mango mojito without added sugar) were delicious.  We also tried some desserts:I love Kulfi and theirs didn't disappoint.  They also convinced us to try a carrot cake/pudding-type dish and it was surprisingly tasty yet not too heavy or sweet.  Now I am sad that I moved away because this place would become a regular spot for me.
I am not really sure if I am eligible to write this review. Mostly because I had good number of Cosmos before I started digging in.I distinctly remember one appetizer though. Quinoa Potato patties- They are awesome !There is a Lemon Quinoa as a side dish and you can skip it. It's just Quinoa and there's nothing special about it.Chicken Chettinad and Paneer Classics were good.We were 5 people, had 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 1 side dish and 8 cocktails. The bill came upto $250.I think that's good considering the view, ambience, service and the food. Portions are on the smaller side though.
So at first there were alot of issues that happened, hence my first review. The restaurant manager, Anna, offered a complimentary buffet for two which I went to today and it was spectacular. The servers were nice, the buffet was amazing, and we were treated with respect. I will definitely recommend the lunch buffet to other friends and will be coming back. Thank you Anna for making it up to me, we had a lovely time
I came here for the lunch buffet.The mango lassi was very good but there could have been more yogurt.There were vegetarian, meat, and dessert options.The food was too spicy for me and didn't really hit the spot but I loved the dessert. The naan wasn't that great either.The rice pudding was phenomenal but the gulab jamun was really heavy.  Good but heavy.
BEST INDIAN FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD !!!! first time trying out Utsav and Tajmahal beer it is out of this world. Great service and ambiance as well. A++++ Naseem took wonderful care of us from start to finish.
It used to be really good, but since they renovated the space, the food has changed for the worse. The new renovations make the place less elegant. My food was cold with limited selections. It's definitely not the same Utsav that I used to love. The masala chai tasted like big red gum, and when I asked for gulab jamun, it came ice cold embedded in a brûlée with custard. So disappointed because I used to LOVE it here.
Didnt find the lunch buffet worth its price..I loved the Gajar ka halwa..it had the perfect sweetness..
I walked by and almost didn't go in, but then I asked a young indian couple coming out of the restaurant if it was worth it. Quote "we come here all the time, the food is really good" The naan was warm, crispy, yet soft and chewy, I know it's a basic staple but it was totally awesome. I kept it simple and went with the tandoori chicken and also found it to be a solid choice.The dining area upstairs is huge which makes the place feel empty, but there were lots of people there. They could do a better job on decor, table cloths, etc.  Overall: def worth a visit!
So far the chai is the most bla I've ever tasted. It's like they did s weak tea bag of bigelow chai  gave some milk. Super disappointing. Samosas were ok. We just stopped for quick bite to tide over but... Believe it or not, I've had better Indian food  certainly chai in Phoenix Arizona of all places.
Excellent Indian food. Relatively limited menu for an Indian restaurant-we consider that to be a positive. Nothing unique about the decor/ambience but convenient location for theater-attendees. Service is efficient and knowledgable. If you are a female accompanied my one or more males, be prepared for the waitstaff to direct their attention away from you if at all possible.
Bypass the "to go" lunch Buffet. It's not worth it and does not have as much options as the sit down Buffet lunch option upstairs.I was pleasantly surprised at the large array of food they had. Not to mention the decor was definitely very classy and suitable for any type of lunch function formal or informal.  The golden drapes on the ceiling and the green upholstery on the group seating arrangements with the matching cloth napkins made for a very refined feel. The constant table service also  was a nice plus. My coworkers and I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and went back for seconds and were quite pleased with the food and the customer service. The Saffron Rice, Tandoori Chicken Naan, and multiple other dishes that escapes my memory. Their Lunch Buffet changes daily so make sure to check it out on the site before you head over there.
The primary purpose you visit a restaurant is food. Decorations,ambience etc are secondary but quite important. So,this is a place with huge amount of area on floor 2 in midtown Manhattan. There is a proverb that says all that glitters is not gold, well the same is the case with this place. I cannot even say that this place glitters.There is bare minimum decoration but that's fine with me. One good thing about the place is that its not cramped , one has enough space to move around and people won't bump into each other. We went out for team lunch here and had both buffet and la carte and I don't know what was more disappointing in ascending order. The initial drinks were ok but too sweet for sure. Fruit punch was decent but I would have liked less sugar in the same. Other people tried mango lassi and jaljeera and they complained about the same sugar levels. The food was downright pathetic, the 2 types of rice were of bad quality. I don't know why they don't serve basmati in restaurants. It wasn't of good quality and I think they didn't wash it before cooking as I was able to taste the rice bran in the rice. The kidney beans(rajma) was not cooked properly, it had no spices whatsoever. I think they added only salt to it and boiled it in a pressure cooker. The palak paneer, was plain sad. Cottage cheese is meant to be soft not hard and granular. Only decent thing in that menu was malai kofta. The major blunder that they did was that they didn't label the salad which had chicken pieces in it. Few vegetarians including me had that salad by mistake. I was darn pissed off. Another question, how is one supposed to eat yogurt with forks? Why is there no spoon available at your table?Those who had ordered the la carte kept on waiting for the breads till their last breath but they came when the hunger was culled barbarically by this restaurant. Just don't go to dessert or you will be disappointed again for millionth  time in a single day. The carrot cake pudding neither looked like carrot pudding nor tasted like one(May be they use some other types of carrots ,so I am giving benefit of doubt to them)Utsav is a Hindi word which means festival but trust me after going here your life won't be festive ,it will be abominable lull and you can only cry for wasted money.They charged us for one extra buffet because they miscalculated  and then we had to point out the mistake. They generated the second and corrected bill promptly.Another point to be noted is don't give any tip as they already add 15% gratuity to your bill.
The food was good. We were already late so we really appreciate that they gave us time to order. We were like 15 odd people and everyone liked the food. They have varieties of food and it was well cooked. The ambience was cool as well. Definitely a family restaurant. We would to be happy to come here again.
Excellent Lamb chops the best in the cityKababs the most difficult items of Indian cuisine are succulent and favorable whether vegetarian or non vegetarian. Must try the vegetarian seekh kababs you vegetarians folks they truly melt like galavati kababs in your mouth.Over all taste of food and the service from the manager to staff has always been impeccable and therefore, from a fussy customer like me, they get 5 stars.
A truly outstanding meal.  Every dish was a sequence of flavors that worked in balance and finish... delicious. Scallops dish was one of the best preparations of scallops that I have had before.  Have never seen Chicken Bharta dish in a US restaurant before... and it was very well executed... we ordered 2nd serving.  Left absolutely stuffed full and enjoyed the whole meal.  Service was excellent also.  Definitely recommend and I will definitely go back.
Food: average.Price: super expensive for average food. Service: ridiculously bad. No one cares. The staff is busy people watching. Often impolitely. If you're in the neighborhood and in the mood for indian food, go to Benares. Their food and service is far better.
This place is really really tasty , but a little expensive in my opinion.  However their dishes are way better than a lot of other Indian restaurants.  And they are very nice as well,,, and they deliver!
This review is for lunch buffet: pretty decent Indian fare! I come here when I visit my brother in Midtown for lunch (Soho seriously lacks good Indian options). Good amount of options, all are always piping hot. There's a rotating chicken dish (sometimes Tikka, sometimes other) and always a Tandoori chicken. Many vegetarian options (saag and such). Yesterday there was a fish dish (didn't partake) and even a paneer and corn masala (delicious!) in addition to a few others. Always an abundance of hot naan and fresh salads with fresh veggies. Water constantly refilled and we're never rushed out of there. Best time to come is between 12-12:30.
Delicious! Two visits in one 4-night trip with sisters...we felt for sure we should go somewhere different. But it was a sure thing...!
Amazing lunch buffet with tons of options! Great for a quick, easy, delicious Indian meal on the go!
We used to come here every year 5-6 times whenever we were in town. Food used to taste much better. This time Food did not taste no where near what it used to taste. Quantity was much less than what we used get. Service was super poor. We would never come here again. If I had choice I would not even give any star. Very poor service and food. We talk to Manager about the food and service  he pretended to talk to owner, but owner didn't even give shit  about it, they did not even have courtesy to apologize. I would not recommend anyone here.
Good ambience. But terrible service. Buffet food at lunch time was pretty average, nowhere close to good Indian food. I even ordered a separate dish fro menu, but service was terrible. Desserts were average too. Except fancy ambience everything was just below average no where close to price they ask for.
Had Lunch Buffet with my wife and her parents on her dad`s birthday. Her Dad recommended the restaurant based on his prior excellent experience during his working days (about 2 years back).As far our experience goes, this was one of worst experience we had in New York. Staff wasn't interested in providing service and food was creamy and didn't taste Indian at all. We are all suffering from stomach upset after the meal. Her dad says food doesn't taste close to what he had experienced several times  years back.We won't visit here again.
Lets forget for a second that the service is poor and servers are rudeThe food is really bad. Too greasy and the spices they use are cheap.Ordered butter chicken, paneer tikka and aloo gobi. Chicken was rubbery. The jeera rice had more jeera than rice. The butter naan felt powdery and uncooked. I eat Indian/Pakistani food quite often and this is one of the few times I can say I've had really bad foodp.s. the decor is cheap too
the review is specially for the waiter... worst person i ever saw, so rude and doesn't know how to talk to customers... when i ordered chicken 65, he gave a lecture on that.. he explained all the origins of it.. which i am not at all interested in listening, more than that.. all those are fake stories...
This is the very first Indian restaurant I tried during my recent trip to New york. We went in for dinner around 7:30. Ordered Samosa, which turned out to be cold. We waited for waiter to request to heat it up. But server disappears for next 10 minutes. Food takes another 20 minutes. This restaurant employees lot of young people who are not serious about their jobs. I saw bunch of employees just hanging around as if they were in the park. Every time we would try to call him, he would ignore us. Food was too expensive for its quality. Do they already add gratuity to bill? It was far off than I had expected. DO TRY IT only if you are VERY RICH. Location is good, but I wouldn't mind walking few more blocks looking for better restaurants.
Went out to Utsav last night with my parents and had a great time. Service is wonderful, our waiter was very attentive and we were seated promptly with a beautiful view of Midtown. The servers were attentive and constantly were there to assist. Similar to the other reviewers, the food is mediocre. It lacks any significant flavor and doesn't have that burst of spices. As an Indian, I feel I could have cooked similar food at home. But you aren't paying for the food, you're paying for the ambience and service in Midtown. Overall, I agree it is pricey for mediocre Indian food but at least you get to enjoy a lively restaurant instead of some small cafe in the back corner of 54th.
Not so great place , always busy , and have a long wait time on the weekends.been here once almost wait tome was 1 hr. Just to get the table..once we got the table it took 30 mins for sokeone to show up..and after other 15 mins no one got our order ..so we just left, with empty stomach and a spoiled mood..
Indian restaurant for the business crowd. It isn't very good, but it accommodates enormous groups and is flexible with their menu for people who love to make changes to dishes. In the end, if you think about it, it's pretty close to most of the takeout indian fare that you might be used to here in the city. If you want something real, go to curry hill, 7th street, queens, or any deli that a bunch of taxi drivers are parked in front of.
Positives:  decor is nice and it was easy to get a table through Yelp!  Their spinach pakoras were really good (given as an amuse bouche.Mediocare:  Service was attentive without enthusiasm and little eye contact.  My wife got the palak kofta and it was bland, couldn't really eat much.  I got the  Bhe Ke Kofta which just a little better.  Rice and Naan were good.Negatives:  Drinks were terrible but we didn't have the heart to tell them, we couldn't take more than a few sips.  They need to focus on a few cocktails and nail them down, this was a big fail for us.  Based on review and pictures, I was expecting a better experience.  To be fair, maybe we just ordered the wrongs things : (
This was hands down the very best vegan Indian food I have ever eaten. To be honest it may have been the best eating experience as well. My taste buds were so moved that I felt compelled to kiss the chef.
the service was very slow - and only for us. naan was not as fresh and "garlicy" or "buttery" chicken tikka masala was good but they didnt make it extra spicy as we asked for.
This was the first time I tried this place and this review is just based on the dinner experience.  We reached this place around their closing time, so expectedly they asked us to place the entire order (appetizer and entree) since the kitchen was closing.  We ordered 2 appetizers Lasuni Gobi and Lime Chaat - both average in taste. Both the curries we ordered - Vegetable Takatak and Kadhai Paneer had literally the same gravy and the gravy sucked. We also ordered butter milk which turned out to be pretty good.  All in all it was pretty average experience and I would be hesitant in visiting again.
Awesome food, good service.  I had goat biryani and my wife had chicken tikka masala.  Both very delicious and just the right amount of "heat".  The dessert I chose combined two of my all time favorites: gulab jamun and creme brûlée !  Not a traditional Indian dessert but very delicious so who cares?
I had dinner with my wife today (5/28/14) at Utsav. Mrs Nandita  Mr Soni out did themselves. The food was flawless  the service was impeccable. We had a great meal on our anniversary dinner. Thank you much.We are now off to go see mamma mia!!!!
Fantastic indian food, upscale beautiful dining room! Upscale service, great easy location! The lamb shank was to die for! Maybe top 3 indian restaurants and I go to a lot! Dr Ron
Utsav is a great place for flavorful Indian food but it comes at a hefty coast. By flavorful food, I mean very delicate and interesting combinations -- such as the rice with cumin and rose water. Indian food can be really intense. I didn't find Utsav falling into that category.Utsav also managed our massive group very well. Service was courteous and attentive. I did not have any complaints regarding that.Why Utsav did not get 5 stars from me is the pricing. For our group tab, I didn't feel like I got $60 worth of food, especially not in quantity. Quality was on par to price but when I have a spoon full of rice and curry and that's that -- I begin to feel a bit ripped off. I understand this place is in Midtown but I would appreciate a larger portion for the price point. Bottom line -- Utsav is a great place for large groups, you get quality Indian food with fascinating flavors but at a hefty price. Don't expect your stomach to be filled, though.
Had a lovely meal here recently. From the requisite veg samosas to chicken chettinaad and fish nilgiri. So delicious. The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive during our visit.
4 star restaurant bumped to 5 for stellar service. We made a pre-show reservation on a Saturday night; may not have been necessary but we did have 7 people so we wanted to be sure. Can't say enough about how welcoming everyone was. The kitchen sent out 3 complimentary plates! Delicious cold mango soup, lentils to accompany dinner, and a couple of dishes of a gulab jamun variation after our meal. I do not know why we got such special attention, but it made for a wonderful evening. Everything we ordered was great. Highlights were the malai kofta, peshweri naan, and lasuni gobhi. The menu also featured some dishes I've not seen at other Indian restaurants, like tandoori baby vegetables. Very fresh and delicious. I was also very pleased to actually get paratha when I ordered it instead of naan being subbed in like at so many other restaurants. The setting and ambience are very nice; good wine list. Prices were par for the course for Times Square but worth the quality all the way around. Next time we're in town we'll do the prix fixe menu; it is a perfect pre-show spot.
Shitty restaurant....waiters are rude...food sucks. Frozen chicken is served as chicken tikka masala. Waitress keeps kicking my chair every time she comes to serve the food. Can't keep the track of who ordered what!!!A complete messy restaurant!!!!
$18.95 all you can eat Indian buffet (12-3PM)- an array of choices- everything was delicious/spicy- waiters picked up plates when you were done- able to accommodate big and small parties- comfortable restaurant- the mango cocktail was more like mango juice in my opinion and not cocktail-like at allUtsav is slightly pricier than other Indian places in the area but the food and variety of choices makes up for it!Food: 6.5Decor: 6Service: 6*ratings out of 10
Astonishingly bad service in a beautiful environment with tasty, fairly inventive Indian cuisine. Loved the flavors, but being ignored for over an hour left a bad taste in my mouth.I'm an easy customer. I've got plenty of friends in food service. If you're slammed, you're slammed. If you're communicative and pleasant, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. But being frozen out at Utsav with one unforgivably bad, inattentive waiter broke even my fairly infinite patience.My friend and I came at around 7:30 before a concert at Radio City. Since we didn't care much about the opener, we figured we had about an hour and fifteen minutes for dinner. The restaurant was about 2/3 full and we were seated immediately. Ordered a cocktail, two prix fixe pre-theater meals (If you need to make a show, DO NOT go to Utsav if you have any intention of seeing the first act) and one additional appetizer.Thus began one of the longest waits of my life. It got downright absurd when the seemingly endless stream of waiters flowed through the restaurant, and every other table ate, paid, and left, while we were still waiting for our appetizers.I received a glass of wine immediately, but my friend's cocktail didn't come until we asked two different servers where it was hiding.I'd recommend the food. Perfect portion size, nice spice level, creative take on what would otherwise be tired Indian staples. I felt that the food was a great value at $35 for three courses.  I loved the rose creme brulee, my tikka masala was piping hot and beautifully seasoned. The shredded mango/chicken salad I had as a starter was also nicely prepared with beautiful texture. My friend didn't love his dumpling dessert, and I agree that it was soggy, but we'll also admit that we're not huge fans of Indian desserts.We asked for our check four times. Four times, from four different servers, because our waiter completely ignored us after taking the order, and while he was floating around the dining room, he never bothered to check in, see if we needed water or another drink, or give us any update during the absurdly long wait before we were served. Before our entrees were served (after waiting nearly half an hour for our appetizers, never getting one of them nor the cocktail we ordered), we let the waitstaff know that we were in a bit of a time crunch, and would like the check with our entrees. We then waited an additional 40 minutes for our remaining courses and missed the first ten minutes of our show. We didn't get out of the restaurant until 9:20, and it had totally cleared out before we got our desserts.I've never left such a bad yelp review, and I've never EVER considered not tipping for bad service (don't worry, I left 15%. I'm not a monster.) But at dinner last night, I sincerely wanted to dine and dash.Never again.
Absolutely horrible food, worst customer service, payed $131 family dinner, visiting  NYC had better Indian food last 2 nights than tonight. Would not recommended  it, waste of money .
The food was excellent and on par with the decor.  However, I was really disappointed with the service (or lack of) and their bathrooms.  How is it possible that such an upscale looking place can have such gross bathrooms?Their complimentary appetizers were really tasty, their prefix was super satisfying and  their drinks were delicious.
I went for the lunch buffet and wasn't all that impressed. You are definitely paying a premium because you are in Midtown - corporate people and tourists probably keep this place alive. The food wasn't bad, but nothing special - definitely not worth the $21 price for the buffet. The selection was pretty limited and nothing sensational. You are much better off finding a place in Murray Hill if you can.
Chicken JalfreziMore spice than flavor.  Quite overpriced for what you get.....Ambiance is OK, but nothing that special
We decided to get some Indian food for dinner and Utsav hit the spot just right. The location is a block from Times Square, even though it's that close. It's still a bit hidden from the public. The restaurant has a small bar downstairs and the restaurant is located on the second floor. The layout is pretty spacious upstairs and good for groups. To start off the meal, complimentary potato fritters were given to us. We then ordered 2 Utsav Platters, one vegetarian and one non-vegetarian. The vegetarian platter consisted of Samosas, New Delhi chaat, palak, tikki and pakoras. The non-vegetarian consisted of chicken Samosas, Lamb Shammi Kabab, Fish Amritsari and Baghara Jinga. All these were very delicious. I honestly don't remember which is which, but I was very pleased with the appetizers. These were all delicious and gave me sample of what's ahead in the meal.As a main course we ordered the Lamb Chilly Fry and Bhuna Meat. The Lamb Chilly Fry is lamb that is stir fried with coconut, dried red chillies, curry and mustard leaves. This meal really gives you a kick. The sauce is a bit grainy, but very flavorful. Paired with naan, it's amazing! The Bhuna Meat is goat meat that is still on the bone and braised in fresh spices from northern India. The goat is really tender and flavorful. You can tell that it was braised for awhile since the meat has al the flavors of the sauce.All in all it was a great meal. The prices are bit high up, but the service is excellent and the place is very well designed.
A bit pricey compared to Little India and Curry Hill, but definitely worth it if you are stuck in Midtown and craving Indian. The restaurant is pretty and seating is nice and roomy. The buffet lunch has many options for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians and I had a little of everything. The standout dishes were the naan, chicken tikka masala and the sweet and sour fish dish. I also always love the rice pudding as well to end my meal. Definitely the place to go in the area for your Indian fix and you will be quite full at the end of the meal!
Very poor food compared to traditional Indian food. Reaons:1. Not properly welcome to the guest. Not just me, i have seen same treatment given to other guest. 2. Food serving is not good. you feel like you are there for free food and they serve you as if you are unwanted. 3. Dosa was not freshly cooked..4. Sambhar - more sour then it should be. 5. NAAN (Indian Bread)  - Cold, hard to eat and not table serve (other places serve you fresh  hot on the table). I had to ask 3 times for the NAAN and then they show up to the table. much more to write.... but in summary:And yes - if you check their website, you would assume you will have a royal lunch but reality it a junk... if you wise enough, I would suggest to avoid going there. Instead try some other indian food or at last go for chipotle or subway to save your day and money...!
Arrived at the restaurant around 8:30 pm on a Tuesday evening and it was quite busy.Got seated and 15 minutes later no server had come by to take drink or food orders. Finally got up and asked the hostess if anyone was working my table and only then the "manager" came over. Side-note - even the hostess was giving dirty looks and rolling her eyes because I dared to question their non existent service. Their was no smile, no discussion, no greeting, just a "what do you want?". The rude, insincere behavior continued the entire visit. Could not get anyone's attention to get more drinks or anything else. Had to get up and find the manager multiple times. If he's the manager and setting service standards, it's no wonder the employees don't care. Food was terrible. Papadums were burned beyond recognition. Chicken Tikka Masala was ok but bland. Hyderabadi Shrimp was not worth the price and definitely not tasty. Got charged for extra food (naan bread) that was not ordered. Overall a terrible experience with lousy, uncaring service, and far too expensive.  They could do much better. Not sure how long they can stay in business with these problems.
Very nice indian place in the Rock Center area of midtown.  Right out of the train, and up some small stairs, you enter in through the bar and then upstairs to the dining room.  The ceiling decorations are quite nice, vaulted canopy making you feel like you're in a giant tent in the dessert.  But the booth apholstry could use a replacement.  It was a bit worn.The food is great here, but just about like most indian buffets really.  I didn't think it was unusually tasty per se.  Plus they were doing construction outside, so the view was all wooden scaffolding and whatnot.  My biggest beef was they were all out of naan.  When they restocked more, the scavengers grabbed almost all of it before I got any.  Though the naan I did get was quite good.Nice place, tasty food, a bit pricey considering.
We went to Utsav to celebrate my daughter's 18th birthday while on a trip to NYC.  Not only was the food delicious but the service was amazing. We mentioned after we were seated that it was her 18th birthday and when our meal was over they surprised us with a dessert for her and sand happy birthday!  It was the perfect end to a great meal and trip.  Thank you Utsav!
We decided to try Utsav since we work around the corner and loved it. We don't usually go for places with a coat check and decent view, but the prices are reasonable and they gave us two appetizers on the house. The service was great. it was a little busy, so understandably a little slow (we were seated right away though), but will come back.
Ate here last night (9/14/2013) with a college buddy and his family.The downstairs bar looked very cool and lounge-y.  The restaurant was upstairs.  Very spacious, almost cavernous.  I can't imagine it getting packed but we ate early (6:15p reservations).  When we left, it was much more full but still not crowded.The waitstaff was attentive and friendly.We had chicken tikka masala (which was as expected), saag paneer (panak paneer?), chicken biryani, and some lamb dish.  The lamb was nice and... "earthy" with flavorful spiciness though not what I would consider "hot" or overpowering.  But then again, my GI tract is like the Gaza strip so something's gotta be LAVA hot for me to really notice.3 types of naan, whole wheat, regular and onion, came in a basket.  Each was delicious though I think the onion was the best.  For appetizers we had samosas and lamb kebabs and were given a complimentary app from the chef which basically resembled spinach hush puppies, though not greasy like their deep-fried American counterparts.  Those were tasty and finished with a little spicy flavor.This place is not good for kids in the sense that Ground Round and Chuck E. Cheese is good for kids but my friends children (about 9 and about 11) were fine.  They would start getting silly at times but my friend was really good about refocusing them and getting them to behave properly. So if your kids can sit at a table for a couple of hours, this place is fine.  If your kids are more... rambunctious, it's probably not the best place to be.I enjoyed our meal and the time spent here but I think they're a tad bit overpriced.  But then again, you ARE in Manhattan and you ARE in Midtown.I've heard there is much better Indian food in Queens but, if you're in the area, it's not a bad option.
Beautiful decor, excellent service, and a huge bill (but worth it!)Came here with a friend on a weeknight and it wasn't crowded at all, which surprised me because of the convenient/touristy location. We were served complimentary cutlets (which were delicious) that prompted us to order a full appetizer. We went with the vegetable kabobs, which I still can't get over!The main entrees were good too, but perhaps lacking a little in authenticity. However, the naans were very fresh and soft, which made up for it. Our waiter was also extremely courteous and jovial. The bill was rather high, but it's New York and it's midtown, so by those standards nothing out of the ordinary. Overall a very nice setting and tasty (if not entirely authentic) Indian food!
Utsav falls in the rare category of "great lunch options" around Times Square. The excellent buffet and quick service officially puts Utsav in my lunch rotation.
We had been to this restaurant on our last trip to NYC a few years ago. We enjoyed it then so wanted to go back on our trip last week. It was very disappointing from the bland food to the servers. Each dish looked like the others, a few pieces of chicken swamped in sauce with none of the onions or peppers they mention visible. It is like everything is blended.Apart from the manager the servers did not smile or make us feel welcome. It felt like we were a nuisance and they could not wait for us to leave. A very disappointing meal. We have a lot of experience of Indian food and different restaurants. It is never nice to re-visit a place and find everything has gone downhill.
As a trained chef, I am always on the look out for fresh faire, prepared well, and attractively served.  I was unprepared for the outrageous hospitality, and completely surprised by the stellar execution, technical skill, and balance of flavors. I had never tried Chicken Bharta, which is as much a staple in Indian cuisine as Tikka Masala, which was also excellent here, and will ask for it from now on... It was complex, but not at all overbearing, with tender chicken and creamy sauce. The scallops were expertly cooked to silken perfection.   The Bombay Butter Garlic Crab was a truly delightful balance of sweet crab, pungent garlic and butter that I hope to recreate for my table. The sea bass and Lasuni Gohbi (crispy and spicy cauliflower) were also keepers. Our party of four was treated to a proper English service, which made us all feel like treasured guests, but with none of the stuffy pretension! The cocktails, food, desserts (yes, plural), service and decor were all top notch. Our experience was lavish, making Utsav a new favorite in mid-town.
As Utsav is located very near to Times square most people come because they are tired, hungry, want to use rest room or escape cold, and last thing would be food.Ambiance, service, location, are good but quality of food and taste are just okay. This is an North Indian restaurant well maintained. But have to caution you food is just okay nothing great, not tasty, spicy, eat here if you have no other option only. Even simple dishes were not up to the mark, we tried out only VEG curries, nans, biryani and desert all were average for dinner. We dint have buffet here so no comments on that."If you are tried and have no other option then eat at Utsav"
me and a friend went here at around 6 pm for dinner and it was one of the most amazing restaurant experiences I've had in NYC when it comes to Indian restaurants.The food was expensive but if you want a date where you are going all out- it was so worth it. the place was very clean, very beautiful, there were candles and lights and the way the ceiling was decorated along with the outside waiting area and the amazingly clean bathrooms, basically it was very beautiful (a look on their website under gallery also helps to check it out).I don't know why but whenever I go to indian restaurants in NYC, the service sucks and people are rude. But at utsav it was like the first time everyone was very nice, let us take our time, and was very good at coming up and asking if we needed anything (but not too often for it to be annoying). Steamed towels at the end, smiles, all that jazz. They were just very nice.I see some reviews saying buffet wasn't all that and I went for dinner but a friend of mine confirmed that buffet isn't the best time to experience this place- keep that in mind.The flavor of the food itself I enjoyed thoroughly. I don't like over spicy foods and they didn't overdo anything here.  Their kulfi was amazing in my opinion and their biryani really did it. Wish they put better meat in there but nontheless it was amazing.Highly recommend for dinner!
good drinks, nice ambience. A pretty good restaurant near the times square. Love the samosas. However,  there is still more room for the improvement when it comes to chicken. I had a sensitive stomach after having butter chicken unfortunately. I loved veggie side very much.
I went to this place while I was visiting NY. Its very close to Times Square. The food is pretty good but its a little expensive, so keep that in mind. I would definitely visit the place when I'm back in NY.
This was my second timing eating here.  The food is OK but not great and certainly not of the quality that you would expect at a higher end indian restaurant.  Nothing special.
I will begin by saying that the staff was extremely nice and helpful. I do believe the menu was varied and tasteful and the restaurant is counted as one of New York's finest. I went there on my birthday with a group of friends and ordered the Masaledar Machli (tilapia in spices) but got very oily and curried fried fish. We also ordered the non-vegetarian kebab platter, which seemed pretty bland. I guess I should have ordered more wisely, but I wish the menu explained the dishes a little better in that respect. For these, I give the restaurant three stars.What I absolutely loved was their salmon fish tikka, the Murg Hari Mirch (chicken in green chillies) and chana aaloo tikka which my friends ordered. Even the shrimp tikkas were amazing! At the end, they even gave me a complimentary birthday dessert (with kulfi and gulab jamuns), which was very nice. If it weren't for my fish, I would have given Utsav 3.5-4 stars.
Indian food buffet; many choices, good taste, moderate prices, pleasant atmosphere, convenient location; some food may be a bit spicy but most is not.
Food was better than average but the service was horrible - owner / manager did not assist at all with our queries regarding the menu. Rest of the experience was ruined by his bad attitude. Will never eat here ever again
Hot and spicy! (Enough about the hostess and let me focus on the food). But seriously. The appetizers are good but not great . The entrees on the other hand are great.  I typically order entres that originate from Northern India like lamb vindaloo. I warn you  that Utsav serves the hottest and spiciest vindaloo in the city. But it isn't heat for the sake of heat; it's flavorful with a hot side effect. I've been there enough times that I sampled virtually every entre and they are consistently great. The service is fantastic and refer to my earlier comment about the hostess. The food is not for everyone but if you like Indian fare as it has evolved in the west then Utsav is as good as it gets this side of Mumbai
Worst service ever..the taste of their liquor was not the same(we had the same drink right opposite in St Andrews Scottish Bar)..when we asked the server, he was rude and told us to leave a negative review. I myself am Indian and would not recommend anyone to go this restaurant for Indian food. BIG LET DOWN TO INDIAN FOOD. AVOID.
Been going to Utsav for the past 5 years - since I came to New York from India and the food is delicious. I don't eat Indian food often but when I do, it's usually at Utsav. Utsav makes authentic Indian food and the menu has practically everything you would fancy eating at an Indian restaurant. The menu explains everything very well and the staff is extremely helpful with choices and recommendations. Someone is always present to help you with additional orders, to make sure your food is what you expected and to answer any questions. The food quality is superb with fresh, well picked ingredients. The owner of the restaurant seems to be very involved with the everyday activity which is a positive sign and is friendly with all the guests of the restaurant. When you make a reservation, you usually don't have to wait for more than a minute to be seated and they try to accommodate you even if you don't have a reservation. In New York, Utsav is definitely one of the few places I would recommend to eat authentic, well priced Indian food!
How delicious!  The drinks were fresh and the service was friendly. We had a basket of garlic naan and enjoyed a buffet of rice, salad and various meat and vegetables. Needless to say, they make enough food to feed a large village. I was stuffed by the end of my first plate of spinach! This Manhattan gem should be on everyones hotspot list for the summer. Sidenote: it was raining when I got there but they offer outdoor seating next to a beautiful garden of colorful tulips. I can't wait to come back when the sun is out.
The food quality has totally gone down the hill. There are much better Indian food choices in NYC ESP. In midtown. Def. not recommended.
Great service and ambiance. Showed a concern about my return dish and also replaced the one I originally ordered. I found the dish ordered differ from what I had 15 days back. The recipe has been changed in few dishes that I have had here from what the original recipe but can work. Had kadai paneer ordered this time and felt like eating a dry paneer chillie. It was funny to see them struggling with the recipes authenticity. Anyway overall good value but if you expect a pure Indian taste or recipe I would recommend a smaller family owned business.
Excellent dinner buffet.  Not too mild.  Good appetizers and north-south mix.  The buffet guy was helpful.  It's a pretty loud place, so the children's  occasional shouts of delight or agony weren't too distracting, and the wait staff was quite kind to them.
Ambience - 5 starsHospitality - 5 starsHygiene - 5 starsStaff - 5 starsTaste  preparation - 5 starsNeed I say more?!Seriously this is an upscale restaurant for the classy. One may think its super expensive considering the location (stone's throw away from Time's Square) and classy interiors. Though that's true, it's so by barely a couple of dollars. Something rare for Indian restaurants in US, they served some Dhokla as complimentary appetizers along with chutney and also served hot steamed towels to clean up fingers on completion go dinner. Food of course was fabulous! Probably the best Indian restaurant if one is around Time Square or within a five bloc radius!!
Beautiful restaurant. Very polite service. Mediocre Indian food.  I have had much better but I have certainly had worse.
Utsav used to be our "go to" Indian after theatre, but no longer.  The service, which used to be top notch, was sloppy.  They forgot to serve us the appetizer pappadams and tamarind sauce, forgot to bring our drinks, and the main dishes, which came out immediately, were luke warm, including the naan.  During the meal, several different waiters filled our water glasses, so we weren't ignored.  We were just not served well.  The chana masala was excellent, but the lamb saag had a lot of gristle in it.  This used to be such a nice, elegant place for Indian food.
Tried their take out lunch buffet. Very oily and the curries tasted below average.
Too pricey for the quality of food they serve  and service is poor - don't waste your money - you're better off eating at a food truck!
Great service, had an early dinner with a friend.  Food was delicious, I had the kabobs , everything was done extremely well.  For an early dinner in ny they were pretty busy.  Will be back
I was a little nervous about eating at Utsav because the Yelp reviews seem quite mixed.  But it's near my hotel, and I had noticed it was fairly busy and it had alot of Indian customers.  So, last night we had their $32 prix fixe theatre dinner before going to a 7pm show. That's an early dinner by most standards, so it wasn't too busy.We were very happy with our meal.  The decor and presentation of the food were sophisticated, and the food and service were excellent.  We regularly eat Indian food in Silicon Valley, where there are many good Indian restaurants, and Utsav is on par with those in taste, with one exception.  Utsav has the most delicate naan we've ever tasted.  It was much lighter texture than normal, and we really enjoyed it.
This is more of a 3.5 stars.  Again, for a work event, where we had an open bar, appetizers including tandoori chicken chunks, Pakora of spinach, potatoes and eggplant, and my favorite-the Manchurian cauliflower.  Anyone see the theme here? I love those fried nuggets in ketchup and soy sauce.  For dinner, we were seated and served rice, naan, lamb rogan josh, chicken tikka masala, and saag paneer.  There was also veggies in a korma sauce.  We had raita to cool everything off and salad-yup goes well with rice.Overall, really good Indian food. Very fresh, good service, great naan, and excellent lamb-they trimmed the fat which a lot of Indian restaurants do not do.The dessert included a mango pudding and this warm carrot pudding.  The carrot/rice  was a little bit buttery for me, but the sweet mango pudding was actually good.To the dissenters-try it again and order a dish instead of the buffet.  I personally hate buffets because of the fact that its impossible to keep food good when it sits out.They are actually very good at what they do.
Was craving Indian last nite for dinner and Seamless was offering a 20% off discount. So I read the reviews, and figured, hey, why not?I ordered the Broadway Price Fixe for delivery.-Appetizer: Lasuni Gobhi-Entree: Chicken Tikka Masala-Veggie of the day - creamed spinach w/ corn (no idea what this was called)-Dessert: Gulab Jamun I also ordered a side of raita. I thought $6 was a bit steep for it and was really surprised they didn't offer any sides of chutneys or onions, but I ordered it anyway. It was just ok. It came in a pretty big container- way more than I needed/wanted. They should really offer it in 2 sizes. Let me start off by saying that I'm not usually that impressed with the Indian delivery options in the city, but Utsav surprised me!The app. (Lasuni Gobhi) was AMAZING! It's sometimes called Manchurian Cauliflower, and tastes JUST LIKE orange chicken. It was fucking delicious and I wish they would put this on the menu as a vegetarian entree.The chicken tikka masala was just ok. It was actually spicier than I expected but tasted really traditional. Nice big chunks of chicken.The veggie was DELICIOUS! Couldn't get enough of it. I wish I knew what it was called!!The chana masala it came with was kinda spicy- not that great. I wouldn't order it if it hadn't come with it.I will say this- they definitely chinced on the rice. I wish they had given me way more cuz it was actually really good. They gave it as a side portion in one of those 3-compartment to-go boxes. Super bummed about that.The naan it came with was delivered in its own heat-saving pouch which I really liked. Nice and fluffy.The Gulab Jamun was great! It tasted like a plain donut hole soaked in honey. Wish they had given me more than one.Overrall, I was really happy with my order! I'm pretty sure Utsav will now be my go-to Indian place...
A very bad experience. The restaurant does not have high chairs for kids, which is very surprising and frustrating. The management is also not accommodative and helpful.
Went to Utsav for a work lunch. It's pretty good food. It's "fancy" Indian compared to the (delicious) hole-in-the-wall places around my office, but of course that means its pretty pricey for lunch. They have an all-you-can-eat buffet for $20. It's pretty good and changes everyday. The veggies were better than meat dishes in my opinion. You can also order from the main menu, but it is expensive for lunch. There is a lot of space in the restaurant so it's good for groups. Not going to lie, it was a lot of food for lunch and I definitely could have used a nap when I got back to my desk. Be careful not to over eat.
