Great food and they serve you very quickly. They do a lot of take out. They are very friendly and have a variety of items on the menu.They don't serve alcohol, but you may bring your own wine. The food is always hot and fresh. Your food is prepared according to how spicy your palate is. They also show really cool bollywood videos, that I find very entertaining. You can't help yourself once you tune in. Great food, great service.
One of my favorite Indian restaurants in Brooklyn--and probably New York City. They give very large portions for the price and the food is amazing too. I usually get the Garlic Naan, Chicken Tikka Masala and Tandoori Mixed Grill. The Chili Chicken and the Special Mixed Meat Biryani are fantastic as well! They actually give A LOT of meat for the Biryani!!! Oh and my absolute favorite is the Mango lassi--one of the creamiest I've ever had. (I'm drooling right now thinking about it all!) I think what makes me return to this restaurant over and over again is the amazing service. They're very attentive and well mannered. This place is definitely one of the hidden Indian gems of Brooklyn.
This place is great. Generous portion, amazing food, and exceptional service. My only issue is that the AC was not on full blast!
I just ordered from Delhi Height and I just got my foods. Its look really nice and delicious. The delivery came so fast and they gave all the sauces. So I highly recommend you guys to order from there and trust me you guys will like it.
Best Indian cuisine in bed stuy. So many vegetarian options, their masala is beautifully spiced and comes with large portions. I usually go with the alu mottor gobi and it's never disappointed me. They have amazing deals around lunchtime and for delivery as well and hold up to those deals. One of my favorite places to eat around my home
This is one of the best places for indian food I've had in NYC! The chicken vindaloo and chicken saag are delicious with large pieces of tender, dark meat chicken. The lamb in the lamb rogan josh was also amazingly tender and the sauces were all crave-worthy. I love that the veggies in the dishes are left in chunks, which may not be super authentic or anything but I'm happy they do it. Rice is great, naan is good, pakoras weren't in such great shape after sitting in a bag but that's not their fault. I'd say I'm not the biggest fan of their chicken tikka masala, though. Bright orange and too sweet.As for service, I've always picked up and the people there are always friendly. Seems like a nice place to dine in but they've been empty every time I've gone.
Can someone clean the bathroom.  OMG! THE URINE SMELL in the restroom needs bleach and pine-sol.  Only men work in this restaurant and I guess they weren't taught how to clean the bathroom.  Hope this is not a reflection of how they clean the kitchen.  We have ordered take out from here several times food is edible .  I may come back and inspect the bathroom before ordering.
Ordered from this location twice and I must say I am truly impressed! The food is on the money and the prices are great.I ordered for pick up and the service is very fast, staff is always friendly. Will definitely be back
Very nice local Indian restaurant with amazing Tikka Marsala. It is a little out of the way, but it's either a nice walk or great place for delivery to get to you easily. The place is very mindful to keep traditional experience of Indian restaurants going with the delightful decor and the full bodied menu of delicious options.
I strongly suggest avoiding this place. The people working there are UNBELIEVABLY rude. I've ordered delivery from here a few times and the food is alright. Not great, just alright. I had a friend in from out of town a couple weeks ago and we were just planning on ordering appetizers to share. After we had already eaten the guy (and the rudest server I've ever encountered) told us that we have to order a full meal to eat in. Okay, that's fine, but they have nothing written that states that, nor did the server mention that when we ordered our share of appetizers (which came out to be about the same prices as two entrees). It was an empty restaurant, so it's not like we were taking up space that other customers wanted.Then tonight I called and asked what the delivery minimum is. He said $15, but I'm not terrible hungry, so I asked for a pick up order instead. He then told me there is a $15 minimum for pick up. What is that? A minimum for pick up? I've never heard of such a thing. Bottom line: there's a reason this place is always empty. If you eat here don't be surprised if you're disappointed.
I literally never order in. I had a crazy curry craving so searched for something in the neighborhood and found this place. I ordered coconut curry with shrimp. Super yummy, pretty fast delivery and lovely meal (:
Parat is the best..One my favorite place to go for Indian dishes.  Must say, service is as good as the food. Thumbs up.
I called to place an order, and the guy who pick up the phone was totally a jerk to me And at the end he just refused to place my order. I asked him Why, he just answered "don't know why, but no business with you" He makes me lose 30min of my time. I order every week at this place, and this guy was just like I'm canceling your order, order somewhere else. WHAT A JERK !!
This review is for both delivery and dining in.Food:  Very tasty and well executed on every dish I've had.  The meat is always cooked through and the sauces are well-balanced.Service: Our wait was courteous, cheerful and not overbearing.Ambiance: About what you would expect - we were there for a 6pm dinner on a saturday night and were the only couple in the restaurant until about 6:30 when another showed.  There was a brisk delivery business going in and out--they have one of those cold chamber doors which helped.  Otherwise the decor is pretty cozy.Location:  Not a ton of options nearby, particularly for Indian so this place is well situated.Price:  A high value for the amount and flavor of the food.
Ordered delivery for about $35. Wanted to pay with a $50 and tip the delivery guy $5.He had No change whatsoever. Ok, I can understand maybe he didnt have 10 dollars but he had nothing. A delivery person without a drop of change?paid the $50 as the we needed to eat.Never ordering from there again. Food was great but come on even the local papa johns (which is also trash) has atleast $10 in change.
This review is for delivery only.I've been displeased with the normal Indian restaurants I order from in my neighborhood so I decided to try a new place and order at Delhi Heights. I am soo glad I did.As an avid Chicken Tikka Masala fan, I wanted something a little less heavy and vegetables only. I decided to get the spinach with tomato and onion dish - Saag Bhajee and the vegetable curry. OMFG. The Saag Bhajee was sooooo good. I had two helpings. The vegetable curry was very good but the flavor in the Saag definitely superseded it. I ordered from grubhub and the estimated delivery was an hour after I placed the order. In 25-30 minutes the delivery man was at my door. He was so sweet and nice - I should have tipped him more (whats with grubhub's 20% on the non taxed amount? - it should be on the whole taxed amount in my opinion). Oh well, I will DEFINITELY order again (I've got to try the Chicken Tikka Masala) and DEFINITELY tip more bc they are awesome and they deserve it.Only reason I am giving them 4 stars and not 5 is because I need to check out dine in service and order more often. But they were amazing!
Ordered delivery, the delivery driver kept calling me "sir" even after I corrected him.Other than that, the Food was just ok, everything was very dry.
This food is delicious.  I got the Lamb korma and the garlic non bread.  The delivery guy was friendly, too.  Highly recommend.
This place is insanely good! I've had inconsistent Indian food in Bushwick and my boyfriend and I were excited to try our new neighborhood spot. He loves Indian food and he was blown away. The chicken is barbecued and flavorful, and the sauces are perfect. Can't wait to go back!
I love this place. The food is really good and the wait staff is so sweet and friendly. Best part its so cheap! The decor and food is SOOOO good and yet the food is still really affordable.
Delicious! Delicious! Delicious! I decided to order the food for delivery after reading the great reviews here on Yelp. The meals are cooked to perfection. Don't hesitate. Try them and you'll not regret!
The "homemade" iced tea was really just powdered tea mix. Such a disappointment. The food however was quick and certainly "okay".
Pretty good. Quick service. Friendly staff.They aren't skimpy on the portions. Will visit again
Whenever we crave Indian food we always order from here. They give great portion sizes (some places don't and we have tried them all) Also most importantly the Tandoori isn't spicy. My husband loves tandoori but not spicy ones and this was hard to find in certain places.
This place made me so happy :)I placed an order for delivery and before I knew it, he was at my door!The order was completely right and they didn't forget my soda. Which I appreciated.I like that they have almost any indian dish that you could want on their menu. Bonus points for covering all the basics.The chicken tikka masala was delicious! On the sweet side. Which completely works for me.The paratha was perfect and the naan was fluffy and wonderful.Got the gulab jamun too and it was made just the way I like it.They included some complimentary chutneys (THANKS!) which included this one kind of orange-ish one that was sooooo good.This is my new place for indian food. Done.
I always order on seamless... Delivery is fast my favorite dishes is lamb saag special.. It's enough meat and the always send all the sauces... The rice is not packed in the container but they put decorations on it which is a cute accent. My nann always look almost burnt.. It my go to Indian take out restaurant.
My favorite spot for Indian food.Samosas are awesome as well as their curries and everything on the menu
One of the best Indian spots in the neighborhood specifically if you're ordering for delivery or pick up. I always get the tandoori chicken or salmon curry. It's really fresh and perfectly spiced/seasoned. It's also really quick.
For this neighborhood, you literally cannot find better take out/delivery than this place. I get coupons for ordering online which is a great way to keep me coming back for more! I personally really like the curry with mushrooms. The naan is a little more but is oh so worth it. The portions are also really generous so I almost always eat half for dinner then have the rest for lunch at work the next day.
I tried several Indian places when I first moved to this part of Bushwick. Delhi Heights was definitely the best. I order delivery from here often and it is always amazing. I always order the chicken tikka masala, vegetable samosas, and all the sauces. It is always SO good. This is probably some of the best Indian food I've ever had. I will continue to eat here. In fact, I think I'll order some now. Mmmm
I was way pumped on this place and would order delivery every once in a while. But I'm over it. last night pulled out the longest hair from my food was 1 told it was my own hair(im bald) 2 that  they would resend new good food (cause yes i am still hungry after pulling out that nasty ass hair) . called and was told i would only get a refund on the dish with the hair. which is a total crock of sh**. if you want hot dog sh** delivered give them a call.
I never write reviews, but this was the worst encounter with a delivery person I ever had. The delivery was a little late, and I get a call from the delivery person telling me to come downstairs. I say I can't because I hurt my back and it's very difficult for me to walk the stairs, that's why I ordered take out. He hung up on me.  From my video intercom thing I can see he has parked his bike in front of the gate and is walking around with the bag. I call him again, he comes to my front door and refuses to come up stairs, despite me explaining that I am hurt. He responds "But I hurt my back too." He ignores me buzzing him upstairs, and after a few minutes he relents. When he finally gives me my food, he hostilely says "Don't order from here again, you're out of our delivery area" and slams the first door of my entry in my face. For the record, I ordered from Seamless where they can determine their delivery area.
This place is great and very reliable, though I've only ordered take-out and delivery. It's also the best Indian food I've had around this area. The delivery dude always shows earlier than the expected Grubhub delivery time.I usually order the daily special, which is an appetizer and entree + naan and all the spices and condiments you'll ever need. I really like the Alu saag. It really hits the spot.
The customer service is horrible. The delivery person doesn't come upstairs and when you come in the restaurant they don't greet you. They try to force you to buy more food so they can avoid surcharges. I will never order online or go the restaurant again.
The food is prepared decently, nothing out of this world, but their delivery ABSOLUTELY sucks. I've given them more than one chance to pull it together but it's always the same thing - scattered, rude conversation to take the order in the first place, and then I'm waiting for over an hour. This last time I called after an hour and they apparently never even placed the order. No apologies, just 'he's coming he's coming' with no time estimation. After my insistence on knowing the time it would take, they then placed me on hold and apparently forgot I was there. If you're like me, service is REALLY important, and they've simply failed too many times.
This is the third time I have ordered from them via seamless and it's the third time the experience with this restaurant has been awful. All three times they have taken three hours to deliver and the guy doesn't bother to come up the stairs. He calls you and expects you to run to the main door after making you wait hours for your food. The food is cold by the time it gets to you and the taste is extremely average. I am from India and I know my Indian food better than most. The have ordered a number of curry dishes from them and all of it tastes the same which also means tasteless. I will never order from them ever again.
I order delivery from this place on a regular basis.  They have only messed up a few times and they always make things right in the end. Very polite delivery guys and the food has always been consistently good.   Thanks Delhi Heights!
I've been loyal to this place since I moved to Bed Stuy/ Bushwick after trying the others in the area. This place always has fast delivery, a great all-day special, fresh naan and basmati rice. Also, the chicken tikka malasa is fantastic!
I just moved to this neighborhood after getting priced out of cobble hill and I'm exploring the local options. This place is just a few blocks away so I thought it looked like as good as any to try first. The ambiance on a rainy Monday night was quiet and cozy. The seating area was smallish, 8-10 tables, but comfortable. Server was attentive but not overbearing. Not exactly Mr. Personalty but I wasn't there to make friends. I had the meat samosa appetizers, which were a bit on the dry and bland side, but still ok, especially with some of the dipping sauces. I had the lamb korma main, which was really delicious and a larger portion than some of the east village places I've visited. The garlic naan bread was moist and super-yummy. They seemed to be doing a brisk delivery service, at least 2 guys making lots of trips. Not a bad first night out experience in my new neighborhood, I'll definitely be back !
Best indian in the area!! Food was great and delivery was fast and in order! Chicken tikka is my fav. Owner gave us free rice puddings. The location is nice a quiet too.. Perfect for a date. Enjoy!!
Had a take out order 1/24/15, the food arrived in good fashion and as usual the food was very good. Plenty of condiments and nicely packed.
This is a nice littlw spot in the neighborhood that you can dine in or take out or delivery. Very quite and clean. Food is cook to order fresh. So you may wait 10-15 minutes for your order. Nice place to eat.
Quick delivery. Food was delicious. I ordered the chicken Malai, Shrimp Saag, Poori, Mango Lassi and Mango Juice.  Everything was cooked to my spice level, hot and ready to eat.
I was skeptical about finding decent Indian food in bed stuy. I've had some very tasteless food from other restaurants as of late. I was about to leave out the store to get peruvian instead but my husband was tired and insisted that we stay. Hats off to a great decision.  The customer service was great.  They were friendly and even treated us to a sample dessert while we waited. Yes, I know...service isnt everything.  How was the food you wonder? It was fantastic.  There was so much flavor.  It was the best garlic Naan I've had in years. We also ordered lamb bhuna and chicken chana. The lamb was very tender and the sauces they were cooked in were so decadent.  I hid the leftovers deep in the back of the fridge in hopes my husband would forget they were there. Luckily he doesnt read my reviews ;-) I just finished the last of the leftovers for breakfast.  Yeah, I said it. I ate leftover Indian food for breakfast.  I am not ashamed, I heated it up, unlike the pizza my son grabbed. I live in queens and I'm trying to make up a reason to go back to bklyn so I can get lunch there. So happy to find a place that knows how to season their food.
Fast delivery and food is okay. My only gripe is the delivery guys. They are like Nazis. You tip what you can and they are always so ungrateful and even rude sometimes.
Disappointing. Took 2 hours to deliver and when it finally arrived it was cold. Beef was super dry in the Biryani. Two stars to give them the benefit of the doubt that if it arrived hot it might've tasted better.
Ordered delivery on a cold Friday night.  It took a little longer than the 30 minutes listed on the website.  But once the food arrived, it was well worth the wait! The food was delicious!  One more reason to not have to leave the great borough of Brooklyn!
With a voyage for the Nepali food in the New York, I found this restaurant which was as if like mission accomplished. The ambiance was really cozy and the waiters were friendly as well. However, the food was not that WOW; good though. I will be happy to go back again.
I've been delivering through delivery.com and they have been consistently delivering good Indian food within a short timeframe. The chicken vindaloo was spicy and delicious. I've never been let down with any of the food I've ordered here.
Hands down the best Indian delivery in Bedstuy. I've tried them all, most of them are ok to a couple of really bad options (scary flashback). Needless to say I usually don't ever re-order from any of them. So It's been a hot minute since my last Indian binge and I was hankering for a spicy party in my mouth. I decided to give Deli Heights a try and boy was I glad I did! Their food is like a spicy, colorful Indian wedding reception dancing with bursts of joy in my mouth. Exactly what I needed and desired on this  chill and chilly night -- Chicken chili curry, shag ponir and garlic naan. It was amazeballs and I want to eat it all, but I won't--I can't...ahhh it was so good though.
The delivery service is awesome.  When you call to place your order, it's a bit difficult to understand the guy.  He was asking me what soda I wanted and I did not understand what he was saying, so I said, anyone, he gave me Pepsi.The food is very tasty, My fave is the chicken tikka masala,  the curry lunch box is ok as we'll.I love that there is an Indian restaurant in the area, i will order from them always.
The service is good and most of the people that work there are really nice. But the food is just ok to me. While I would not call their dishes unpalatable by any means, I think it misses the mark on Indian food. . I just think of it as an alternative to  Spanish, Chinese, Crown Fried Chicken, or Soul Food in the neighborhood.
Best Indian Food in NYC. I don't know what the people complaining about the delivery service are talking about... Maybe they live miles away and habitually don't tip. I usually get my meal before I'm fully prepared to go downstairs and get it.    The Chicken Tikka Masala is the best, but I've been trying to eat more vegetarian, and the veggie dishes are also amazing, especially eggplant bharla (don't let its appearance fool you). Get a mango lassi, too.    I've also dined-in, and the service is great unless you get off on over-formality. The people are very nice and the service super fast, but maybe they are a little distracted... by the great Bollywood dance numbers always on the flatscreen!
I ordered from Delhi Heights and was told the delivery would take 30-40 minutes. An hour later, I called and asked if my order was on its way yet. The (pretty rude) guy on the phone told me that it was already on its way and should be there momentarily. 20 minutes later, I called again to ask about the same order. He told me the delivery guy had just called him and that it would be there in 5 or 6 minutes. After ANOTHER 15 minutes I called again and told the same guy that the food still hadn't arrived, and asked about any potential discount. He told me that he couldn't do that because I already had my food, but that I could get a discount next time. After explaining that no, I did not have my food, and that I would not be ordering again, he hung up on me. I called back after another few minutes to cancel the order, to which he said "Fine" and hung up.Lo and behold, 10 minutes later, nearly 2 hours after I ordered, the food shows up. The restaurant had never told the poor delivery guy that we cancelled the order.The service was incredibly rude over the phone, and I suppose I can't rate the food, given that after nearly 2 hours of waiting, I gave up and ordered from somewhere else. Will definitely not be ordering from here again.
When I lived in Bushwick I ordered from here once every couple of weeks. I'm moving back soon and am already dreaming about being able to get DH delivery again! They were usually pretty timely, and only got faster once I became a regular customer (+ always tipped, that probably helped.) Anywhere from 15-45 minute range. They messed up my order one time, but came back half an hour after I called to correct it. I can't say much about the breadth of their menu, since my orders were pretty consistent, but their naan was always large/soft/just chewy enough. Good portions and their sauce variety (cilantro/red onion chutneys, yogurt) was SO GOOD. Nowhere around me now includes dipping sauce, even when asked :( (Do put a note in your order that you'd like the sauces though - if I asked, they always sent it, but the first few times that I ordered without knowing to ask it was hit or miss.)
If you want great wonderful Indian food in a nice and peaceful restaurant, this is the place! Their Samosas are very good, not too spicy, and their entrees don't take too long to make, yet with taste of quality.
The chicken tikka biryani, chicken tikka masala, vindaloo chicken curry and chilli chicken are all good. The mango lassi is also a good beverage that is kind of like a dessert in itself. I have eaten at the restaurant a number of times and the atmosphere was quiet, which is nice, but the service could be better. The plus side is that the restaurant appeared to be clean. Since there are not any great options for Indian food in the Bushwick, Brooklyn area, when I crave Indian food, I am left with Delhi Heights, where I order for delivery service more often than actually going to the restaurant because it's more convenient for me and the delivery time is quick. Now for the things that Delhi Heights can improve on are their samosas because they were rather dry and lacked good seasoned flavor. Their tandoori BBQ chicken and/or lamb dishes are also dry, possibly over-cooked and do not have that delicious Indian seasoning. On a positive note, I recommend any of their chicken vindaloo/masala/madras curries, chicken tikka biryani and their chilli chicken. Also, their white basmati rice is cooked perfectly.Another thing that I dislike is that I wish that whoever is tending to packing the delivery orders would grant my online note requests to add extra dipping sauces with my delivery order, such as, the green sauce, red onions and red sauce. Otherwise, they should by default put at least two of each of their dipping sauces per entree or dish ordered because they usually only put enough dipping sauces for one person in the delivery order that is meant for two or three people.Overall, this is a pretty good Indian restaurant in comparison to the other Indian restaurants I've tried in the Bushwick, Brooklyn area.
There are some foods that NYC just doesn't do well and, unfortunately, finding good Indian food while far from impossible seems to be one of the more challenging cuisines to find.  While this place was far from terrible, I agree with a few of the comments who said the food was bland.  I ordered the kati chicken, chicken pakora and naan.  Nothing really stood out except the rude service.  I'm not from New York and I've often been told I have to calibrate my standard of service to account for typical NY rudeness I won't do it, so Delhi Heights gets no breaks.  The gentleman who rang me up was rude and playing with his phone while I ordered.  No one said hi when I walked in..and there was only one other gentleman at the table. Most Indian restaurants I've been to have offered superlative service no regardless of how the food was. With that being said, given the mediocre food and terrible service I wouldn't recommend Delhi Heights.  I'm sure you can get better food somewhere else, even if the food is on par with Delhi Heights I'm positive your business will be better appreciated elsewhere.
I really like this place. I live near by and get to enjoy it pretty regularly. My favorite dish so far is the chicken makhani. The curry is also very good and the garlic naan is great and never dry. It's always moist and steamed when it arrives which I like. Great place to eat!
Great Indian food hard to come by in BK in my experience, usually gotta to the city or queens. But this was great. Nice people, good service, great food, reasonable prices.
I'm not sure where to begin writing about my horrible experience. I ordered take from here earlier today. I called the restaurant TWICE to enquire about extra gravy with their dishes. Most restaurants charge for extra gravy so I called them to confirm. I was told there was no charge for the gravy. So, I placed an order online on their website for 2 entree dishes with instructions "SPICY AND EXTRA GRAVY" for delivery. 20 minutes after I placed my order, I called the restaurant to find out the status of my food wondering if it was ready I can just pick it up myself rather than having it delivered. When I asked for the status, the person starts to give me a lecture about when the order was placed and how it's only been 20 mins and it takes at least 40 mins for delivery. I was looking for a simple answer,  YES or NO, so I could pick up the food as I was going to be passing thru the area. It made sense to pick up the food rather than waiting for it be delivered. Nonetheless, I showed up to pick the food. I asked the same persom that had picked up the phone if they had added extra gravy, he tells me they charge extra for it. I ASKED HIM IF HE REMEMBERED ME CALLING AND INQUIRING ABOUT IT, HE DENIED. Then, he tells me I didn't tell them that I wanted extra gravy. Before I could even reply, he picked up the online order and saw for himself that the order did indeed say "SPICY AND EXTRA GRAVY". Anyway, I bring the food home and as I start eating it, it turns out BOTH THE ENTREES ARE NOT SPICY, INFACT THEY WERE SWEET AND LACKED ANY SPICE AT ALL. Since, I had paid for the food I had no other option than just to eat it and now I feel I ate a dessert in a form of an entree.
Can I give 10 stars?? I was highly impressed with their food. The Chicken Tikka Marsala was awesome! I couldn't get enough of it, so I went back and purchased another order for take out. The chicken was very tender and the tomato cream sauce, incredible! The rice was super good, seems like they mixed spices and coconut in it. Needless to say, I will be back. Oh, and they gave me a sample of a creamy dessert that tastes similar to rice pudding. I'm not sure of the name, but it was good too. Overall, I give them 5 stars!
I've ordered from Delhi Heights 5 times so far, and have had positive experiences each time.  The delivery is fast, and the food is really fresh and tasty.  Their rice is nearly perfect, everything is tasty, and the prices are right. We've also ordered with friends from other neighborhoods, and they were totally impressed also.  Finally a place I can rely on for fresh honest food and delivery in BedStuy!PS: Regarding the negative reviews below.  If you have one bad experience, and it's specific to an individual, don't leave a low star rating that will harm the entire restaurant permanently.  Stuff happens.  Give them another few chances and then make your decision.
This place is great- all the food is awesome. Delivery is pretty quick and reliable. But sometimes they kinda skimp you on certain things. Like the cheese in the saag paneer, and the dumplings in the malai kofta.
Ordered delivery, which took 1 hour 20 minutes to arrive to my building on a Sunday at 2 pm.  When the delivery guy showed up to the building, he kept ringing the buzzer even though I was buzzing him through.  He finally called my cell phone and asked me to come down to pick up the food from the front of the building because he didn't want to leave his bike unattended.  I went down to meet him, but he wouldn't give me my food! He kept going on and on about his bike and at that point I'm hungry and just want to sign for my food!  Just seemed like a strange delivery process... The actual food is ok. I got vegetarian samosas which were *extremely* salty. Also ordered the chana masala and shaag ponir which were both alright.  Don't know if I would order them again.  Honestly, the best part of the order was the rice and 8 different sauces which came with the order.  All the other reviews rave about this place... so maybe I just caught them on an off day.
The food was great and plentiful. Fast and professional delivery. The food arrived hot and well packaged and in tact. I would highly recommend Delhi heights.
The Indian food in this neighborhood is sub par. My husband is from India and I will admit we are kinda picky.....not too much oil, the chicken can't taste like rubber ect... Not only was Delhi Heights super fast, but EVERYTHING we got was amazing. I ate it all!!! So happy to have found an amazing Indian rest. in Bushwick!
Ok my delivery time was fine . I got it in less then a hr. Which is cool. They have to cook the food hello. Food is very good. Hot and spicy. I can't even finish my plate this food is on point
Would recommend everybody to try. Had the chicken and pineapple curry. Planning on ordering here more frequently. Great quality food for great price.
Great food! Curry Salmon never disappoints. Delivered in no time. Actually saved me from a particularly trying experience with dominos pizza during the same evening. Thanks Delhi Heights!
Quick delivery. Good naan but the chicken tikka masala was missing flavor. My roommate liked her dish though.
Tried to order online, something went wrong with the system. Called to confirm, guy says it didn't go through and because of that, he tried to make me pay twice when I'm looking at my bank account and it says that the money was taken out. Finally get my food after an hour or so. It was not what I expected because the menu gives a brief description. One item said it came WITH bread so I expected to see some bread, not chunks of break lost in a pile of chick peas. Thought I was getting sautéed spinach and chicken but got a bowl of some red stuff with little and I mean little, green spinach pieces and chunks of chicken. Tasted both, didn't trust what I was eating because it was always lost in something.  Ate a little and my stomach felt weird. I threw it out. Eventually I waited till morning so I could get a muffin from Dunkin Donuts.Not to be mean but I had to keep it real. I like to try things at least once and I so wanted to like the food. (I was hungry, man. Waited an hour. I wanted to grub.)This was my first time trying the place. I walk by it every day but never really saw anyone. Only a few people every couple of days. Always wondered why. Welp. Won't wonder anymore -__-
Food taste different and not in a good way. I ordered my usual chicken curry and was so disappointed. The curry didn't taste like curry at all. It was extremely orange in color and oddly sweet. I'm thinking maybe Delhi has changed chefs or is using different recipes? Either way I will not be ordering from them in the future.
The dansak curry is fantastic, been happy with just about everything we've ordered, though the vindaloo (which I usually love) is not particularly inspiring. Delivery has always been on time, we've only had food delivered so can't speak to ambiance of the restaurant itself
I must say I've never been in the restaurant. I've only ordered online and it's amazing! The food is great. I give it five stars, the delivery is about 30-45mins. So hopefully you aren't already starving when you order. I've had the lunch box special  (seafood salmon) and for a good price you get a lot. If you want a full meal (authentic basmati rice, naan bread, onions, sauces) and happen to miss the lunch box special (12pm-4pm) order off the Daily Special menu, great variety of choices for their dinner size, which includes the same things as the Lunch Box Special. Once again I love the food. Best in Brooklyn
This place is great!  A nice little sit down Indian restaurant in Bed Stuy. The ambiance here was nice, and the service was fantastic!  The pace was just right.  We didn't feel rushed, nor did we feel like we had to wait too long for anything.  My wife and I ordered and appetizer (Ka-Chories) that was delicious!  A blend of sweet, savory, and spicy that really set the meal off right.For an entree I got the Chana Masala, which was fantastic.  The side of garlic Naan went well with it.  My wife got the Tandori Red Snapper and it was perfect!  It was a whole fish that was freshly grilled with a side of spinach.  Perfectly spiced, and tasted fresh. The Gulab Jamon for desert was tasty, as was the Mango Lasi. This is definitely going to be a regular spot for us from now on.
This is the best Indian food I've ever had in NYC and I am including not just take-out store fronts but all the sit-down places I've been to on Indian row and that place with all the crazy fucking lights (Milon)They have never fucked up my order, not even once, and I've ordered from this place dozens upon dozens of times. I looked up my grubhub history and I look like a crazy person sometimes ordering lunch and then dinner (on the same day) and often ordering from them 2 or 3 times the same week.Aside from me being able to rave about the food (except one miss, their ice cream was more like a frostbitten/melted-then-refrozen mess) they ALWAYS come in the window of time they claim the food will be delivered (though sometimes it's even earlier if you don't order something like their salmon, which I am a big fan of.)PROS - LUNCH SPECIALSCONS- confusing descriptions of menu items
Only dined here once and the food was delicious and authentic. Small restaurant but located on a quiet block. I came on a Sunday with my boyfriend and the place was empty. Normally I would be hesitant but it was a nice experience to have a restaurant to ourselves. I just assumed most ppl ordered for delivery - if I lived near by I would too!
The food is tasty.  Considering the long wait I am forced to think everything is fresh.  Service is soso.
Pretty good food an a nice quite place to enjoy it in they don't serve liquor but they have a B.Y.O.B policy that sealed the deal for me, for those who don't know what that means its bring your own bottle
Since moving to the neighborhood 6 months or so ago I've eaten here about a dozen times (Yep, we're Indian fans). The delivery is reliable and relatively fast. The food is always fresh and warm. There have been a few times they have forgotten parts of the order (never anything major, usually the sodas or sauces). I've had a number of different dishes and they are always on point. Good spice level and they will kick it up if you request. The range of breads are good too. My only complaint is that there have been several times I've bitten into a samosa and gotten a huge chunk of anise star. This is so disgusting (I love anise flavor and see why it should be in there, but when you get a mouth full of potent woody root it fouls the meal). So please please please, grind it up more and pay attention to these chunks!! If it wasn't for that, I'd give 5 stars. On the bright side, at least this means I can assume they are making their dishes and samosas from scratch which is lovely.
This place was awful they did not get my order correctly and wouldn't return it. They put me on the run around over the phone and lied to me a bunch. Only go here if you feel like being treated poorly. This is the first bad review I have ever written and was definitely deserved.  Never ever go here management is awful.
I ordered the Shrimp Pakora...first the quantity of shrimp was scarce about 4 in the small tin container with 4 onion rings. Shrimp and onion taste okay for the most part. 1 shrimp and 1 onion ring were burnt to the point they were inedible. Banana Pakora was okay...bananas tasted okay but the batter was soggy and bland. That day left a very bad impression because it was obvious no kind of care went in to making the food. That was the first and last time I ordered the Banana Pakora and Shrimp Pakora. The Minced Meat Samosas are usually very good but there was one time that I ordered them and they were almost unbearable because the cook was heavy handed with the clove to the point that I couldn't taste any of the other flavors. The Dildar Curry is good but the description is misleading, "cooked with pineapples". I expected chunks of pineapples in my curry, not one was in there. They must truly cook the curry with the pineapple core to develop some kind of flavor and then take it out (of course I don't know how they make it, half sarcasm, half trying to figure out the whole cook with pineapples thing). The Naan is good and so is the Mango Lassi. Overall the only appetizer I feel comfortable ordering is the samosa since I had more good than bad experiences. I will try the Vindaloo, Masala, and some other dishes in the near future and keep you guys posted.
Most of the negative reviews are about their delivery service. I have only eaten in the restaurant, which is clean and comfortable. Food is great and owner is wonderful when you get to know him. Go in and sit down instead of eating on your couch! Well worth the trip.
Just moved to the area from park slope.  I've been underwhelmed by the dining options in my new nabe, but thank god for Delhi Heights!  Their portions are HUGE and the food is on par with the better Indian places in the city.  I've ordered both lunch and dinner specials which come with Naan, rice, and several sauces.  , It is definitely a great bang for your buck (I had enough food for dinner, lunch and then some!)  Both times I alled and  picked up the food so I can't speak to the wait service or delivery service.
I just moved to the neighborhood and this is literally around the corner.  I have been twice and done pick up, so I can't speak for their delivery. I have ordered the Tandoori Chicken twice, and love the portion size and the rice is fluffy. Makes great leftovers. The people were really nice that I dealt with, and he has provided me with a free dessert both times. I will definitely be a regular.
Food was amazing!! We had the chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, lentil soup, and samosas. We brought our own bottle of wine (love byob!) and the service was great. Awesome Bollywood films/music playing (I hate it hearing Top 40 while I eat so this was a relief). I haven't tried delivery but definitely recommend this place for eat in or pick-up. Some of the best Indian food I've had in NYC. Oh and the final bill? $31. Need I say more?
We just ordered from grub hub.... Let me just say .... Best Indian Food In Brooklyn...Fast Delivery and Great Portions Couldn't finish my meal :)
When you're starving, and you order from a place that says it'll take 30-45 minutes, you're bummed, but you'll wait it out. When you still haven't gotten your food nearly 2 hours later, you start getting pissed. The person who answers the phone is extremely rude. They don't give you any sort of compensation for their bad timing, and the food is bland. I would not recommend this place at all to anyone. It's horrible service. Horrible food. Horrible people.
I'm really surprised that anyone would give this place above 2 or 3 stars. The food is edible but honestly that's about it. It's an abomination to call this Indian food... it vaguely resembles Indian food and the names suggest it is but that's where it ends. There is no attempt to actually get the spices right and there is the absolute attempt to satisfy the american palate by loading up the food with butter and/ or salt. It's a shame that some diners may come away thinking that is what Indian food is.I've ordered the paneer tikka masala and the saag paneer. Both dishes are overloaded with cream and butter (saag panner should be more green than yellow!) and the paneer is obviously not made fresh.  The samosas and pakoras are okay but heavily salted.  Agree with a previous comment that the best thing about this place is the complimentary sauces/ chutneys that come with the food. But I mean, c'mon.. if that's the best thing about the place, then it's really not worth getting the food.I've ordered from here 3 times hoping there would be a dish that would change my mind... nope. Never again.
I've been returning to Delhi Heights and making sure to get the Chicken Tikka Masala Medium to add a little kick as well as garlic naan. Fantastic meal indeed!
i've ordered the lunch special + veggie samosas 3 times from grubhub. it is always:- delivered right on time or even early (YAY)- pretty delicious- $13- enough food for two mealsi tried a few local indian delivery places before i found this one, and this was by far the best. i haven't had anything but the veggie special but that has never disappointed!
The food here is great and so is the warm service. I went here after a craving one late night and I was def satisfied... I will be back. I hope that they do not change.
one of the rare places that is delicious and reliable in the food desert of bedstuy.  The $12 special is enough food for 2 people and they have plenty of familiar options for both the app and main portions of it (free naan, sauces etc).  They deliver too.
This place is great!! First time going. Got the mushroom/beef curry with a side of the garlic nann. Some of the best Indian i've had in a while. My girlfriend and I were the only ones there (eating in) but a few people got takeout while we were eating. The food was really great and it was very cheap. The bill was around $25 and we got very good portions. I'd recommend Delhi Heights to anyone who likes good Indian. The service was good although the waiter was a little quiet. Other than that, I am coming back here as soon as possible... probably tomorrow!!!
I ordered pickup so I definitely won't have the same experience as these negative reviewers.  I made my first order ever using yelp's ordering app. That was very cool, paying in advance and everything.  For a Saturday night,  my food was ready in no time.  I called when I got there 2 mins later to let them know I'm parked outside and check to see if they received  order and they  were already working on it.  I'm impressed by the speed of it all. The guy had me verify my phone number gave me my hot food and sent me on my merry way.  My samosas and chicken tikka masala were hot and delicious, still, by the timeb I got home. The only thing is when ordering samosas, I don't understand why they gave me chicken.  I thought the default samosa is veggie no? And I got two orders thinking I was getting two samosas but one order comes with two, which I wish was specified somewhere. Veggie vis ny favorite but it was still very tasty.  Love the convenience of it being walking distance to my house.
I really enjoyed the food from here.  The best was the shrimp pakora. The broth was incredible. I highly recommend this place. The only downfall was how long it took to get delivered.
I've eaten there. The food was okay, though the ambience was gauche. My wife liked the lamb that I took back home for her.  The take out experience SUCKED!  I was told my food would arrive in 30 minutes. It took an hour. The only thing that the delivery person could say was "Please sign here, sir."  No apology. No responsibility.  I don't even know why I gave him the piddling tip I did.  I will not order from them again.  And now I see that they have had delivery problems in the past.  Take heed!
The quality of the food is good. However, they are extremely unpleasant to deal with for deliveries. An hour after food was supposed to arrive, I called to inquire. They said: you're too far and hung up. I called back, they said the order would be there in 10 minutes. 30 minutes later the delivery still hadn't arrived. When I called back they said I'd ordered through Seamless, which would take awhile, and that if I wanted to make a phone order it could be there in 20 minutes. Clearly, my address wasn't too far, it was just too far if I ordered through Seamless. The food finally arrived cold, some 2 hours later than the initial estimate. There was no apology, no credit, just a lot of nastiness and yelling - and I have been a regular customer for several years. I wouldn't be writing this if it had been the first time it happened. But it's been happening systematically - four out of the last five orders. I will not be ordering with them again.
To truly enjoy Delhi Heights is to sit down and have a meal in the restaurant, you lazy bums from Manhattan.  Hell, this is bed stuy! you are lucky to find a place that delivers.   Most of the complaints have to do with how long it takes them to deliver the food, so get off your butt and go down there.  Better yet, take a load off with linen tablecloths and napkins and the warm hospitality of the owners.  It is really a treat.  I love the meat samosas and the shrimp tandoori. Thanks Delhi Heights and continue to do things in your own time. At least these bums are not complaining about the food!
LOVE having a local great tasting Indian spot around the corner.  I've eaten in the restaurant which was really cool.  Neat lights and interesting Bollywood clips playing.  Pretty authentic.  We have also gotten pick up.  I love the samosas and rice dishes.  The masalas pretty great too.  Haven't had anything I didn't like here.  Def recommend!
After passing by for oh so long, I finally decided to dine at Delhi Heights on Saturday April 13th. My wife and I, and another couple dined in the small but cozy dining room. We were the only dine-in patrons at the time (early afternoon). The food was served in a reasonable period of time. My wife ordered Tandoori Chicken, as did our friends who shared their plate. I ordered Curried Chicken. We also ordered a side of Naan Bread and this really crispy bread made from Lentils (can't remember the name). Our friends also ordered two Mango Lassi drinks (made with yogurt). A dish of rice was served to the whole table. Rice pudding was served for dessert.The food was good, not too spicy. The total tab for four people was under $40.Bollywood musicals play continuously on the large flat panel TV. We all enjoyed ourselves. The staff was friendly and attentive. We would not hesitate to eat there again. I highly recommend Delhi Heights!
I was really looking forward to eating at this place one night, but I was denied to dine in. I believe it was about 8:47 pm on a freezing cold night and the waiter told me that even though they were not going to close for another two hours I was not allowed eat inside the restaurant. Does anyone know why this happened? Do most restaurants only allow customers to order their food to-go two hours before they close? I am just a little confused.
I love this restaurant. Everything is cooked from scratch and fresh. I believe they are from the Bengali area, and the local specialties are the best. Particularly good are any spinach dish, especially the chani shaag (with chickpeas), the ground lamb kebab (appetizer and entree), the tandoori, the chicken curry with pineapple, and the alu paratha (bread stuffed with potato). Don't bother with the chicken tikka masala -- it's just kind of blah. The restaurant is also quite an attractive spot with white tablecloths, and the service is extremely friendly and attentive. So happy to have an affordable option with fresh, not frozen, vegetables nearby.
I just ordered food from here and it's been over two hours when it was suppose to be 45 minutes, and it still hasn't arrived. They didn't even get in contact until I gave a call half an hour ago. They said they were on their way but who knows.
Delhi Heights was wonderful. Fresh food. Solid service with a smile. Great addition to the neighborhood.  Shrimp tandoori came to the table sizzling in style. A real delight for the senses. The meat samosas were also very, very good. No bar, but feel free to trek across the street and bring in a beer from the bogeda-decent selection.
EXCELLENT!!! needs 10 STARS!!! Today 3/2/13 I placed an order online @ 7:01pm and it was "supposed" to be ready by 7:30pm at 7:15pm the delivery guy calls me and tells me that he's out front...WOW THAT WAS FAST!!! The food was SO DELICIOUS!!! The Chicken Tikka Masala tasted SUPERB!!! and the Lamb Vindaloo was PERFECTION it had just the right amount of Heat/Spicyness to it.  I have been waiting for an Indian Restaurant to open up in Bed-Stuy for 8 years!!!! FINALLY MY PRAYERS HAVE BEEN ANSWERED!!!! Delicious Food and Fast Delivery Service!!! SOLD!!!
Soooo, I live in very close proximity to this restaurant. I am not a fan of trying different foods BUT this Indian food right here, is on point. I have tried several dishes and I would say 99.05% of the time I have been completely satisfied. There has been a time when my bread (I forget which one it is) was too well done. And once I had the mango chutney and it tasted sorta spoiled. Not sure how it's supposed to taste since I had never had it before. I normally get Chicken Tikka (no masala because I'm not a huge fan of the sauce) or fresh shrimp. Freaking Delish every single time. I have also tried the chili chicken and chicken korma. I am a play it safe eater and those were the dishes that I deemed wouldn't be too spicy, or too exotic tasting lol. In any event, I have eaten their food from the start and I have loved it every time with the exception of that once with the bread. I will never hesitate to order from them!
As a resident of Bed-Stuy, I welcomed a new restaurant option in my neighborhood. My family ordered from the restaurant several times since it opened and the food was pretty good. However, I had a terrible experience there this week. I ordered for delivery on Monday and used my bank card to pay. The person who took my order explained that his credit card machine was down and that he would charge my card the next day. 2 days later my bank contacted me to check for fraud because there were 54 charges to my account for the original amount of my meal totally over &1700!! The bank was initially only willing to credit the charges to my account if the restaurant contacted the bank to reverse the charges. So I called the restaurant and explained what happened, thinking we could work this out no problem. Boy was I wrong! The people I spoke to on the phone claimed that they had not made any charges because their credit card machine was not working. They played totally dumb about how to resolve the issue and pretty much refused to take any action. I was subsequently able to get a full credit to my account but only after over an hour on the phone with my bank in he middle of my work day. All Delhi Heights had to do was to reverse the charges on their end but they refused and acted like they had no responsibility at all. That is no way to run a service business. I will not be giving them my business again.
