Best food around.  Everything is super fresh.  Very clean & it's a well run establishment!  They deliver right to your hotel room & wait time is exactly what they say it will be.
Delicious food at good prices and they delivered to our JFK Airport hotel in a crazy snowstorm!  Had the goat curry, chix tikka masala, palak paneer, Amritsari chole, veg biryani, naan.  All still warm and delicious and way more than enough for the 5 of us.  Plus homemade ras malai for dessert - couldn't ask for more!
I just came back from here with my boyfriend.  The food is great.  Like REALLY good.  We had the chicken tikka masala, chicken biryyani, and chili chicken.  The food was flavorful and well- spiced.  The kheer was surprisingly good.  Usually kheer is the same wherever I go, but this one was so rich and flavorful.  I can't wait to come back the next time I'm in Queens!
Ordered chicken tikki masala was sent chicken vindaloo, they didn't give us spoons or forks when I called up a man identified himself as "Samy" said next time he will make sure it's correct. A day later we ordered again & asked for "Samy", only to be told by 2 different people no one works there with that name (he gave me a BS name). I placed an order they forgot the raita I PAID for, the chutney that comes with both meals I ordered, and AGAIN NO FORKS OR SPOONS. The delivery man came here without a pen for me to sign the credit card slip & tried to take off with my pen, and when I called up the place "Samy" didn't care and was rude. So mad I was charged for something I didn't receive!! NEVER EVER AGAIN!!!! Also, this neighborhood has a lot of excellent Indian restaurant why go to this one?
My favorite local Indian place, with authentic Punjabi cuisine. I get lunch from here a few times per week, and we pick-up dinner at least one a week. My BF is Punjabi and this is his favorite place (aside from home) to eat Punjabi food. The Shahi Paneer, Masala Fish combo, kheer, and veg. samosas are our favorites. The masala chai is perfection!!! The place is very clean, staff is friendly, and food is delicious. You get a lot of food for the price. They seem to take very long to prepare the food (it is freshly made, even the chai). I suggest ordering your food and giving them 25+ min for pick-up during quiet hours, and 45+ minutes on nights and weekends.
Went here with my father and I would have to say don't judge a book by its cover. The place looks a little different than what I'm typically used to when going for Indian but we decided to give it a go after the reviews. The food has perfect flavor although it comes to you on a plastic plate with a plastic fork. This place is definitely good to try.
I've only ever ordered delivery but it sure is delicious! Solid, tasty food and the extra star is for them being on eat24 and seamless. It takes a bit of time but the food tastes fresh so no complaints there. The only thing I've been disappointed in is the palak paneer - too creamy and bland. The delivery guy is rather surly but whatevs - they deliver within the stated time and the food is packaged neatly. Dal makhni and veg samosas are musts!
Food is great but take-out takes to long they need a bigger staff or a bigger place. Chicken Tikka masal is amazing here......
We came from Philadelphia to catch a flight from JFK I have to say the best food I have had after a long time it was amazing fresh and great service the interior was cute also
This is a small place near JFK Airport. Me and my friend were really hungry from a 3 hour journey. It was a cold rainy day.We came and ordered Paneer Achari Tikka, Kadai Paneer and Chicken Achari Tikka combo plates. It was really awesome. The combo plate contains Dal Makhani, Salad and Rice/Naan. Usually the free sides won't taste that good in other restaurants, but here it was exceptionally good.Still wondering why only the 4 star but not 5? Well the Mango Lassi was horrible :)
Thank you so much for the amazing experience of eating your food! Your staff is so welcoming that its impossible to not wish to return soon. The naan is the softest I've had, the butter naan is tasty and could be eaten alone. The butter chicken is to die for... I haven't had such a rich taste of butter chicken in years... since eating at a place in flushing almost 10 years ago... and this one is boneless, so I could really enjoy it! Such a tiny place, I never saw it, but I wish them the best and thank them for the good quality of the food they serve.
We were stuck in an airport hotel during snow storm and flight cancellation, and ordered lunch in from Chawla's. It was excellent! We ordered the salmon tikka combo, which was tasty, just a small portion of salmon and the palak paneer, which was one of the best I've had. It really hit the spot on an otherwise disappointing day.
Amazing! Owner and staff are very nice. Restaurant was clean. Service was quick. Food was superb. Hard to beat and I've had a lot of Indian food.
Food is made fresh daily and very delicious mutton masala and mutton birani is my fav!!!!
Great Homely food..Worth the price I paid at least..My trip to NY with family, and a miserable search for Good Indian Food was worth the efforts we put to find out about Chawla's .. Next trip to NY and for sure having food delivery from here
Went there because I was close to JFK and and it had great reviews. Does not disappoint-- absolutely delicious and authentic, reasonably priced and kind, friendly service. Highly recommend!
I found this restaurant on yelp and since I live near by it was very convenient. The store was very clean and had enough seats to dine in. The man that took my order was very nice and explained meal items as I asked. I ordered the Paneer Tika and got Chicken Tika for my husband. I loved how the food was seasoned and the amount of spice. I picked up the food and just opening up the box made my mouth water. I will order again.
I came I here one day on my break from work. I had the tikka masala w butter naan and it was very good! Reminds me of the food I had while in India so I have to say it's pretty authentic. If you are near JFK come check it out! It's good stuff.
Haven't had better north indian food anywhere in the US. This is a must try - i got the pani puri and butter chicken combo and they were DELICIOUS.
The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because delivery took over an hour. But the food was great and I'll definitely order from them again! I had the tandoori chicken combo with naan bread and lentils. The chicken was juicy and delicious! The sauce was a tiny bit sweet which I liked. They give a very generous portion of naan bread which was soft and fluffy, also very good. The lentils were cooked perfectly and the sauce had just the right amount of spice that it wasn't overwhelming.
I got the chicken Tikka combo which came with Dhal and naan bread. It was very filling and I'd definitely eat here again. The samosas were good, but a little on the greasy side. It was pretty affordable and the gentleman I spoke with over the phone was very kind.
Awesome food! I ordered the chicken biryani, samosas, and butter chicken. Food was fresh and tasted great, plus delivery arrived exactly when they said it would.
This is the best Indian food that delivers in this area, but that's not saying too much.The food is consistently good, and consistently not great, and it's a little bit on the expensive side. If you want Indian delivery, you should probably order here and cough up the extra money.
Amazing food! Im from jersey and can never find good indian food by me. Traveled to NY to finally find great authentic indian cuisine. Hard to find indian food let alone fresh quality food and at these prices its unbelievable. Got the chicken tikka masala, amazing flavor, huge portion and low price! Plus the atmosphere is so nice, owner is sweetest guy and the staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. Cant wait till they expand and come to Jersey but until then its worth the drive! :)
Amazing and very unique Indian food. Def try the chili chicken. Mango Lassi is awesome too.
Great food nestled in South ozone Park. Definitely a winner. Dal is super nice and the rest of the menu a winner too.
the wait is horrendous. The guy gave me raw naan and still took too long. Rice should be included, you shouldnt have to pay extra. I tried to delivery and the lady said they stop doing deliveries for the day, so why is it open then? Food decent but not the service.
Great food. Nice ambience. Great service. Goat meat was amazing. Amritsari fish was great.
This food is probably the best Indian food I've had. It tastes like it's homemade and really hits the spot when you're craving food from the motherland. The keema naan is indescribably amazing and the tandoori fish hits the spot. Can't get enough of this place, you're missing out if you haven't eaten the food here yet.
I'm giving this place 5 stars not only for the food but the entire ambience and coursey of the staff. Even some loyal customers I'm sure who were ordering where kind and asking if I needed help in ordering from the menu.  This is a nice little place if you are looking for good home cooking indian food.  I order the butter chicken combo, marsala shrimp and curry chicken not all for me but my guest both enjoyed their meal as it was their first time eating indian food.  Everything was nice and fresh and delicious.  I also order the samosas withich was big and spicy and good;  I knew I wanted chaat but I couldn't remember the name of sweet chaat and ended up getting samosas chaat which to me was the same dish (no wonder the waiter looked at me strange) but both side dishes was delicious. I couldn't eat all of the side dishes but the main dishes were all eaten up.   I will definitely be going back here and I can't wait to try the Papri Chaat and their other dishes that looks scrumpious on their web flash.
