Excellent food! I didn't go to the restaurant but ordered for  delivery and it was really delicious. It is besides very cheap and you have more than enough to be full. I have tasted the rice puolo chicken which is very good (and spicy), mixed vegetables, chicken 6pcs (delicious) and the chicken leg tandoori. I do recommend this place!
Amazing food, great service, and clean environment. Can't go wrong with yummy authentic food like this!! Second day in a row with my family and we're loving it!!The food caters to meat eaters and vegetarian. It's halal and fresh!!
Walked in here randomly because it looked good from outside. Really delicious food! We had the Chicken Tikka, Butter Chicken, Kababs, Eggplant, Dal, Roti, Naan and Veggie rice. Everything was flavorful - Chicken Tikka was out of this world (and I don't eat a lot of chicken normally).Very friendly staff helped us decide what we wanted to order and found us a table in under 5 minutes even though the place was packed for Ramadan break fast.No frills if you eat in, plastic plates and spoons. Well worth the low price. Can't wait to come back.
First, I ordered the butter chicken which was underdone and cold.  Second, they wouldn't talk to me, only to my boyfriend.  Third- their nan was blah.  And the rice was ok, but not wonderful.  The spinach and potatoes was fine, but I won't go back.
The food tasted good, but I saw them microwave it right I'm front of me. I'm spoiled by all the great San Francisco places that make your food to order, like Shalimar or Pakwan. I understand that some dishes you have to precook and it would take just too long to make to order. But chicken tikka is grilled and should always be made fresh. I'll wait. I will say the naan was made fresh and was good.I ordered:the chicken tikka boti - microwaved and tasted a little rubbery The lamb korma - microwaved. That's ok, I guess. It tasted really good2 naans - made to order and piping hot. Rusmalai for dessert - not bad. Not sure if they make their own desserts or notChai - they ran out so I had to wait for a fresh batch. That's fine. It's fresh. I don't mind waiting for freshly made foodThe clientele are local Pakistani families, which is always a good sign.I would come back, if I'm in the 'hood. But I'll ask them to make the chicken tikka boti fresh. This place tries to be very clean, but it seems to be a losing battle...but it's still cleaner than most indo-Pak places.Give it a try!
Yay for Hadi! Love your food!  Welcome to the 'hood. Keep lighting us up at night, and cooking up some of the best curries on CIA by day. See you tomorrow!
There is a bunch of middle Eastern places around here and this one by far is the best! For a start you're warmly greeted while a few doors down you have to flag down the employee standing right in front of you. There is still quite a language barrier but they can take an order and are super friendly. The naan isn't too thick and soft but the perfect blend of thin and crispy. If you're into sauces, they're all on point and I'm especially pleased that the first place in NYC I've been to got the spicy green sauce right; it doesn't taste like old herbs in some mild concoction. Only gripe is I didn't like how the microwaved samosa melted my plastic plate, but it didn't stop me from enjoying it. They have relatively tasteful Indian television on, thank God it's not the classic, cheap infomercials. The decor is relatively tasteful too as a bonus. Enjoy!
This is no joke. This might be one of the best meals of my entire life. And its a buffet.
