Not bad if you want authentic home made bengali food. Their prices were decent, $14 for a huge plate of kacchi biryani for 3, maybe 2 depending on how much you eat. They had a wide range of food. I got the round kebabs,  wasn't too fond of that.The staff was very kind and attentive. One of the best services on jackson heights,  usually they're a little neglectful in other places.Tbh, for me it was like eating at home so that's why I wasn't too fond of it but my mom loved it. Again, it's great if you want authentic bengali food or if yo momma doesn't wanna cook that dayy
This place is a hole in the wall but famous BD spot in Jackson Heights right near Roosevelt. It's hard to find if you don't know to enter where it looks like a grocery store but there's a narrow passage that leads back to their restaurant. I can't say much for the hygiene, but perhaps we can clock it in for authenticity, along with the fluorescent lighting.  As a Bangladeshi, I'm pretty picky about all kinds of South Asian food, but this place is solid. Excellent bharthas, a great ilish (hilsa) fish polao (if they have it), and friendly service. And the owner donated 50 samosas for our Bangladeshi blogger solidarity event, so 5 stars for their politics too!
You want the best friggin' tea in the world? You want it for a dollar? You get it here! If you think you've had better after trying it here then you message me and you let me know but you would be wrong!P.S. yes, it's better than Kabir's Bakery. Yes, I said it! #comeatmebro
Cons:-they use a microwave to heat your food, sometimes in plastic containers-language barrier may be an issue if you're not bengali-if i recall there are no names in front of the food so you must ask what is what, also no menu-some employees are just plain dumb (to the guy who was cleaning up the crumbs/stray food particles from the counter and some of it was being dragged into the trays of food as he wiped down, so gross)-sometimes dirty and crowdedPros:-the beef thehari is so good plus the chicken pastries-good seating-clean bathroom
Ah, what can I say, this place was fantastic! After months of eating sub-par Americanized Indian food in Brooklyn, it was nice to get some authentic Bengali food in Jackson Heights. Samosas were fresh and the dough was perfectly flaky. The halim was incredibly excellent: tender meat, perfectly seasoned (although don't go for it if you can't tolerate spice). Their naan was also excellent (clearly made fresh and tasted so buttery without any butter being added on top). Paratha was ok. This isn't somewhere to go if you're looking for a fancy atmosphere, but you will get delicious food in a clean, unpretentious environment. The one potential difficulty is if you don't speak Bangla, it might be a bit difficult to navigate. Luckily I was with a colleague who does speak the language, but otherwise there is no English menu and all the signs in front of the ready-made food are in Bangla. But the staff seem to be bilingual so they should be willing to help if you ask them for assistance in ordering!
Every time I visit NYC I have to get me some of that Haat Bazar authentic Bengali dishes that you only find at your momma's house or Aunties.  Everything is great but their dry beef bhoona and bortha is the best.. Only one thing sucks is the menu is written in Bengali but it's that authentic dishes so can't complain.... Love it
Their chot puti with tamarind sauce and chai (milk tea) is amazing! Best spot in the area and the waiters are friendly. This spot has become a regular for me!
The food is delicious!!! Had the goat biryani, goat curry, ilish (Hilsa fry) and shrimp curry (chingri malaikari) .....everything was insanely good!! The rajbhog at the end compliments the majestic meal.Don't go there if you are a hygiene freak...the atmosphere will scare you......But if your genuine love for good food overpowers other trivial emotions- This Is The Place For You!!! GO GO!!
Anyone who loves fish (a taste for spicy fish dishes and curries is a must) should stop here and taste from the array of fish dishes they offer. The menu keeps changing based on the fishes cooked but you are sure to be able to taste a mixed variety of fishes from Bangladesh at any given day. Big fish pieces, tiny whole fish - fried , dry gravy, curry  or bhortha, fish head prepared whole or cut up with vegetables. All simply delicious. They have meat and different kinds of biryani too daily but I could never get past the fish dishes, there are always so many to try !
Hat bazaar please open shop somewhere on the west coast. I promise to buy your morog polau atleast once a week.Other items we had include the chicken biryani, fish curry, chicken curry.The only disappointing part was the rajbhog. It was made of milk powder and tasted awful.The restaurant seems cheap, but you would eat so much that ur would put a dent in your pocket.
The food here is delicious. Don't mind the decor and the ambiance and just focus on the food. This place is possibly open 24/7 or till incredibly late and the kitchen is constantly churning out food. They have different dishes available at different times of the day but a must-try is the Kacchi Biriyani, the Morog Polao or any fish dish. This place serves authentic Bangladeshi food and if you've never tried the cuisine then this is the best place to start :)
I always order takeout from here and their roast chicken Is the best. Their biryani is not bad either. Prices are incredible. Place is always packed but they're very quick to take your order. Come here and save your money for a great lunch or dinner.
Along with Neerob in the Bronx, Haat Bazaar remains the best option for Bangladeshi food within a reasonable distance of Midtown.  Having lived away from home for over 15 years, this is one of the places that makes me feel at home: so much so that I even brought my father here once.
I would say ok to eat here. Different from other Bangla food joints in the area. The variety of food is much. They also have chai which is good for you.
I wish to go to this place as many times as possible till my stomach gives up
Worst experience! It would be best to put no star at all. They sold me a dish saying its lentils cooked with lamb's head except for there was no sign of lamb in it. Staff always talks among themselves and you would have to work really hard to get their attention in the 1st place. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Don't get the hype about it. There are much better deshi food shops right within 2 blocks of this place as well as in Manhattan.
This is the best Bengali restaurant I have tried. They have a huge variety of fish curries and vegetable dishes. The fish curry with cauliflowerand the bitter melon are my favorite. They also serve free dal with every meal. Comparing to most other South Asian places in this area, this one is super clean and the staff is very friendly. The spicy level here is not extreme here so it is really a  great place to start exploring this cuisine.
Amazing place for a true bong feast. We visited the place on the last day of our New York trip. It made our day. We ordered 'Rui Kalia', 'Hilsa' , mutton and 'rosogolla'. Food was good. People there are just great. Very friendly. We arrived relatively early, so the place was not that crowded. Overall a very good experience. I am definitely going to be back here on my next NYC trip.
I just don't see the hype. The food is on display to your immediate left upon entering. NO MENU so you have to ASK what everything is unless you are familiar with the food from the culture. They really do not speak very good English or atleast they didn't understand my very good English (spoke to 3 people behind the counter) and consequently they ended up getting my order partially wrong so you want to be as clear as possible when ordering . They'll then direct you to have a seat if it's to stay so have a seat . The gentleman that took my order brought out all the dishes I ordered plus an additional dish he thought I ordered based on the language barrier. I just ended up keeping it to avoid any further miscommunication and to further be able to fairly grade the food from the restaurant . The dishes my guest and I received were the fried veggie rice ,chicken tikka,fried tilapia,eggplant,goat curry . The food I ordered was not reflecting the grade I saw on yelp. Being that me and my guest were starving we ended eating  almost all of it. The food is firstly very overly spiced and salty. Chicken tikka was kinda dry but it did come with a salad which was a good touch, goat was full of fat and not worth the price they charged, veggie rice barely had veggies,fried fish was abit dry but tasted ok and the eggplant was good but it's hard to screw that up. I will not return. The check eventually came up to more than I anticipated because you do not get a menu so be sure to have enough cash to pay for a $$ restaurant with way less than stellar food ... what I tasted atleast. My assessment is ,If you are from the culture you might appreciate  this food more . Just read the other reviews and see for yourself or rather just go and experience it.
This place is great! The atmosphere resembles that of any crowded restaurant in the Indian subcontinent. The food was excellent and the service was above average.
This is my favorite Bangladeshi Restaurant in NYC. I come here almost everyday. Their chicken curry is the best,  Kacchi birayani, Kala Bhuna (  like beef jerky -they don't cook it everyday), Daal, Halim all are very authentic Bangladeshi. they have many kinds of vorta. Counter people are kind of downer. Ask for Salma  apa or Habiba apa they will help you.
I keep coming here from Boston for good Bangladeshi food.
Two stars for the pricing and holding of the food.  Overall, there are a wide variety of dishes offered including vegetarian, chicken/goat curries, biriyanis, and fish dishes which seem to be popular per other Yelp reviews.  I tried the curry chicken a couple of times. It was rich with spices and it was spicy! The dishes appear well seasoned to suit the native palates.  While I enjoyed it, I couldn't fully enjoy it because I ate it cold! The dishes are kept over a table with ice underneath the trays instead of hot steam table.  If you want your food hot, they would microwave the dish after they fill it in a plastic container.  Well, I wanted it to go and I am not into eating PCBs from heated plastics! There are a few other similar establishments in that area that seem to also use this method. This really threw me off and I simply can't fathom buying pre-cooked microwaved food. It definitely takes away from the freshness factor when you are ordering food that is displayed on a steam table.  Curries are meant to be served hot and not reheated when you order.  It lacked the warmth and the aromas of fresh spices.I observed another patron order the goat biriyani to go.  That was ~$13-$14 for a large round tin container.  The server picked out all the goat pieces for him but the rice and goat meat looked dry.  In addition, it was not served hot either.  So I don't think it is cheap to buy premade (refrigerated) foods that you need to reheat.  It feels like eating leftovers!Also, unless you speak the language, it is difficult to communicate with the servers.  There's no menu or prices on the food display.  Further, since I have food allergies, I really wanted to ask more details about some of the dishes.  Although several reviews stated they are cheap or inexpensive.  I think the small pint of curry chicken that I ordered was expensive! It was ~$7.00 for a little container of curry chicken.  Since it was bone-in chicken, it was bulky and doesn't fill the container well....not to mention, the pint container is slightly smaller than the ones from Chinese take-out for soup.  No naan or rice included.  I think side of rice is a lot more expensive than the other 24-hr eatery across the street too.As for the cleanliness, the food display looked clean and maintained. However, the sit-in area needs some updating but the locals seemed happy eating there late nights.  Maybe I would appreciate it more if I came with a local who spoke Bangladesh.  However, I still don't want re-heated food from plastic containers.On a positive note, I grocery shop at their little market on the other side.  Sometimes, they have better pricing on produce than the other Indian markets nearby.  Also, spices seems to get replenished on the shelf so that's a good sign of freshness.  Loved the Radhani red chilli powder recommended by a local.  It has great aroma but watch out for that heat! A little goes a long way...LOL..
After reading other reviews, I wanted to have the taste of their food and I think I expected lot more!!  So Disappointed!I love my home made bengali food!By the way takeout option is best if you want to make yourself comfortable, otherwise be ready to get ogled by other people.Those who never tried authentic bengali food, may like the food, so enjoy!I will never return :-)
The best place to shop and eat. 1) The food is tasty and cheap. Very good Bangladeshi/Indian food. 2) Service is quick. 3) They have most Eastern Indian/Bangladeshi grocery needs.Highly recommended.
I am a regular hr...I usually get take outs from this Bangladeshi restaurant/grocery.They are usually jam packed in the weekends..and they have two sitting areas ..They serves authentic Bengali dishes..like vagi,vhorta,daal,saag ..etc...If you are Bengali you will obviously enjoy thr yummy dishes..My favz -Kachhi Biriyani (special Bengali Biriyani) $13Chanda mach (pomfret fishyy curry)$9-$10Rhui mach Vorta(mashed vegetables)$5-$9Daal vorta ( mashed lentils)Milk tea $1.75Shingara (Bengali snacks like pakora) $1-$2I'm a bigg fan of kachhi Biriyani..which is very hard to get in USA or Canada..so whenever I get a chance I devour this dish..they usually make it on Friday night and in weekends..so if you want to try it come erly cause they sell out fast!!!...you can get the tea all day long try ..for the food I am giving them 4****......other than the food this place is chaotic,dull, unimpressive , cramped with people and the worst part..the looks u will get from the desi people...they will stare at you for no rational reason n almost lick u with their eyes...lolzz.. so, do not plan to stay thr juss get take out..grab ur food n runn...!!:)TIPs -Come at friday night for BiriyaniIf u pay in cash dey don't charge taxes..!!No parking..so park somewhere else..
If you are in search of authentic bengali food, search no more. This place is your mothers kitchen. The spice levels are on point. The restaurant itself could use some cleaning, and it is inconveniently located next to a grocery store. But the food is TOP NOTCH and fresh. My favorite is the Murgh Pulaow and the Elish Pulaow. Make sure you order tea at the end of your meal, you will not be disappointed.
This is a Bangladeshi restaurant that doubles up a grocery store. I would say the food is about 3.5 star worthy. There is plenty of seating but not much décor which is expected.  Typically, all the food is already laid out for you. You pick what you want and they heat it up. I prefer to get take out and heat it up myself.I got enough food from here for two meals. The first thing I had was the daal puri which was as big as a paratha. Some things in life are best left small. Daal puri is one of them. Too much puri and not enough daal is what you get when you make it that big. I had to dip it in the curry of the chicken roast to really enjoy it, which should never be the case as a daal  puri is supposed be good on its own. The chicken roast was pretty good though.  I also had the kachchi biryani which I found okay. The problem was the cut of the meat. I'm all about putting plenty of meat in the biryani but you gotta cut it in smaller pieces so that it mixes well and the biryani can take on some of that flavor. The mutton was cut too big for that. I don't know if they were just being lazy or what.My second meal consisted of roopchada  (pomfret) and shorshe ilish (hilsa with mustard gravy). Both fishes are unique to the region though I've seen pomfret once at a Chinese restaurant.  I prefer to eat pomfret when it's fried, but this curry version was good and I liked it a lot. They were pretty small in size but I give them props just for having this on the menu. The hilsa was over salted and I didn't get any mustard flavor. This annoyed me as hilsa is a very bony fish and it took me a while to clean it.Overall, this place was pretty decent but nothing to write home about.  I did notice that they have many different kinds of bharthas (mashed vegetables) which is a staple of BD cuisine. I may come back to try some of them.
Being Bengali, I'm very picky when it comes to eating Bengali food at restaurants. This place lives up to expectations. Pretty decent authentic Bengali dishes. Like most Bengali restaurants this one is also joined with grocery and a meat section so there really is no decor, so don't expect to have a fancy candle light dinner. The food however is pretty good and they have a wide range of selections to choose from. My recommendations here are their Halim (a lentil stew with goat/ beef meat), Biryani (A rice dish with meat kind of like fried rice but very different flavors) and their Breakfast Paratha. They also have delicious bhortas to choose from. Also, make sure to have some "Cha" (Bengali Milk Tea) before you leave. If you're looking to try authentic Bengali Dishes, then this place should be your stop!
Came here all the way from Brooklyn just to buy balachong. The grocery store smells like a meat market and it was narrow and small. Also saw a type of banana just like the ones we ate in Myanmar. But then there was another pile of bananas that was green but also rotting. Only the sweets tasted good and were fresh ! Right next door was a restaurant like store where my mom bought some samosas for $1.50 each compared to brooklyn where it's 75 cents each. I guess these were more pricey because they contain all meat with some strings of onion instead of just potato.
I only come here every few months with my family after mid night to pick up groceries. The food is good and tasty. The servers are nice. It's not your typical restaurant. You order up and front and sit yourself, then they bring your food. I don't come here during the day time because it's packed with bengali men. They tend to be rude and the service is horrible during the day. However the food is still really good and fresh during the day than at midnight. Also pay with cash bc they don't charge tax on it.
Everyone in my family keeps telling me about all the great Bangladeshi food they have in Jackson Heights but no one can name a place. What is up with that?!After countless meals at Jackson Diner, it was time to be adventurous. Given that Aarong is across the street, Haat Bazaar seemed like a good choice. And boy was I right! I had just come back from Bangladesh and tons of home cooked meals so this place was competing with my heightened and spoiled palate. I'm proud to report that it lived up to the challenge. Four different kinds of specialty biryanis on the weekend - shrimp, chicken, kachi and don't remember the last. Tons of other choices as far as fish (what what, us bengalis love our maach), veggies and bharthas.We shared the Murgh Pulao, eggplant bhartha,  a fish they recommended, cha and jalebis. YUM. Oh, and the servers, as shy as they are, are incredibly polite and sweet.
Drove from CT to get a fix of real Bangladeshi food, this place did not disappoint!
Visiting Jackson Heights from midwest, we were looking for Bangladeshi authentic food. This is it. Absolutely knock out.  We had four types of vorta,  kochur loti with hilsha head, ayar fish, dal, etc. Very delicious.  Strongly recommend for Bengals taste
This place was good and welcoming. The fish curry was good, but it was a light stew that was a bit too tangy for me. Chicken biryani came with a chopped chicken thigh. I'd come back to try the Halim - everyone seemed to have it at their table. Portions are filling and HUGE. The gentleman working there was very hospitable and nice. Made ordering a lot less overwhelming especially since it was my first time there.
Best tea in NY. For the note, they don't add spices which I love. If you want original plain tea, this is the place to go. Crowded and not so nice place to be, but great food. 'Take-out' is the way to go...
They have the best jalebi I've ever tasted. It's always fresh and delicious. Their chicken samosas and chai are also to die for.
This place is just nasty. The people are very rude. It is filthy. Everyone stares at you as if you are from a different planet. The food is way over priced! Would never come back!
I am a regular here, and why not? The choices are great, the variety is great, and the food ofcourse is GREAT! and did I mention that the prices are also spectacular? Ok so dont expect to come here and have a candle lit dinner experience cus its far from that! Its pretty much a find your own place and sit kinda place, you walk in you choose what you wanna eat and you sit and wait for your food to arrive at your table by one of their super shy and super sweet staff members.I go here a lot because of a number of reasons, I love their murg polau and their cha amongst a lot of other favorites I have there. Their kacchi biriyani is so deliciouos, Im not the type to eat goat but I love the way the kaccchi is prepared here because it tastes very authentic and it doesnt smell like goat at all. I love their bhortas all kinds of bhortas they have from shutki to pumpkin to pretty much any kind of bhorta you like. Their cha is amazing also! food so cheap i can get plenty to taste.Love this place!
The best Kutchi Biriyani. Period!!!
Great chai and biryani. Their goat biryani is spicy but tasty and filling. The chai is excellent, it must be a popular item here as I always see patrons ordering them. Some items are hit and miss. I didn't find the goat curry or illish maach anything to write home about.
One of the best memories eating out with my mom has to be that spontaneous walk in at Haat Bazar for lunch couple years back -- laal shag, tilapia bhaja, alu bhorta, begun bhorta and tomato chutney with rice. Fantastic!For truly authentic, traditional, Bangladeshi cuisine -- Haat Bazar is the spot to go!!
Hands down the best authentic bengali food money can buy!
I have been looking for a place like this for a while, making an excursion all the way to Jackson Heights is well worth it. The first time I went there I ate nearly everything off the menu. I am from Calcutta in India and crave authentic bengali cooking and I got it here. I have been back several times, especially for the biryani and the chicken pulao.
Me and my family had experienced one of the worst service in this restaurant. Also the taste of their food is not that special. If you are looking for desi food there are other restaurant which are way better in quality and service. For sure me and my family is not going back to this place.
It shud be spelled Bajar or bazar.. there is no V in  Bajar !! Great place recommend their bhortas, shutki bhortas , chicken, vegetables... 5 star for Haleem ( much better than even in Dhaka) Moglai ( 5 star ), Puree ( 5 star), i prefer tea here than Kabir's , samosa, shingara also prefer here then to Kabir's, But i would ask anyone not to order more Biriyani, morog polao for authentic option i would say Sagar .. They use wayyy too much salt and gheee in their cooking.. and tehari shud not have Turmeric in them!! ok Haleem.. i repeat Haleem
Great food and service. The best bengali restaurant in Jackson Heights. If you are looking for authentic bengali food, look no further. Their chicken biryani is the best I've ever had. They are also known for their goat biryani which I've heard is good but I am not a fan of goat so I've yet to try it. People have told me they drove for hours from other states just to get some biryani. They also have sweets that are made fresh everyday.
You can find all sorts of REAL Bangladeshi food here. We really enjoyed the aloo bhorta, gorur mangsho and khichuri. The tea wqs pretty good too. All in all, one of the best Bangladeshi places to eat at.
I appreciate having gone to "Bangla school" as a child because everything's written in Bangla, from the store sign to the menu. I sincerely hope you can read Bangla otherwise you'll have to take your best guess! Definitely "authentic" though - I felt as if I should be eating with my hands & not the utensils. The waiters English doesn't really help you when ordering.
If you are looking for authentic Bengali food this is the place. The beef teheri and goat/ chicken biryani are my favorites. They change their menu every couple of days so you can get anything from "shutki bhortha" to "aloo bhaji". I would also recommend their freshly made naan and chicken kebabs.
They nuke the food to death in the microwave. One time it was burned onto the bowl! I want to like this place but I can't because they won't serve me fresh food. I will try again in the future...
I had polao rice and chicken roast last night. Polao rice was very low quality. What was horrible was polao was served on a very dirty uncleaned plate. I pointed out that to one of the owners. He changed polao on a plastic one-time use plate. Did not show apology or was not kind enough not to charge me for polao rice. I even heard one of the female crew saying should she put the polao rice given me on the dirty plate on a new plate. But owner Instructed to give new polao rice. Interestingly, he disappeared after I complained and did not see him till I reluctantly finished eating. Very dirty unhealthy environment. The owner was around 5 feet 5 inch dark complexion. Health department should visit this restaurant. Food were displayed very dirtily. Crews did not have any manners.  Very low quality environment.
The most authentic and the most delicious Bangladeshi food...i have had outside...Bangladesh!!!The Kachi Biryani, The lamb biryani, The tehari, the chicken roast, the haleem, the chicken tikka masala, the JILAPI!! Is all to die for!! A must visit
Still loving the food here.  Great service, although it is difficult to communicate sometimes as no one speaks English.  The samosas are hands down the best commercial samosas I have had here.  They are practically like homemade samosas.  Thin crisp casing, with plenty of vegetables and meat on the inside.However, half a star? off for no chai.  This is sad.  They only have regular tea now, which is still great (they fix it differently somehow, it looks more like a thai tea color, orangy but is a milk tea).  I wish they sold masala chai, or a spicy indian style tea.
The best Bengali food ever..even though the sitting s not that great but their food makes up for it..I go there with my friends all the time..
