I brought my sister and friends here who were visiting from out of town. We could not have enjoyed our experience more! The staff was friendly and attentive, and the food was wonderful. Loved the garlic naan! Everything we ordered was delicious. I look forward to my next visit!
Great authentic Indian restaurant , with quality food , decent portions and  superb service along with perfect recommendations. The BYOB has come to an end , as they now have their liquor license .There will be a corkage fee of $15 per bottle if you still choose to bring your own wine. Highly recommended...will be back..!!
I think this might be the best Indian in the neighborhood. The Chana masala was delicious, we also tried the baingan bhurta, which was very flavorful.  No complaints, probably will become our new go-to for Indian.
Think of this as "small plates" Indian. The theme is very small portions awash in great quantities of sauce. We had the konkoni fish and the whole baby eggplant in sesame peanut sauce. They both came in bowls that consisted mostly of sauce. The food tastes good, significantly better than your basic paint-by-numbers Indian place in the neighborhood. The sauces are flavorful and you can taste the quality of the spices and the other raw ingredients. But you have to consider that an entree costs a couple bucks more than you'd normally pay for the same dish in this neighborhood and the portions are about a quarter the size. Two entrees, which came with rice, plus an order of naan, wasn't quite enough food for two light-eating adults.
AMAZING food. I am super, super picky when it comes to indian food (most places are too sweet), and this place is my new fav. My boyfriend has claimed to not like indian food (madness) and he loved his meal, the Kerala Shrimp. I had the Lamb Dhaniwal. Our server asked if we wanted our meals mild, medium, or hot, we both chose medium. This area is a bit underserved when it comes to indian food, so happy to have Indian Table in the neighborhood!!P.S. - Serving portions were perfect, we both left very full after each having 1 entree each and splitting a naan.
Probably some of the best Indian food in NYC. Chicken Malai tasted fresh and was cooked perfectly. Dal and Chicken Tikka masala were flavorful, as was the saag paneer. Naan was outstanding. Definitely visiting again.
So. Good. Highly recommended and will be back for that Baigan Bhurta and yellow Dal Tadka. Seriously, I could eat that dal forever. Also the Saag Paneer was very solid and the spinach tasted nice and fresh. The garlic naan was ridiculously flavorful (but not too much garlic - if there is such a thing). Staff was super sweet. Food was prompt. BYOB with no corkage fee, and full bar is in the works.
Definitely some of the best Indian I've had in Brooklyn. A very needed addition to the neighborhood. We had the yellow Dal Tadka, Saag Paneer, and Baigan Bhurta (smokey eggplant dish). All were very flavorful and tasty. Definitely recommend checking it out.
Finally, finally!!!!  Last Sunday, my friend's and I were bemoaning the dearth of good Indian restaurants in Bklyn and Manhattan.  Serendipity...Indian Table opened that evening. It's fabulous--authentic and subtle. The owner is very kind. Try the tandoori lamb chops.  Tony from Windsor Terrace.
Really great food - fresh and well prepared. Usually on the quieter side when we go (between 5pm and 6pm), but they are super accommodating to our 2yo son, bringing him straws and mango lassi, and just generally being really nice to him. Definitely one of the easier places to eat with a small child in the neighborhood, and delicious food as well.
Finally, an awesome Indian place in the 'hood. Some of the other reviews are dinging the place for the service - and I get it, if you make a ressie and end up waiting, that could be super annoying. When we came here, the service was a bit rough, but in an endearing, real-person, non-heirarchical sort of way. Honestly, I think it's a testament to how TASTY their food is, and how confident they are about it. When we asked for recommendations and suggested something, the waiter actually said, well if you like vegetarian stuff that tastes like nothing (!), sure. And then pointed us to some other things... I appreciated this honesty, and we had an amazing meal (and are super picky eaters). But I have a feeling even the dish that didn't pass his test would have been good. Can't wait to go back, and will become regulars ordering in for this fresh, healthy-tasting, non-greasy, flavorful food that makes you feel like you are eating a home-cooked meal by someone who cares.
This was our first time here! The service was excellent and the food was great.  We highly recommend the lamb vindaloo , the eggplant appetizer, and the garlicky spinach. We will definitely come back with friends.
Finally, delicious authentic Indian food comes to Cobble Hill! I had paneer stir fry, vegetable pilau, mango lassi, and vegetable korma. Everything tasted fresh and delicious. We will be back.
Indian table is a great dine-in Indian restaurant (which is hard to find). Nice appetizers and classic Indian dishes. The lamb dishes are exceptional. Nicely decorated restaurant with friendly staff. My family is always given the private back room which is nice.
Not an expert on Indian cuisine by any means, but the lack of a decent Indian restaurant in the neighborhood has been disappointing. Our experience with Indian Table has been nothing but positive in the several times we've been there. The food has always been excellent as well as the service. The Tandori Cornish Hen was simply delightful - perfectly seasoned and mouth-wateringly delicious. The Sag Paneer and Chicken Tikka Masala also count as favorites here. I would also recommend the garlic Naan. I'm not sure why others had less pleasant experiences, but as another Yelper indicated, perhaps growing pains as the restaurant learns the patterns of the neighborhood. From my view, it's a welcome addition to Cobble Hill and Court Street, and I definitely look forward to going back again.
Excellent.  Everything we ordered (three appetizers, five main courses, naan) was tasty, fresh and delicious.  They have classics and some creative new twists on classics.  Main courses were substantial.  We are really picky about Indian food and will definitely be going back/ordering in often.
I'm by no means an Indian food snob, but I'd been consistently very disappointed by the Indian food options in this neighborhood until I ordered Indian Table tonight! I got the chicken tikka masala, sag paneer, dal, fried okra (really good), and naan - all were great. Very excited to have a good Indian place in the hood!!
Good food! The eggplant, veg korma and beet croquettes were delicious! Loved the light, flavorful mango mousse. Lots of vegetarian options. BYO and no corkage fee. Pleasant service. Will go back.
This was our second visit. Cobble Hill had lost a couple of decent Indian restaurants on Smith Street over the past few years, so we were eagerly awaiting the opening of Indian Table. So far, we are very pleased. I would say this is the best Indian restaurant in bococa or in all of brownstone Brooklyn. We really hope it succeeds. My husband is Bengali and I consider myself to have a pretty discriminating palate, having visited Indian many times over nearly forty years. We have tried several chicken dishes, a sag paneer, and a biryani and liked them all.
Very Disappointing food. Kerala shrimp consisted of exactly five medium size shrimp in a watery sauce. Similarly chicken zoffrani was composed of tasteless chunks of chicken in an anemic broth. The chicken biryani however was very tasty: nicely seasoned and generous serving size. Perhaps just poor choices on our part, but I am unlikely to try it again. A shame; the neighborhood could use a good Indian restaurant.
Really enjoyed this upscale "northern Indian" restaurant. Excellent ambiance and incredibly delicious dishes created a really enjoyable meal. BYOB makes it even more fun and leaves room for more food vs bar bill.
Mediocre Indian food at best.  Very stereo typical NYC Indian menu, nothing new.  Preparation was  equally pedestrian.  Prices seemed high for what they offer.   Why can't we get a good Indian restaurant in our neighborhood?
I have been there twice now and it is delicious! I would highly recommend the tandoori salmon( so moist) and the small whole eggplant dish. I was recently in India and this food is far better than anything we ate there!  Also.. love the byob- not sure if it will last but always nice to save money on drinks
Mystifyingly, in a neighborhood with virtually every type of cuisine offered, Cobble Hill was sorely lacking a quality Indian establishment. Indian Table appears to fill the void. Friendly professional service, handsome interior and solid food hit the spot nicely. No wine available for now, but there is a wine shop directly across the street and byob is allowed.
