I really wanted this place to work but we were disappointed with the flavor. First thing is my bf and I eat Indian food often and the food from here lacked flavor. I ordered 2 nights ago and while the delivery was fast and easy the food was bland. No sauces or salt and it was not worth what I paid. Seeing the reviews I thought the food would have bold flavors but it didn't. We will be sticking to Seva our go to spot in Asto9ria. Don't be fooled! If you cannot handle real Indian flavors then this is the place for you, but if you eat traditional Indian food then don't go here. Chicken and veggies needed much salt or chili powder...something lol
I've walked past this place numerous times, so I finally decided to stop by for dinner.  The space is clean and staff is friendly.  I ordered the beef vindaloo and it was delicious!!!  I will stop by again to get other items!
Hands down the best Indian Restaurant in the neighborhood. Mostly get take out. Ate there for the first time the other night. We'll probably just stick to take out from now on.
This is our first time here.  Everything was great.  Service was good, the place was clean and cosy and most importantly the food was delicious! Will be back for sure.
My favorite indian place in astoria by far. I came to taste of bengal with my finacè for the lunch special. They've expanded their space so you can dine in. We ordered mulligatawny soup, chicken vindaloo, chicken Tikka masala, with Naan. So tasty and flavorful! Five stars for their service too. I now go to Taste of Bengal 2-3 times a week.P.s. it's BYOB!!
Love this place!  I've gotten chicken tikka masala here, which is very tasty (but not spicy, so if you like it spicy you should note that to them), but my favorite are the vegetarian dishes -- and I'm not even vegetarian!  I love their saag soo much.  It's incredible.  Everything here is great, and delivery is fast.
Food here is excellent and the staff is very friendly, my husband and I travel from the Bronx just to get there delicious food, highly recommended and the place was recently Renovated making it much more spacious now
Best lunch special ever. $10 for an app, main dish, and soda! My go to is their Chicken Tikka Masala. Food arrives hot via delivery, and portions are large too.
my new favorite Bangladesh restaurant in Astoria! Excellent service and delicious food. Must try their Curry with spinach and fish! amazing dish!
I love this place! Never dine in but I've been ordering delivery here for almost 2 years now. The food arrives fast and is delicious every time. If you order spicy, beware because it's actually spicy! There was only 1 time that the delivery person sent the food to my neighbor (who didn't return or eat it. Strange). After waiting for an hour, I called the place and the staff resolved my issue within 15'. I know Seva is the place to go for Indian food in Astoria, but Taste of Bengal will not disappoint if you're looking for a new place to try.
To say the food they serve is phenomenal might be an understatement. The spices, flavors, authenticity, and care are not to be missed. My boyfriend and I live just up the street and we both feel this is a hidden gem of possibly the best Indian food in NYC. We fell in love with both the food and the genuine and warmhearted staff from the first time we ordered take out from them before they had expanded their space. We've been loyal and extremely satisfied customers ever since. Here's some MUST TRY (vegan) dishes that we order on the regular: Aloo Gobi MatarBaingan Eggplant BhartaChana MasalaIf you're ever in Astoria or looking to travel for some top notch authentic Indian cuisine Taste of Bengal should be #1 on your list!
Truly incredible Indian food. IMO better than Seva and Namaste. Ambiance and experience is lacking, but they've made big strides in the last few months.My dish of choice is Chicken Jalfreze, which they kindly make for me even though only a vegetable jalfreze is on the menu.Highly recommend!
So glad these guys expanded!!!...food is delicious...totally recommend the chicken 65 and the chicken tikka masala....tried a few dishes and not a bad one yet...latest was the chicken kadai
This place is awesome. A lot of similar restaurants seem like they have warmer trays of food in the back that they just dip your food out of, but you could tell the food at Taste of Bengal is made fresh to order. Our food arrived piping hot, perfectly medium spiced as we requested. Friendly service and great value. Wish they delivered to sunnyside!
A family owned restaurant with great authentic food. Never knew Bengal food is this good until i visited this place, they got me hooked.Owners (family) are very polite and friendly, expect a friendly chat every time you walk in.
Love this place! Mango Lassi, coconut fish, etc etc. High monster approves this neighborhood gem! Friendly staff always make sure you good!
Taste of Bengal is one of the best Indian restaurants in NYC, and one of my favorite spots in Astoria. Living off 30th ave, we have our pick of the litter: Seva, Namaste, Kurry Qulture, Ghandi, etc. I've tried them all multiple times, and yet I keep coming back to ToB. The food is excellent and VERY flavorful, the prices are reasonable (most entrees are generous enough for dinner and lunch the next day), and the service is top notch. We always order pick-up so we can have a friendly chat with Rahul before heading home to eat.  As far as the menu goes, my top picks are Chicken 65, chicken korma, ANY briyani and the mango lassi. But really everything is delicious and you can't go wrong. Feel free to ask Rahul what he recommends based on your tastes.Make sure to dine-in every once in a while and take advantage of their cozy seating space. Love this place!!!
The chicken 65 is amazing. The naan was made perfectly. The chicken samosa with the home made tamarind sauce was the freshest samosa I had in NY. My wife and I really enjoyed the mango lassi. The owner is really nice and I'll def be headed back to try more!
Meh. I ordered from them and it was pretty good except the kabobs were sorta dry. Also asked for chicken makhani but tasted really off. The veggie korma was absolutely delicious! Make sure to ask for extra green sauce if you're ordering out and get everything spicier than it is. Decent place to order from for a quick meal but I don't think I'll ever be going in.
Very bad .. no taste ..nothing compared to what they sell in Jackson heights I'm never going to this place ever again
I LOVE this place. I usually order once or twice a week--I'm in love with their chicken saag and recently their chicken 65. Customer service has always been great and friendly. The only time they've ever gotten my order wrong (out of the 50 or 60 times I've ordered) was the time they forgot to put my drink in the order, but had sent it shortly after I called.They've got a $10 lunch special that can't be beat.I was a bit caught off guard by the negative reviews and ratings from other customers, but after reading a couple of their other reviews understood that they didn't grasp the concept of reviews. Of of them has a history of calling most restaurants 'bland,' another person has a history of rating places either 1 or 5 stars.Will definitely keep ordering.
Glad to find a LOT of goat meat in my biryani. Taste great too!  The owner is generous on ingredients!Will have to go back to taste other dishes but so far it's a 5 for me.
I walk by this place at least three times a week.  The smells emanating from the wee hole-in-the-wall have always piqued my interest.  But I made the mistake of incorrectly judging the book by the cover.They have some seriously awesome flavor profiles going on here.  Really nice h ave so many more protein options (the beef saag was especially nice!).  I decided to pick up a slew of food for a week of lunches.  Tried the following:- Shami Kabab (meh - wasn't worth two bucks in either flavor or texture departments.  And it seemed a bit burnt...)- Garlic Naan (paired fine with the curry/sauces...but didn't stand out on its own.  And a big no no with using garlic powder instead of fresh garlic)- Chicken 65 (tender, juicy, nice flavor, a little kick in the peppers)- Beef Saag (yummy!)- Goat Curry (really nice flavor.  Goat was tender enough, though not fall-off-the-bone tender.  Had to do a little pulling to get the meat off the bone, as it wasn't boneless, per the delivery.com description.  Had a little chew to it.  But still a nice option)- Lamb Balti (good.  Lamb was tender enough.  A little chew to it.  Not sure I'm sold on the combo of tandoori spices and tomato gravy, but glad I tried it).- Basmati Rice - hands down the best I've had in the area!  Super fluffy, tender, plump, and plentiful!  Kept its shape when I turned it upside down onto a plate....and then gorgeously fell apart with the gentle touch of a fork.  So good!And, y'all, ya can't beat these really awesome prices!Nice people, nice place (more for pick up/delivery than eat in - IMO), good food, cheap.
There curry is amazing:)  is one of my favorite restaurant in Astoria! Price is affordable, taste delicious and people are very kind:)) you can get $10 for lunch special :) that's super satisfying!! I'm vegan, but they have a lot of choices of vegetable curry:) I very recommend this restaurant, you must come if you visit Astoria:)
The most delicious Indian food you can have! I always get samosas, garlic naan and beef dhal. You can get your food non spicy, mild or super spicy. They will deliver ;) service is great and owners are just the nicest people you will ever meet. A gem in Astoria at really affordable prices!!!
One of the best places to get your indian and bengali style entrees and appetizers in a friendly,family owned and operated restaurant. I have been coming to this place for as long i have been in Astoria and decided to write a review because these things do matter. I get my food tailor made to my needs because i am vegan and the staff always oblige. Vegans and non vegans will love the food. Because i did transition almost 2 years ago. Prior to that i was eating all their other dishes from fish,chicken and other meats and i always remember them being delicious and wonderful. I will continue to come back over and over. I am a patron for life.
My regular takeaway spot. It's close to my apartment and the prices are reasonable. Love their chicken karhai and Naan.
This is my first and probably only review, so you can be confident I'm not getting paid like $1.75USD to write this from my Mom's basement or something. I just want to give them a shout because it's the best Indian/Pakistani/Bangladeshi food I've had in a long time.As of Tuesday, I will have been here twice already this week. The dishes have ranged from great to OMG. So far, the s.o. and I have had Shrimp Dopiaza, Chana Masala, Vegetable Jalfrazee with chicken because...chicken. Also a sample of the Chicken 65 which I'll probably be getting next because that was unique and tasty. Everything had a well balanced texture and spice profile. The perfect amount of spicy+creamy=delicious. I prefer to eat inside because the owners are great and will tell you cool stuff about the dishes origins and things. I guess you could always listen to the white people below who only order delivery and seem to all be authorities on what Indian food should taste like. Oh, so you've been to Brick Lane in London too? Cool story, but that's like saying you miss the Italian food in Little Italy.Eat here, I probably will again this week.
The newly renovated space and the staff are a very cozy feeling. The Shingara and the select biriyanis are a must at this place. The combination of spices with the right proportions are the signature of a South East Asian home made food. excellent service, very tasty food, spice on the check, and full on flavour with generous portions.Recommend for lunch and dinner, ether take out or dine In. Ratib.
This place is a hidden gem. True authentic home cooked south Asian food. Their rendition of chicken 65 is sublime. In my opinion from the naans to samosas to their selection of curries this place beats out any of the neighboring South Asian selections nearby  excluding qurry kulture (which is higher end cuisine and pricier). The icing on the cake is that they're byob!
This is hands down the best Indian spot in Astoria. Not only that, but it's run by the kindest family who goes out of their way to make sure you're happy with what you order. I'm a vegetarian and absolutely love the Chana Paneer and Veggie Samoosa. It never disappoints -- just the right amount of tangy and creamy, I swear they must put magic in it. I walked by this place years ago and the smell immediately reminded me of trips to India and Bangladesh - it's definitely the real deal. To this day, I'm glad I checked it out. The new dine-in space is also super cozy. Seriously can't say enough!
I love this restaurant. The food is so tasty, and the service is amazing.  It is family run and they are so helpful in suggesting to you what you might enjoy trying. I send all my clients here for lunch and dinner. The flavors of each bite makes you come back for more.
Great authantic Indian food. First time trying it today, highly recommonede their Palak (Spinach) Paneer. Really like the ambience of their their newly expanded space. Very friendly staff as well.
A Real Gem in this family run restaurant! The food has a home cooking quality that I miss in many Indian places. I love the curries they offer, Korma, Balti ( the tandoori marinade knocks it I out of the park. I recently had their Dhall and Palak Paneer. They were the best I ever had!I've had Indian Cuisine all over the world and am lucky to have this oasis right here in Astoria.Reasonably priced and great takeout. Love It!
Taste of Bengal is a great ruby in Astoria!  This is my go to restaurant for a delicious and authentic Indian meal!  Their Aloo Gobi Matar and the potato nan are truly A-mazing!  I am so excited, I usually pick up my order, but now that they have expanded their space and made it so cozy and inviting--I can't wait to take my friends there for a delicious meal!!
We love this place! If you are up for some delicious Indian/Bengali food served up in a friendly, family-run restaurant in Astoria... this is it! We enjoy their samosas, lamb curry, kadai chicken, fish curry and shrimp curry - in rotations - on a weekly basis! When I'm not in a mood to cook and am craving some authentic Indian "home-food"... this is my go-to Restaurant. They have pick- up and delivery... but it's good to support this local family business... so dine in! Very affordable prices, too. It's surprising that more people don't know about this place and dine here! Definitely worth it!
Been ordering from here for 3 years. Never disappoints. Try the Okra!Great pricing, plenty of options and very friendly staff!
I'm only giving them two stars because I love their food. However, their customer service is atrocious. Every time I call, they're rude. And yesterday they sent us an incomplete order. My boyfriend called right away to report our missing food and was told they'd send it right away. Another hour went by, still no delivery person with our missing food. We called again and the employee said, "oh yeah, I remember you. I never put that request in." We requested a refund and it still hasn't been granted. Over the past few months, we've easily spent a few hundred dollars at Taste of Bengal and they can't even treat us like people. I love the food, but it's highly unlikely I'll ever order from them again. Congratulations on losing two customers, guys. Learn to treat people correctly.
Love this unassuming spot. I stumbled in here one day and have come back whenever in the area, not just because of the great food, but because of the super friendly owner and staff. It's not common to walk in an eatery and feel so valued!
Taste of Bengal has the best Bangladeshi and northern Indian dishes i have tried so far in new york. The owners are very friendly and give kind and genuine service. Beef with dal, goat biryani, salmon tikka masala, and chicken with mixed vegetable curry are all excellent.
Honestly just a piece of flavorless trash. Astoria is plagued with bad Indian food because people don't demand more and taste of whatever is exactly what you get.  A restaurant that serves food that looks good but taste like colored water with salt.  I gave it two stars because the people that work there are nice and the food isn't awful
We ordered take away from here tonight and were disappointed. The food was very bland. The basmati rice was boiled rice without any aromatic traditional flavors. The daal was liquified and separated by some oily broth, also flavorless. We had the tandoori mixed grill and chicken balti. The mixed grill was edible but nothing out of this world. I was hoping for better based on reviews but was pretty surprised. I questioned to myself if the person who cooked had ever tried Indian food before? Ahhh brick lane (UK), how I miss it..
Really tasty and open later than most delivery places on a weeknight. Had the lamb curry and saag paneer. Super yummy and fast delivery!
The delivery guy is sooooooo incredibly rude. Steer clear. You could try Seva, Kurry Qulture or any number of other delicious indian places in Astoria.
Samosa and chai!!!! What a delight! Though they can be found every these days this place jade the really deal. Hot crispy and the perfect blend of spices. They make good nann too. Their chicken tikka roll is delicious. Be sure to check it out. The only down side is it is more of a take out place then sit down.
Great Place for Desi food in Astoria.
This is my go-to spot for Indian food. The spices are just right and not overbearing like other Indian places. They have the best chicken vindaloo and chicken tikka masala out of any other Indian spots I've been to (and I've been to a lot). The biryani is dope too. And the chicken samosa appetizer with the sauces - so good. And they're cheap! My favorite Indian/Pakistani spot by far.
Not only is the food delicious, I must commend the service. My Seamless order was incorrect, and they were very apologetic and brought me another entree. It was much appreciated. High quality food that is very rich and flavorful. Would absolutely recommend.
Stopped here recently as I was driving through Astoria. The menu itself is an expansion from the typical Indian restaurant menu, featuring many fish, shrimp, goat, and beef items that you might not usually see. As a Bengali, I didn't see the Bengali dishes I was expecting, but no matter. My boyfriend and I shared the Coconut Shrimp and Pulao. The curry was delicious and unique. I've never had anything quite like it but I'd say it was like a fusion of Indian/Malaysian/Thai coconut curries. I was really excited to write this review also to say that I totally caught my boyfriend licking the bowl at the end - it was that good! The pulao was on the lighter side in terms of flavor. I'd recommend it if you want to try a different variation of fried rice (it wasn't sweet like I was expecting based on what I eat at home but again, no matter). The shrimp and pulao was enough for a light meal for the two of us. I definitely hope to go back to try some of their other dishes!
Amazing bengali food. Best I've had outside of home. moderately spicy, generous servings. They were polite and gave us free Gulab jamun with a smile when the spicy food beat us. Delivery is always lightning fast too.Update 11/28/2016: They've expanded recently and have a quaint area for eating in. Great place for a quiet dinner out.
Had the chicken tikka and sag paneer. Both were lacking flavor, and well just not that good. The wife and I both immediately got heartburn and some other intestinal issues. We always order from seva but thought we'd try something new. That was a bad idea.
I accidentally walked in to this place and I have to say, it feels like eating home cooked meal. I lived in the subcontinent for 14 years and the food here tastes similar to what food tasted there. Chicken chili, chicken tikka masala and biryani, all taste great. Generous portions, made fresh and they actually know how to control the spice level. I would definitely recommend this place.
I love ordering the lunch special but the portion is just too small.  I like that I get the app and the entree but this meal is more of a snack sampler than a meal.  it sure does taste good though.  Order the mulligatawny.  Thank them profusely.
I have been ordering for taste of Bengal for couple years since I moved to astoria.  Delivery is always very fast. And the food is the best part. Price is reasonable also. Our favourite is chicken biryani, chicken or lamb curry.
Food here tastes really good and very very close to the authentic thing. Price is reasonable and people here are also very nice. Delivery person is very nice. Their food and service have been so great that even after moving a bit further away from where I was, after I requested them to deliver at my new place, they gladly deliver. I really appreciate it. Especially during the winter months they are my life saver.As for food, I love their Ruhi fish and chicken byriani a lot and they are my favorites.
Amazing, non-Americanized indian food. Lightning-fast delivery. Changes and substitutions no problem. Better than other indian delivery in service and quality.
I have to say the chicken tika here is probably the best i have had, moist which you never get, and the flavor was just wonderful. Very simple chicken and onion with a choice of naan or rice.
The food is wonderful and has a home cooked feeling to it. Everything tastes so fresh and authentic. I love the fact that they have an abundance of vegetarian dishes, all which have been amazing. Always very positive energy when I go to pick up food. Thank you for providing the public with your delicious food, I wish the best for your business and will continue to support. See you soon! :)
I just ordered their Delivery Special (and then some) from Seamless and right off the bat, the delivery was quick and the food stayed hot, even in the current cold weather.  This is my first time trying Taste of Bengal and I really liked it.  My experience with Indian food (Northern and Southern cuisine) is limited to NYC restaurants and what my Indian-raised friends have made for me, so I while I've had my share, I feel silly calling myself an expert.App:  Vegetable Samosa:  Tastes like your standard samosa served with tamarind and the green chutney/sauce.  Nothing special, but it was super hot on arrival.Entree:  Saag Chicken:  More like minced saag in a brown gravy (FYI, what Indians call "gravy" is not the same as American "gravy).  This is NOT the ultra-smooth-gloopy-cream-of-spinach consistency of most Indian-American restaurants.  I LOVE THIS SAAG.  I love that you can actually see that saag was used and that it was not pulverized.  The gravy is also not as oily or creamy as other places.  You can also discern the different spices used, like cumin.  The chicken is nice and tender.Side:  Basmati Rice:  The rice stayed hot, fluffy and soft and tumbled out of the rice container.  It was well packed.Dessert:  Rice Pudding:  Average Indian rice pudding.  Thin consistency with notes of cardamon and coconut.  The rice was a little hard.Mango Lassi:  Standard mango lassi.  Nice that it was well wrapped in plastic to prevent spills.Aloo Paratha:  It came piping hot, but a little too dense and doughy.  Not enough potato between the layers.  I've had better, but I've only had super-fresh paratha so maybe something gets lost when it's delivered.Overall, I like the price of the delivery special (~$15) for a full meal and how care was put into the packing off all the items.  I'm looking forward to trying out their other entrees.
My order took over an hour to arrive. I ordered my chana saag mild and it arrived very spicy. The best part of this experience is that I won't have to go through it again.
Best Basmati rice in town, hands down. Aloo Gobi Matar is delish. I'm a gluten free vegetarian and this dish is such a treat. Don't expect it to be at your door in twenty minutes, but it will be really hot and fresh. I'm hooked on the Masala tea.
Garlic naan is mediocre naan with garlic powder sprinkled all over it, not actual garlic. Aloo gobi was so watery it was disgusting. It had the consistency of soup. Chicken tikka and chicken vindaloo have weird cuts of chicken, didn't taste good.
Great place ! The food is amazing & they have great customer service .. I never had any problems with the food .. The food is amazing ! It's the best place for Indian food in Astoria
Taste of Bengal is the most solid and consistent Indian restaurant I've been to -- and I've never been there! I moved to Astoria just over a year ago and have tried delivery at a handful of the neighborhood Indian restaurants. They were mostly all decent, but for some reason, weren't very consistent. Sometimes excellent, sometimes just ok -- for the same dishes.I don't frequently venture away from the dishes I like, but I've ordered quite a few items at Taste of Bengal that have been excellent. I'm rarely, if ever, disappointed by something new.My favorites: Paneer Butter Masala, Lamb or Goat Korma, Banana Lamb, Pineapple Beef, ANY biryani. Also, the naan is excellent. I usually just get the plain, but the garlic is good too.Also worth mentioning, I have a pretty severe allergy to poultry, including broth or anything touching or even stirred with the same utensil as poultry. I always make a note of this and have NEVER once had a problem with Bengal. This is usually a pretty good indication of cleanliness, if you ask me, and it's REALLY appreciated.
The food is amazing here. The bhaingan bharta (the eggplant dish) was very tasty--like the ones you eat at home. The shami kebab was amazing. So was the rasmalai. The restaurant is a family owned. The parents are at the back cooking. The son at front hosting. The place is small but it is worth trying. Loved the food and hospitality. Thank you for great food.
i could have given 2 stars because i have experienced better. i'm a sucker, don't want to bring down a mom and pop business. from the other reviews people seemed genuinely satisfied. i prefer seva.i'm not terribly daring so i only get the chicken korma and raita. they use dark meat that can seem questionable, but it was edible. although they clearly use spices, it wasn't flavorful, neither the sauce or the raita. their korma has cashews, didn't see any.the price is fair, $12.99 as you get a drink or dessert and one appetizer. delivery was on time, not super speedy, but what you'd expect.
Ordered delivery from here last night and the food was really excellent. We got the chicken korma, lamb curry and chicken masala, as well as the veggie and chicken samosas and some naan. The lamb curry was definitely my favorite of the bunch. Samosas were perfect, though I preferred the chicken to the veggie. I found the chicken tikka a little on the dry-side, buy my friend loved it. The delivery took a little longer than expected, but only by about 10-15 minutes. Would definitely order from here again.
Wonderful hole in the wall-and-authentic Pakistani food. (A gem in the rough!)  I think it's owned by a mom/daughter. They have AMAZING, fresh, chicken samosas. I think they're the best I've had in the U.S. The savory chicken and perfect crispiness of the dough will make you want to order more than just one. I LOVE their Tamarind/Imli Chatnee. It taste amazing when paired with a samosa. I wish they sold it in Masons jars tied with a ribbon, I'd totally buy!!! ;-) Taste of Bengal has other great options as well-Chicken 65, Beef Chuck/Chick Pea curry, and great cold lemonade on hot sunny days. It's right across the street and I think this is going to be my new go-to-home cooked-feeling-place. Don't forget to go during lunch, I think they have an amazing deal for like an appetizer, an entree, and drink for like 8 dollars or something like that. It's a good deal.
Fantastic food.  When we called to order, the woman on the phone recommended a potato appetizer, which was DELICIOUS.  My boyfriend thought his chicken biriyani was very good, and I really enjoyed my Fish Dopiazo.Generous portions and good prices.  We'll definitely order again!
Great experience. It was my first visit to the restaurant. Its a very small place but the food is wonderfully tasty. I'd say its the most ethnic indian/bangali restaurant in the area. Don't forget to try vegetable korma and fish baryani. Would surelygo back inshaAllah
I've eaten from here twice and every time the food has been on point.The first time I came, my boyfriend and I decided to dine in. Dine in Service -I guess the cooks (old man and woman guessing husband and wife) don't really speak english because once our order was taken from the young man (who left to make a delivery) no body came to us to give us water or utensils. Then a young lady (waitress/daughter) came in 20 minutes later and everything seem to go back to order. We didn't mind because she came just as our food came out and we were just relaxing anyway. They felt so bad about the service they gave us 2 Mango Lassis on the house. Can't beat that.Food- Soooo yummy. Compared to the other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood you can taste the freshness and seasoning in the food. On our first visit we had the minced meat appetizer that was soo good with Chaag Paneer and Lamb Paneer. Then we ordered out lamb biryani with Chaag Saag and Lamb Paneer. Both dishes were really good. The fact is, if you want good quality Indian food, where you'll actually taste the different spices in the dish then go here.
I have only had their chicken samosas.   They were pretty good (I have had better) but since they are next door to my job I have no problem ordering from them again.  Overall not bad.
What's with the bad reviews here? I have ordered food from here twice atleast 7 times from here and it has to be the best Indian food. I am a vegetarian, so I haven't ordered any other stuff, but its really delicious. Its not super oily and doesn't give you that weird heart burn feeling that Namaste always does. Love the mushroom balti, chana saag, and vegetable jalfraze.
To say I'm disappointed with their service would be an understatement. After ordering for delivery they were 45 minutes late and I called to cancel my order. They have no communication with their own employees or with those who are ordering from them. I will not even attempt to try this place again in the future - delivery or in person.
Ordered from here based on yelp ratings. I was extremely disappointed.  Had chicken vidaloo and chicken tikka masala. Both sauces were so watery. Almost like soup. The naan was good and delivery was quick. Maybe it was an off day.
Great food and service. Especially their Chicken Tikka Biryani is a favorite of mine.
Yum!  Definitely the best Indian in Astoria ~ and at reasonable prices!!  Choice of basmati OR naan with your entree.  Yup, if you're hankering for some naan with your lamb vindaloo, you don't gotta pay an extra 5 bucks.  Woot!
Every Friday for the past year my partner and I order ToB delivery specials. ~$30 for two chicken samosas, an order of palak paneer, an order of chicken tikka masala, two orders of rice, an order of naan, and two sodas/mango lassis. This makes for a good full meal each, plus the next day's lunch for each.Plus they deliver in about 35 minutes every time, despite our being about a mile away and up four flights of stairs.The food is the best Indian I've ever had--even delivered, I prefer it to Panna II or D.C.'s Woodlands--and am frequently thinking about ordering it twice in a week. I took my parents to eat my favorite Indian food back home (their first time, can you believe it?) and, despite my remembering it being the best, came home sorely disappointed, saying again and again:"It's not Taste of Bengal. It's just not Taste of Bengal."
Ordered from here on Seamless - if you're doing the same, pick any of the other indian places!  Our naan was barely cooked in the middle, and my boyfriend said his vindaloo was terrible - bad sauce and gross, low-quality chicken.  My channa paneer was fine but boring, mango lassi was good, and the samosas were good, but I was so skeeved out by the thought of weird chicken.  ew!
OMG! This was the best Indian restaurant I've ever eaten that, ever. The  Chicken  samosas far surpassed  the deliciousness of any I've ever had in the past. I also have but  chicken korma... I was speechless the entire time I eat it and was so glad I had leftovers for the next day. Not sure if I'll ever order from my other  regular places again. I highly recommend that everybody who likes Indian food and lives in Astoria adds this place to their list!
The food here is fantastic, and they have the best chicken samosas ever!  Really nice folks too. The prices are very reasonable, esp the $7.50 lunch special.
This place is really not that good. There are so many Indian restaurants in Astoria that if they want to stay alive in the 30th ave neighborhood. And they're not that cheap either, for what you get, that is. Bland flavorless food that's liquidy and no exotic spices. For the same all day delivery special, do yourself a favor and order from Gandhi or seva.
Hands down this is my favorite Indian joint in Astoria. My husband and I have only ordered delivery and it has never disappointed. The chana saag is superb and the eggplant is pretty tasty as well.
This family run business brings some seriously good Indian delivery to a neighborhood that has been seriously lacking in it!We've ordered a numbers of times from them now, the food is consistently cheap and delicious and the family that cooks and delivers is very nice and does their best to be quick and efficient. We've had chicken dishes, rice dishes, appetizers, bread, pretty much the spectrum of the menu and they have all been delicious and huge in quantity!
This place does not deserve 4 stars. I've given it 3 tries already and have been consistently disappointed. Aloo Gobi was vegetables in greasy water with a dash of discernable curry...maybe some turmeric too. The servings are SMALL, like half the size of Seva or Namaste. The vegetable samosas are really salty and tiny. I'm talking half-the-size-of-my-palm tiny and I'm a petite 100 lb girl! I don't know how this place can even hold a torch to some of the other places in the neighborhood. Take your money where you'll get some authentic Indian food (not Pakistan or Bangladesh), the real deal and a full adult size serving.
I had their Chicken curry.  It was tasty with chicken breast cubes and no bones.  Curry was mild with no spicy hotness.  Their $7.50 lunch menu and $12.95 delivery combo is a good deal in Astoria for good quality Indian food.
Went for the lunch special and got chicken vindaloo with Naan. Food was good, portions alright. But sadly they left out part of the order which I didnt realize until later.  While I was waiting someone returned to the store with a similar problem. What I got was fine though. May give it another try.
I love the food at Taste of Bengal. The lunch menu consists of a samosa, entree, rice and a drink, all for $7.50. I ordered my meal mild and it was absolutely perfect. My husband's meal was ordered spicy and it certainly had a kick to it. It was way to spicy for me, but perfect for people who like to feel the heat. The serving size was small, however we didn't expect much for the price. Overall, a pleasant tasty dining experience.
I ordered the Chana Paneer and the Baigan Bhartha. The Baigan Bhartha has a magical smoky flavor, and the Chana Paneer has a good ratio of chickpeas and paneer to sauce. Both were delicious -- flavorful, savory, and carefully seasoned. I'm eating the leftovers for lunch right now.
Ordered here for the first time tonight. Deeeeeeee-licious!!!! Had the chicken tikka masala, saag paneer and naan with tamarind sauce. All tasted homemade and fresh. Definitely one of my (new) favorite Indian restaurants in Astoria!
Food arrived quickly and very hot, ingredients were fresh and tasty, and the shrimp saag was flavorful without being so spicy that one cannot taste the relatively delicate flavor of the shrimp anymore. The samosa dough was light and flaky, not tough, chewy and overly greasy as I've had from other places. Will definitely order from this place again.
