Small little gem on Mc Dougal street ...Have been a big fan of this place since quality of Kathi Roll Company has gone down!! Tried Paneer Roll /Okra Roll/Chicken Roll ..Loved all of them ..Also their masala tea is amazing !! Will definitely try again..Buy the rolls snd enjoy them in Washington Square Park which is next door !!
The food was just ok. Nothing great! The spice almost killed me. It said one spice but could not take another bite. Also the roti used was very hard and chewy. Better try the Kati roll shop just in front of this place. The spice was controlled and roti soft and perfect.
The tiny space serves up amazing Indian snacks. It is the best place to relive the Indian street food taste.We tried all the items on the menu on multiple occassions. The Phal roll true to the description is overly spicy order it only if you can handle thr spice. They serve the best Bhel puri in the area. The Tawa chicken with paraths is another all time favorite. The vegetable rolls are spicy and tangy. They fall short of the chicken rolls anyday. The aloo roll tastes like the aloo paratha made in most traditional Indian households.The best way to enjoy their food is to take it along to the Washington Square Park for an evening of wonderful food and some free entertainment
I've been here a few times. Ordered a Chicken Roll. Forgot the name but it's always juicy and well seasoned.
I only ever get the chicken malai roll but it is so delicious! It is definitely something that I have regular cravings for and will take the subway just to get the roll
The food here was amazing! i ordered the Tawa Chicken w/ Paratha and the chicken was well cooked and delicious! the paratha was very delicious as well. Definitely going back again soon! Not a place to go with a lot of people tough, very small place. Great for take out in my opinion.
Definitely get the jhal muri! Super yummy! Ask for less onions and mild. The aloo paneer is a little spicy
This tiny storefront on Macdougal offers up a wide range of kati rolls (think: a small Indian burrito) and other snacks.At $4-6 a roll, you'll get a thin layer of paratha bread rolled around some savory, spicy fillings (egg, chicken, paneer, potato, et al). No matter your choice (the lime paneer and aloo paneer, both made with fresh cheese and plenty of coriander, are recommended), it makes for a tasty light lunch or snack to fuel a stroll around the Village. Not as well known as the pioneering Kati Roll company across the street, skip the lines and pull up a stool at Thelewala.
One of the best Indian fast food joints in the city. Small place with pick up options. Chaplin roll with lamb is to die for. Chicken phall roll totally burnt my mouth hence cooked it down with another chicken roll. Again one of the best options on bleaker street!
Service here is terrible. They don't follow the order in which you place your order. Classic Indian style. It's first come first demand to get your order. Some girl ordered after us and got her food before us even though we ordered before her. Tight space. Just go to Kati roll across the street.
Hole in the wall with yummilicious kathi rolls and snacks. Do try out their signature chicken roll, bhelpuri and chai. Pocket friendly prices (~$6 for a roll) for great food. Only bottled water available which costs $1.50.
A superb joint for great, authentic Indian street food: especially eastern Indian food! Just picked up an Achari Paneer Kati Roll: made to order: piping hot & super fresh!!Obviously, at 3.30 pm in the afternoon, there was no wait but even during peak times, the service has been pretty quick and the quality of food is superb!Returning again soon!
Had the chapli roll. It was very flavorful. Not much space for seating so I and my friends had to find someplace else to sit.Friends also liked their options.
Been eating here regularly since they opened and I always tip.  Asked for a cup of water with my food and was disappointed to be refused and told to buy a bottle.  When I told the guy that it wasn't cool, he opened up a bottle of water in front of me and drank it out of spite.  The food is really good I'm not going to lie, just don't like that type of BS.  Do with that what you will
Love the rolls here. We had the chicken phall roll and chapli roll, both were amazing. Ask for spicy if you can handle it. Makes for a great post night out snack.
Awesome food and rolls, loved it! Fast service and so cheap, must visit...just the place is small to miss and fit in too many people at once!
My husband and I shared a  spicy telewala roll and experienced discomfort while returning back home . It's really spicy . I had telewala chicken (non spicy one ) which was good. Pani puri had only tamarind sauce - it was ok .
A little place across the street from the famous Kati roll. They definitely have friendly staff with a great attitude. I had the malai chicken roll, which was pretty decent in terms of the meat and  the egg it comes with, just seemed to lack a bit of a kick i expect from Indian food. The other rolls such as Okra roll seemed to have some issues in consistent seasoning. Other ones we tried were the Masala Aloo (Spicy potato roll), however it also seemed to lack seasoning with an odd dry taste. Overall, i believe this place has good potential if they make minor modifications to flavors since some of their items seem pretty good and popular with others who seemed to be regular visitors from around the area.
Loved the egg roll with chilies here. Good stuff!
Just finished eating the gobi roll, tasted more like a raw onion roll with barely any pieces of the cauliflower and slim stuffing. Breath is smelling of raw onions. Waste of my money, should have gone to Kati Roll opposite.
Like:Cheap and fast foodOptions for herbivores and carnivoresLocationDon't like:Very small and cramped placeFood tastes mediocre
Just had an enjoyable, quick and simple late night meal here. Walked in around 1115/1130pm after a long night at work. Ordered the okra roll and the classic egg roll. Service: Woman behind the counter was extremely pleasant and also cooked the food. Food: I was the only person there, so she made my rolls right in front of me. Great flavors mixing together, obviously fresh off the grill. Overall, very satisfied. Price: under $9. No complaints there. Overall: deliver exactly what they promised - fresh, delicious and flavorful Indian street food.
I wanted to love this place more then Kati Roll, but I have to say that I did not.For starters the place is really tiny and cramped, making it difficult to eat inside and it literally took what felt like ages to get our food, in this case didn't really care because I wanted my rolls so badHere is my take on all the rolls I had, while I love spicy and tons of spices on my food, I do not love it at the expense of masking the flavor of the meat. Chapli Roll: I expected much more lamb flavor, the spice overpowered most of the flavor in the rollTHELEwala Chicken Roll: Again, spice overpowered the flavors of the roll, Chata Pata Paneer Roll: Less spices on this roll, but not enough paneer to really stand out.Will have to come back to taste again either way just to make sure I still feel the same way
I love this place! Every time I have a friend in town I take them here. The Chicken Malai is always my favorite and I ask for extra spicy. The place is tiny but beautiful and they play fun music. The staff is very nice as well! One of my favorite places to get a quick and delicious bite in the Village.
When they ask to "spice up" your order, one should know the food mix already contains a certain amount of hotness. I found this out the hard way and wound up breathing fire.This tiny walk up on MacDougal has 4 guys packed into a small space and each has a unique function to support the over all place. Nice easy to read menu. I will have to visit this again for another impression, but I did like the lamb rollup that reminded me of a burrito.
OK i was bored one day after meeting with clients in the village....I was walking around macdougal ST reading menus and enjoying the early evening....Saw this place and I was like ok let me check this place out....AMAZING..AMAZING....I don't even remember what I ordered but it all looked really good...So its 4.50 and I was like Crap this is going So small.....WRONG 1 is enough if you are kinda hungry or if you want to be totally stuffed order 2I can say with complete confidence I have never had anything so tasty for under 5 dollars that filled me up.They cook the tortilla thingy fresh for you from liquid batter!  how cool is that....
NYT named this place Top 10 Inexpensive Eats in NYC. Me and my friends stumbled upon this place randomly and I'm so glad we did! This place serves Indian Street Cart Food and it serves this niche phenomenally. Chapli Roll (Minced lamb rolls, red onions, lime and fried eggs): This was our favorite. The lamb was sooooo juicy and deliciously spiced. The fresh lime juice added just the right amount of bright acidity and the red onions gave it a little sweetness. IT WAS SO DAMN GOOD.THELEwala Chicken Roll (Fried eggs, red onions, house blend spices and lime): this was also delicious, but I just personally prefer lamb.Service was very friendly and helpful. The staff clearly takes great pride in what they do. They're open late and would make perfect drunk food. But I really really enjoyed eating this sober. Highly recommend! I'll be back again!
Delicious rolls, you probably won't be full with just one, so it's a little on the pricey side if you buy two. I also had their chai tea which is not the sweetened sort of latte you find in Starbucks, beware. Overall very authentic and fragrant food, but a small restaurant so take it to go!I would have voted 4 stars but I was very unsatisfied with the service, they took an order from someone who came in after me and were rude to me when I was ordering and claiming that I was ahead of the other person.
Great food. Best value for money.Try the chapli roll, it is absolutely delicious (and a bit spicy).Will definitely go back again.
200 people already said everything about this place, I concur to their opinions. Delicious, fresh, and fast!!
The Nizami rolls here are good (shout out to the chapli roll, which is pretty awesome), but let me let you in a little secret - the chaat is the real winner here.  Seriously, I haven't had chaat this good in a restaurant in the US in a long time, maybe ever.  It's surprisingly cheap and very filling - that and a cup of chai has become the go-to for me.Also, getting something for-here at this place is a good way to practice your non-Euclidean geometry; how the heck you intend to find a place to sit with the people milling about looking at the menu is beyond me.
I love the food here but the service is not great at all. I love their golgappas and the rolls. Although whenever I have been, being a vegetarian my rolls are given the last preference and I only get them after reminding them a couple of times. Once they even used the same pair of gloves as used for meat rolls when I had mentioned that I am a vegetarian. Spicy for them means green chillies and not red-chilli powder or something like chaat masala which is very unlikely in a roll place. I tried it once, twice but even the third time it was the same. Disappointing that the service and some things here and there make it disappointing.
I really love this place! Started going here for lunch because it's right near where I work. The lime paneer is out of this world. I honestly haven't tried anything else because I like it so well. How spicy it is seems to depend on the day and I like it particularly hot so I always ask for extra spice. If you don't like spicy food you should probably specify that when you order! The prices are pretty good-- definitely a bargain for the quality of food you get but I wouldn't mind the rolls being a bit cheaper. It's around $5 or $6 for one, which is usually plenty to fill me up for lunch. It's also open late but I'm not usually in the area at night so I haven't tried it out then. Definitely give it a shot!
If you like Indian food and you are in the market for a quick and cheap snack - go. It's a unique take on Calcutta street food wraps.  Great flavor and just the right about of spice.
Thelewala is the only place I will get kati roll since I found it almost a year ago.Their kati roll is better than all the competitors.CHAPLI ROLL is my choice.They don't skimp on the meat for sure.
So exciting to see the three magic words: Calcutta kathi rolls. The rolls were tasty and cheap. The people were friendly and the place comfy. But still sadly far from an authentic roll. They used warmed tortilla instead of paratha, the egg wasn't coated and fried on the bread but that's trifling. The only thing that really saddened me was the meat. I tried 3 and none of them tasted the least bit "right". Incidentally, chicken phall isn't flat tasting roast checking breasts with handful of chopped chillis thrown in surely? Oh what wouldn't I give for a good real street side greasy dirty egg mutton rollOne thing that was fantastic was the egg chilli bread (anda bhurji, by another name) but nothing very cal-esq. A nice treat would be a couple if slices of street style toast butter and sugar with some "mumlette"
STICK TO THE ROLLS! It's the only section that I think is worth getting. Although it has that Mom-Pop feel: small & cozy, GREAT music (India's version of top 40's!), and fresh food made on the SPOT... it's really NOT the authentic Indian food that I was hoping for. I wanted Naan and samosa, which they didn't have. Nor did they have any curry. I just felt like everything was just too dry!I got the:Thelewala chicken roll: 3/5. It felt healthy eating it; the meat was lean and overall, it was goodChapli roll: 4/5, is more spicy and flavorful. Much tastier. Tawa Chicken Fry: 1/5TERRIBLE!! The chicken was sooo dry! They only gave out TWO flimsy pieces of what tasted like tortillas to go with it. BLEH! Sure, you may think it's quite affordable for $5.50/roll. But their rolls are pretty tiny!
Food is delicious but soooo slow.  I ordered and was told my food would be ready in ten minutes.  20 min later it came.  For a mamoons style place food should be done in less than 5.  Maybe just don't come at lunch
This is a cute small place, not ideal for groups but good for some fast food. I love their aloo paneer rolls.
Definitely a stand-out.  Menu is somewhat limited, but very different.  Everything I've had here has been delicious.  And, oh yeah, when it says spicy, it IS spicy!
Freshly prepared, tasty, Indian street food. Very affordable and quick. Limited seating space. Ideal for a quick bite or takeout.
Seriously, I have no idea why I havent reviewed this awesome place before!!! Been going here since it opened and everytime it's been so darn tasty!  I even got coworkers going (one of which when it was warmer out was going 3x a week!!).  So ya...it's legit and it's GOOD.  Their service is way faster than Kati Roll across the st or Masala Times around the corner.  Spicy has a nice kick to it and I always get the chapli roll (minced lamb...yum) but i know my coworker gets the lime paneer and the egg rolls and also says their tea is good.
Delicious, real food.And real people.  Right after I ordered food, i realized i'd forgotten my $.  When I told them, they cooked it anyway and said to just pay them later.  Very nice about it.  Not that I'm encouraging everyone to go try that line on them!   but how nice to have a human encounter, not just a money transaction.
Really like this place and the chapli (lamb) roll is great!  Limey and spicey and meaty goodness.  They have CHAI too!  They also have a good selection of Bollywood songs playing (no, it's not all the same).  Remember, if you like your food spicy, make sure you ask when you place your order, and they won't skimp on the chilis.
Your taste buds will hate you for burning them to a char after eating the Chicken phall roll, the spiciest thing on the menu, but they will love you afterwards and beg for more
Service is still amazing as ever! I can't say enough about how nice the guys who work here are! I've never had a knock-your-socks-off experience here in terms of the food, but the service definitely makes up for it.Last time I was here I got the ghugni, a chickpea dish. It was good but not outstanding--spicy and hearty.I still would probably advise that you steer clear of the okra roll due to my prior experience, but based on my friend's reactions, definitely give the egg roll and the paneer roll a try! Oh yeah I also forgot to mention that the lamb roll is terrific.
Mmmmm - yummy good food, easy to go with a 5-minute wait.I've walked past this place dozens of times until I decided to stop in one fateful Tuesday night.  Seeing a crowd of Indian-Americans chowing down, I felt good and ordered what sounded good to me - a lamb roll thingy I can't remember the name of.Six minutes later, out it comes piping hot.  So good, so flavorful, so yummy.  Not as cheap as say Mamoun's, but definitely very good and worth an addition to the rotation.The place is on the smaller side, with minimal stool seating and weak air conditioning, but for authentic Indian cart-style food it's hard to beat.
Kitchen looks clean enough , but how about wiping off the counters once in awhile?! Chai too mild for me. Bhel puri a little too hot for me, but u can ask him to adjust heat (it was my first time so i needed to test it out). Friendly customers. Obliging cooks. Very tasty!
This place is a great place for a quick bite.It's rally not much more than a takeout window (there are a few stools) but no restroom.The flavors are bright and fresh, I recommend the Chapli roll, peanut masala, and the lime paneer roll.I like hot food and they prepare it hot, but on request they will make it spicy enough for Southern Asian show-offs to enjoy.
I can't speak to the authenticity, but I know what I like. And Thelewala's rolls were too salty, out of balance with texture and flavor, and the roll itself was chewy to the point of almost being jerky.Additionally, the staff seems unable to manage when they get busy. I was there on a Saturday evening for a quick take out that took nearly 20 minutes for me to get my order. Several times, the kitchen ground to a halt when there was a little confusion about an order. The cook only used about a third of the appreciable grill space, even though the place was packed like sardines in a tin can.Ah, Kati Roll Co., when will you re-open? I miss you.
Man...I really wanted to like this place. The service was absolutely fantastic. However, the food just didn't deliver. This place probably gets a 5 stars in service. Though the place is small, the guys at the front are really friendly, accommodating and actually care about how you feel and who you are. They are happy, polite, and make a huge difference when ordering.Sadly, the problem is that this place is essentially a copy of Kati Roll across the street, but not as good. I've had the:Chicken malai and Chapli- Both of these rolls are comparable to what you can get at Kati Roll, sadly they aren't as good. The flavors are a bit stranger, and muted. It's a bit muddy I guess. You don't really get that feeling where you want to have more and more of it. I do think the Chapli is the better roll, as the flavors work better together, however, I think they may use too much seasoning or something. I guess it just felt a bit too heavy handed.I can't see myself coming here again, especially since Kati Roll is just across the street.
First time trying the Nizami rolls, but ive got to say I like kati rolls better,  I ordered the achari aloo tikki roll and the chicken roll.  The chicken roll was dry, not enough fat, the achari aloo tikki roll with potatoes was missing something, maybe an egg component.  The wrap itself was a little drier.  They do pack it with some good chilis however.  Price wise is about average to above average, Students get discounts i believe 10%.  Workers are friendly and will customize your order the way you like it.  They make each order on the spot fresh.
Authentic Indian rolls in the village area, I just love that!. Have tried a host of other kati roll joints in nyc also the next door kati Roll company with that, I come to the conclusion this place is one of the best places to try the rolls. They are way better than the ones at kati roll company. They also have bhel puri which is also very tasty.
Most people don't know this, but 'Thelewala' translates (by my approximation) to 'real goddamn tasty.' I'd finally hit this spot after weeks of walking past it ("Ah, next time, next time.. falafel today, Thelewala tomorrow..") and, upon doing so, it did not disappoint.I grabbed a pair of rolls -- Lime Paneer (grilled cheese, lime, coriander) and Achari Aloo Tikki (potatoes, red onions, coriander) -- and stomped up to the park. I've since repeated this event three, four times, and am always so happy to do so. Fresh, crisp flavors, plus they'll spice shit up proper if you make the request.
Kept having cravings for the kati rolls after having 'em at Thelewala.  Tiny space but relatively quick service for their made to order "dishes."  Liked both the Chicken Kati & the Lime Paneer.  Liked the decor - has character.
you can never go wrong with this place. The wraps are absolutely fresh and amazing. Most important thing is that it is consistent every single time I go. I had wraps at Kharti Roll before but they are not the same as this place. It taste a heck of a lot fresher.
I used to be a regular at Kati roll company  till the first time I ate at Thelewala. Their rolls are fresh, well spiced and tastier than kati roll. Peanut chat and jalmoori have authentic indian taste! Once I ran out of cash and was dying because of the chillies. The owner gave me a bottle of water for free. In New York, that is like height of niceness.
Chapli roll with minced lamb and egg. And that is all. Just kidding, but seriously, it was DELICIOUS! This is Indian street food at its' finest. We got a couple different rolls and shared and also a chickpea appetizer. Spicy as fu*k, but good! And chai tea. I loved it all! MacDougal street is the best. Also, I chatted with the owner for quite awhile and it turned out that he used to live in the Atlanta suburb that I grew up in! He kept telling me how much he loved my laugh - that it sounded like a teenager. Well, THANK you! I'll take that as a compliment. :) Anyway, yeah, definitely check this place out if you're in the area and you want a quick and tasty bite.
Good late night drunk food. If you're torn between getting a burrito and getting Indian food, there's no need to decide anymore. The rolls here are a nice cheap little snack. Filling but not overly so, all the different menu options are quite flavorful. I always bring my out of town friends here after an evening at Comedy Cellar.
Wow! This place is such an unexpected find! I bookmarked this a while ago after reading about it but only made it there recently. The food is delicious and definitely better than the roti at Kati Roll! It's such a small space though but I'd definitely come back again and get food to go. I loved the okra roll!
This is a small place with 4-5 seating spots - not really designed for a sit-down kinda meal.Went there with my kids and they loved the rolls and the spicy bhel (they avoid spicy food so it was interesting to see them complaining about how spicy but good it was). Highly recommended.
Tried the Chicken Phall roll, it was HOT! & I have a very high heat tolerance, it was like having Dave's insanity sauce. So the heat kind of masked the tru flavor of the roll. My friend got a chicken dish rest was pretty good, none of it was amazing though
The Chicken Malai Roll was tasty, though portion was small and overpriced at $5.00 each. I have a decent appetite so I would need at least 2-3 rolls for dinner. I refuse to spend $15.00 for 3 rolls so had to walk away after eating one. Also, they did not have any sauce with the roll. :-( In my opinion, there should have been 2 rolls for $5-$6.The Puchkas were a real let down. Not authentic, too little water, small portions for 5 bucks.The place does not evoke the authentic indian "thelewala" experience at all. True "thelewala" food is yummy, cheap, spicy, and sooooooo much fun! This was a bit of a disappointment.The space is poorly used, the stairs were in the way, there was no way to move, too crowded, too cramped.Don't fall for the 4 stars. This is 2 stars at best.
Ok - really I'm torn between service and food.Service - 5wow it was really refreshing and wonderful. I was not expecting such friendliness from such a small place. I certainly wasn't expecting the super polite, smiling, and attentive man behind the counter.Food: 1I don't think you quite understand how excited I was to eat at this place. I saw the reviews from the menu out in front and read the menu and started salivating imagining all those ingredients tantalizing my taste buds and not leaving me in peace until I stuffed myself silly and came back again and again. But I guess I should have lowered my standards.I ordered Okra Roll: The menu said "simply divine". I don't think so. Okra already tastes like something between an eggplant and asparagus, and i love okra, but this really just tasted like grilled asparagus, but i hate asparagus. (so yes I am a little biased) Although there were spices it just didn't taste right - and I had to force myself to finish it. It was dry and cardboard ish. Maybe you may think it just wasn't my cup of tea - maybe so - but i would never recommend this to anyone.Chapli Roll: I told myself one vegetable roll and one meat roll - and since its Indian - how could I pass up lamb? i should have gone for chicken. This one didn't blow me away - better than okra though. The lamb I could taste was thoroughly seasoned - maybe too much (?) - but didn't leave me satisfied, something was missing. I had a few bites, thought it was OK. Funnily enough I thought it tasted better as leftovers the day after. ( i guess if the spices marinate long enough it tastes better together?)And the one thing I can say that really impressed me was that I could taste the freshness of everything - which was really great. I don't doubt their quality or service for a second - but ... I'm iffy on coming back for the food - if only to try to change my mind.
Came here by mistake thinking it was Kati Roll, which is across the street. Still have to try that one but Thelewala is pretty damn legit. I tried the chapli roll, which has lamb, onions, and fried egg (I think). About 9 inches (I inquired) and should fill you nicely for a quick lunch. Savory minced lamb well spiced and bursting with flavor. Will be back.
Packed in among the string of cafes, restaurants and food stalls lining MacDougal Street, north of Bleecker, stands THELEwala one of my favorite eating spots in the West Village.  THELEwala's a tiny spot that serves up Indian street cart food that according to the owners--you'd find in Calcutta.  The food here's BIG on Indian flavors and spices.  Situated in the middle of the block, you'll know when you come to it by their tall storefront window lined with NY Times, NY Mag, and Village Voice reviews touting the tongue tingling spiciness of the food.  Once you locate this place, I'd suggest that you quickly place yourself on the other side of that window and climb the short flight of stairs inside to some of the most well-crafted and delicious food around.  Once you're upstairs (the place looks down on MacDougal Street), you'll find a space that has just enough room for you to place your order at a small counter and grab one of the four or five stools that line the narrow eating counter.The menu here is mostly what we're used to calling Kati Rolls at other Indian spots like Kati Roll Company, but THELEwala refers to theirs as "Famous Calcutta Nizami Roll." The packed rolls come in two types, vegetarian and non-vegetarian.  I've only tried two of the ten or more available, so I can only talk about them.  My favorite is the Chapli Roll and it's a spicy roll filled with shavings of minced, fried eggs and red onions rolled into a paper thin piece of flat bread.  This is a hot and spicy roll that you will never forget.  The Chicken Roll is good too, but it's not quite as spicy as the lamb.  On the other hand though, the Tawa Chicken plate that comes with paratha (pan-cooked bread) on the side packs a real spicy kick and is another of my favorites.  And if you're thirsty they always keep an urn of Chai tea at the readiness.  I've been stopping by this place a few years now, since they opened, and have never once been disappointed.   I give this place my highest rating!
Really tasty cheap dinner or late night drunken snack.  The chicken roll here is juicy and nicely spiced.  The okra is really flavorful. And the egg is on point. The ingredients are pretty good quality and the food comes out fresh out of the kitchen.It is a bit slow though so it's not exactly fast food.  And the space is pretty tiny and it's not the most comfortable to eat. But, hey when it's this tasty, you'll wolf it down quickly anyway.
Okay, let's be clear: this isn't actually comparable to Indian/Bangladeshi street food in any way, shape, or form. The texture is there, but the flavors are like 10% of what you'd expect in South Asia. I was really, really excited about finding phuchka/pani puri in NYC, but the stuff I got here was totally disappointing. DON'T ORDER IT. That said, the lime paneer roll was a total delight, as were some of the chaats. And the price is perfect. So yeah, bottom line: great food at great prices, but a FAR CRY from the "real thing."Yeah, I'm an asshole. Whatever.
You can see the review and guess this place is great!I'm totally a fan of this place, whether that be the thelewala chicken roll, or the 'bhel pori' and 'Jamal Moori' (funny spellings..lol!), and I totally recommend trying this with instructions to make it extra spicy if you have a drift for it!Also, while at it, try the across the road 'Kati Roll' place as well!
Yo!  Kick you ass hot!! is what I'm talking about!!!THELEwala Chicken Roll is the BOMB. A blend of spices and lime.. Yepp!So happy I stumbled upon this spot..
This place has AMAZING food. I am vegetarian so my two favorite rolls are: Lime Paneer Roll and Aloo Kati Roll (very spicy). Each roll costs somewhere around $4-5.Nice place to go to before/after you are about to hit bars.
I am SO impressed by this place. One for the fantastic decor...you hardly ever see Indian joints with such an artsy decor. Whoever they employed to do their interiors did a kick ass job. Secondly I love the menu...the roti rolls are solid but I love that they also have pani puri, which if you are a fan of Indian chaat food is the ultimate Mumbai chaat option. I also love that their aromatic masala chai...again part of the quintessential Indian cart food experience.They have a fan in me.
Its amazing how a place like Kati Roll even works after this place opened up. The most authentic Kathi rolls I have eaten in the United States. Food quality and taste is sublime!
The kati rolls are legit. I get the thelewala chicken if I'm in the mood for something light on the waistline, but still delicious. Otherwise, chapli roll is where the magic is at. Apparently their veg stuff is great, too, but I can't comment on that.
I was told this place gives the Kati Roll company a run for the money, and it sure did. Got here at 11:15am and was told by the very friendly owner that they actually open in 15 minutes, but since it's cold and snowing outside, if we were welcome to stick around if we wanted to stay there and keep warm. Hello? I thought we were in New York?I had the lamb roll, and it was excellent. Only thing to keep in mind, was very juicy and a little drippy. However, it did not deter things. Good food, good attitude by the staff, definitely coming back.
Fresh, spicy and tasty excellent choice for price right lunch to go.
Jelly and I were walking around the neighborhood looking for a bite when she had the brilliant clarity of mind to say "let's go in here", even though at the time this was one of the only empty joints on Macdougal at peak dinner time. Neither one of us had heard of Thelewala (*gasp* I know...I'm not sure how we didn't know about it).We ordered the Chapli Roll and the Tawa Chicken Fry - both were actually somewhat similar in the spices that were used, but the Chapli Roll really stood out in my mind. The combination of the lamb, the roti, the spiciness were perfect together. A really great snack or meal that is tasty, affordable and portable.It's definitely a great find in my book...I'm already craving that Chapli Roll.
If you like kati rolls but don't like all the grease and guilt that comes with eating them, then Thelewala is for you.You'll find excellent, flavorful food that will keep your mouth burning for a few minutes. In a good way.If there's one down side, it'd have to be that it's a little cramped for you to be comfortable enough to eat there... But it's a hole-in-the-wall restaurant. What more do you really expect?Overall, this place is a MUST-visit.
There are a lot of things that you can miss if you don't look hard enough.  The right exit on the freeway, the perfect pair of shoes, the exact point where you invest in a company.   There are also places that once you find it, no matter how small and easy to miss it is, you'll never forget about them.  THELEwala is such a place, and now that I have been there, I will never forget it!THELEwala is a new business just south of Washington Square Park that takes on a little-known corner on Indian food: Indian cart food.  These are much like the hot dog stands in cities like New York, except that instead of hot dogs, they serve chaatwala and masala chai.  Now, don't worry, all you health-centric collegians!  This place has earned a Grade A in Health Inspection.  All of the food is prepared fresh on the spot and never reheated, and all of the chicken served is farm-grown without any hormones and antibiotics.One of their most celebrated dishes (and by far my favorite!) is the Calcutta Nizami Rolls.  This is a tradition from Calcutta, India, and is truly a testament to Indian cart food.  It is akin to a wrap, except it utilizes spices traditionally used for Indian cuisine, like coriander and cumin, as well as extra virgin olive oil.  Now I have a bit of experience with Indian cuisine, but this is something I have never heard of before, so I had no idea what to expect.  Fortunately, Nisar, the manager, recommended to me the Chicken Malai Roll.  I chose to take his suggestion, and within a few minutes, I was presented with a modest-yet powerful Nizami Roll!  I took the first bite, and I have to say, I've never tasted Indian food so amazing!  It was a symphony of flavors, both savory and spicy, powerful, yet not overwhelming.  As I mentioned, this place is rather small.  There is very little sitting room.  Don't let that discourage you, though.  All of their dishes are available for takeout, and there is even a delivery service that reaches from 14th to Canal, and Broadway to Hudson.  Their hours are 11 am to 2 am at night, with hours extending to 5 am on Fridays and Saturdays.  Delivery is available until 11 pm each night, and is limited to orders of $10 minimum.  Sitting in, when available, is a very pleasant experience, with authentic Indian décor, popular Indian music, and a pleasant, well-mannered staff.  You really feel like you have a bit of India in a small corner of Manhattan!And here's the part all you students are gonna love: all students may present their ID to receive a 10% discount!  There is a coupon for this, but as most students do not own a printer of their own, students are not required to present one.  This is a huge plus if, like me, you often find yourself low of funds and in a hurry.So, would I recommend this place?  Definitely!  It's a good place to sit down, enjoy some unique Indian food, and just enjoy your surroundings.  It has its own sort of character that I personally love.  I am so glad I didn't miss this place, because I will definitely be coming back!
Went there today in evening. Ordered tAwa chicken with parantha.. It was not good, all i could taste was haldi..he added only onions, no green chillies or cilantro which the description says. Mine was yellow in colour. I obviously didnt like it and wont return for sure. Guys! Go to kathi roll company which is situated right across the street. Dont eat here!!
I just had to eat here to compare with Kati Roll Co. across the street. Overall, I'd say it has the slight edge. The lime paneer roll (I get it spicy) is better than KRC's achari paneer role on flavor. The texture is interesting... I couldn't identify it as paneer, and in fact confused it with egg (i could imagine overscrambled eggs with this texture).The egg wrap is mediocre, and I prefer KRC's chana masala roll to it. Certainly not something I'd walk 10-15 minutes for.
Thelewala is our new favorite Kati Roll spot. Definitely a notch above the Kati Roll Company across the street. We stop by at least once a month and our favorites are the Chapli,  Thelewala chicken, and  lime paneer. All ingredients are fresh and they use olive oil, so the rolls are not greasy at all. Great prices too. Thelewala is the perfect spot for a late night snack!
Great little find.  The rolls had a great flavor! We'll definitely be back
Late night cure!I'm so glad I didn't just pass this place by!  What a wrapped up bundle of flavor you get when you eat here...  I stopped in, late on a Tuesday night, after drinking a little too much (for a Tuesday).  I ordered some Paneer Lime roll (I think) and man... It was... DELICIOUS!  So much flavor from such a small little restaurant!I'd definitely recommend this place to a friend...
You might as well go to the Kati Roll Company across the street. Much better overall in just about every way.
Food is great but the young woman chef was absurd. I just wanted to add a vegetable to my roll and pay extra and she said, "we don't do that" and refused. I mean, this is a restaurant and you have all the ingredients there! She was rude. It was dumb.
Uh...two words, Chapli Roll, filled with fried egg, minced spiced lamb, red onion and fresh cilantro on paratha bread.  Spicy, chewy, meaty, drippy love in every tubular bite.  As someone who grew up with lamb, as a Greek, I wanted some tzatziki or cooling yogurt to offset the spiciness of it but man it is GOOD, as is. The bhel puri is also nicely spiced and tasty.  I hear the chicken is good, but with that lamb roll available, it's going to be a tough decision to stray.  Ok, maybe both next time
Absolutely the best kati roll ever! Not greasy like the other guys, and tastes extremely fresh. Best of all, they can make it really spicy! This place is my usual go-to after a night out, though recently I've been going there during the day for a quick bite to eat if I'm in town...Yep, it's that good (and yes, it is still delicious sober). I'm always coming back here! @#!$@, I'm craving it now just thinking about it...
Positioned opposite Kati Roll Factory (KRF), this non-descript joint with blaring Bollywood music whips up some pretty delicious rolls.On my last few visits to KRF, I found the rolls to be greasy and the meat extremely chewy. At Thelewala the rolls are fresh, delicious and absolutely non-greasy... and may be a little healthier. It provides the much needed competition to KRF which had possibly become a little complacent.Thelewala is makes more than just kati rolls ... it's USP is that it serves Indian street food (rather Calcutta street food) and that gives them a slight edge. However, we have to wait and see whether what they serve appeals to New York palate.I loved the jhal muri and the chapli rolls (they use olive oil for everything which is a plus) but the chicken roll left a lot to be desired. Being a Calcuttan myself I miss the chunks of reshmi kebab in their chicken roll. I don't think strips of chicken does any justice.Am looking forward to trying everything off the menu... for me this place certainly provides a whiff of home.
Calcutta is known for its rolls or if you like, burrito, culture with carts selling this at every corner. This tiny little eatery brings some of those flavors to Bleeker street. The  chapli roll and parantha with garbanzo bean curry was authentic. The masala chai was an excellent accompaniment. Note that this is a really tiny place so take out would be advisable
Just popped in here for lunch after seeing a mention on Grub Street - a very pleasant first workday lunch experience. The official name is Thelewala - Indian Cart Food, with most of the items looking like they hail from Calcutta. It's a casual sit down place with free delivery within a ten block radius. The storefront is a large pane of wall to ceiling class, and right after you head in you climb up a brief flight of stairs to reach the seating area, where the counterman is as well as a handful of tables and counter and stools for a quick sit-in lunch. Everything feels vaguely Fifth Element post-industrial with brushed steel and thin bare bulb lights. I was originally considering just getting the achari aloo tiki roll  - tangy potatoes, red onion and coriander ($4), but had a feeling my appetite deserved a bit better. After consulting with the very nice counterman, I opted for one of the Calcutta Basti Khanas, which are each served with two parathas. I had the very fun to say ghughni ($7), described as "a chickpea preparation topped with coriander and red onions." It was aptly described and quite delicious. My only complaint that it was definitely a smallish portion and would not have filled up someone of larger girth or more substantial appetite - I would definitely recommend ordering a side or a roll for a full meal.
My favorite Kati Roll place... OMG.. amazing Chapli Roll ... the other dishes are also worth trying like Peanut Masala snack.Very warm staff and they take extra trouble to make sure that the spice level  of the food is as per the customers taste and pallet tolerance ! Best place to go for a bite, day or nite ;)
I enjoyed their Kati rolls. Definitely worth going for Thelewala kati roll and Chapati rolls. Those are my favorite.
This place is good, I just think they charge a dollar or so less. The rolls are pretty similar in size to Kati Roll, not too small but also for $5.50 leaves a little more to be desired. I had the Lime Paneer roll and it was delicious. It was cheese with lime flavor and spices. Very nicely done. My husband had the Thelewala Chicken roll. That too was delicious. We both found our rolls to be filling. I just don't know how often I'll come when for $6 I don't feel like I'm getting a great package.
I really wanted to like this place as a source of good tasting Indian junk food as NYC is sorely missing such a place. So, I went and tried a couple of things that were NOT kati roll. I tried the bhel poori and masala peanuts. The bhel poori was too spicy, and whatever flavors it had just didn't taste right (not enough tamarind chutney). For the masala peanuts, the masala and peanuts were basically separate. The masala did taste good, but somehow peanuts weren't flavored at all, and didn't feel part of the dish. I presume their kati rolls taste better due to competition across the road, but they disappoint for non kati roll dishes.
Solid Paneer roll. We did a side by side Kathi and Thelewala smack down. Thelewala won. A whole wheat roti option would be great.
Was deciding between falafel across the street, Kati roll, but had read about this on Tasting Table so really wanted to try it.I got the Thelewala Chicken Roll and my friend tried the Chapli Roll. Both were delicious (two happy tummies!) The only thing is that the portions are snack-sized rather than meal-sized, so next time I definitely want to try some of the cold dishes (chaatwala).I will be going back soon!
I was in Bleecker street on a different mission (trying to buy some Tibetan/Nepalese Buddhist artifacts). It was dinner time and I started looking for a place to eat. It is the village and there is no dearth of cheap (read inexpensive) eateries. I settled on this one as it looked fast food'y and relatively cheap too. I blew my $10 budget and ended up spending like $15 on a plate of Jal Moori, Bhel Pori, one Aloo + paneer Katti roll and a cup of hot masala chai. Honestly, the same fare would have been much more tastier in India but I was famished and I definitely have no complaints. The owner (his name is Mohan Sharma, I think) is from Nepal and is happy to make small talk - possibly only when he is not too busy with the customers (which is good) and possibly only if you are from the sub-continent (which is bad, he he). He asked me twice if I were a student - I do not know why, but I am certainly impressed he thinks I am a young man, so I did not tell him I am the father of a two and a half year old kid. But, I digress. The major attraction in this place is it is open till really late in the night. So, if you want to catch some food after pub-hopping or studying  too hard without realizing time slipping by (the former more probable than the latter), this could be your savior. But, be wary of the spice levels or be ready to have a tough conversation when nature calls!
I'm obsessed with Indian street food. So, of course, I had to check out this place after reading about it in the NY Times. I ordered the Lime Paneer Rolls, Bhel Pori, and the Peanut Masala. First let me start off by saying that the person behind the counter helping us was REALLY friendly and the restaurant is incredibly small (only a couple stools). However, I liked that. The Paneer rolls (comes with 2) were very delicious but i wish there was more filling inside so you could taste how great it is and feel satisfied. They seemed pretty small and disappointing in that sense. But major points on flavor. The chaats were flavor-PACKED and so incredibly fresh. The peanut masala was almost too spicy, but in a very addictive way so that I couldn't stop eating it.  I felt that time and thought went into my food here and it showed in the taste and freshness of the ingredients used. I wish they sold lassi to pair with the food. My Indian street food cravings were satisfied and I will certainly be back again to try the Jaal Moori!!
I have tried nearly everything on their menu and have never been disappointed. The staff are all extremely friendly and are happy to spice things up for you upon request. The lime paneer is a standout, but seriously everything is delicious. Even the unassuming barrel of masala chai is amazing. This place is far better than it's across the street neighbor "Kati Roll Co.". Those guys are always rude and they never spice the rolls up for you. Since Thelewala has been open I have not returned to Kati Roll and I won't be either. One more thing, Thelewala is incredibly cheap for the amount of food you get. So, basically everything is covered: great food, great staff, great price.
How dissapointing.  Love indian food.  Love street food.  Could not finish the two rolls (cauliflower; chicken) as did not taste good. I imagine something has changed since 2011 NYT review.
Should have looked at Yelp before going in there because some of the other food looks really good. I ended up getting the Pani Puri which was very good.  Next time I go back I will get one of the other dishes everyone raves about.  It is good to see Indian street food available.
As pretty much every reviewer has said here, it's a bit of a head scratcher to think that MacDougal Street needs another Indian roll place. Having been a long time lunch customer of Kati Roll, I have to give Thelewala the advantage. Why? Let me count the ways:1) Actual friendly service behind the counter. They actually thanked me for coming! I have a feeling that the people at Kati Roll really don't like their patrons very much. Or they're just always in a bad mood.2) The chicken roll was perfect. That macrobiotic-organic whatever other buzzword chicken surely makes a difference: the flavor was magnificent, it wasn't greasy, and the paratha was fresh and delicious. I also ordered the aloo roll, which packed a nice spice kick and tons of flavor. 3) The wait isn't out the door. I ordered my food and left after a couple of minutes. Kati Roll can be a bit of a slog at lunch time. One star off for the lack of discount on getting two rolls. I like that Kati Roll gives those offers.Please give this place a try. It is clean, friendly, and has perhaps the best Indian rolls that I've had in the NYC metro area.
The 5-Star rating goes without doubt. Flavorful, fresh, & most importantly healthy. They use olive oil & all natural chicken - how much better can it get? ESPECIALLY compared to all the other unhealthy options in the neighborhood. Make sure you get the Chicken Thelewala and the Smokey Gobi, you will NOT be disappointed.
4.5 stars! half a star dock because this place is mad smallOtherwise the rolls here are excellent. I think this place is a lot fresher and cleaner than Kati Roll Company though I enjoy both. I usually go with the Thelewala Chicken roll, Chapli roll or the Chicken Malai roll. Great blend of spices and a lot of meat in each roll. Definitely don't get gipped at all. The phuchka was also really cool to try out. I've been here twice and am always down to come back whenever I'm in the area or whenever I'm at Creperie which is right next door hahaha!Thelewala Chicken roll is awesome!!!!
One of the places I miss most after moving out of NYC. The basic chicken malai is divine and you can Trust the quality of the meat. All cooked in olive oil! Of you're in the area - don't miss it between all the running around.
Cheap, quick, and DELICIOUS!  I won't be back because it is cheap, fast and convenient, I'll be back because the chicken malai roll was fabulous and I look forward to trying other things on the menu!
Quick bite to eat in the village. Take these plates/rolls to go -- not much space inside. Totally fine for a nice summer day out. That being said, the okra is divine and the chicken is so-so. Cheap and good quality made to order.
Opening a kati roll place directly opposite to Kati Roll co is an interesting choice. First things first, I would give a slight edge to the rolls at Kati Roll co. But the Paratha- alur dom & the Paratha- Ghugni are couple of dishes which I can come back for at Thelewala. The Ghugni specially is extremely tasty and a must try! The staffs are nice and extremely polite compared to the staff at Kati Roll!Essentially, it is a nice place to get some cheap food. I will definitely go back for the Paratha- Ghugni :)
Wtf i don't get it. Had the chicken phall roll and it was so damn blah. Seriously nothing special. I should've went across the street to mamoun's where i could've pretty much got 2 falafels. Maybe i ordered the wrong thing? Either way, i'm not going to even give it another try.
So, what is essentially another kati roll place opens up directly across the street from Kati Roll.  Interesting.Well, before I get into questioning the motivation of Thelewala in choosing such a location, let's discuss what is much more readily apparent- the quality of the food.  (And I can't help it, but I am going to compare this place to Kati Roll.)Thelewala is a tiny but surprisingly chic eatery.  Upon entering, you proceed up a few stairs to the dining area (a few tall stools and a counter).  The place is very clean, has cool lighting, and the staff is kind.I ordered an alloo (potato) roll and a paneer (cheese) roll.  I almost always wish I have two paneer rolls when I have one potato and one paneer, but it's my rule to sample a potato when I'm trying a new roll place.  I ordered both rolls spicy.The rolls were prepared before my eyes, fresh.  The paneer was crumbled. "Spicy" consisted of fresh, minced green chilies sprinkled in both rolls.  PRETTY HOT!The bread was flavorful and slightly crisp.  I prefer paneer chunks to crumbles, as crumbles are not quite as satisfying to sink one's teeth into.  The fillings were quite salty and tangy.  I would describe the overall flavor of both my rolls as pungent, and not as it related to the chilies.  Perhaps it's because of the lime that was in the paneer roll, but the saltiness and sourness of both rolls was almost (but not quite) too much.While I did enjoy my rolls at Thelewala, I will visit Kati across the street the next time I am in the neighborhood.  I like the flavor and textures better at Kati.  Maybe I'm a wuss or don't know what these rolls are supposed to taste like, but the saltiness/pungency left me dying of thirst for the remainder of the day.  If Thelewala was in my neighborhood, I'd eat there all the time, and never come down to the West Village, but since I have to trek far and I have options, Kati wins.
When you have a glut of Indian restaurants in a city one place cannot just phone it in and survive; they have to offer something remarkably good or remarkably different.  I guess Thelewala's niche is "tiny, hot  Indian restaurant" but I don't feel that is enough.I got chicken curry because I was avoiding carbs that day; it tasted like a curry that I have made for myself at home (I'm a white girl who doesn't really know how to cook indian food) and it was very salty.  My friend's peanut chaat thing was nicely spiced but the peanuts were raw not roasted so it was kind of like eating chickpeas.  Her kati roll was essentially my chicken curry wrapped in bread.
We got some chicken Kati rolls to compare to Kati roll across the street. We asked for non-spicy but I think they missed that memo because they were wayyy too spicy for me to even enjoy a bite. The paratha compared to the Kati roll restaurant parallel was a shame. A sad sad shame. It seemed like the dry "healthy version". Yuck. But I will note the chef was a nice guy, he came outside and spoke to us about his Nepal background and told us more abt the restaurant. The interior is pretty nice on the inside and is more spacious than Kati roll itself. But you get 2 stars for dry parathas :(
One of my friends read their write-up in The New York Times a little while back, and she's a sucker for new cheap eats. When we both had a little bit of free time in our respective schedules, we arranged a lunch date and headed on over to MacDougal. Fortunately, we entered just before the lunch rush came about, so me and my girl snagged some uncomfortable stools and awaited our food. I ordered their Chapli Roll (amazingly spiced lamb complimented the lime inside), Peanut Masala (the peanuts and masala taste never meshed for me, but each individual taste was delightful) and their Chai Tea (I was dumb for getting it in 93-degree weather, but the flavoring was spot-on and excelled to new heights with the addition of a bit of sugar). With a few kinks worked out, this place could really be amazeballs.
It's so wonderful when you find a place that you enjoy eating at AND you like the owners. This place is yummy and the spicy stuff is spicy, so don't get it if you're on the fence about spice. It's cheap and fast, and pretty healthy overall.
Tried a bunch of things on the menu. Everything was great!! The Okra roll was my favorite. The owner is friendly and gives great discounts to large groups. Definitely recommend this place.
Authentic bengali street food. Ghugni was awesome. Rolls were good too, but paratha could be better, it was more like a roti.Jhalmuri is a must try, will remind you of all old train journeys to Howrah.The manager out there is very friendly and nice.
This place is great! I go whenever I'm in the neighborhood. The lime paneer roll is a savory treat, and the bhel puri is the most delicious I've had outside of India.
Still my favorite NYC kati roll spot! Order the THELEwala chicken roll with extra spice and bhel puri and you'll understand why desi people line up to eat here.
Okra roll - 6/10Thelewala chicken roll - 8/10Chapli roll - 7/10
Great if you wanna grab a spicy snack. Makes great late night eats.  However, the spice level is not for the faint of heart.
I was working in the office and couldn't get away from my desk so I tried Thelewala for delivery. I ordered two rolls and it took over an hour to get to me. I literally work 4 blocks away! The rolls were flavorful but COLD which made them not nearly as enjoyable as I imagined them to be.
This place is good if you're a little drunk and feel like pani puri or bhel puri. The rolls are average and you're better off walking across the street to Kati roll company. I would never go there during the day when I'm sober and all the flaws in the food become obvious. Of course this is NY, and this place will be five stars anywhere else!
Thelewala is one of my favorite lunch time spots during college. I always get the Chicken Kati or the Lime Paneer rolls. For me, some days I just get one and that's enough to appease my hunger. But if I had a night out before, the next day I usually get two. You decide on your hunger level but use my review as a rule of thumb. It's so cool to have a restaurant like this because I like Indian food quite a bit, but don't really have the time to go to an actual restaurant. On top of that, I don't need to be on a date to eat at this place. If I was dining at say, Brick Lane, I would feel like a miserable fck if I had to be dining alone. Half the people, if not all are usually couples or groups that dining in traditional restaurants other than those that cater to grab-and-go customers. If you do find yourself in the area and in need of getting a quick bite of something different, other than a hot dog, definitely should try out Thelewala.
This was my second time having Indian food. I had the chicken malai roll and it so delicious. The eggs could have been a little less salty? If that's the taste I'm referring to and the roll in general could have been a little spicier. It says on the menu food can be spiced up upon request so thats no problem. My friend asked for some green sauce (I'm unsure of the name) that we dipped our rolls into and it only made them more flavorful. I find myself on W4th more often than I'd like, but now when my friends are getting drunk I can escape to Thelewala.
Delicious late night option. If you like lamb, the Chapli roll was delicious. I usually go to Kati Roll across the street but Thelewala was a great alternative.The staff served us even though they were closing. I prefer the paneer roll at Kati better than at Thelewala. Thelewala chopped the cheese up where Kati keeps it more in a block. Healthier late night options than artichoke pizza!
Amazing Kati rolls. I so wanted to try all of the varieties. They were so good, we even took take out for dinner.
Chili Lime Paneer roll is awesome!  Staff is always really pleasant, been here for lunch, dinner, and late night and never disappointed.
Small but awesome. Authentic Calcutta street food. As good as it gets!
Unchee dukaan, pheekaa pakwaaan (meaning highly rated shop that leaves a lot to be desired for) is the saying that popped up in my mind the moment I put my first puchka in my mouth here last night!Two stars only for the rolls that my husband and I had at this highly overrated Indian street food spot..I have been hearing so much about this place from my friends and colleagues (a few of them unfortunately Indians) that my husband and I were looking forward to trying this place out for a very long time.The moment you enter 'Thelewala' you realize that it is nothing close to the experience of eating the street food in India from a thela (cart). The place is a hole in the wall. Understood! The lighting is just too bright and the stairs are not only useless but also dysfunctional. It would have been much better had the owner thought of converting the staircase into a stadium seating area type thing.The puchka (golgappas) which we ordered were a let down. There were only 5 puchkas for $5 and I ended up eating only one of those after tasting it. How is it possible that the Chinese dumpling houses in China Town can serve 5 dumplings for only $1 and the Indian eateries are charging an arm and a leg for something comparable?   The water served with the puchkas, which is suppose to be fresh, spicy and full of green herbs (mint, cilantro etc) was bland and flat. My husband even exclaimed by saying that he was confused that whether it was water or chutney that they've provided with the puchka.What has amazed me even more, are the reviews of my fellow Indians. Now come on you all. Haven't you guys eaten an authentic chat/puchka in India (or elsewhere in NY), which is  much tastier for dirt cheap price?My husband and I were disappointed by the size of the rolls. He ordered chicken malai roll and I ordered the spicy potato roll. The rolls were tasty.  My potato roll was way too spicy for me and I'd to request my husband to wipe off some of the filling so as to make it fit for me to finish it. If filling the food with heat means Indian, then I shall recommend the owner to revise his basics of cooking Indian food.We are yet to eat at the Dhaba and Bhojan which are a part of the same group, who own the Thelewala. However, after having such a terrible experience last night, we are having second thoughts about trying them out.We are not going back again for sure...
Aside from the recent removal of their "aloo dum", which I'm totally disappointed by (since it was by far the best I've had in Manhattan), thelewala totally nails Bengali street food. Wish they had more outlets!
The paneer roll here is the best I ve ever had. The achari aloo roll is good too. The puchka not so good. Very affordable prices. Highly recommended.
I LOVE everything I have ever had here.I tried the okra roll most recently, and it  was delicious..perfectly cooked and spiced! I had never seen Kati rolls outside of Kolkatta before, and love them so much I started making them myself, but I can't beat ones at Telewalla!
We order the Chapli and the minced lamb rolls ALL the time. This is our go to fast food place. The delivery always seems to be right after we order. And it's amazingly inexpensive.
I had heard a lot of good things about this joint, unfortunately it didn't go well with me. I had Paneer Lime and my friend had ordered Thelewala chicken roll. Paneer Lime had too much tangy flavor, so much that I could hardly taste paneer. I trashed it. My friend said chicken roll was quite bland as well, though he had asked for extra spicy. I don't think I will go there again...I will just stick to Kari Roll across the street.
Very underwhelmed.Kati roll dry and salty.Bhel dry and hot but what about the complex favors from the different chutneys which are the cornerstone of any street food.The tea didn't have much masala so should have been sold as regular tea - was watered down.I was not expecting the same taste as similar food I have eaten in Calcutta but this bad I didn't expect. Still in business since most of its clientele have not tasted the real thing to compare and are being fed a pale shadow of what good Calcutta street food can be.Having not tried the other place referred in other reviews, I don't know.
We went to Thelewala and ordered a plate of Puchkas. The plate came with 8 pieces, aloo masala and tamarind water. The aloo masala was not genuine and there was no chickpeas as written on the menu and aloo masala tasted more like aloo sabzi.... Also, the biggest joke was tamarind water and it was barely enough for 2 puchkas so we requested some more and the lady flatly refused. Not recommended at all.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! Every time im in town, I have to go to thelewala. I cannot stop raving about this place, the food is amazing, specially the paneer lime roll and the chai. The staff is super friendly as well, they really keep up with the crowd and flexible to tweek the khati rolls a bit to your needs. I can't wait to go back!!
I stopped in here May 2013 because the reviews sounded good. This place is tiny with seating for 5-6. I ordered the ground lamb roll. It was dry, and not very tasteful. This was just crap in my opinion. Not worth the price. I ate 1/2 of the roll and left. I went over to china town and got a huge bowl of delicious Pho beef noodle soup for the same price as this tasteless roll.You've been warned.
A good hot cup of tea masala chai on a cold winters day is simply divine. Add to that a great Chapli roll and chicken roll and nothing could be better. Courteous service. I have been here numerous times. My friend from VA looks forward to coming to NYC and thelewala!
I randomly walked into this little shop and was pleasantly surprised. The food was quick, tasty, and well thought out, and the service and hospitality of the staff was great too. I could tell he was proud of his food. I ate the chickpea dish and it was great. Hope you enjoy too.
been here more often that i can remember and every time it's as good as ever.the only problem is the lack of space.my favorite of all is the okra roll and the achari paneer roll.just brilliant!the staff is really friendly too.must go for an Indian street food craving!!! :D
Really like this place much better than Kati rolls across the street bc it actually tastes fantastic while sober!!!  Bread is nice and crisp with the taste of roti channai... The chicken and egg one is so delicious - chicken is tender and perfectly done. I also love okra so can't go wrong with that.
Love it! Clean, Fast Indian Street Food- get the lamb chapli roll!
This place rocks! Delicious, cheap, open late. What else can u say..
Delicious wholesome, healthy food, particularly the Achari Aloo Tikki roll. A must on MacDougal!!
The rolls are amazing, especially the Chapli and Chicken Malay. Vegetarian or carnivore, you have to make this one of your must-go, favorite village spots!!
Malai Sandwich - excellent blend of spices that had great texture when you sink your teeth in it.  Thought it was a fair price for the quantity, especially given the taste.  Perfect place to grab some munchies after you go to off the wagon and get all banged up.
Thanks to other Yelpers, this was the first stop when I landed in New York late one night.  This place is open until 2am during the week so you can always get your chapli roll on.  The thing was made to order and tasted very clean and fresh.  The minced lamb was lean and nicely seasoned, and the onions and lime married well together.  I could've used more fried egg in my roll, but that's just because I love eggs.  As a bonus, the restaurant is spotless, and the heat works on a cold winter night!
This is another version of the Kathi roll place just opposite here. The rolls are much less greasier and seems like a good alternative when the line at the kathi roll place is long - especially if you just cannot do without the kathi roll :) if you can, go get an awesome shawarma sandwich at mamouns ;)
3 words - Worst food ever!Are you kidding me? I don't know how anyone could give this food good reviews. Yelpers - I am disappointed in your taste standards!! I admit that being Indian and growing up in India, I have high standards for all Indian cuisines. But I do like Indian restaurants in NYC, even some chain ones. This food was inedible and ended up in the trash can - dry, unseasoned, stale - like eating cardboard with green chillies, as if the latter is sufficient to qualify it as authentic Indian! Not only is the person cooking this food untrained in Indian cooking, he or she is simply a terrible cook. Enough said.
I was craving food from NY Dosas for lunch today...but the cart decided to take a day off. My next option was to try Kati Roll...but the line was already out the door by the time I walked over there. I spotted THELEwala across the street, glanced at the oddly familiar menu and decided to give it a try. It seems unfair to compare this place with Kati Roll rather than give it a standalone review, but the two are so similar that it just makes sense for point of reference sake:PROS: I got the egg roll and chapli roll (minced lamb, like kofte kebabs) and they were both flavorful, spiced just right and basically tasted a hell of a lot like the rolls from Kati (with prices to match). The portions could be interpreted as "just right" or "I'm still going to be hungry after I eat this, aren't I?", but that really varies with how hungry you are going in (2 rolls seem to be good enough for me for a late lunch). I like the variety here and how there's more to their menu than just rolls and regretted not trying some of the other items. I agree with some of the other reviewers who said that these rolls seemed more healthy than Kati's (as healthy as Indian cart food could be) - I took my order to go and walked a few blocks to my office before cracking them open. The parathas were still crisp and the wrapper wasn't too drenched in oil like it usually is when I take rolls from Kati on the same walk. HUGE PLUS: with the doors wide open on a hot summer day, THELEwala doesn't give you the feeling of sitting in a deep fryer while waiting for your food like Kati does - the AC was on and it was cool even though the place was slowly getting packed.CONS: Very few - my wait time was pretty much the same had I gone to Kati, but I had a feeling that it could have been shorter. Some people who came in after me got their orders first, and there was an angry customer who was there before me who seemed to be waiting there forever. So there's room for improvement as far as order management goes.So kudos to THELEwala - you have huge balls for opening up right across the street from the Macdougal Street darling, but you are definitely a worthy opponent to Kati Roll!
Great place for a quick bite. They have the perfect level of spiciness and lots of flavor. That being said, this place is deceptively tiny and it can be difficult to maneuver around. It takes a bit of time to get your order and you'll end up being jostled a bit, but it's all worth it because the food is amazing.
Fantastic Indian fast food, prepared with fresh produce- house blend spices including Masala. I had the Aloo Achari roll and the Ground Lamb roll was so impressed that I grabbed 2 more to go for my partner. Great find! This was an authentic trip to Calcutta with an "A" dept of health rating.
Great stuff.  Mere steps away from Kati Rolls, another Indian street food/wrap place, but they offer different options, and I thinkt hey have what it takes to suceed on this stretch.  (This space used to house a mini-burger place called food fight, which didn;t last too long.)   I had the Chalpi roll, which was a lamb patty with onions and a fried egg.  Sort of like a breakfast wrap with the sausage to egg ratio reversed, and it was great.  It was filling and well priced, at $4.50, so it is  apretty good deal.
this place was definitely tasty and the man working there was super nice.  i got the chapli roll which he said was one of the best.  it was fresh and flavorful.  i would like to try some other flavors.  though i still kinda like the biryani cart on 46th best.  i know its a little greasy there and this place is definitely less so.  also got some bhel puri which was good.  maybe not the most traditional and not quite spicy enough for me so next time i would ask them to spice it up a bit.overall its a tasty spot.
When I asked the guy at the counter "what comes recommended?" he said "everything". I ordered the lime and paneer roll, and the Chapli roll. Both were beautiful, and delicately spiced, the way Indian food should be. When I go again I won't order two though, as one is enough to fill.This is excellent food, and seriously cheap. I'm going back as soon as possible. The man at the counter had reason to be confident.
Simple and decently priced. They have unique Indian street food made into American style wraps. Come and try their Thelewala chicken wrap. It's not spicy..
Great rolls, reasonably priced. Worth checking out. Be warned that the chicken phall roll is spicy.
Holy Cow!  good stuff.  It's hard to find good bhel poori, so I braved the rain to try some.  Thelewala did not disappoint.   Portion sizes are much bigger than the other Indian snack shops I've tried, had to take a doggy bag.  The chicken malai roll was also good.  Tender chicken nicely marinated.  Chai is decent too.     I'll be back!
Good music .. Fun little place.. Thumbs up for Thelewala chicken roll.. I want to come back to try other stuff.I am not from NYC , i was looking for kati roll ( I always eat here when in NYC)  but it was too crowded, so i went here and loved it!.They have more stuff than Kati roll..Place is also clean and has a fun element to it. They have pani puri and few other interesting stuff on menu, i would like to go back and try them!
Nothing super special about this place I feel like. The chicken was tender and juicy yet lacked flavor, save for the red onions that were in the roll. No good spices. Needed some sauce, got some, was still not impressed. Overall cheap rolled up Indian food didn't cut it for me here. Quick and easy yes! Cheap, kinda. Good tastes? Hmmm suspect.
Classic Indian street food. We got the wraps: lamb, chicken (our favorite) and potato. The lamb was tasty, but a bit dry. The chicken was absolute delicious (and very spicy) as was the potato. To say that this place is cramped is an understatement. The plus is that it's such an uncomfortable space that people don't really linger over their meals and we were able to snag two chairs before our order was ready.
I've had the egg roll and the paneer roll. Both are delicious, flavorful and satisfying. I love that everything is made to order in this teeny tiny space...it does allude to it's street food origin. Definitely worth trying - You'll find the perfect lunch or snack, perfect for a picnic in Washington Square Park.
Try the lime paneer roll. Super tasty!
O.M.G.  The Chapli Lamb Roll BLEW my mind.... I brought it back to my office and accidentally set it near my fan on my desk... less than a minute everyone was like "WOW.  What smells soooo good?!"  BUT above and beyond.... I didn't even want to talk about it, IT was THAT good..  I'm Korean-Tex-Mexican who can't get enough flava. and THIS did the trick.  And the owner, flavor innovator was behind the counter on this 105 degree with humidity day, charming-as-can-be.... No wonder Martha Stewart thinks his empire is the best Indian in town (& Westport)....  One thing is that on a Tuesday lunch I had a wait about 10 minutes but there's cool Indian/hip-hop .. you know the kind.. some Bollywood tunes mashed with Kanye.. can help but shake it a lil.
Stopped by here to grab a quick meal between class and a grueling 3-hour block of organization meetings. The entrance is a bit awkward as you have to climb a compact staircase to reach the cramped order area. While tight, the space is clean and well-maintained. The best part of the experience is possibly the deep Indian (perhaps Goan) house that's trumpeted through the steamy air. It makes you want to do an electronic Bhangra whilst waiting for these rolls. The service leaves a lot to be desired; I was waiting awkwardly with a friend for a good five minutes while the cashier/ cook awkwardly stared at me. Finally deciding to meet eye contact with a physical approach towards the counter, I ordered the Chicken Thelwala Roll. For $6, you get a Jenny Craig slimmed roll with sparse amounts of onions and a few pieces of highly spiced chicken. The chicken is just edible; they really would be better off incorporating some type of sauce to make their poultry a bit more palatable. It's not enough to assault a chicken with coriander; spice does not mean love.
Was at Thelewalas yesterday with a dear friend whom I was meeting after 12 years! We ordered aloo achari roll and chapli roll and asked him to make it spicy. Spicy it was!! the guy was very cordial, gave us a discount as one of us is a student. The food was great! reminded me of Indian street food. We also ordered spicy peanuts which was fantastic!! It was spicy and very tasty.
The Lime Paneer Roll is so spicy and so so good. I love the Lamb Chapli Roll too! the guys will make it as (or as little) spicy as you want it.
dinner take-out that was quick, light and easy.  place is tiny and fits about 6-8 stools.  opted for the Tawa Chicken Fry with 2 pieces of paratha which seemed more fun eating than the rolled up wrap.  The chicken was marinated with spices & indian marsala and stir fried with cilantro and onions.  I liked how the chicken wasn't drenched with too much sauce which would make it too salty and best part is that you can ask how spicy you want and they'll mix in the appropriate amount of minced pepper.  Portion is good served in 1/2 quart.  The paratha, whole wheat flat bread was plenty and they toasted it well to give it some crunch when eating it with the chicken.I would come back for the Aloo Dum (potato curry) and Chapli Roll (lamb).
Makes for a tasty and cheap dinner before heading to the Bleecker/Macdougal shit shows. Try the lamb roll with the fried egg and onions. Make sure you're packing some gum afterward and watch for leaks from the wrap's lack of structural integrity.
I was walking by and saw this quaint indian food cart restaurant little did I know the food was more then what I expected the food was fantastic the chapli kabob and ahloo roll were flavorful and making my taste buds feel like there was a party going on. The prices were very reasonable and the place was clean which was very important I would say if you not only want a bang for your buck but tantalizing flavorful food this is your place.
There is a new kid on the block son!  I'm knockin Kati Roll Company down to 4 stars after this review!  This place is much better and the paratha is not as oily.  Another reason to put this place above Kati is the fact they use free range chicken.  They also offer other items beside the Kati Rolls.
Wow. *smacks head* That woke me up from boring food. The taste of everything was complex, layered, nuanced. The enthusiasm of the proprietor was infectious as he made us all free samples of one of his favorite appetizer. And the family that was suggesting items showed us we were hardly the only fans (they'd driven down to eat here 4x so far in last few weeks). This was simply the best single meal I've had in months, all while standing on the sidewalk. Just --- GO!
Well it's got to be the best Indian  Kathi rolls in the neighbourhood and I think across the 5 boroughs...the chapli roll is my favourite and the malai chicken kabob is the family favourite.....the lime panner and aloo roll are great in the vegetarian. It's on our list of a monthly pilgrimage for food and drink....it's open till late night which is a huge plus...wish they would open a bigger place so the foodies could sit and enjoy their tea and Bollywood music...also include the Indian mint chutney as an highlight
I might give Kati Roll a slight edge on the actual rolls, but overall this place has some pluses. I appreciate the non-roll offerings, such the bhel and puris. These are really good choices when you want a lighter, lower-calorie snack.
This is one my favorite stops off of Bleeker.   Its a small place with very limited seating but you can always take it to go or eat outside on the street.  People that go to Kathi Roll have not been here!  This place is definitely a hidden gem!  The chapli roll with hot sauce and minus the egg is heavenly!  Also the thelewala chicken rolls is pretty good.   Yes it is a bit oily but seriously it worth the workout!  The pani puri is decent here.   I usually can't go to NYC without stopping here at least once.  Again order the Chapli roll and you can thank me later.
A friend of ours turned my wife and I on to this place on h birthday. After a night of dining and smoking hookah we stumbled into this newly opened establishment in Greenwich Village. The food is Indian style cart food, a cleaner, healthier version of the fare typically available back home. The rolls are awesome (less greasy than those available at kathi rolls across the street). The chats are awesome, especially the paani-puri, which we had been craving for a while. The masala chai was right on the money. There is not much room to sit however, so be prepared to stand and eat or take your order to go. Will definitely be back for more
I don't think you can review Thelewala without mentioning Kati Roll across the street and with that in mind let me state that thelewala is clearly better right now.. The chicken and lamb are moist, rich with flavor. When you order it spicy, that isnt translated into just additional raw pepper inside the dish, or if it is it sure doesnt taste like it. I had one of the lamb rolls and one of the chicken (sorry dont remember which one) and both were great. Post meal chest pain either due to GERD or further constriction of the arteries is a strong possibility, but I highly reccomend this place if you want a slightly different, and in my opinion better flavor than what can be found across the street.
Calcutta Nizami Rolls = Solid Indian snack.  They are freshly made (quality ingredients) so it is a little time consuming; but worth it.  Thelewala chicken roll=  My favorite..  spicy chicken roll with perfect blend of spices and lime to give it a nice clean finishChapli roll= minced lamb.. little to gamey for me..Achari Aloo Tikki roll=  potatoes..  solid non meat alternative
Just sampled their vegetarian rolls now, the food is fresh and made to order but not quite as tasty as we'd hoped. The okra was a little chewy and not crisp as the menu had stated. The marinade in the gobi was a little lacking in flavor as well. Maybe it was just the expectations with which we went in that we feel a little let down after having eaten the food.
Possibly the best kati roll joint in New York. Selection isn't as wide as a few other places, but the quality is as good as it gets. Ideal late-night food.
- HIDDEN SECRET-Was craving kathi roll and headed towards macdougal...and bumped into cute sparking place with a very attractive and adorable name Thelewala (which means person with the cart)..went inside with the friend, had most delicious paratha rolls ever, try lime paneer, chicken and chapli kebab out of the world...you will keep going back again and again..too bad i live far otherwise this would be my everyday meal. Plus dont forget to try their masala chai, authentic and delicious after your kathi roll..yummmm....must go, highly recommended...Also must mention that the owner and people working there are extremely kind and friendly.
Not that impressed. Two of us had shrimp fried rice/noodles. The portions were generous, but quantity isen't everything. Both dishes were too greasy with way too little filling - mostly just fried rice or noodles with 2-3 shrimps and a bit of broccoli. The third of us had pepper steak, which was a lot of meat with even more green bellpepper and onion and a brown, thick sauce.
I want to give this a higher review (because I love spicy food) but holy time management batman. There is no reason why I should have to wait 20 minutes for 1 simple roll, especially since the huge group that came in after me got their gigantic order first. This used to be a great place to grab some fast grub, but now, not so much.
Being familiar with Kathi Rolls and the small little restaurants that actually are plenty in this neighborhood I was happy to troll by a new one, or at least to me.  So I liked the fact they had a lime paneer roll.  It was quite delightful.  I would lie if I said I read the rest of the menu.  The stomach wants what it wants.  Friendly service and yes very small tight space.. even tighter than the rest of the Kathi Rolls around there.  But it was raining and holiday season and it was quite empty at 4 pm after lunch and before dinner rush.  There was  a tourist couple and me so I had plenty of room but I can see how even ordering during rush hour can be problematic.  Will come back and try more things.  I did enjoy the loud bollywood music because well I was in a holiday mood.. I do think once it's busy.. it would add to noisy surrounding but hey.. if you don't like indian loud music.. chances are you don't want to go to one of these places anyway I take it as part of the experience... and you know twist in my seat and get a move on.
oh how i wanted to like you!!   you are close to work and you deliver.  i  love indian food  but you totally bombed. delivery: slow.  we waited well over an hour.   and we were 7.   although apparently 'huge'  according to the nice man on the phone (he was extremely apologetic)  its  a restaurant with a small menu.  7 isnt even a dinner party.i can forgive the delay if the food was good but the puffed rice was soggy and the kati rolls lackluster.   meh.hopefully they will shape up ---they have stiff competition with kati roll across the street. also:  first time i tried to go they had no AC and it was so hot i couldnt stay.
Must go for anyone who loves spicy Indian food .. Really authentic Indian cart Food from Calcutta ..
Tasty and almost completely authentic Calcutta street food. The Ghugni was amazing. The rolls were not exactly how they are "supposed to be", but tasty. The chai could be thicker and sweeter. But considering the price-point, its a sin to complain.
Great quick food. Excellent quality. Having lived in Calcutta and eaten street side food, I would say its pretty good. Their Aloo wrap is great and so is ghughani. You might wanna tell him to make it more spicy, I like mine very spicy. The puchka is not like the one we get in Calcutta, but it's pretty good. I highly recommend!!
He most delicious food I've eaten in NYC!! It's my favourite!! I work on 25th st and I go all the way to thelawala on macdougal st just for lunch!!! The quality of the food is wonderful. Tasty and light an 100% mouthwatering lot satisfying!!! I would recommend the okra roll!!!
Delicious!  I love the lime paneer roll and the chai which make a great, cheap meal.  They are also super friendly and give a student discount.  Thelewala is my favorite lunch spot around.
The only thing that matches the great taste and student-friendly price is their service! A polite and warm hearted crew, a great neighborhood eatery.
Terrific, cheap, fast and interesting food. Super friendly staff. Great find.
First time there today.  have visited Kati Roll several times.  This is what Kati Rol used to be, but this is SO much better.  Fresh ingredients, cooked to order, flavorful and not doused in wet chutneys that mask flavor.  And the price was better!  Lime Paneer was good.  Bhel was a nice large size and tasty!
I eat there all the time. In fact, there's no other place in NYC I frequent as much. It's great affordable food made with fresh, high quality ingredients (hormone free chicken, everything cooked with olive oil). Not the typical viscous curries one might expect in indian food but quick-to-make rolls and chaats with fresh nutrient dense ingredients and a nice spicy, zingy mix of cilantro, spices, and lime. Definitely check it out!
I'm always looking for an excuse to get here, and it's for one dish -- the tawa chicken fry, which has delicious fresh spices that must at least include garlic, ginger, onions, peppers, coriander, cumin, & fenugreek. Fast & first rate.
Their paneer rolls are excellent. Also, the chaat selection is good. Overall much better than Kathi Roll Company.
This place is awesome. I love the food here! I think it has the best rolls around NYU. Also the jhal muri and other chaat options are fingerlickingly good. :) The other two things that always make me come back to this place back are the music and the chai. It definitely has the best masala chai I've had in NYC. So in all with great food and music and a very friendly staff, it is a place to definitely try and I am quite sure you'd wanna go back. :)
Stumbled upon this place while in the Village and yeah it's very small but most places in Manhattan that are small turn out to be very good. I tried the CHICKEN MALAI ROLL and it was very good, but spicy. They make the food fresh. I also tried the Masala Chai tea and it was very good as well. I would probably come back again.
The first blow came when I hungrily scooped up the jhal moori and all I could taste was copious offerings of mustard oil rather than the tangy spicy taste that this dish is known for. The second more serious blow was the phuchka water - it was SWEET. Any self respecting denizen of Calcutta knows that the unique characteristic of phuchka water is it's mix of sour and spicy that makes it stand out from the other generic Indian sweet and spicy. Seriously folks - phuchka  is raucously debated in Calcutta and the best vendors sought out eagerly. This was a fraud and not Calcutta style phuchka. Leads me to think that Mr. Natarajan who passes himself off as a native of Calcutta has probably just visited that city on a culinary tour, ended up in the wrong restaurant and copied the wrong flavor - would be akin to opening a NY style  pizzeria in India passing off deep dish Chicago pizza on the unsuspecting natives. The less said about the flavorless potato stuffing in the phuchka, the utterly unappetizing 'Calcutta style rolls (Mr. Subliminal - Not even close) with its flavorless chicken and half cooked lamb  the better.Final advice to native of Calcutta Mr. Natarajan - get rid of the clueless students manning your cash counter - they give the wrong orders to the wrong people while managing to look helpless at the same time.Two stars for the effort, -3 for pulling a fast one.
Don't waste your money here. I only went because kati roll closes early and it was right across the street.  It just doesn't take good.
The food is here amazing. The atmosphere is also really nice. It is clean and trendy. The food is not slow. They play nice relaxing indian music throughout the day, which is very enjoyable.
When I first walked into Thelewala, I was pleasantly surprised by how clean it was. While it's fairly small, they've used the space they have in the best way possible to offer plenty of seating at sparkling clean tables. Their menu consists of three categories of food: The famous Calcutta Nizami Rolls, the Calcutta Basti Khana, and the chilled Chaatwala, all of which can be washed down with Indian sodas or authentic Masala Chai tea. I ordered the Chicken Malai Nizami Roll. It arrived in front of me within five minutes, steaming hot. I was very pleased with the quality of the meat-- the chicken was perfectly cooked; tender and juicy. The fried-egg wrap was crispy without being overly crunchy, while the subtle blend of smoky spices harmonized with the fresh cilantro and red onion.  It's no wonder that Thelewala has earned its reputation in such a short amount of time; the care and craftsmanship that goes into their authentic Calcutta Nizami Rolls (amongst other mouthwatering options) ensure an excellent dining experience. Thelewala is located at 112 MacDougal Street in the West Village with hours that accommodate any schedule -- they're open from 11:30 a.m.-2 a.m. weeknights and on Friday and Saturday they extend their hours to 5 a.m., with delivery service between 14th and Canal Streets and Broadway and Hudson. I highly recommend Thelewala to any diner looking to enjoy an authentic Indian food experience-- and with a student ID and Campus Clipper coupon students can enjoy a 10% discount and a free sixth roll with the purchase of any five. It's great, authentic Calcuttan cuisine at a price that can't be beat.
Tasty rolls. As somebody else mentioned, the prices are a bit high for the portions. But, then again, this is MacDougal--rent's at a premium, so I don't blame them for having to charge a bit more!
My husband and I come from the eastern part of India where this kind of food is very popular - it also means we have spent a lot of our college days eating this from small shacks off the street! The food at Thelewala does not come close to what we had expected - quite disappointing in fact. We ordered the pani puri - which was very bland and lacked any kind of zing that one normally associates with it. We also tried the Paratha Chicken, which was better than the pani puri. But I would any day prefer to go to Kati roll just across the street for awesome street food - authentic to Kolkata!
Thelewala was recommended by my uncle for Jhaal mudi. And since its rare to get it in NYC, I ventured to get some. We ordered the Jhaal mudi, Ragda Pattis and Pani puri. The pani puri was mediocre but the other two dishes were awesome. The jhaal mudi is insanely spicy because they add a lot of shredded hot chilly peppers. Next time I get it I plan to ask them to add less because my  insides were burning The ragda pattis was delicious and on the spicier side but not as much as the mudi. Definitely coming back for my chaat fix.
Love this place. I come by all the time to grab food. Always have done a combination of Chapli, Thelewala Chicken, and Smoky Gobi w/ egg but am now exploring more of the menu (asking the staff which they recommend) and have not been disappointed
Do NOT get the Tawa Chicken Paratha. It was just a pile of crudely spiced chicken with a couple of pieces of flatbread. I say this as someone who grew up on Indian food.No tap water. Only small bottled water for $1.50. Bad for the environment and just plain greedy.
Thelewala is perfect !! It's a tiny store(can't call it a restaurant )that serves Indian street food ! It's street good from Calcutta to be exact. It's the only place in the city I know that serves Jhal Muri ! It's an all time favorite. It's basically puffed rice served with peanuts, cucumber, onions, green chilies and I think mustard oil with some masala,it's unique and I come here often to get my Jhal Muri fix. They also serve decent Pani Puri, again something a bit different from the regular rolls. All their snacks are worth trying, the peanut masala, bhel Puri etc.. They are pretty generous with the spice, so when you order ask them to just not add any spice at all if you are not used to the heat. I can't handle their Jhal Muri spice levels, I usually get it without the green chilies. My other favorites at this place are Ghughni, which is a white pea curry which is super tasty and they serve it with their parantha. The Egg Bhurji, Indian scrambled egg is also pretty amazing. Among the rolls, my favorite is the chat pata paneer roll ! I have tried all their rolls and everything is good. You can't go wrong. Do try other things apart from the rolls, you won't get it anywhere else in the city. The price obviously cannot be beat ! Every roll is under 7$ and I think everything on the menu is under 10$. The snacks are about 5$. The place is clean and the food is always fresh and kinda healthy. It's a no brainer ! A must try. You won't always get to sit here, they have a few stools ! So be prepared to carry your food out.
Really good little spot for some post drinking munchies. This is Indian (specifically Calcutta style) street food done right!Make sure to try their chaat, jaal moori or one of their rolls. I personally like the rolls here more than the ones at Kathi Roll across the road. They also have some good plated dishes like the tava chicken, and the masala chai is solid as well. Really small place so don't expect much seating. Good place for a small bite.
This is my favorite meal in all of NYC! I don't care  where you are in the city, but you need to stop by this place
We had the Tawa Chicken frys for $9 each + tax = $9.80 each. We felt they were made of quality ingredients and seemed to be very authentic Indian street food. The Tawa Chicken is very Indian spicey (hot) which did take away from enjoying the taste of the chicken etc. If you like spicey food this place would suit you fine. For some of us, it's just not enjoyable to have your mouth basically numbed by the spices.Note that there are only a few cramped counters here to sit briefly and eat (no tables), so it's not a place for groups. You'll be in and out of here in about 20 minutes. There is no waitress / waiter service. There is no sign for a bathroom that you can access, just the counters and the order counter. Other than the very cramped quarters, on the negative side, they don't offer you water (that's $1.50 more) nor give you rice with your meal, which would have been desirable. The prices have edged higher than what is shown on the Yelp menus but for what it is, it seemed like quality food.
You need to try the chicken thelawala $5.75. It's delicioso!  Tasty and juicy and incredible flavors!!!  Service was quick for my grab and go meal!!!
Good food, they mostly specialize in rolls both vegetarian and chicken and few Indian street foodFood: 4/5 spicy at times, but delicious Service: 4/5 prompt and professional Ambiance: 1/5 no space to sit and dine Cost: 3/5, good food for inexpensive priceOverall: good food, not enough space to sit, prompt service, worth a try
Great concept but my egg roll was intensely hot and the amount of onion was overwhelming.  I'd go back..but be careful of the heat.  I will say the parantha roll and egg was cooked just perfect. Keep it up..just know it's super spicy.
What a lovely discovery. As I walked around on a nice day, I wanted a quick bite and stumbled into this little gem. I had absolutely no idea what a Calcutta nizami roll was but I followed the delicious smell from their cooking and asked them to tell me all about their rolls. The chef recommended the chicken Malal roll since I mentioned I couldn't eat spicy food. After five minutes I got my roll. It was perfect. Almost burning hot in a heat-containing bag, the wrap was filled with creamy marinade, chicken, onions, like and egg. It was perfect for a quick bite on a wintery day. Though not spicy, it had a little quick kick to the sauce and then the flavorful taste lingered in my mouth until the spices were absorbed and gone. If I ever pass by the area and need a quick bite I'll be back. Not to mention- my total cost was $6. Oh yes...
Coming from Kolkata, I think I am uniquely poised to give them an honest review (since they claim that their rolls are authentic from Kolkata). These kati rolls are far from authentic. The improvisations that they have made are fancy enough to distract you, but the flavors are not authentic at all. I grew up gorging on kati rolls in Kolkata, and I was excited to find this restaurant. But I was disappointed when I tried the rolls. There was a very long queue and the wait time was outrageous, but in the end, it was not worth it at all.
And I think to myself, what a wonderful world.  Where places that serve Indian egg rolls make me wanna leave the one I'm with and eat some chapli rolls
Overrated spot on MacDougal street.  Kati rolls have gotten ever so popular over the past 5-10 years and now more and more spots are popping up (which is a good thing).  However, I believe the quality has gone down tremendously, while the price for kati rolls have continuously increased.Thelewala is in the heart of a busy MacDougal St.  It's extremely tiny, and once you open the door, you walk up a few stairs to enter into the restaurant.  The restaurant itself can hold, maybe, and I'm being generous, about 10-12 people.  There's some seating along the wall for a few folks, and you order the counter.  It's typically a take-out or late-night spot, so that doesn't matter too much, but don't let the size of the restaurant fool you.I stopped by here last night before a comedy show and ordered two kati rolls:Gobi roll - this was decent, but there wasn't a lot of gobi in the actual roll itself.  I wasn't a big fan of their paratha's, as they tasted pretty bland and undercooked (similar to the frozen paratha's you buy at the store and grill them on your pan at home).  The roll itself was actually pretty large, bigger than other kati rolls I've had, but it didn't have as much "stuff" inside.  I was expecting a bit more gobi in the roll, in addition to some spices, but it just didn't hit the spot.Paneer roll - this one tasted better and I was actually pleasantly surprised at how well the paneer was grilled and the flavors that it was mixed with.Overall, not the best, and maybe I'll come back for a late night bite, but there are other better spots to go to if you're craving a kati roll.
We stumbled upon this place as you can easily miss it and it turned out to be great . We ordered the chicken phall roll and Chapli roll and both are excellent  although go for the phall roll only if you can handle great deal of spice .  Also must try : CHAI !
This tiny place is hidden away on Mc Dougal street and serves authentic Indian street food. Not much place to sit, but perfect for a quick bite or takeaway.One of favorite late night meals, they serve the best tawa (pan grilled) chicken as well as some amazing Kathi rolls. I will go as far as to say their Kathi rolls are often better than the Kathi roll experts across the street!I know some users don't find this place to be authentic Calcutta food, but lets not get caught up in the origins and just savor some new tastes if you will!
I love visiting this place for a quick bite if I am in this area. Their kathi rolls and chat on the menu are very well priced and great for quick bites and take outs. Not a great place to sit and eat but there are a few chairs if you'd like to. It's a nice little place.
Thelewala is VERY similar to the popular Kati Roll (across the street) but uses different seasonings. I was never SUPER crazy about Kati Roll, so really wanted to try this place out and see if it was better. The service was really quick as our order was ready in a few minutes. We got the Aloo Paneer Roll and Chata Pata Paneer Roll (made this one spicy). Both were good but I thought the Chata roll was very dry and needed a sauce to dip into. They did a great job making it spicy as we asked and both were full of flavors. The sizes were decent but you aren't going to get super full from eating just one. I actually liked the Aloo one better here then from Kati Roll because their Aloo option included shredded paneer, which was a nice mix (and I love shredded paneer so much more than the cube sized pieces). As far as taste goes, I would pick Thelewala over Kati Roll. However, I felt the rolls at Kati Roll were a little more stuffed and hence more filling for the same prices. These were not the best kati rolls I EVER had (Bombay Spice in NJ is still my #1 choice) but I would probably go again when I want a quick snack when I'm in the area. It's a VERY small spot with very limited seating so definitely a more to go kind of spot. We took ours to Washington Square Park and ate there, which was really nice. If you like kati rolls, you should definitely check this place out to give yourself more options in the city.
We tried this place while walking on the streets in soho, the look and description talked about Indian street food and the food did not quite live up to our expectations. The food was average if not below. We had okra roll, achaari aloo roll and thele wala chicken roll( probably better of the three). Don't recommend it.
This place is not bad for Indian rolls. The staff is a lot friendlier and nicer than the other Indian place across the street.
Thelewala has no choice but to be good. In this area? Right next to Kati Roll company?Thelewala offers delicious rolls for good prices. They rolls aren't very large, but they are surprisingly filling, as they are packed with a decent amount of fixings. The are priced at around 4-6 dollars for one, and usually two will do the trick for your hunger!If you like Indian food, you'll definitely love Thelewala!
Reminded me of Kati Roll. I watched them make the rolls and it seemed pretty simple. I probably should order something spicy next time for something a bit more exciting.
Love their bhel puri and gol guppas! Check it out!!
Really tiny place with just few seats...Good to get food to-go, but not really eat inside.Ordered the chicken malai roll & the thelewala roll to go. Waited about 15 min for the food to be ready. The rolls were just okay... not really that memorable. And after a couple bites of the chicken malai roll, felt something hard and I spit it out and it was some kind of seed. I think they forgot to take it out after cooking with it...I wish the portion was bigger for its price.
YES!!!! The name (which I'm told means "the street food guy" in Hindi) tells you everything you need to know about Thelewala-- it's authentic, fresh Indian street food that will satisfy any craving you've got. There's great options for vegetarians here too-- my sister is a vegetarian and she had a straight-up feast. I got the chapli roll (only 6 bucks, yes please), and it was to die for. I'm really glad I stumbled upon this little shop. Just be wary: the peak hours aren't messing around. Be ready to wait for your food if you're popping in for lunch or dinner time. It's a tiny place, so plan to eat somewhere outside of here if you're with someone-- Washington Square Park is a couple of steps away, which makes for a nice little picnic!
Super small and cramped joint. Limited seats. Not recommended for groups. So what are these rolls? It looks like a stuffed omelet. A thin wrap? It's snack size. Kind of a pricey snack. A little bigger than a McDonald's chicken wrap. Okra Roll - it was basically seasoned whole pieces of okra kept warm by a blanket of thin carbs. If you want something not too exotic and blasting with spices, this is your safe choice. Puchki (Pani Puri) - I love the idea of this but the sauce that was paired with these puffs weren't that good.  Smoked Gobi Roll - the best veggie roll here. The mashed cauliflower had small chunks of cauliflower too. The consistency is like your perfect mixture of chunk and mash potato. It's far from dry and has a hint of spice. This is the go to roll! Bhel Puri - such a great crispy snack! Each bite is full of blasting flavors and crunch. This is the must get item!
My favorite late night food place! If only taco bell were open later... Thelewala is tiny! Eating there is a little difficult because there's so little space. But the food is sooo worth it. Chata pata paneer rolls - by far the best paneer kati roll in the city. Way way better than Kati roll or masala times - the masala they use for the paneer is just so good. Overall - just a perfect place to end a night. Or stop for a quick snack and continue onwards!
This place has a lot of potential and has got an excellent menu selection. However, some of the food lacked in authentic Indian street food flavor. The chaat items, Jhaal Muri and Peanut Masala had a distinctive Wasabi like pungent taste to it. The Puchka was tasteless and the filling stale. The hot food items were better. We had the Lime Paneer roll, Paneer Masala roll and Anda Masala entree. All three were well cooked and were closer to the real deal. The owners can make this place great if they go the extra length to deliver the fresh spicy kick that is the promised land of Indian street food! Keep the faith!
So I needed to p*ss. I needed the damn loo. And I was in Mecca in Saudi Arabia. Tons and tons of Muslims, chilling in the Great Mosque and kissing a rock and sh** like that. And they were like, kiss this rock and you'll find Allah. I was like, I need to f***ing p*ss but okay I'll kiss the damn rock. So I did. And then I found Allah. I was like, Allah! Wutup! And Allah was like "oh ya know, just the usual bro. Fire and brimstone and trying to keep Jesus and Mohammad from fighting and the like." And I was like, well, I still need to p*ss. Please can you let me use "the loo, Allah." And Allah was like "the loo allah? That sounds like a great name for an Indian restaurant somewhat similar to The Kati Roll Company." And I agreed with him.And so this restaurant was born. The loo Allah. And now you know.By the way, on a serious note: if any of you are regular or religious (no pun intended) readers of my reviews, message me privately, I have something cool to tell you. And also if you are one of my followers on Yelp, let me know (publicly or privately) so I can follow you back and check out your stuff. I'll remove this paragraph in a few days. Now on with the review.What to get: Any of the rolls, they're all deliciousWhat else: Get The Lewala. Oh wait, they don't sell the lewala here. Crap.Anything else: We named the dog Indiana. The dog? You were named after the dog?If you like The Kati Roll Company, you may just love Thelewala. It's a somewhat less "mainstream" and slightly more "off the wall" version of Kati Roll, complete with "speech marks" or indeed "quote marks" on a surprisingly "regular basis" to the extent that they "really do" become nothing more than a "cliché" if you "know what" I "mean".I bring a lot of rich and powerful types here from Wall Street. They spend all day lying and making lots of money from it. And Thelewala is very popular with "Theliarsofwallstreet." OK that was a real stretch. But not as much as this (pulls down pants).It's on MacDougal street, which is a tiny little hotbed of delicious late night eateries in the heart of New York's famous and vibrant villages. The heart of Manhattan culture, if you will. It shares its street with the best Falafel & Shawarma in NYC (Mamoun's), and with its eternal and multi-location-al rival "Kati Roll", and will soon be the home of Pommes Frites and other top eateries. But Thelewala holds its own and is a real gem for Indian street food and snacks.I brought a goat with me to eat here once. They wanted to kill and curry and "Kati" the goat! I had to pretend it was a Llama to save it (they don't like Llamas, as Llamas imply Tibet). I was like, "don't touch Thellama!"Basically they sell Kati Rolls (lol) which are like chappatis, soft and squidgy and slightly smoky and delicious bread wraps (nothing like the crappy wrappies that Americans call wraps - so much more flavourful), with all sorts of amazing fillings inside. Kati Roll sell them too, but Thelewala is slightly more original and healthy with a few more variations than the more mainstream and streamlined Kati Roll. I have to be honest... between the two, I prefer a Chicken Tikka roll from Kati Roll, but I'll still enjoy a Thelewala treat anytime. They are resplendant with spices and exotic tastes, and will thrill tourists and even a few native New Yorkers (and possibly even a few actual Indians) alike.I once brought a lawyer here. The owners took him in back, and I never saw him again. My suspicion is that they served Thelawyeras the filling in a roll. Probably for the best.Check out both Kati Roll (the Midtown West location is better) and Thelewala, and see for yourself what kinds of Indian treats Manhattan has to offer.And I've already asked for a bit of leeway with my bad jokes from you readers, but you have yet to afford me Theleewaya asked for.
Was exploring MacDougal and saw this place across Kati Roll.Ordered the bhel puri -- what a fun surprise!  It was served in a tower style - uniquen as I've never had it like that!I didn't get any of the rolls this time. I will next time because I'm interested to see how they compare to Kati Roll which is directly across the street...
The claustrophobic interior - anywhere where rents aren't as sky-high as in the village would use this space as a closet - unwittingly brings to mind the crowded markets and stalls where wallas sell this sort of Indian street food back in the home-country. Thankfully, the food is also of a similar quality. The malai roll is carefully placed on a small grill from a marinating pouch below the stove. Everything is very neat and it's a very high quality piece of poultry placed on the stove. One can't help watch the meal being prepared (you are squeezed to the side of the counter while waiting for the order). It is garnished with spices and egg and then placed on a flaky paratha before serving.My chaat is freshly shaken before placed in a to-go center. All of which is roughly how it would be done on the Subcontinent, minus all of the vintage, thick-filament light bulbs that hang from the ceiling.It's not a pleasant experience, but I have no real complaints about the setup or processing. It seems that Thelewala is doing as good an effort as possible to deal with a huge amount of volume in a larger space.I hope the lines mean that a larger space - and perhaps more seating - is in the cards for the new year. Certainly more people deserve to enjoy these great snacks.
I love chaat. I used to go to Dimple before it closed. I've been to several places in Jackson Heights. I've even been to Swati Snacks in Mumbai and had the greatest Pani Puri in the world. I had Pani Puri on the streets of Kolkata with tamarind juice. And then I came to Thelewala. And I was given a container with all the ingredients and told I had to assemble it myself. It came with a little container of the curry and some tamarind juice. I thought it was a joke. But it wasn't. It turned out to be a mediocre Pani Puri at best. AVOID.
I like this place but I think I enjoy Kati Roll across the street more. Not saying the food was bad the food was good, but I feel as if Kati rolls seasoning and flavor profile is a tad bit stronger.This is a hole in the wall place you walk up a few stairs and order food to go. Overall the service compared to Kati Roll is slow. I ordered 5 rolls and they seemed to be very confused when packing my order.I will say price point I think they are better by a few cents. The rolls are also a tad bit longer. Over a nice change, but now that I've tried it I don't think i would make it my go to.
This place is really tiny even for Manhattan standards. Once you climb the tiny set of stairs you'll notice about 3 places to sit and only enough standing room to place you order. But, it's so worth it!The Kathi rolls here have been one of the best I've ever had. Great flavour, taste and the right amount of spice. The thelewala chicken roll was definitely my favorite. If requested, they can really up the level of spice in your roll. Be prepared for the spice sweats if you do. Service is fairly quick so its the absolute perfect spot to grab some post drinking late night grub.
I came here after I attempted to go to Kati Roll but their internet was down so I couldn't pay with a card. I'm really happy that I decided to come here though. I ordered the Chapli roll & a peanut masala salad. For a little more than Kati, I feel that you get better, more authentic Indian food here. The Chapli roll was on point and stuffed generously. The peanut masala salad makes for a good snack but a little too salty for me. Perfect for people who want a more extended menu than what Kati roll has to offer.
The idea of 'street food' has been making its round and Thelewala joins in the fun. This tiny more of a carry out and eat at Washington Square Park than eat-in is simple in concept. Fairly inexpensive Indian food that tastes great. The simple menu is written above and just pick. The friendly person behind the counter takes the order and then one waits. The food is flavorful and hints of heat depending upon the dish. The Chili Anda (fried egg) was delicious with a hint of spice. It was actually quite filling. I loved the Ghughni  with chickpea in a coriander and red onions.This is great place to pick up something and take it to the nearby park to enjoy which is conveniently not so far away.
My husband and I decided to create our very own food tour and this place was first on our list. We ordered a chicken Malai roll and it was amazing. We have eaten at Kathi roll before but this place was way better/ cleaner and chicken actually tasted like real meet. the chef was very nice to us. He explained the ingredients he used and everything. We were pleased to go here first, we started our food tour with mouth watering flavors. We look forward to go back and trying more things on the menu
Ordered tawau chicken with paratha... and rolls ... read the reviews on yelp and ordered there. But was utterly disappointed by the taste. It isn't actually Indian taste. Wouldn't recommend this.
Been coming here for the past 10 years. Never disappointed. Staff is always courteous!!
This place is good. It seems to have a cult following because it's frequented by drunk people or NYU students. It's by no means bad, but it's not the freshest and most amazing wrap bread, and the ingredients tend to just taste like a random assortment of messy vegetables.   If you like omelets, you will love this place. I have been here a few times and my last time I got a roll without an egg, it wasn't the same. I also remember it being a bit fresher and more exciting the first few times I came, it's just no different than what a lot of street carts are offering nowadays, just a little bit more expensive.
Good veggie food. yes yes yes. and beautifully small.
Very, very small place. You can eat in a stool right on the side of the kitchen. Is not bad,  it was almost like street food but in a "restaurant" (saying that just for the 6 stools). Food was ok. I'm a Indian food fan. I tolerate spice and "hotness".  I order the lamb "wrap".  I think this place is perfect for basic palate people wanting something to go. I don't know. If wasn't bad,  but neither memorable. We'll yes...  For it size...  I'm sorry the place across the street has better reviews but the waiting line was 45 minutes...  Ying and Jang. Always. Next time I'll wait. But it's OK for Less adventurous people (highly recommend). The service,  cook and guess owner is not the most friendly guy...  But we are in NYC, what else can you expect...  Lol!!!
The best chapli roll so far. The place is very small and congested. Don't try their puchka (panipuri) very hot and spicy and no taste at all. It's a good place for so called NIZAMI ROLL, but under $10, it's a best deal.
WOW. I was shocked at how authentic this all tasted, just like Kolkata's street food! Definitely try the bhelThe store is definitely small, but that's New York. The owner (I think) was very nice and she even told us about the student discount!
We had gone today...Food is just phenomenal! The chicken rolls are great, the meat is clean, the parathas are not oily at all. We also got the bhel which was so good. The people at the counter are very nice and polite(the woman who was making the bhel she also the guy making the rolls- both were very sweet).The place is definitely tight in terms of space and seating ...but all that can be forgotten once you try the food( we liked it a million times more than Kati roll- service included).
Delicious addicting food and a very kind staff. Every time I go in it's the same guy behind the counter and he is always smiling and friendly even when he's working in the hot kitchen in the summer. Always recommend this place to my friends.
This is the best place we've been till now in NYC, The prices are reasonable, the food is  healthy. You've got variety of wraps to choose.If you want to have a wrap just go to this place without any second thoughts!I like spicy food , so I had Achari Aloo Tikki Roll with Phall Sauce, the taste was priceless.The spicyness of phall sauce with chat masala on wrap is too good to resist. Going back again.
Thanks again to my fellow yelpsters, I found Thelewala and chose that over another well recommended spot.  I tried both the Ghungi w parantha and Tawa chicken.  Even though this is a small spot, they pack a punch with the food they put out.  It all tasted like it had taken hours to make but after a few minutes mine was all ready to go.  The bread is very tasty and goes so well with the rest of the things they serve.
Please see attached pics of BURNT FOOD!  I am writing this review after eating at Thelewala for over the past 4 years and not to mention I have given them tremendous business and introduced many people to them. However since the business started and up to now it has increased in popularity but started to neglect it's quality. They burn their food have lazy employees who do not clean or scrape charred remnants off the grill. Many times I have ordered 7 to 8 rolls as a takeaway and much to my surprise driving back to brooklyn having everyone eat burnt Chapli rolls. Charred blackened up burnt rolls. This has happened a few times while eating at the location as well. It came to a point where I got fed up of paying for burnt food and politely asked the Nepali lady to please take their time and not to burn the Chapli roll. She obliged. Next day she burnt the rolls again. I asked if she can please remake me one. She not only refused but was extremely rude beliggerant and offensive. I tried to calm her down and show her the burnt roll in addition to explaining how burnt food charred blackened stuff is cancereous. Horrible customer service. We ended up going to Kati Roll to eat normal food that hasn't been burnt. Many customers who witnessed this also left. Now I took it upon myself to speak to the owner the next afternoon. He was aplogetic after trying to argue and not till after I showed him the burnt pics did he aplogize and slightly agree as if it would damage his ego. He didn't offer any replacements and the owner, this dirty old indian guy spent his time visually harrassing me and talking to my boobs! He kept bragging about how many resturaunts he has etc etc. We left never to return again. I prefer kati roll across the street much better. It has great customer service and I've never had a complaint there.
Amazingly great Bhel Puri and tasty nizami rolls. The space is quaint, but the flavors are huge. If you are new to spicy foods, ask for mild. For those who can handle the heat, make it hot! Your taste buds will be on fire, in a good way. It's upstairs and there are a few stools along the bar, best to grab and go.
Came here for the first time in four years and this place has still got it. It was jam packed with Indian tourists looking to grab food that reminded them of home, which is how you know it's authentic AF. I got the lime paneer and chata-pata paneer roll and walked over to Washington Square park, where I was able to enjoy my rolls with a side of people-watching. The lime paneer roll has the texture of a paneer scramble (dry, with the lime hitting you on each miniscule piece of scrambled paneer) and the caramelized onions it comes with add both a slight crunch and a hint of sweetness. The chata-pata paneer roll has cubes of paneer, with a sweet tomato based sauce and hints of chaat masala. I will say that the chaat masala could be stronger (but I saw the family that ordered before me customize their rolls' spice levels so maybe I should do that next time) and this roll tends to be slightly soggier/messier. Still, a wonderful meal for ~$10, and I would recommend (especially over their competition on the same block).
Listen. I just got my feelings hurt and my stomach filled in the best possible way at this place. I got a spicy chicken roll, because I felt like I needed to introduce a little more heat and spice into my system. I felt like a little bit of a cold coming on. I order at the counter, and dude says, "It's really spicy."  I said okay. He then says, "But it's really spicy."  I felt a twinge of annoyance, because in my mind, I don't think I look like a dude who likes tepid, bland food. I've been to India twice and have had authentic Indian spicy food, in people's homes and on the street. I'm like, "I'm good, son."  I even said something stupidly in Hindi as if that would give me spicy hot cred. I wasn't ready. Not only was the roll delicious, it was the spiciest ish that I've eaten in recent memory. Like it burnnnnnnns! I did have the good sense to get some water, and I downed nearly 16 ounces in five minutes. Now I feel like I have more color in my cheeks and everywhere else for the next hour or more. All I can say is that dude tried to warn me. But I will and would do it all over again, because the sandwich was superb!  Recently, I don't even eat sandwiches, but I will hazard messing up my diet for that. The space is tight, so you best not flex your elbows too much when you're there.  But who goes to holes in the wall for ambience?
I especially wanted to try their Puchkas and bhel when we visited NY. The puchkas were horrid. The water tasted as if of preservatives. But the bhel was delicious. Made in mustard oil, it was spicy and tangy and just yum.
Service was friendly despite the Saturday late night rush. Nizami rolls are just like Kathi rolls minus the heart burn, minus the gross thick roti and plus customizable spicy level.Hope that I'll be able to try other items on their menu someday.
Tried the chapli roll and the one with habanero chutney, both are amazing!
The ghugni was almost as good as the one back home (Bangladesh). The pani puri was also very decent. The staff were very nice. Most definitely would make the commute all the way down more often solely because this place exits.
Really five stars for fresh uniqueness, incredibly fair prices, and delicious eats. I did not expect to taste new things here. Both things we got feature the usual indian dried cracker snacks you load into plastic bags out of barrels (at least that's how they do on Devon in Chicago). And man was it good!Also, I feel like an ass but forgot to ask the awesome woman at the register her name. She was really great. Really.
This one's a winner right here! Their signature "thelewala" chicken malai roll is amazing, and way better than the chicken-egg roll at their more famous counterpart at the Kathi Roll company. There's no other way to put it than to say that it's simply fabulous. This is what we're talking about when we talk Kati Rolls. Real deal, right here!!!
I have been coming here for years since this place opened. When we have guests over this is one stop we make on our food tour. Everything on the menu is a hit. The lamb Chaapli roll is my favorite. Thelewala chicken roll, achari aloo, smokey gobi, and lime paneer are all good. The chai is decent and all the cold chaatwala foods are delicious as well. If only there was more place to sit and there wasn't such a crowd every time we were there.
Finally after a long time got to eat their chicken katti roll...which was really good and delicious a good grab on for a busy day
I couldn't ever imagine getting Kolkata style paani puri (fuchka) in New York till I discovered this place! Just amazing Kathi rolls as well..this place is open till 5 am in weekends and is the perfect place to grab some amazing spicy food!
I have been here before and had to return because of the wait. Very limited seating space so it could get really crowded sometimes. However, it is definitely better than the Kati Roll Company nearby in terms of quality of food. Very reasonably priced (the rolls are just $5.5), the rolls were good enough (That coming from an Indian means quite a lot!). We tried the thelewala chicken roll and I found it to be better than the Malai Chicken Roll. They could reduce the tanginess though (a little too much of lemon I am guessing).The Masala tea was really nice! I saw a lot of people the Tawa chicken with paratha and it looked yum. I think I will order the Tawa chicken paratha and pani puri next time I visit.
Not enough stars.  Flavor, spices, texture, taste these guys have it all.  I make a special trip all the way from the upper West side. This is the best that mom and pop shop can give.  It is teeny, the menu is huge, the food is unlike anything I have ever had in the city, however I have not actually been to India to vouch for its authenticity.
Tried this place out based on some great recommendations. Located in the Greenwich village it has some delicious looking options on the menu but the food was just about OK.
Stopped by for a sampling of the food.  Had the Chicken Phall and it was our favorite.  Spicy hot, in an amazing flavor popping in you mouth making  you want more way!  It was fresh and flavorful.  A must try.  Nice thing was that we had a bite to eat here and it was fabulous and cheap and was able to sample other places on the street too.  A must stop for everyone.  Have great non-spicy options for the faint of heart and mouth.  YUM!
This place is out of this world. We ordered the egg roll, chatpata paneer roll, the paneer lime n coriander roll and the aloo tiki roll. Each roll is better than the other and this place is open till 2 am. A must try for those who like a little bit of spice. Kathi roll company is more mild thn this one.
Amazing Indian street food place. The panipuri (phuchka) was the best I have had in U.S., very close to the type you will get in Kolkata. The achari aloo roll and chatpata chicken roll was delicious, just like the ones you get back in India especially Kolkata. Totally thrilled discovering this place.. Mouth wateringly tasty Indian street food! Will definitely keep coming back..
Flavor explosion in the mouth!I cannot find a better phrase to explain this experience. My friend decided to show me around the neighborhood for lunch and I am so glad she took me here. Walking in, I already had a good feeling. The interior reminded me of a spice shop with its huge decorative jars on surrounding shelves, but it also had a slight modern twist with lots of mirrors.The guy at the counter was really nice and helpful, and I decided to go with the Thelewala Chicken and Lime Paneer rolls, extra spicy. When we got them, my mouth was watering from the spice I could smell from the roll. And the first bit was heavenly. I love spicy foods for their heat but also for their flavor. The thelewala roll packed a huge punch of flavor with a nice kick, a perfect combination of both. The chicken was rolled in something that gave it a nice savory but sour flavor. Honestly, there were so many amazing flavors moving around my mouth, I couldn't pinpoint exactly what everything was. But I can tell you one thing: it was delicious. My second roll wasn't as good, probably because, as my friend pointed out, the paneer was crumbly and didn't provide much substance. In the end, it turned out to be a big nizami roll of spicy.I'm giving this place 5 stars because it is one of the best flavor combinations I have ever had. Savory, sour, and spicy, all packed in one, moderately cheap roll. Although it's not the cost-efficient lunch, if you're looking for a new snack place, hit THELEwala up!Pros: flavors, price, speedy serviceCons: (may be too spicy for the mild eaters)Dishes to order: Thelewala ChickenDishes to skip: Lime Paneer
One of the places in NY I have visited more than 7-8 times and I will keep coming again n again for their awesome rolls &  delicious masala chai. The seating arrangement is very congested but I have been lucky enough to get a seat always.
Eating thelewala is like going back to my childhood and sharing 'tiffin' with my bengali friends. The rolls are stuffed but neat and easy to eat. I have tried every roll and my favorites are the gobi, chicken tawa and the chickpea curry. The produce here is quality and the food is not greesy. Eat here cause its good.
I went in the this establishment not expecting much. Found myself not wanting to leave. Ambience wise, its a very small space crowded with sitting stools. You end up either bumping into a fellow customer or a sitting arrangement. Definitely not a sit down place. But well lighted. Food wise. Now here is where things get wild. :)  Food is off the hook !!! ordered the PEANUT MASALA .... awesome!CHICKEN ROLL.........awesome!Paneer Roll ...............awesome!Service was pretty good too, If you're new to the Indian street food the cook can make some nice suggestions for you.my girl friend .... was having a foodgasim if that is a real world  Prices are super cheap so you can keep ordering the rest of the menu. I think next time  I'm going to try the JAAL MOORI and BHEL PURI  So if you want to experience street food of Calcutta, or India in general this is the place to go to. Its cheap and the food is great. Also the cooks use Olive oil instead of some cheap oils, so you definitely cant get sick from the food here. This is definitely our go to place for some quick street food from now on.
Something that New York definitely does right is Indian street food. And this place is no exception. I have gotten a variety of different foods on their menu, and they were all really good. A warning -- they are not joking when they talk about the habanero chutney in their Chicken Phall Roll. I have a very very high spice tolerance, but this was too much. So if you do get this roll I highly recommend telling them to only add a little habanero. Their rolls are very tasty, as is their chaat food such as their Bhel Poori. I also tried their Tawa Chicken with Paratha which I enjoyed as well -- very good sized quantity for the price. Also very convenient that this place is open so late. I definitely like it better than Kati Roll.
The chats we took was nothing like I have ever tasted. The place itself was very small and it can get very cramped. I was looking forward to Indian food being good considering it was NY and was very disappointed. Avoid this place.
Love, love, love their rolls! A small yet popular place to satiate your spice cravings on Mc Dougal street. Their menu is limited but their rolls and chats are quite flavorful. I tried their Lime Paneer Roll and Achari Aloo Tikki Roll. The fillings of the rolls were quite tangy (which I loved). Surprisingly, the skin of the rolls was not very greasy which I think was amazing. They don't have much seating space, thus it's better to prefer your rolls on-the-go!!
My favorite place closed so I figured I would give this place a shot. The food was good but they have no proper seating. I am scared of heights so when I got a seat right above the stairs I was scared the entire time that I will fall down. The stools are too high for the table thing on the wall I couldn't even sit with my feet under. Otherwise the food is really good. I got chicken with paratha and it was a lot for one person to finish (and I eat a lot).
Not quite as good as desi galli in murray hill but pros are more student discounts and even spicier food, although desi galli has better discounts for bulk orders and rewards cards.  I had the chicken phall roll.  Nice spiciness not overwhelming, cilantro flavor was excellent, but a bit too salty from the chat masala.  A little bit less chat masala and this place will be 5 stars.  Desi galli is not nearly as salty and much tastier for that reason.  Very good chai masala, great on a cold day.  I do recommend to people that are not as sensitive to higher amounts of chat masala and the salts they contain.  I would definitely come back and just ask for less chat masala.
Health Grade: AThis place is amazing. I come here all the time when I'm down in the village and it never disappoints me. I actually like these better than Kati Rolls, and I've tried Kati Rolls at multiple places, but that's probably just a matter of preference. What I've eaten:Achari aloo: Delicious. The potatoes are a good consistency - not too mushy and not too hard. It's slightly spicy which is perfect.Egg roll: Also delicious. It has one star for spiciness, which is actually pretty spicy - and I do like spicy food. Thelewala Chicken roll: Yum. I don't think I can really tell the difference between the different chicken rolls, but this is what I generally get everytime.
Okra roll, fresh with tangy lime - SO GOOD. Will be coming back here to try the other rolls. Service is fast and friendly, with some seating if you like.
I so wanted to give this place a 5 star rating , but the super bland aloo roll I had stopped me from doing so. The bhel puri was yummy though. The store is small, somewhat hot and quite inexpensive.Average price per person: $10-12
This place is quite literally a hole in the wall with about 4 chairs in total and the cooking done right in front of you. The roll was quite delicious but I wish the portion was bigger for the price :)
Nice small place offering chaat with a super spicy kick! You can control spice offcourse by telling them how much to put. Have tried their bhel puri several times. Except for one day, it's always worth it. Would definitely recommend
I had the jaal muri, which is like toasted rice type things mixed with potatoes, fried garlic, peanuts and perhaps other things. It's a pungent and spicy affair and makes for a great snack. For some reason some bites are way spicier than others but there was no visual indication as to why. Quite mysterious.
This is my most unusual review so far: I am giving them 4 stars just for their friendly service, without having ordered any food.We were walking by on other business, having never heard of Thelewala, and noticed that they have masala chai.  We have yet to find good masala chai where we currently live. Hubby wanted to save his change for the evil tolls that plague the wretched northeast, so he wanted to pay by credit card.  Unfortunately, they have a $10 min for credit card purchases.  No worries, the owner/manager (I presume, he was an Indian guy), said to take the chai for free!  I felt bad, and nefore leaving, dug through my wallet, and eventually found change and paid anyway.Their masala chai is decent--tho I like it stronger and spicier.Any one reading this who is a masala chai fiend: what is the best you have found in either NYC or the DC/Baltimore area?
Been there only once..and I went nuts with the perfect egg bhurji masala and paratha! A must try for Indian street food
Amazing spicy kaathi rolls. We tried the thelewala chicken roll and the chicken phall (spicy) roll which was spicy as hell- but super tasty. Don't go there expecting fine dining- thela in Hindi means cart and this is literally a take-out only restaurant with a couple of chairs. I'd definitely recommend this place- we found this better than kaathi roll factory. They meticulously pack the food in warm pouches for take out.
One of my favorite spots in the city. Love the malai chicken and spicy phaal rolls. I could eat these everyday. So addictive.
I will not be back.I've been here three times in the past year so I think I have enough experience to write a review. Is the food really as cheap as you'd expect? NO! They claim to have won some award for being the 'best cheap place to eat' or something like that, but think about it for a second. Their prices have gone up - on average you're paying $5 or so for a roll, and it's not enough to make a meal out of.  You can do much better getting pizza, falafel, street meat, etc.The service is not efficient. They claim to be 'Indian Cart Food' but carts are run much more efficiently. This place has one guy cooking everything fresh and made to order. That just doesn't work for the kind of food they're serving. The last time I went I waited (not at a peak time) for at least 10 minutes and then they forgot one of my rolls so I had to wait even longer. Was the food any good though? It was OK.  Not worth the wait or the price though, sorry.
How do you turn down street food of any kind?!?  We were intrigued and excited to give this place a try - small joint up the stairs, sure it would be cozy and warm on a cold winter day but it was quite hot in late May.We tried the chapli roll ($6) - minced lamb rolls, red onions, lime and fried eggs.  Asked for spicy and it was good, not spicy for me but still tasty.  Had the masala chai w/ milk - $1.5, not bad.Looking forward to trying more stuff on our next visit.Hubby has lovingly dubbed Macdougal as "Grub Street".
We had few rolls and Ragda Petish. Chicken was grilled and was finger licking good, but out of all Ragda Petish was real good almost reminded me of Indian street food.
I really like this place.  If you're feeling like something spicy, the chicken phall roll is one of the best options in the area.  The lamb chapli roll or the tawa chicken (w/ bread) are my less spicy alternatives.  I'd note that if you're even a moderately hungry person looking for a meal, you're going to need two rolls, so it's not as cheap as it might appear.  But everything I've had is tasty and made to order.  One of my favorites on Macdougal.
I have eaten here many, many times in the past few years. The place is small and the lines are sometimes long. The food is fast food, but it sometimes takes a little bit for you to get your food. Technically, this place was better before the menu changed and the values were better. You used to be able to get egg on the vegetarian options, but now the egg is only available on the meat options, which is not great for vegetarians. That said, what they do have here is pretty delicious and doesn't taste like your standard suburban stripmall Indian food. Sure, there is paneer and chicken and whatever, but the flavor profile is very particular to this place (yes, this even tastes different than the kati rolls that you can get at nearby locations). Plus, they got these puffed rice Indian street snacks, which are pretty fun and are not available in most Indian restaurants. These should definitely be tried by people interested in trying new things. The most cost effective of their non-roll options is their peanut snack, which is spicy, spiced, and full of protein. This place is really good, but it is a little bit on the expensive side. I will certainly be back more times.
As a Bangladeshi, its hard to judge Bengali food establishments. Case in point, Kati Roll across the street has pretty good food, but being run by Bengalies, once they detect me as such, they exude a lot of latent hostility which is totally misdirected.  Secondly, my mother is a fantastic cook, so I have a very high reference point.So once Thelewala opened up, I started coming here because I had no time for the attitude, yet yearned for street food.  Their service is very good, everyone is very friendly, and the food is actually really, really good.  You can't go wrong with fried eggs on a roti, but you can with chunks of spiced white meat. To their credit, the chicken is always soft and juicy, and well spiced, so there's a lot of flavor.  The default Thelewalla roll is great, and the Phall is very good if you love spicy food (VERY spicy), it'll definitely sober you up (wink, wink). I mostly stick to the rolls, the lamb is a standout.  The panipuri, jhall muri etc are actually pretty bland, I can make better at home, if you must, travel to Jackson Heights to get these from the street vendors where they actually make these stuff really well.But the rolls, yeah, Thelewalla is brilliant at them.
Was recommended to this place by an Indian friend of mine. This place is primarily a takeout joint as there are only enough seats for about 5 people at any one time (not too different from many of the other eateries around here really)/Went for the Thelewala roll which was chicken, onions, egg and green chutney in a roll.Be warned - these things are small! While it was cheap (below $6) it definitely wasn't very filling. I'd say you need 2 in order to make a proper meal, at least!Other than that, I was very satisfied with the taste and aroma of the roll. Could smell the fresh aroma of clay oven baked meat once I opened the package, which, to a guy raised on the magic of Indian food is nothing short of heavenly. Will definitely be trying the spicier options available next time!
Thelewala if probably one of my favorite kati roll company in the city! Besides the Biryani cart on 42st Times Square, thelewala is my #2. I usually get the Chana bhel with is very spicy so be careful for brown people only! I definitely like thelewala than the kati roll company which has gotten worse over the years after their fame.
If there's a restaurant in the village that aspires to the heights of culinary divinity (and is astoundingly affordable), it's Thelewala. After happening upon this small but well-decorated establishment, I found myself becoming a disciple of their beautiful nizami rolls. I highly recommend the Chicken Malai Roll and the Lime Paneer Roll. Individually, at $5.50 each, you'll have yourself a meal. In combination, it's a feast. These are the milder (yet delightfully flavorful) options, but fans of spicier dishes have much to choose from as well. This is a great place to stop for a quick lunch- On warm days, I'll often order my rolls to go and head to Washington Square. If you happen to bar hop in the village, take your drunchies over to Thelewala for a late night bite. The restaurant's hours are very accommodating. Whether you're new to Indian food or an aficionado of this cuisine, Thelewala will impress.
This was a great addition to the block which has so many quick bite options. I now come here more often than Mamoun's, which means a lot.  Mamoun's is an institution and I still go there often. My favorite is Okra Roll. Every time I meant to try something different, I end up ordering Okra Roll again. I finally tried Cauliflower one, which was also good. The secret is the combination of the spices, red onion and lime flavor.  All of them together are so refreshing. One roll is perfect when I'm kind of hungry but don't want to be stuffed as I have a dinner plan later.  Recommended.
I got the chicken malai, which was pretty good but not amazing. I literally just chose something quickly as I was in a rush. I've since been tipped by a friend that the chat pata paneer is amazing so please don't make the mistake I did and get that instead! There seems to be a debate as to whether this or Kati roll is better. I have to say I'm on the Kati roll side of the fence right now, but to be fair I need to give thelewala another chance and I will definitely try the paneer the next time I visit.This place is tiny and not a good restaurant to come eat out, but its a nice place to get takeout or bring wherever you're going bc the food is wrapped up like a burrito in a roti for easy eating.
Get the Chicken malai Roll- hands down the best item on the menu. I really enjoy the lime in this little wrap. Took a while for it to cook but the food is legit. You can also ask them to adjust the level of spiciness in the roll to your liking. Anywho, a solid spot on the block. I would definitely come back for some rolls next time.
This is probably the best Indian street food I've had in the city. I do have to issue a disclaimer, however. When you tell average restaurants to make something "spicy," you're usually met with something topped with crushed red peppers or two miniature jalapenos. Thelewala is no average restaurant. They absolutely do not fuck around when it comes to spiciness. When I told them to make my egg roll spicy, the guy behind the counter gave a slight laugh. Little did I know that in his mind he was plotting an absolute massacre of my taste buds. I took one bite and immediately had to drink a gallon of water. Regardless, I knew water was good for me and that eggs = protein, so I powered through. Even when my coworkers came up to my desk and asked if I needed a napkin because I was sweating so much, I knew I had to finish. When I did take the last bite of my egg roll, I knew that I had not only conquered the spices that exist in Thelewala's spice rack, but I conquered myself. I really pushed myself to the limit for this one, and I can one day look back at that moment as a turning point in my eating career. Thanks for the memories, Thelewala.
I went here last night because I was starving, I'm already an avid Indian food lover I've never had the rolls before, this place was awesome!!! Can't wait to go back
When to come here:-Quick, cheap dinner-Late night drunk foodI had the thelewala chicken roll. It was so good. I had to wait a little for them to cook it, but when I got it, it was nice and piping hot. I want to go back again and try the whole menu!
The Chicken Phall roll I just sweated and cried through bullied me into writing this. Maybe it was just the heat in washington square park, but that was the spiciest thing I've eaten in manhattan, and I'm so glad it exists.I've been here too many times to count, and can ALWAYS rely on their delicious rolls or Tawa Chicken Basta Khani to fill me up. If you're new to Thelawala, I suggest trying a roll or two (two for a filling meal) and mix it up! I paired my insanely spicy Chicken Phall roll with an Okra roll which immediately cooled me off. The Basta Khani are platters instead of rolls, but are also great--try anything and everything!Ps: love the music here, it's loud and sometimes Indian and sometimes American pop--funny combo. Pps: large groups beware! only about 6-7 stools in the place, so take out is a good idea.
This is not just "Indian Food" - this is "Calcutta Street Food".  That's how Thelewala is billed, and having been to Calcutta and dared (re: risked death) to eat the street food I can fully endorse that this place lives up to the billing 1000%, with the awesome EXCEPTION that you will NOT risk death!  Could you ever ask for more?Calcutta food is known for it's spice, but a spice that's regionally special.  This place nails it.  The smells, the vibe, the tasty chai - it's like you were whisked away.  Again, it nailed Calcutta rolls perfectly!  Rolls are a delicacy there as popular as burritos are in the Americas.  This place gets them perfect!  FYI this place is truly tiny.  You will make new friends if you try to sit inside because you will be up-close-and-personal.  Can you ask for more in NY?Suggestions:Thelewala Roll for a Spicy no-brainer (they can go mild if you prefer, but why???)Malai Roll for saucyChicken Phall Roll for mouth searing hot!Bhel Puri - a fave Cal snack.  Kinda like little crunchy shells filled with a sauce - oh forget it, I don't know how to describe it, just get it!Now the prices.  $5 for a tasty, filling and healthy roll!  Yes, $5.  Subway has nothing on this place!  OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG! OMG!
(3.5 stars) So I am a huge Kati Roll Co loyalist and even though I've passed by Thelewala a number of times, I've never given them a shot. This week when I found myself in the vicinity for lunch, I dropped my guard and decided to give them a try. Firstly, this is the most friendly, efficient and warm service I've ever received in a NYC Indian restaurant. Full marks for that! Secondly, these rolls are good value for money and they are bigger than the Kathi Roll co version. The food: Quite preferred the veggie rolls to the non-vegetarian ones.  Of the Lime Paneer and Aaloo Tikki, the latter definitely gets my vote - it was spiced well and had better flavors. The paneer roll was on the drier side. We also tried the Malai Chicken roll and the Thelewala Chicken roll and both were pretty dry and had a little too much cardamom. Of the two, the Malai Chicken was better. They also have Indian chai and I loved it, on a really cold NYC afternoon, it tasted like manna from heaven! Will be going back to try the chaat.
Made it my mission to try this place and was not disappointed. Filling and delicious. I liked the Achari Aloo Tikki roll, but the potato filling was a little to carb-heavy for me to order regularly. The Chicken Malai roll was great. If you order these to go, make sure to eat them within 20 minutes as they are best fresh. The place is tiny and cramped, but the line moves fairly quickly.
The Nizami rolls we tried yesterday were tasteless. It seems the place is overrated. I would recommend Kathi Roll company over this anytime.
Delicious Kathi rolls !! Quick service !!  2 thumbs up.Tried this place while actually trying to pick up kati rolls from the Kati roll company across the street. I had the Chapli kabab and Thelewala Chicken roll. Both were awesome with big fillings of minced lamb and shredded chicken respectively. Perfectly spiced ; they hit the spot. I would rate them higher than Kati Roll company !!A must try if you happen to be in NYc and are in the McDougal St. area. A real shame that Bay Area does not have such hidden gems on offer !!!
Great place for after drink food. I tried chicken phall roll which was as hot/spicy any eatable item could be even by my very high spice tolerance level - but it was tasty and i enjoyed it despite water dripping from my eyes and nose ;). ( The server did warn me though before taking order)
Best Kati Rolls around! Try the chapli, or the chicken phall if you're in the mood for something spicy
Okay I get that these little wraps are a fun twist but they're really not that special and they're overpriced for their size/ingredients. I mean I am 115 pounds and I really don't eat that much (unless it's a plate of fries) so I ordered one but was extremely unsatisfied so I ended up ordering THREE and I was still kinda hungry...really? Also, I am a big fan of SPICEY foods. Like I love me a side of tears with my curry but the spices used in the rolls are not a good mix in my opinion. I wouldn't order this again that's for sure. Over all, I was pretty disappointed with my experience on an otherwise wonderful street of quick bites to eat. ps. if you absolutely must try it, take it to go, this place is super tiny.
I go here every time I'm in NYC. The chapli roll is to die for, especially the spicy version. The other rolls are great as well. I wish they would increase the size of this location. Sometimes it can get too cramped in there, more so when you end up waiting because of the long line ahead of you. Staff are very nice, accommodating and friendly.
Great rolls and super friendly service. It's tiny inside so it can get a little hot and crowded while you wait if there's a line. My favorite is the paneer, which they can make pretty spicy upon request. I love the little bottled mango drink, it's super sweet but definitely quells the heat from your rolls.$10 card minimum.
Delicious rolls (I tried 2 of the chicken ones). If they were ~$3-4 each it would be a 5-star no-brainer but at $5.50 for a pretty small roll they seem expensive - you're going to need to at least 2 to feel full. Regardless, the food is great and the service is nice - I'll be back to try the plates.
Ordered take-out through Seamless at around noon on a Sunday and it arrived within 25 minutes. That's a star right there.I got the okra roll and was very impressed. The okra was still crisp, corriander brightened it up and there was just enough heat to raise a light dew on my brow. I should note that I eat pretty spicy stuff, namely habanero and "thai" spicy.The portion isn't huge but I'm not the kind of person who needs to feel full. Satisfied is my general target for a meal and this hit the bull's eye.For the price, the flavor, and the convenience, this was exactly what I was looking for.
I have a confession. I love Kati Roll across the street, but I have been having an illicit affair with Thelewala. She makes me feel things that Kati Roll could never dream of.Let's start with the rolls. Everything I've had is absolutely delicious, but I have to give a special shout out to the habanero-fueled Chicken Phall roll which has just enough of a kick to satisfy my spice addiction. It packs in the right amount of heat to strike a balance that doesn't overpower the flavor of the roll or compromise to a more mainstream definition of "spicy" (Yes, I am a spicy food hipster).The phuchka is the best in Manhattan (if you're not familiar, do yourself a favor and try it). It feels pretty damn close to sitting in a Bengali dhaba when you crack open your phuchka shell, stuff it with the potato/chickpea filling  and pour on the sweet and spicy tamarind sauce  before scarfing the whole thing down in a single go.The prices are also unbeatable. While it wouldn't be hard to splurge here just to sample everything on the menu, it's also more than possible to stuff yourself for $10. The space may be just a bit too tiny, but that certainly falls right in line with the ambiance they're trying to go for.Yes, Kati Roll may be more experienced, more prolific and safer, my true love is without a doubt Thelewala. And while I'd never abandon my relationship with Kati Roll, it's Thelewala that I lie awake and yearn for.
Yum! I recommend the roll with potato and paneer. I also tried the paneer and lime roll, but you really cannot beat potatoes when it comes to this kind of food item. Next time I'm in the area I will be back to eat one again! The employees were nice and had no problem filling up my water bottle for me.
It's a good pick up for the vegetarians.. And it's open till late in the night which is a great plus point..  We ordered chick peas chaat which was awesome.. Some Alu parathas which were decent enough..The space however is too small so eating there is a bad option.. Take always or delivery sounds so much better...
*** Beware - their food is SPICY ***During my 3-year stay in NYC, the only kathi rolls I really cared about were the ones at 'The Kathi Roll'.  Then I recently heard about 'Thelewala', which opened up right across Kathi Roll.I tried this place out yesterday and tried the following:- Bhel Pori: Delicious, but spicy.- Achari Aloo Tikki Roll: very spicy, but very good.  Wish it was less spicy. My husband ordered:- Chicken Malai Roll- Thelewala Chicken RollAccording to him, both were delicious, but the latter was very spicy.My verdict for The Kathi Roll vs Thelewala?  Well, my vote still goes to The Kathi Roll as I have been eating there for years, and its easier to digest the spice level.  Thelewala is definitely worth a try, and if you are a fan of spicy food, you will surely like the rolls here.
Simple, tasty goodness.  The Thelawala Chicken roll is where it's at!  Grilled to perfection with you-call-it spicy level -- I cannot get enough of this roll.  The restaurant is quaint and a bit tiny/cozy -- but the workers are very friendly and nice.  I've also tried its rival competitor Kati Roll and I'd have to say this edges them out for the flavor.  Perhaps it's because you can see the cooks actually grilling your food fresh that lends to this anticipation and yumminess.Highly recommend!
Ignored the NYT and SE reviews and the words of Daniel Boulud and went with Chili Anda with Paratha for $2.48 after a 15% discount and $4 delivery.com credit.Staff was friendly and the food was ready & tasty, so I'd certainly return for "The Famous Nizami Roll", the peanut masala, the bhel por, and the okra kati roll to name a few.Per GS 2014 "Of all the Indian street-food purveyors clustered around the improbable intersection of Macdougal and Bleecker, this one stands out--not least for its griddled-to-order nizami rolls, the rolled parathas said to have originated at Nizam's restaurant in owner Shiva Natarajan's native Kolkata. Transported to New York and stuffed with fillings like egg, minced lamb, chicken, and lime-flavored paneer, they make a perfect midnight snack (the second-story nook is open till 2 a.m., and later on weekends). If you're feeling especially peckish, add a chaat, one of those compulsively edible crunch-and-munch bursts of texture and flavor, as tangy and refreshing on the streets of Greenwich Village as on the beaches of Mumbai. "
I've been here twice now and while what I've had has been good (chicken phall roll and chicken malai roll), it's also been wholly forgettable. For example, last night I had the chicken phall roll (which includes a HABANERO sauce) and a mere 12 hours later I can barely recall even the level of heat.  Granted, this could be because I have not acquired a taste for Indian food in general (the spices are taking some time for me). However, even if that was the case, the time to serve these fairly small wrap-like entrees was puzzling as well. At 9 pm, with no other customers in line, it shouldn't take 10+ minute to prepare one measly roll, especially for an establishment that purports itself as "street food." Despite the negativity that I've expressed thus far, I would probably come back if I was in the area. It's serviceable and good for a quick snack. I'd definitely call ahead though.
I had a debate that  Kati Roll Company was better than THELEwala. I have to digress and say THELEwala wins. The crazy lines of  Kati Roll Company.the mad house.  I only believe there is a long line because only few know the other place lies across the street exist. This is Authentic from what my Indian friends tell me. The hardcore go to THELEwala. You walk in to be received by a wait staff that is friendly and attentive and ready to serve. I get THELEwala CHICKEN ROLL $5.50, Fried eggs, red onions, house blend spices and lime But i have found out that the Egg part for me Drys it out so take that out. Keep All of the trimming. i ask for extra red onion, and cilantro, The best part is when cook opens the drawer and pull out one of those marinated chickens its actually green.  It looks like a chunk of incredible hulks biceps sliced to perfection. but seriously its GREEN "We use farm raised natural chicken (Antibiotic and hormone free)" says the website. I have not been to the farm where they raise Them one day i will have a UYE there!!.  They take their time creating this piece of street food bonanza. Ahh wait ...what is Indian street food with out a kick..well i like to call it a KACK I need it extra spicy and with the mix of the coriander and lime this has become my favorite. Waterfalls of flavors hit every corner of my mouth.I have been trying to get them to make the chicken fry in the roll pre-made they laughed at me. Like roll it your self ..but i wanted it done by them so i could add some mix of the other rolls. The staff explained to me that they cannot break the rules. Man the place is ruled with an Iron fistBut main thing i noticed is that the paneer roll is lighter than  Kati Roll Company . and just like Kati Roll Company the price is 10 bucks for two these delectable marvels. I Certainly wished it were cheaper that way i could get three. You need at least two of these things if you want to at least curve that madougal drunken statethey close at 5:00am on the weekendsdoes THELEwala have anything to do with DJ WALE..........hmm the world may never know....
I heart this place for their achari aloo tikki roll (the other rolls are also good, but this one is my favorite!). They also have a loyalty program (buy 9, get 1 free). This is a great place to grab a quick lunch or late night snack.-L.
This is the best Indian roll I've had in the US till now. I had the aloo paneer roll and it was the tastiest thing I've eaten. This place is open till 5am on the weekend. A must go to place
Big fan of the Kathi rolls at this place. They usually add more flavor / sauce than kati roll company across the street but holy shit the chicken phall roll is hot!! I smugly dismissed their warnings of it being hot, confident in my tolerance of spice levels but I have had quite the serving of humble pie since. I've never sprinted to the fridge and grabbed yogurt quicker. You're probably better off avoiding that one item ... Unless you think highly of your own spice tolerance.
This is a recent addition (a couple of years I believe) to plethora of food choices in Greenwich Village. They offer popular Indian street food of rolls with various filling options. Among the choices, the Lamb Roll stands out as the winner! Thelewala Chicken roll is good too.They also offer hot Indian chai that is well made.some of the rolls disappoint tho and hence the 3 stars.
Just literally tried the chicken phal roll, it was so good! Loved it. Went back to get two more!!!! Tastes amazing....across from the street from Kati Roll Co it really does offer major competition!
Seriously fresh and fragrant food that is tasty and prepared per order. So close to NYU campus, it's study fuel. Try it, you won't be disappointed!
They've got some damn good cheapie eats here and they're doing it well.  Tiny spot for some big taste... but hey, Indian food with all it's spices and chutneys rule.  I had the phuchka (which I've always known as pani puri) and the Buhl puri.  Yum yum - give me some more.  I will be back to try their nizami rolls which sound like they could rival the Kati Roll Co.
The best Indian food I've had in NYC. I love their chili panner and the egg roll. It has a refreshing taste that is fresh and full with flavor. I wish the portion size was bigger.
Spent a week in Greenwich Village. Over the course of the week had seamless deliver 6 times from Thelewala! The wraps are incredible. The sweet chicken wrap is the best! I may not be back in NYC for a while, but if I'm there I'll be at Thelewala.
Thelewala Chicken Roll, ftw!TIP: really small joint with only 2-3 bar stools, so make sure to get yours to-go!Friendly staff, service was a bit on the slow side (glad to see my roll was made to order), but the Thelewala Chicken Roll I ordered was pretty good! I asked my roll to be medium spicy, but it wasn't spicy at all.Seems like a great place to grab a snack while bar-hopping on MacDougal.
If you're going to copy someone then at least beat them to their game. Other than the peanut appetizer everything is mediocre. The sad part is that with a little bit of effort, knowledge and skill this place can be spectacular.
Came back here twice the same night! It was that good! The people are real friendly and know how to make authentic street food. The ragda pattice was out of this world. If you can handle spice, have them make it spicy!
This is one of the West Villages best foodie secrets. Thelewala offers Indian food in a fast casual space.  This is not  your average Indian joint.  The food here is fun, unconventional and price friendly.  Must tries are:  Achari Aloo Tikki Roll and the Okra Roll.   I am CRAZY for the Ghughni and the Phuchka.  Food is always served quickly, always fresh and fun.  Its a great before drinks or after drinks spot and although the space is a little small so what we are New Yorkers and this is the experience we chose.  If you want to try something unique and tasty visit Thelewala and Enjoy!!!!!
I frequent thelewala for the pani puri to feed my nostalgia and homesickness but their rolls and bhelpuri are also solid menu items!
As the name says "Thela" dont expect this place to be a spacious one. You are lucky to find a place to sit. You will enjoy the food irrespective of you standing on street munching on their roll or sitting inside this joint. Okra roll, egg roll, paneer rol, bhel ... Almost everything I ate was just amazing. This place is opposite to well known kathi roll company but still makes its own mark. Order was ready in minutes even after multiple customers before us. If you crave Indian brunches or fast foot you should be here. Parking...this is NYC you shouldnt even think about driving. Walk, its healthy ;').
Its good kathi roll, not great. Limited menu. Great for a quick bite or after drinks.They make some fresh so can be a bit of a wait.
Pros-inexpensive food-fast service-great rolls -achari aloo roll and thelewala chicken my fav!-good masala chaiCons-very cramped
I went to the Kati Roll Company across the street first and still think that their kati rolls are better. However, Thelewala has a much better atmosphere and service. The cashiers actually acknowledged my existence and got all my orders out on one plate. I love the chairs and how close they are to eachother. And if you're into looking at yourself while you eat, I suppose that's a plus if you're into that sort of thing. But I'm a self conscious fool so I just face away from the wall. Their kati rolls here are a lot different than Kati Roll Company's. The flavors didn't quite mesh together at first bite for me but the more I kept eating, the better it tasted. I love the lime and chicken in the Thelewala chicken roll. It wasn't too tangy but you know the lime is there. The lamb wasn't too minced here either which was a plus for me. Their aloo roll was really flavorful and their paratha is a bit thicker than Kati Roll Company's so it's perfect for takeout if you don't like soggy paratha. Also, go easy on that masala chai drink. It's really, REALLY hot.EDIT:The Phaal roll is SO SPICY. Be warned. The okra roll wasn't very good. Kind of bland. I thought it'd be filled with bindi masala but it was just roasted okra with some spices on it.
Unsung hero in the world of Kati Rolls! Fresh made to your order. Got to try Chapli Lamb rolls & Thelewala chicken rolls.
Probably the best place in the city for rolls. My favorite is the CHATPATA PANEER ROLL. Service is really quick and you would love the food.
This is my go-to place for lunch, on the days (most days) when I have a desire for an aloo paneer roll and chai tea. It is often crowded, but I don't care. The food is always fast and delicious!
Your mouth will be on fire. There will be strange and new flavors hitting all your tastebuds. Eating here will cause your mouth to think it's celebrating its 21st bday over and over again. I had the chapli roll (lamb) and the bhel poori. The chapli roll was delicious and savory.. while the bhel poori was really nice and tart. I was so impressed with the origins of the puffed rice, but then I found it in a market a few days later... less impressed, but still in love.
At my friend Suzanne's suggestion, eight colleagues and I ordered food from THELEwala. We all ended up getting something different. I personally tried to Bhel Poori and Chapli, and both were really unique -- compared to our average Indian food restaurant in the States, I think. The prices are great, and the food is filling.On top of this, the people working here are amazingly nice. What a great find!
went there all the way from queens because of good reviews... and for pani puri, because it said Indian cart foodWorst pani puri ever in NYCrolls were good...otherwise, nothing to be a fan of
I guess it is a tough competition when you open up a restaurant right across The Kati Roll Company (TKRC) on Bleeker.  However, if you do open -- you want to make sure you have better food to draw customers.The only reason this place got 2 stars is because it has various chaat and paani poori options which are traditional indian snacks for late night meals.As for the Kati Rolls, I tried both the Aloo and Paneer rolls and both of them were very dry.  If you are too drunk, you probably won't notice but the food just wasn't comparable to TKRC.  However, you are in a rush and don't want to stand in line, then be go for Thelewala.
This is a tiny, hole in the wall place. We went here on a Friday night and there was a long line and quite a wait. I was unhappy about that initially but was more than satisfied after trying the food. I had the chatpata paneer roll, gobi roll and the ragada pattice. The rolls were excellent and legit. They tasted like rolls I have had in India. My partner had the thelewala chicken roll and loved it.  The ragada pattice was mushy and unnaturally sweet. In short, this place has excellent rolls. I highly recommend them.
While my chump friends were set on getting greasy Artichoke down the street, I separated from the gang and headed to the Thelewala. I couldn't think of anything more enticing than Indian food at 3:00AM on a rainy day, but they weren't convinced.The chapli roll is stuffed with spiced lamb, fried egg, and onions. While waiting, I was ready to turn the little shop into the club because of the Indian hip-hop/pop music they were playing. Now I'm on a quest to find some of that music for my iPod.After settling my feet from dancing the place to the ground, I shot my eyes at the large kettle and promptly paid for a cup of warm, spicy, and creamy masala chai with milk, perfect warming up from the treacherous rain storm outside.I grabbed the roll to go to join my pals at Artichoke. Every bite forced a moan out of me and made me wish that the roll would never end if I just kept eating.
I don't know.  I just didn't think there was any flavor. If you're not Indian then you may like this place but the food isn't authentic and it tastes dumbed down.
Same deliciousness as Kati roll. Had the quinoa one. Flavorful and fresh. Love the roti wrap. Little uncomfortable to sit but still enjoyed it.
"DAYAAAAAM!  You got knocked the fuggout!"Shiva Natarajan, the owner whose other ventures include Dhaba and Bhojan, has got some huge stones.  He must if he's brazen enough to open shoppe directly across the street from the reigning champ, The Kati Roll Co."Yo, pops be trippin' man.  He want me to ask for my bike back."  I've been a Kati Roll Co. loyalist over five years now, but I'm giving the edge to Thelewala (with respect to its meat offerings).  Whereas the latter appears to painstakingly make its rolls to order, the former is known to have a holding pattern on its chicken, beef and paneer to meet demand during peak hours.  Ironically, Kati's popularity is the root of its demise.  Paying for the resulting inconsistency in freshness has led to many a disappointing end to an otherwise fantastically inebriated night.  And as Big Worm says, "playing with my money is like playing with my emotions."By contrast, the Chicken Roll ($4.50) at Thelewala was juicy on my first go-around as the hormone-free strip was pulled out of the marinade and thrown on the grill to order.  The Chapli Roll (minced lamb, red onions, lime and fried egg - $4.50) stood out as a favorite and the Aloo (tangy potatoes, red onions and coriander - $4.00) was on par with Kati's.  The Lime Paneer Roll ($4.50), however, fell short of expectations - their paneer is crumbled as opposed to the nicely grilled chunks across the street.Instead of opening a few blocks away, Thelewala came onto the scene and went straight Deebo on Kati's ass: "THAT'S MY BIKE, PUNK." Gangsta.
Tried a variety of rolls and unfortunately they were all too spicy for me! I have a decent spice tolerance level, though my reaction to moderately spicy foods is pretty visible (runny eyes and nose). However I really dislike that kind of spiciness that just lasts and lasts in your mouth and makes your throat scratchy. Also, the food here was so spicy that I could actually feel it burning in my esophagus / stomach. However, if you're into that kind of spiciness and want Indian food then you should probably try Thelewala. I have an Indian friend who swears the food here is totally authentic. It just didn't happen to be for me.
Whenever I go to an Indian restaurant I look to see if they have behl puri. Most places don't have it because it's really a snack and not a full meal or entree. So I was super excited to find that this place has it!! It focuses on Indian street or snack food. I love the crispyness with coolness and spicyness mixed together.This place also looks really neat inside in addition to being clean and bright. It has a cool loft thing going on. They made the most use of their limited space. I liked sitting really high up and watching passersby while eating my behl puri. Seating is limited though. It is not good for groups unless you're taking your food to-go.
Clean, fast, fresh, and absolutely delicious kati rolls! Having tried several kati roll places around the city, including Kati Roll company across the street, you can easily tell that the spices and ingredients here are as fresh as it gets. My favorite so far is the lamb one, though the chicken ones that i've tried are almost as mind blowing. They make them to order so there isnt anything premade and its always piping hot and fresh. And not to mention they are realllly cheap. You can get one for as little as $4, though most are about 5-6 bucks. Thats a couple bucks cheaper than Kati Roll company which is about $7 each. I love coming here and i'll definitely be back.
I've had good experiences with the achari aloo tikki roll and the chicken mali roll. The bhel puri was okay -- but I wasn't a fan. Maybe its because I really wanted a samosa chaat and they didn't have that, but it was a let down. Be careful with the portions though - as much as I love the food, I'm always still hungry afterwards.
The menu was pretty awesome, I rarely see pani poori for sale. The food was pretty good, and the service was very friendly. My biggest gripe is how long it took the food to come out. We waited 15 minutes for a roll and the pani poori. I think it would be faster to go right across the street to Kati Roll Company. There is an order ahead online option, but the guy who showed up who had pre-ordered his food still had to wait. I can't afford to devote that much of a lunch break to wait on food. :/
Absolutely Amazing Malai Kati Rolls and Pani Puri ! Can't have enough of this place.. it's a must have anytime I'm in the city.
After seeing a picture of a roll off a Serious Eats blog entry one day, I quickly put Thelewala on top of my to go lunch joints. I ordered the Thelewala Chicken Roll and was asking myself why I hadn't ordered two as I licked my fingers clean. The roll was crispy and delightful! Wrap some tender marinated chicken, onions and fried eggs inbetween and you've got yourself a bombin' lunch! They douse the delicious roll of goodness with spices and lime juice.. but I just wished I knew to ask them to make it a bit spicier..Love how the location is so close to work! Definitely going to come back soon and try everything else on the menu.
I really liked this place. Loved it totally but then I tried Kathi roll and company just across the street. I think I liked Kahi roll and company better but yeah, the smoky gobi roll and chicken malai tikka roll here are unique and awesome. So I have decided  I would have one roll at Kathi roll and the second one at Thelewala or may be 2 at each place( yes, they are that good) whenever I go next. Love love love
