Went here this past Friday night. Was super, super packed but service was quick! I love the music they play here :) My fav rolls are the achari paneer, shami kabab roll, and the chicken tikka roll. The kati rolls taste just like the ones from the street carts in Delhi! A+. My ONLY complaint is that a) I wish they had better ventilation because the kitchen is straight up in your face and it gets very smoky inside the restaurant b) they had a little more seating
AFFORDABILITY: I personally think the tastiest roll is the most affordable, so it worked out well for me. Can get a little bit pricey, but eating two or three rolls plus a drink would be very filling and come out to a good price for Manhattan.VENUE: The restaurant itself is your standard New York eatery. Definitely makes you feel like you are in a more rustic, South Asian place with themed murals on the wall, etc. There is some seating if you want to stay and eat, but it's also super easy to grab some rolls to go.From my experience and observations, the restaurant seemed LGBTQ+ and POC friendly. There was a gender neutral restroom.GENERAL: A group of friends I was with kept saying we had to go here. What is a Kati Roll? In India you'll find Kati Rolls as street food. They are basically flatbread wraps with an egg ("Anda" or spelled at this restaurant "Unda") covering and with various fillings. They are sort of comparable to tacos or burritos. At the Kati Roll Company the egg is not included unless mentioned. All the rolls are made with Paratha (a flatbread cooked with ghee i.e. clarified butter) unless you request Roti (normal flatbread). The former in my opinion is much tastier, but both are great.The service was decently fast. There were a lot of orders coming in so there was a bit of a wait, but definitely couldn't have been more than seven or ten minutes. The parathas were made fresh, which you could watch happening, so that was very cool. I did not try any of the drinks, but the lassis (think milkshakes but made with a yogurt base instead of milk) looked super fresh and they also had chai (Indian tea), among beer and other beverages.THE FOOD: I ordered two rolls: The Aloo Masala Roll and the Chicken Tikka Roll.The Aloo Masala Roll was absolutely delicious. Essentially a roll with potatoes and spices. Reminded me a lot of the type of potatoes you would get ordering a Masala Dosa at an Indian Restaurant. The roll didn't fall apart and the potatoes were spiced just right - honestly I could just keep eating those. The paratha was nice and crispy and I definitely appreciated that. I will be ordering lots of these in the future.The Chicken Tikka Roll was a bit of a disappointment. I am definitely a bit harsher when it comes to critiquing Indian food since I grew up in a household with such great Indian cooking, but I just was not as impressed with this roll as I was with the Aloo Masala Roll. The Chicken Tikka Roll kept falling apart and the chicken itself, although the flavor was evident, was not anything too special. I think the size of the pieces and especially the texture and consistency of the chicken also hurt the overall experience with this roll. Though I did save half the roll for the next morning and it did still taste flavorful for breakfast.ACCOMODATIONS: Has several excellent vegetarian options. Also very cool how you have the option between Paratha and Roti for your bread. I'm sure you could request some other changes if needed.OVERALL: Definitely do recommend checking this place out! Two to three rolls are affordable, and I strongly recommend making at least one of them an Aloo Masala Roll! I do plan to come back soon!Check out my review on my blog here: ananteater.wordpress.com…
This place used to be my go-to place, but it disappointed me so much that I feel compelled to write this review. I ordered through seamless and they never confirmed that they received it. After thirty minutes passed, I had to call five times till they finally picked up. The person said they had no idea where the delivery person is. When I asked how long I had to wait for the delivery as a result of that, the person said I don't know. COME ON! Is this how you responded to customer request? Don't you have to check your own staff/contractor? After I pressed them on an estimated time, there was a long silence AND they simply HUNG UP!!!! This is UNBELIEVABLE! What's worse?  They confirmed through the seamless portal five min after they hung up on me. Are you this afraid to talk to your customers when you treat them like dirt? I feel sad to let this place  drop to the bottom of my restaurant list. I WILL NOT order or visit place again in the future and I will make sure all my friends know this place  deserves the ZERO star because of their customer service, not even their exotic food can make up for their horrible attitude and service. There are many better places out there and watch out for your competitors if you wanna survive on your current customer service standard.
In town for work and wanted something easy and relatively healthy to take back to my room. Great Yelp reviews, so I came by. Service was speedy and polite, which is always great. But the food! These little wraps are sooooo good. About half of the menu is vegetarian-friendly, but I have to tell you that the spiced lamb with lentils was un-freaking-believable. A perfect quick grab meal!
Well if you are craving for something Indian and done wanna go for the usual curry , try the TKRC. My personal favourite is achari aloo ( pickled potatoes ) with mango lassi! Being a veggie this is my to go place when I m near Bryant park !!
I was looking for a quick dinner in the area and remembered that I had the Kati Roll Company so I decided to give it a try. My boyfriend and I shared the unda chicken roll and unda shami roll. The chicken was great. It had a nice flavor and the meat was tender/perfectly cooked. The shami (lamb?) was a bit dry and gamey. Both of the rolls were laden with grease. So while they are on the smaller side, after you eat one, your stomach will be so bogged down with oil that you won't even want another. I also got the mango lassi, which for the small bottle, was not worth the price tag. You're better off getting a soda. At least the bubbles in it might help cut some of the grease. Glad I tried this place because now I won't have to come back.
The Kati Roll company was a great surprise.  A co-worker who is from Mumbai told me about the place, and came with me.  I had the goat roll, and it was extremely tender and flavorful.  I will definitely be back on my next visit.
Not much optionsFood is just okFalafels there made me sick...i started getting hiccupsTrust me i am a foodie and i never get hiccups after eating from any place
I love their concept, they have short and precise menu and yummy chai as well. Its popular amongst the locals so my friends decided to take us over.We ordered 5 different varieties which included the mix veggies, paneer, unda aalu and chicken. Apart from the veggie kati roll (which was stuffed with a Bengali style cutlet) others were disappointing. It lacked the balance of flavor. The chicken one was over cooked, dry and hardly had any chutney inside.So much so for the great expectations!May be it was an off day for them but consistency is what matters in this business.
I really like this concept of Indian food. We came here during off time so it wasn't crowded and the service was fast.We got 4 rolls, chicken tikka, beef tikka, shrimp masala and sweet potatoes. They were all delicious but I like sweet potatoes and shrimp most.The only thing we didn't like was the music was pretty loud.Overall it's a good spot for a quick meal.
Love going to Kathi Roll Co. At anytime of thr day or night to get some comfort food fast. Love all their rolls, especially the paneer roll, egg chicken roll, chicken tikka roll and Channa roll. They are open late on weekends so perfect for a quick bite after a night if partying and walking around the City. Sort of a hole in the wall with basic seating, but for a quick cheap satisfying bite, it works. They also have beer, juice soda and lassi (flavored smoothies). Always reliable for a delicious quick meal!
Decent rolls for a decent price. They have vegetarian options which is good. Depending on the time you go, it can get packed especially during the night. Came here twice, first time the rolls were good. Second time it was too oily. Would be returning though whenever I'm by the area. Definitly like the ambience of the place, plus food is halal.
This place was awesome. The roll are super flavorful and inexpensive. They are perfect for eating on the go or grab a seat and enjoy inside.
This is a place worth trying if you're in the area. Each role is made fresh to order. Very reasonably priced at $5.50 Each. The place is small with limited seating, but you will find yourself seated if you wait long enough. There is a quick line to order, but you will have to wait 10-20 minutes to get your order made. I love the achari paneer roll, it's always been my go to when I'm in town. The rolls are usually little bit dry and could use more sauce/chutney but overall it's consistent in taste!!Only reason I gave 3 stars is because of the wait time, small seating area and slow service!!
We had the paneer roll, chana roll and the chicken roll and all were worth a try. Loved the organic mango lassi here. Had the Sholay like ambience which I thought was interesting!
The hype has been too real for this place. I finally got time to try it out and people have been raving about how good it is for years...tbh it was whatever. The line was SO long and took nearly 30 mins to get our food. The menu is good but it's just some chicken/aloo/paneer/whatever you get rolled up in an oily roti. The prices aren't too bad but I won't go out of my way to come back. If I'm in the area, I'm down but I'm a tad bit disappointed :/
(This applies to all their locations in Manhattan - timings may vary)Indian style flatbread filled with grilled/tandooried/fried fillings - Kathi roll manages to execute this simple concept really well. Whether I am looking for a quick lunch, quickish dinner or some after-booze filler food, this place never fails to deliver. My favorites rotate amongst the Anda-aloo, Achari Paneer and Vegetable rolls. Of course, with extra chilli mix on the side ;).Do try the Masala tea while you wait for the food. The various lassis are pretty good too. If in a rush, I use the app to order on the way there to reduce wait time.
This review is for the Chicken Tikka Roll. I was on my lunch break and decided to run in and grab something really quick. My guess is that paratha comes standard since I did not specify which wrap I wanted. I didn't think there was anything special about the roll and the flavors/spices did not stand out to me. I was slightly disappointed with my food since I see that they are highly rated and was honestly expecting a slightly larger portion. I will come back to try something else since I will frequent the area.
You better order ahead if you're coming for lunch on a weekday. There are couple ways to order either via phone or online but don't dare to walk in and expect to be fed within 30 mins. Overall food is delicious and super quick. It's sure to hit the spicy spot in you.
4.5 rating.Loved the texture of the paratha, the fact that it is Bengali owned and most of all, the Kati rolls itself. (Well, most of them). I've been to the midtown east location near 59th street before and it was significantly smaller. This location is a bit more spacious and the service seemed to be quick. My coworkers and I ordered for pickup and the food was ready within ten minutes, maybe it was our lucky day and we happened to order after rush hour but I've heard it gets super busy in there.I ordered a beef tikka roll along with the unda aloo. I've tried the popular chicken tikka but thought the beef tikka was far more superior in taste. The paratha is delicious and the beef tikka along with the onions is amazing! The beef is very tender and the roll is great to eat on the go. Don't leave it out for too long though because the meat can get tough, as meat tends to get if it sits out for too long. As for the unda aloo, not my favorite. It wasn't bad but it lacked flavor for my south Asian tongue. It's basically mashed potatoes sandwiched between an omelette and the paratha roll. If you are Bengali, you know the mashed potato to be familiar because it's pretty much aloo bortha.. but Americanized because the spice isn't there. Not bad. Only significant downfall is that the prices are just way too much! Each roll ranges from $4-7$ and it's not filling unless you buy two, and then the small sauces are .25 cents each which is ridiculous to me. Not only that, the small lassis which have intriguing flavor options like mango and mishti doi, a popular Bengali dessert, one cup of it should not be $5! And I'm not exaggerating when I say it's one cup. You would have to see the size of the bottle to believe me. With the tasty rolls made in the Kati Roll Company, I would love to come back but the only thing that would stop me from coming here often is the price.
Had to order another #4. It was so yummy so get 2 from the get-go. Awesome manager Scott!! Full of life and so inspiring! #4 and #7 my favorite!! Smaller wraps so get 2, cheaper..try their chai tea.. Full of flavor and it's only $2! You will see me soon Kati roll! I will be back for sure!
First time at this place today for lunch. Fast and efficient ordering, more than friendly personalities at the counter, and prompt prep of our food order.  Very tasty rolls prepared in an India style cuisine.  Worth the trip will go back!
This place is so dank. Had the #9. Spicy but perfection. Order came incredibly fast. The dough was sooo good too and the seasoning was on point. I would definitely come back here. Portion sizes are perfect. Recommend getting 2. Also super cheap
A very good NYC version of Avatar's Punjab Burrito in Mill Valley, CA; my first ever Indian 'burrito' from almost 15 yrs ago. Clean taste with great natural flavors. Will definitely be a repeat stop.
Amazing spot and super affordable, ordered a few to start and got more!Would always hit this up when I visit NYC
I LOVEEE this place! I would recommend everything but the achari paneer, because they can never get the paneer cooked throughly. The pieces are too big and he told me to touch the ones he had under the heat lamp because they were hot but what he couldn't understand was that if he cut it in half, the core was COLD!  Four times, I went back and they gave me one cold paneer roll after another until I just left. I wouldn't recommend the unda shami roll either, it's really mushy and lacks texture. It is almost like eating baby food. The lassis are good too, if you're into their seasonal flavors. Must stop place for anyone that enjoys fast Indian food.
Fantastic appearance. Only regret is that u can't take enough rolls home as they lose their taste when reheated. I love the beef rolls especially. They definitely need to open in more places
Last time I came here there was a 20 min wait in line but this place serves good Kati Rolls so the line makes sense. The bread is addicting (i think it's paratha but not sure), it's not quite spicy but has enough kick to enjoy. Great place to go if your looking for a cheap bite.
Prices have jumped significantly since I first started coming here years ago. Average price of a roll hovers around $5. Oh and they also recently raised the prices of the mango lassis....which is now at a pricey $4.75 for a very small bottle. Not cool man.
WOW! Only $5 for a roll!? If the line wasn't literally 30 minutes long I'd come here for lunch everyday. I'm getting hungry just sitting here typing about it but the food is great and the price can't be beat. I had the classic chicken one to start but am hitting up the lamb next time. You will be tasting this for hours though, just a heads up. So much flavor (Good and bad depending on whether or not it's a work day)!
This place is now like a NYC institution for me, haha! I end up coming here pretty much with every NYC trip.love the quirky decor - old Bollywood classic movie posters.The place gets very very busy sometimes, so come prepared to stand in line. This also means they do absolutely no phone orders during their busy times, which kinda sucks. I love their egg and potato rolls the best. The chicken is pretty legit too - just enough spice and big juicy pieces of chicken. My sister liked their paneer roll, not as much as Masala Times though. Kudos to the team running this place though - they keep lines moving fast and focus on consistent good food. Oh my tip for you - try not to be the asshole who customizes the crap out of each of the 7 rolls you ordered ( looking at you, guy in front of me today). You will hold up the line and impatient/ hungry/ reasonable/eye rolling desi people like me will wanna whoop your desi ass! And of course given the busy kitchen, they are likely to miss one of the million nuances you asked in your order -and then you will hold up the delivery process - so suck it up, and just eat that extra bit of onion that found its way into your chicken roll.As always, expect me back on my next trip!
Always a great choice post drinking or even any time during the day. I love the chicken tikka or unda rolls. Fiancé loves the paneer. Can't go wrong with either. Quick service. This location is much bigger than the west village spot. With more seating and a bathroom.
this is such a hipster spot with actual good food! i got the chicken tikka masala and paneer roll and it did not disappoint! their ideas and creative names sold me from the minute i stepped in! the food was very reasonable, and seemed like a nice place to grab a quick bite! i definiltey needed to get atleast 2-3 rolls to fill me up. Definitely worth the trip!
Yes, Kati roll hits the spot. But, huge but, every single price starts from 5$ and 50 Cent! every single drink starts from 4 to 5 bucks, and to tell you the truth I'm not rich and if you're in a hurry definitely not the spot for you because I waited 25 minutes to get one roll just because I want to try it! and the food wasn't bad but the service is BAD
One of the best places to get Kathi Rolls. Being a vegetarian, chana masala is the best. Achaari Paneer could be better, more flavorful. Would like a paneer tikka masala option as well. But definitely try chana masala, if you eat spicy ask them to make it spicy and you'll love it.
5 stars for the best fast-ish ethnic food!After a long & fun first night in NY, we woke up hungry and a bit sad for sleeping through Sunday brunch. We wanted something delish, quickish, and close to our friends staying in Times Square. All Yelp signs pointed to Kati Roll, thankfully!The flavors are so authentic & the prices/portions are perfect too. Our group sampled the whole menu, and the unanimous favorite was the Aloo Masala Roll - great texture & spice. We really liked the service and ambiance too. It's the perfect spot for good food without dropping crazy $$$ and time.**TIP** Definitely indulge in their Chai - it's amazing!
I thought the 2 vege rolls I got, one was spicy potato and the other with cheese (paneer) were pretty good. I liked that the wraps were toasted and the they were made fresh with prompt service.
First Looking at the interior, I thought the place is dirty but then realized that it's the design itself. Based on the reviews I was expecting wait time.Surprisingly we did not have any!!Ordered undo chicken roll.Too good.will definitely try again.If you are too hungry go for 2 rolls. its the Indian version of burrito with less quality compared to the chipotle burritos. Nevertheless you will be filled by the end of second roll!!
Horrible experience. Long line...which is good for them. But the person taking orders is busy answering questions of other workers, and getting side tracked from just taking and completing the order. Ordering took forever. We were told "you'll get your food in under 5 mins". Alot more than that went by. People who ordered after us got their food. Went to go check on ours, and they hadnt even made it!!!! Told us it would be 5 mins again. Someone ahead of us ordered and were charged for tea they didn't have available to serve.  The food quality of food has gone down. Sloppy.
The rolls here are really amazing!! We ordered andaa aloo roll, paneer roll and aloo masala roll and everything was made just perfect. The bread was fresh. Love the size also. You can try different varieties of rolls. Good place to have a quick bite
Ahhh kati rolls! Missed these since I left NYC and sadly I haven't found these in any other cities.  I still think the ones at Briyani cart at the SW corner of 46th and 6th are better and one of my favorite foods in world (literally) to eat, but these aren't bad especially since it was a bitter 11 degrees out and wasn't making it uptown.Arrived just as they were opening and had my favorite chicken tikka roll. I always end up ordering the same ones - partly because I stick to my favorites and partly because I forget the new ones I try.  This time I decided to get one familiar favorite (san egg) and to try a vegetarian roll as well (Unda Aloo).  Man, I had really missed kati rolls!  The chicken was tender and juicy, full of flavorful spices with crunchy red onion slices.  The wraps here are a little less greasy than Briyani cart and offer more choices compared, but sometimes simpler can be better (ordering at Briyani cart only requires specifying either chicken, lamb, vegetarian filling and then any other requests (eg extra spicy, no tomatoes etc).Although I prefer the uptown street cart, Kati Roll company offers a good substitute and a welcomed return to this NYC treat!
Get ready for your tastebuds to explode with happiness! They really got the Kati roll down to a science. It's filling and satisfying. Basically it's like Indian comfort food. Prepare to be absolutely full after one or two... but I bet you could have more than that. Our friends brought us here the first time and ever since we have been obsessed!
Sad to say they took out the combos at this location. You can no longer buy two at once for a cheaper price. Over all i like this place, i enjoy how spacious it is and runs smoothly. However, the kati rolls are not that filling and i spent almost $14 for two and one soda.
Yummy, quick, different, and affordable. Lots of interesting options. We tried the unda aloo, achari paneer, mixed veggie, and shami kabab. My favorite was the one w farmer's cheese (achari paneer) and then the mixed veggie which has beets, peanuts, and raisins. My husband really liked the lamb (shami kabab). Def recommend!
Really not sure about the super high reviews. I think there are better Kati Rolls found even at food carts and you get 2 for 6 or something at a lot of those.Aloo Masala Roll: Spicy mashed potato with Tomatoes and green peppers 4.50Not exactly spicy and not much tomato/green pepper. Potato flavor was OK. Onion had a good bite. Food was actually cool but for well for a reason.So I paid and was waiting a while. The next guy paid and then he asked what the hold up was. It turned out both of our rolls were just lying there after being filled. The woman in back then slightly gruffly put my roll on a plate and his rolls in a bag. The food ended up being cold as was the attitude.The cashier was nice but i wouldn't go back.2.3.
Kati RollNY Manhattan Midtown West1am Sunday 18th November 2014Four StarsI usually crave mexican food at 1am after leaving the bars but NYC doesn't have any decent places. My brother's vegetarian friend David suggested Indian Burritos. Kati Roll is open to 5am. We ordered some chicken tikka and Chana masala. They promptly rolled some buttery Indian flat bread with spiced chicken or chickpeas and red onions. This was delicious ten dollar drunken people food.
For starters, I really like Kati Roll Company for their rustic ambiance and the food. But is it just me or anyone think that the rolls have gone thinner? I ordered a mixed veggie roll and anda roll with the usual parathas. Not the Roti roll. The taste is still consistent and not too spicy, but the rolls seem got thinner. Probably will stop by for a snack but not for a meal.
What can I say....First I wish there was one right outside my apt! the taste of these rolls are amazing! If you are visiting nyc or live here please try if you haven't. The chicken tikka and the paneer Kati rolls are my favorite! Make sure you ask for a green chutney on the side for dipping.
This was very similar to a place I visited in the west coast 10 years ago. The concept is dead on and the food quite good. I wish it were a little cheaper (I wanted to eat three rolls). I definitely suggest the chicken over the beef and do get with egg.
Super yummy. Got the Unda Chicken Tikka Roll and a mango lassi. Both were delicious. The paratha tortilla was moist and chewy. I've had similar Indian burritos but the paratha always tends to be dry. Please expand to Chicago, we would happily welcome you!
This is a casual take out (minimal dining) Indian fast food place.  The roll is very inexpensive (at least for NY), between $4.50 - $7 per roll, they are a bit on the small size, so for a regular meal, you would want to order 2 rolls.I had the UNDA SHAMI ROLL, it was so so salty.  Chicken Tikka roll was good.  We also ordered UNDA rolls for the kids.Although, one good thing about this place, I would say over 90% patrons are Indians, so you know this is an authentic place.
Found this gem while on the area and definitely will come back. The food was very tasty and the classic bread was delicious! I ordered the chicken tikka roll and the shami kabab roll, while my girlfriend tried the unda chicken roll. We both were extremely satisfied with our orders. The bread was so soft, and the chicken and lamb were outstanding. I was very impressed with the experience.Extra bonuses were the short wait time for our food and the reasonable pricing.
Overpriced. Get over yourself, Kati Roll- you're just an Indian burrito. So many comparable imitators out there that I'm done with blowing my wallet on this place.
We are on a 4 day trip to New York and we have already been to this place twice! Chana masala roll, Aloo roll and Achari paneer are delicious.**Ask them to make the aloo roll and Achari paneer rolls extra spicy if you enjoy the regular Indian spicy level.You can choose if you would like the filling wrapped in Roti or Paratha.They serve chai and mango lassi too. I liked both.The service is quick even though it was very crowded on the weekend.It is pretty walkable from Times Square - approx a 10min walk.The ambience reminded me of a dhaba- there are posters of old Hindi movies on it walls.Considering the size of the roll I think it's a little pricey but overall yum yum yum!!
Mediocre. Nothing special for me.  Yelp is making me write more. Hopefully this is enough
Tried the Unda Beef Roll, Chicken Tikka Roll, and Mango Lassi.  Really hip dining space. All the rolls were delicious with plenty of flavor.  Mango Lasso was also very good and organic too!  Not sure where the price point is on this, because one roll is to little and two might be a bit heavy.  If you get two of the same, it's a better value, but variety is the spice of life.   In this case, coriander and cumin are the spice of life!  I would come back just to try out all the other rolls.
Please, for the love of god open a spot in Minneapolis!This place was awesome, I was in NYC for work and came across the Kati Roll company and had to try it for lunch. The line was out the door, the wait after ordering was a bit long, but totally worth it.Indian food wrapped in naan so you can eat on the go, how can that not be good?I love this place, again OPEN ONE BY ME!
Food was delicious and reasonably priced. My first time coming here and I was surprised at how busy they were. Thats always a good sign. I had a chicken tikka roll and I wish I would have gotten another one. This shop is quaint and plays good music. Definitely a cute date night spot or a place just to hang out with friends.
I was visibly NYC so on the go, this wasn't bad. It didn't meet my expectations (a lot of people hyped it up for me). Everything did taste good nonetheless - only issue was service of actually receiving was slightly now. Other than, if you're looking for a quick bite on the go, stop here!
Followed a co-worker to Kati Roll for lunch today. I've had friends visit NYC and tell me this is a must-eat, but have yet to treat my less-adventurous self. So happy I finally did! Not a fan of spicy food, I opted for the mildy spicy veggie roll. What a treat! For someone unfamiliar, a Kati roll is kind of like an Indian burrito(?). I've been eating a ton of sushi burritos this summer, so this felt like a different, richly flavored version of a hand-held lunch. Wish I had ordered two! Filling as a snack, and 2 rolls would make it a meal.
It was okay. My husband enjoyed his Chicken and paneer rolls. My beef roll was super dry and the meat was even crunchy in some areas. Guess that's what I get for ordering beef at an Indian place hahaha! I don't think it's worth all the hype. The line was massive but they moved through pretty quick.
Fantastic food and price. Simple menu selection makes it easy to know what you want to eat. Loved it!
Great spot for lunch! I've been here a few times and order the chicken tikka role and the unda chicken roll that comes with an egg. I would suggest ordering 2 rolls because 1 feels more like snack.
The food is great. I had the special at the time which was kosha mangsho which is a definite must! Chicken tikka was alright. The beef and shaami were also good. Mango lassi was excellent. Overall above average but def just something for snacking on if you are exploring the city. Could be a lot cleaner however especially the bathrooms.
Growing up in India, I was a huge fan of kati rolls, so I'm thrilled to see them take off here in the US. Unfortunately, most rolls you get here don't come close to the real deal. Kati rolls are *not* gyros with parathas instead of pita (hear that, random midtown restarurants)?That's why the Kati Roll Company was such a revelation for me - the rolls are as authentic as they can get. The parathas are light and flaky, the meat is beautifully marinated and barbequed and the spices are just right - not bland, not overwhelming and not indiscrimately mixed in. The only (minor) drawbacks are that the rolls can sometimes be a little dry, especially at off-hours, and the beef rolls are extremely inconsistent, ranging from tender, fresh and delicious one day to charred, dry and leathery the next.Still, minor issues aside, these are easily the best kati rolls I've had outside India. It's no wonder theere's always a line waiting to order. Kudos!And they're on UberEats now, so I can feed my kati cravings without getting off my couch. What  a time to be alive.
Yumm stuff. Would have liked a little chutney with my roll, but awesome food. My shammi kabab roll with mishti doi lassi was awesome! Def recommended. Was very tempted to get another roll. Reminded me of lucknowi kababs :)
Had one achari paneer roll and one chicken Tikka roll. The paratha they use is soft and delicious. Unfortunately they didn't have any masala Chai left. The seating is a bit awkward and cramped but this is a good spot to grab a quick bite and then maybe head somewhere else for more food because 1 Kati roll isn't enough.
*****BEWARE OF BUGS!! RECOMMENDING ORDERING TO GO AND GETTING THE HELL OUT OF HERE*****I love the food here- but I had to post a second review warning customers and ESPECIALLY management about the bug infestation at this location. My friends and I came straight to Kati Roll from our work & home (which have absolutely no bug problems), ordered our favorite Kati rolls and ate in the back by the bathroom. Within 10-15 minutes of eating my friend (who wore long jeans) had a myriad of hot, huge, itchy welts on her legs and I had an enormous bug bite on my arm. When I went back home my boyfriend immediately had me store my outfit in the freezer! When I searched within reviews for "bug," "rash," and "itchy," I was shocked and slightly relieved to discover 3+ more customers who complained of the exact same problem! There is an infestation of bugs, perhaps bed bugs/spiders, that live in the wooden furniture. Gross!!!!BE CAREFUL AND DO NOT STAY AND EAT HERE!!
I finally got around to getting here, yay! I got #11, lamb kabob. It was really tasty! The flavoring is great, though the roti seemed to be really oily and not super great. Meat was really good though. At $5.99, it's a bit pricey for the amount of food you get; one per meal is definitely not enough, and the prices definitely add up if you get multiple ones! But, very delicious, definitely recommend. It's near Bryant Park, so there's really no reason not to come try this place out!
My favorite rolls in the World!!!! I can eat this everyday ... and the price is good!!
Best rolls in NYC . Love the egg chicken roll. Good for the price as well !Yay, I am a fan of this place.
Love this place for a quick lunch to-go. Not much seating, and get here early if you have afternoon meetings. They handle the lunch rush well, but the wait can still be 15+ minutes.I typically get two rolls, the Chicken Tikka and the Shrimp Masala, both of which have great flavor and the right amount of spice for my average american tolerance.
Really great! Here you can eat Indian food into wraps. Amazing concept, great taste. A must try!
Amaaaazing! We were looking for a late night snack and stumbled upon this place. Boy! Ain't we happy we did. This place sells Indian wraps with different   fillings. We tried chicken, tiger shrimp and goat- they were all delicious! The shrimp was extremely flavorful - definitely a culinary delight! Their size is definitely on the smaller side but the price reflects it, ranging from $5 to $7 each. Oh, and the entire place is filled with Indians so you know it's legit!
I Visit very often , food is very good, I wouldn't say best but it has something that makes me feel okay lets try Kati roll when I'm around this place...but I don't like their restroom or tables.. very unclean.
This is a great grab-and-go spot. I recommend getting two if you're looking for more than a lite-bite. The veggie roll is my favorite - so flavorful. Don't plan on a seat - I've gone a random times and still have trouble finding seating. There are always families hanging out.
Decent place for a quick bite.  Their chana masala roll is the best.  Did not like the chai much.
I really wanted to like this place after hearing/ reading all the reviews. I order the shrimp roti, veggie roti, and chicken salad.The shrimp roti was the best out of the 3. It was SODIUM OVER KILL. I was so disappointed, I really wanted to love this place. All Roti's was very oily, the staff was great and friendly. Service is good- I would give this place another try.
If Starlight or one of my other, larger kittens get a hold of a roll from this shop, then they will - in no time at all - before you even notice that they have it in their paws - turn a Kati Roll Company into a Catty Roll Company. I don't mean that the roll will make snarky remarks. I mean that it will have fur all over it, and kitten slobber. But then there are worse things in this world. Such as: Lawyers. Politicians. And when Leon dies at the end of Leon.The homosexual references in today's 9 reviews are dedicated to today's wonderful and long-overdue US Supreme Court Decision to make Gay Marriage legal in all States.What to get: Chicken Tikka RollWhat else: You're in New York. Keep a hold of your wallet tightly and turn homosexual for a night (or hetero, if you're already homo) (bisexuals may remain as is)If your name is Jake from State Farm, then you may want to skip this place, and instead, get lunch at "Khaki Roll Company."I'd like to thank Kashif for telling me about Kati Roll Company and their rival Thelewala. In both cases, he was right. I'd also like to thank him for having a much bigger p***s than he initially told me. It was the kind of "big surprise" that I've been dreaming of since I was a little boy.If you want Indian food in the USA, New York City is the place to go. You have the wonderful authentic spots in Jackson Heights, and delicious British-style curries at Seva and Hyderabadi, as well as the best dosa you'll ever have at Ganesh Temple - all of the aforementioned are in Queens - and then in Manhattan, you have the wondrous Biryani Cart with its orgasmic Chicken Tikka dish. But there's another Indian specialty served in NYC that may just rock your world: and they are Kati Rolls.If you took my advice and turned gay-for-a-day then you may wish to rename it "Campy Roll Company", but only if you're doing the effeminate thing. Which you may do anyway regardless of orientation. Nobody does that better than I do, sister (flips hair).The best places to get Kati Rolls are either Thelewala on McDougal Street... or "Kati Roll Company" itself. KRC has 3 current locations, and I've tried all of them. This one was my first ever "Kati Roll" and it is located close to Times Square, yet it doesn't really have Midtown prices. It's very competitive when it comes to cost. It's a skinny little place that can get really crowded, but it's clean and welcoming and friendly and there's usually a place to sit.If you're a Golfer, then you may prefer "Caddy Roll Company."Kati Rolls originate in Calcutta, aka Kolkata, which is a city named after the brutal hitman-of-a-kitten I have named Harley (he's a Cold-Kitten), and here on Womanhattan Island, eating at Kati Roll is very affordable, and can be a "Costcutta" if you're running low on dough. Speaking of dough, let me tell you about Paratha.If you order peaches here, and realize they taste like they're from a tin, then you may want to rename the place "Canny Roll Company."A Kati Roll is a delicious, squidgy, slightly charred, dreamy "Paratha Bread" wrap. I don't usually like wraps in general, but when the bread is this heavenly and the fillings are this spectacular, I make exceptions. I've tried the shrimp and a few others, but the Chicken Tikka Roll is by far my favourite. The chicken is so sauteed and spiced and juicy and delicious. All of the bits and pieces they shove in there (I love when they shove them in there) are just divine. The concoction is a winner. Let's just say there's a reason why Kati Rolls started popping up all over the city. They're incredible.If a Taxi Driver advises you to eat here, then you can call it "Cabbie Roll Company."So if you visit NYC from any given place of origin, and you've never tried a Kati (aka Kathi) Roll, and aren't sure what Paratha Bread is - like I wasn't, just a few months ago - then do the right thing, come here and give it a try. This is my fave location of Kati Roll, because the service is nice, they don't have the Hipster attitude that McDougal St has, and the product is juicy and perfect. They'll get you out of there fast (and so will I, if you only rent me for half an hour).And if the guys here are really mean to you then you might call it "C*nty Roll Company" but that would probably make the place significantly less popular.Kati Roll Company is one of the hidden gems of Manhattan Island. Indian Fast Food, delicious, and done right. Speaking of done right, if you'd like to get done right, message me.
This is the first place in NY to serve the novel concept of a kati roll.  The taste of the food here is good.  The price is expensive for the amount of food served. I don't each much, but one skinny $6 kati roll isn't enough to fill me up. It isn't a sandwich, more like 1/2 a sandwich. For $12 I could get a thai lunch special or a large salad which will last me more than 1 meal.The service in this location is terribly slow.  I mean you wait 10-15 mins for a simple order. This place also isn't very clean. The kati roll is partially wrapped in paper and placed directly on a metal shelf for pickup.  Some of the bread touches the shelf, which doesn't look like it's cleaned too often.
Chicken unda roll is amazinggg.  The others are pretty dry. :(
The fact that it's only in New York and London, this place is a must! After tasting a Kati Roll for the first time, I couldn't stop talking about it! They're basically an Indian burrito. I've had the Achari Paneer, Unda Aloo, Unda Chicken and Shami Kabab. Depending on what you're craving they are all delicious! It comes with the Paratha bread unless specified. If you've ever been to Flat Top, Paratha is very similar to the bread they serve there. Flakey and buttery, so much goodness! The restaurant setting is similar that of a fast food one and the prices are reasonable. For a chicken and lamb roll it cost me $11. I always have to come here at least once when I stay in NY!!
Such a great place. Fast service, reasonable price, and delicious good are all in one place. Have tried the Shrimp Masala roll, Chicken Tikka roll and Unda Chicken Roll. They are all delicious. Unda (egg) rolls are better than ones without. Kitchen is right behind the cashier, and you can see how the food is prep.
Great little joint with solid food.  I will say that I am no expert on this type of food, but the amount I got and the quality was waaay better than I even expected with the strong reviews out here.  Loved the Chana and the Shrimp Masala rolls.  VERY quickly made and ready for my takeout, although I noted that I could have eaten in.Cannot think of a negative at this point.
Average Indian food. Decent enough for a quick midtown lunch spot. But it's never quick, the lines are inexplicably long.
Please please visit this place if you are in need of late night food. This totally hits the spot. The rolls are perfectly sized and priced - around $6 for a single roll which is about the size of a taco bell buritto. Rotis are thick and a bit oily - which is perfect for that late night snack. The veggie roll was my favorite out of the 3 veggie options (the chana one has an OVERLOAD of chickpeas, and the paneer one was good but was a bit flavorless). 5 stars to the gentleman working up front - super nice, who called me "miss" instead of "ma'am", and who was working til 6am! The decor had half torn off Indian posters & Hindi writings on the wall, and they were playing a few of my favorite Bollywood hits. I wish I could give this place 3 stars because honestly, the place is disgusting. The bathroom was filthy, there was trash all over the small area which they have seating, and the trash can was full. IMO - get this to go and eat outside. I ate inside and I felt a bit disgusted. But, it deserves 4 because it gets the job done.
Cheap, fast, clean and tasty! Cant be beat for no frills value and fun! Simple menu, get two rolls if you are hungry. The salad was surprisingly awesome as well.
These are pretty delicious but, as you may know, fairly heavy and filling.  +1 for them being on uber eats (eats-chrisk3043 = $10 off your first order).
This Kati roll is terrible. Their rolls were cold and way too over priced. I get its NYC but it's a little ridiculous. They charge you $1 for getting a small tiny container of 1 chopped up chili. The Kati roll in New Brunswick has a deal and I thought they used to- if you buy two rolls it was cheaper. Now they don't. Like I said, food isn't great.
DO NOT eat here - spent the last 12 hours with FOOD POISONING after eating the chicken ticka roll. Place is filthy and clearly doesn't practice high food safety standards :(. Get the word out - hope they get inspected soon and prevent others from getting sick.Long time Yelp reader but I've never written a review. Felt so compelled because of the terrible past 12 hours .
I know someone who is obsessed with Kati Roll. Like if they're depressed or having a shitty day, having a chicken kati roll (AKA Chicken Tikka Roll) with extra everything (onions, a chimichurri-like sauce, and whatever else they put in there) will turn their frown upside down. It was this Kati Roll- obsessed individual who introduced me to Kati Roll and I have to say it is tasty AF so I can see where his obsession is coming from. In fact, it has all the things I would want in a dish-- it's vinegary, spicy, and surprisingly comforting especially when the paratha is warm and slightly buttery though I don't think there's any butter on it. It's Indian comfort food- if I say so myself. Now, I'm no Indian food expert; in fact, Indian fare is normally not my first (or second or third) choice but I thoroughly enjoy Kati Roll. Except that one time when the aforementioned Kati Roll fan asked for the rolls EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA spicy and in a drunk stupor I started crying because it burned so badly I couldn't eat it. All other times, slightly drunk or not, it has been great. This location has much more seating than their smaller, MacDougal street sister near NYU and I enjoy the aesthetics of this spot more BUT both serve equally good fare! Now be prepared, one may not be enough. The rolls are quite small-- and quite expensive at $5 a roll but if you're looking for a change in your average late-night pizza craving or boring lunch, go for it!
If you like spicy, if you like quick, if you like roti, go for it ! This is the place where you can not stop eating just one Kathi role. I tried few varieties and then few and then packed some to cover for my late night spice adventure.
The Foood is sooo good.Although I wish they were a little bigger and there was a lil more selection of drinks. But its still really good. The place is cute. Though, It can get packed.
I've been here several times. Always busy and food is usually good. Today I bought two chicken tikka rolls after waiting in a long line. Had to wait for another 15/20 min to get my order. The only reason I got my order was bc after skipping to everyone that ordered after me, I inquired about my order and they made it right away. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I feel for them because the place is understaffed for the traffic. When I finally ate, I noticed at the tail end of my second roll that the chicken was uncooked - clear pink. Not surprising considering how quickly they are trying to turn around these rolls. Overall pretty disappointed from a place I used to love. Will not be going back and hoping I don't get food poisoning....
This is the first place I tried a kati roll and I was definitely impressed. I want to venture out and find more varieties of them now.If you're super hungry grab two. One definitely won't fill you up unless you're just looking for a snack.Overall, this is basically an Indian version of a burrito with less fillings. Somewhere between a taco and a burrito I'd say.
This food is amazing!! I'm so hooked!!! I can understand why they got a B grade but the food is so good and so affordable, you don't even care!!
Very good and inexpensive place to eat around Bryant park area.  It's a charming place decorated in Indian theme, yellow-orange stucco alike wall with interesting posters.  Seating is somewhat limited, the back is good for a big group up to 10 people.We ordered the lamb and chicken roll.  I love the lamb, very flavorful. The chicken is a little dry, but still good.  2 rolls may sound not that much, but I was stuffed at the end and couldn't finish the 2nd half of the roll.  We also ordered the mango lassi, the best smoothie drink in town.  Rich in mango.  Priced at almost $5 for a small bottle, but definitely worth it.
Not worth the money. I was really excited to try this and was so disappointed. First, the chicken tikka masala was better than the achari paneer kati roll. The latter came with green peppers in it, but was absolutely flavorless; the chicken tikka one at least had some sauce and onions. I got both on paratha and TBH the frozen paratha you can find in stores was tastier than these. I needed salt, pepper, sauce, anything! to add to my roll.. and there was nothing available (still blows my mind how you can't have salt and pepper). I think my disappointment in lack of condiments persuaded the worker there to gift me a otherwise 0.75 cilantro sauce container, so that was really nice! He wanted my experience to be a good one, I could tell, so here's 2 and not 1 stars.  Masala chai wasn't anything remarkable either.
4.5 stars really.Long time customer going back almost 10 years. Have tried both locations.Food: simple menu, various Kati rolls. Can't go wrong with the aloo unda or unda chicken. They also have a few other options including beef and lamb which are also tasty. The rolls can be a bit greasy so be prepared for what can be a bit of a messy meal. Rolls are medium sized and most people will do fine ordering 2 rolls if hungry. Ambience: minimalist. A few seats but they're not really encouraging dining in given the bulk of their business is take out. Friendly staff every time I've been.Price: 5-7 dollars per roll roughlyThis place is a late night staple and now that I don't live near the city anymore it's always on my priority list whenever I get into town. Definitely worth a visit!
NYC location have 4 staff members on the counter and no one knows how to clean bathroom. Worst and dirtiest bath in nyc
Came here last night for a quick dinner w a friend after reading various reviews!I ordered the shrimp roll with a side of chutney (must have regardless of the .25 added) without onions! It was very tasty, the dough is amazing! Definitely not food to have on a first date or anything because it is quite messy. I wasn't incredibly hungry so one roll was enough for me.My friend ordered two of the chicken tikka which she liked and only at one of and brought the rest home.Unfortunately I have to remove a few stars for the abysmal service. The lady at the counter taking orders had no idea what was going on and forgot to give me my receipt. My friend ordered a chai tea which they also forgot and the man handing out orders was cursing at everyone.
I have eaten here before but this time I decided to try their Chicken Tikka roll in a Roti. Let me tell you that was a bad idea. It is not the fresh roti they use. They use the frozen roti's and it tasted bad. Will not recommend anyone to try their kati rolls in a roti!
I really want to give it a four star but forgive me I can't let my emotion over my rational mind.First, the vibe there was great with interesting wall paper but it looked a little dirty to me(some may think that it's nostalgia) Space inside was just ok. Not too big but there were about 10-12 tables for 2 person. It's self-serve but they do provide many tables which is a plus. Service was ok as it's mostly for take out so I didn't expect that much.Second, food was good. I had the chicken wrap(forgot the name) and my friends had the other chicken wrap but the only different was with egg and without egg. I don't know if they made a mistake or what but they both tasted the same only with the different of egg. At first I thought it's served hot but then when I ate it, it's just room temperature warm. They probably need more workers for giving the food. I could see those wraps were all ready but no one gave them away as there was only one woman working there in the front. $5-7 for oneLast, their mango lassi was the best! I would like to try the other berry lassi but I didn't have room for it. $5 for one.
I seriously love this place! The paratha (flatbread) they use for the rolls is so rich and delicious. I've tried the chicken tikka one, which was great. I also like the achari paneer roll, which is basically a farmer style cheese (kinda like queso blanco) in pickled spices. Great medley of Indian flavors. The seating is limited, but it's such a quick bite that people are in and out pretty fast. You might wanna order two to three rolls to feel satisfied.  It's also halal, which is convenient if you're Muslim. I prefer Kati Roll over Masala Times, which is similar.
Took a 2 year hiatus from the location in the village and went back ready for a new impression at this location.30 minutes from order to roll placement in my hands. Between 7-10 customers were served that ordered 10+ minutes after me. No explanation, no apology (which I wasn't expecting after the cashier threw my change back at me after ordering). Was hoping the terrible customer service and production would be worth it once I got the sweet and supple roll to my lips....ugh burnt chicken assaulted my tongue and scorched my throat. Also, a bit pricey for what you are getting. I'M MAD BUT I AIN'T STRESSED!
I was really excited about trying this place, I'm sad that I was disappointed.  I had the chicken tikka and unda chicken rolls.  One roll is not enough but 2 is too much so I gave away half of one.  Between the two of us, we agreed that the chicken was too dry and salty.  The roti was too oily and........meh.  I happened to have ripped off the top half of the unda chicken for my friend.  Turns out, that's where all the egg was!!  It didn't even look like it because there were just strands of it sticking out but there were hardly any in my half.  I may still come back here for the vegetarian options but chicken is off the table for me.
Was not bad, but not great either. I got the chicken tikka, which i felt was kinda dry. No sauce comes with it, maybe I need to get some chutney next time to make it less dry. Otherwise the flavor is decent and had a good kick to it.
Remembered this joint from when I came to NYC about 4 years ago. Was on my list to eat at when I went again a couple of weeks ago. When I Yelped, multiple locations showed up - so I'm assuming everyone has been sharing the love! It's open till late so it's a perfect bite after walking around the city forever. They have 6 or 7 tables so if you don't want to wait for people to leave, I would suggest taking it to-go. They were out of 4 of their rolls which was a disappointment. The paneer roll was slightly on the drier side but the the flavor was on point. I wanted a lassi to ease the spices and help the rolls go down but they were out of that as well. People kept coming in and ordering and leaving with their food. They had an open kitchen behind the counter and it was a quite a sight with a lot of people trying to hammer out dozens of rolls. Would definitely go back and hoping that they have all their menu items in stock!!
It's one of my favorite chains to visit when in need of a quick meal on a budget. Also, I don't know what they do to their red onions but it is crack. They're crack onions. The 39th St. location always has seating when I'm there around 6-7pm.
This place is over-rated.I am a big kati roll fan but I was a little disappointed by this place. I am used to kati roll from carts (Briyani Cart at 46th and 6th!). Firstly, their rolls are priced at $10-$14 for 2 rolls where as it is $6 for 2 rolls at the carts! Although their ingredients may be more fresh, it lacked the oily goodness of kati rolls. The atmosphere is however very cool and would be the main reason why I would return.
The Unda Beef Roll was delicious, Unda Chicken is also a must and the person at the register was very helpful, kind and made me good suggestion.I would give 4 or 5 stars, but the way they give you your order is a freaking mess. They have to yell your order's last 3 digits and nobody listens to it because it gets noisy when is full.To the owners: Install a 3-Digit Take A Number Display (amzn.com/B00PYX6K9S) and make everybody's life easier. NO MORE YELLING!
A gem of a place for Indian fast food. The Kati rolls are well made and tempered with the right amount of Indian masalas and spices. If the stuffing inside the role was served as a side by itself I am sure that would make an excellent entree by itself. Average person would need 2 rolls to fill up.Priced around 5-6$ per roll. The lassi that people talk about is good as well. I wouldnt say its mindblowing but just good. The real deal is the Kati roll. go for it and you wouldnt be disappointed for sure.
This place made my Sunday perfect.  For what it is, it is perfect.  Meaning it's a small Indian-burritto place located right next to Bryant Park that makes delicious Mango Lassi's that are made daily and bottled daily so you can take them on the go.  So if you want an amazing sit down lunch with lots of space and natural light and amazingly attentive service- don't come here.My roommate and I came in.  I ordered the #4 & #5 + a Mango Lassi to go.  My roommate ordered two #7's.  We took those $5 burritos out to Bryant park after just getting our library cards (It's official, we are New Yorkers!) and read Neil Gaiman short stories out in the sun.  For what a simple day in the sun with some Indian burritos, mango fresh drinks, and the Empire State Building peeking just over the other sky scrapers is, it was perfect.Bryant Park's a favorite of mine - so I think I'll be returning to this place quite often for some more perfect sunbathing, easy eating, mango drinking days.Burritos are a bit small for $5 - but they are fast, delicious, and just what the heart needs on those early afternoons in NYC.
This place is not where you wanna go for great customer service. That doesn't matter here. This is the place that you wanna go to get some great food. And then come back again for more great food.
#26 This must be one of the best places to go after drinking a couple of drinks, I went with a large group of friends, to have a Indian snack over here, they have very cheap prices, and a good select in the menu. I ate 2 Tikka Roll: The Chicken Tikka Roll: Is a Grilled chicken cubes with marinated in yoghurt and spices. Beef Tikka Roll: Is a Grilled beef cubes with marinated overnight in yogurt and spices.Both Roll, were very good and taste little spicy, but not that much, is good for me. I enjoy it very much; this was my first time eating Tikka Roll, but it not going to be the last one.
Kathi rolls here are always made consistently delicious and fresh. The staff is so friendly and attentive even during the super busy lunch hour. Lunch lines are very long however they move fast and you'll get your order within 10-15 mins which is amazing taking into account the long lines. Their meat is all halal as well which is great. The only issue I have and the reason I won't give it 5 stars is the pricing. It's definitely too expensive for a roll that's not really filling if you only order one. Each roll is about $5-$7. If it was a little cheaper I would be eating here a lot more often than just once in awhile as I am now.
What is a Kati Roll?The outer bread is paratha, a flakier and buttery cousin of naan.  The inside is just Indian-spiced filling -- they offer many types of curries and protein inside!The food is good albeit overpriced.  The line, though long, moves along -- not incredibly quickly, but not at a snail's pace.  I wasn't very happy with the orange blossom lassi I picked up, which tasted overly sweet and not as floral as I expected, so it was kind of like orange juice/yogurt.  One roll and a lassi was about $11, which I would consider an average lunch in Manhattan, but I was still hungry afterward!I really wanted to like it!  I've been wanting to try it for 3-4 years, since I first heard about it in undergrad, but it just didn't live up to the hype, since I can buy frozen paratha (Southeast Asian or South Asian grocery stores) and make this stuff so easily at home.Overall, I wouldn't come back on my own, but if a friend wanted to try it, I wouldn't say no and I would stick to the rolls.
Always hectic in there, never know where the line is but those Kati rolls are worth it. Love the music in there and the artwork on the walls. Order ahead if you can, sometimes they say they're too busy to take phone orders.
Little hole in the wall place I've always wanted to try. Limited seating and we pretty much got kicked out by another customer (in true aggressive NY style!). No lingering folks! So grab your rolls and go to the nearest park- at least you can eat in peace. That said, the rolls were pretty authentic- reminiscent of the street rolls I ate in Calcutta, India. Juicy chicken tikka or lamb kebabs wrapped in buttery parathas with caramelized onion and cilantro chutney garnish. Recommend the chicken tikka rolls. The lamb shish kebab was dry- even though I requested extra chutney. The decor is cute and kitschy.
Love love love Kati rolls. Try the Unda Aloo or the rolls with shrimp. Mango lassi is a must for dessert. This a great spot for late night snacks or for a quick lunch during tribe day during rush hour when the lines are long everywhere else call in for an order and pickup. They usually want a cc over the phone now but definitely worth it to avoid the lines. Will continue to go back.
Really like the flavor of the Indian kati rolls. I get so tired of the bland food served by so many of these sorts of places.Not cheap as one has to order two rolls otherwise you'll be hungry. It's good to get there early at lunchtime -- line starts getting long very quickly.My favorite rolls are Chicken Tikka and Shami Kabab.
It was packed on New Year's day.  I guess that made it feel more special and the crowd got me hyped.  What I got was indian food in a burrito style packing.  The size, however, was very small.  I love indian food and I am a big fan of spices.  However, Kati Roll just didn't do it for me.  Call me cheap, but I can think of other spots better, cheaper, and tastier.  It was worth a try and it was good, but not amazing.  It's just not a spot where I would frequent even if I am close by.
Kati Roll is the best! If you're not familiar with it - it's basically an indian burrito - a paratha filled with different things - paneer, chicken or chicken with eggs, potatoes, and all have onions, chilies and green sauce! My favorite is the potato followed by the paneer but the green sauce is the best (you can buy an extra one for 25 cents) !Too bad they got rid of their deal - buy two and save 50 cents.  It wasn't a big savings but a great excuse to buy two instead of one! :)   This particular location is bigger than the original Mcdougal location and a little more cleaner.
I visited this location after a very long time. The tikka chicken i ordered was burnt but the reason for this review starts with Monique, and it ends with Monique. I was greeted with laugh and smile, she made sure i was attended while waiting in line, and others too, which means naturally awesome. what else i need after a tough and rough day. Thank you for making it memorable experience Monique. I will come back to enjoy your amazing service.
visited for the first time...ordered veg n nonveg rolls..both were good...place needs to be more clean....overall good experience !!
This place reminds me of my homeland! I haven't been to Pakistan in a decade but I'm sure this is the quality of what I could get there! The classic roll here is made of a bread that is a cross between a paratha and a puri (Pakistanis will know what I mean!) I think I've had all the different rolls: chicken (possibly my favorite) shrimp, aloo masala, shami kabob, and paneer.Service is quick. One roll is just a snack but 2-2 1/2 can be a meal.
This place is great for an on-the-go lunch. It's the only portable, easy to eat food around. BUT the spices and flavor are very tamed and commercial tasting. I wish they made it more authentic. Also there can be a very long wait in their small space during lunch. You're standing shoulder to shoulder waiting on your food while people eat at the tables.
I've only been once so far, but definitely plan to go back.  I got the Chicken Tikka Roll and it's perfect!  A little spicy, perfect ratio of chicken to onion, and the chicken is deliciously marinated and perfectly cooked.  It sounds like I'm overselling this even to myself, but for my palate at least I wouldn't change a thing.  The default bread for this roll (maybe all?) is paratha, which can get a bit greasy, but you can substitute that for roti.  I don't mind a little bit of grease/oil and was pleasantly surprised that it didn't taste oily, my hands didn't get greasy and it didn't soak through the paper after sitting in it for 10-15 minutes. I was pretty hungry but only ordered one anyway and it filled me up enough to get through the last couple of hours of the day, though I did grab a small snack at the office.  If I'm this hungry again I'd probably order two.  One roll came out to about $5.50 with the tax included, so I'd say it's a fair price, especially for the area.I didn't go during peak hours so I didn't have to wait long before I was on my way.  The space isn't huge (but also isn't teeny tiny) and I can see how it could take a while when they are really busy, but that's why I enjoy taking my lunch breaks later in the day.Bonus points for the friendly lady taking and filling our orders.  If you like Indian flavors and are in the area, I highly recommend!  And it's great that they're halal and have good looking vegetarian options so I can take almost anyone there with me.  I planned to take a picture but after the first bite it disappeared quicker than I could get get my phone out.
There are mixed reviews for this place. I thought this would be something different than usual Indian restaurant food. As I approached this place there were bags full of trash right at the entrance. Then the place was overcrowded. Seeing so many people stand in line and going crazy my impression was it would be worth to wait. I had to wait for 60 mins, no exaggeration. I understand it was a busy hour, but then they should put a restriction on number of orders to maimtain service and quality standards. There is no seating, no restroom. I brought a mango lassi just to kill the time, it was ok. Then finally had my aloo masala roll. The outer paratha was undercooked, i had to find masala in between mashed potatoes. Tip: avoid the place if you are in hurry, there are so many indian options around. I regret I missed them over this place.
A little fast food joint that sells Kati rolls. Super flavorful and delicious. I got the unda roll, which had eggs and nicely seasoned veggies, the unda aloo roll, which had eggs, potatoes, and veggies, and my favorite, the achari paneer, which had cheese and veggies. You get a choice of paratha or roti. Quick service, yummy food, cool atmosphere.
Heard the hype for years but just now finally got a chance to try it out. Went to the location near Bryant Park and it wasn't too packed. Got an aloo masala roll and a chicken tikka roll. Both were okay, nothing outstanding by any means. Food came out quickly and it was relatively cheap, so it does have that going for it. Checked it off of my list of places to try here in the city, but not sure I'll be back.
As a casual fast food treat, this place is definitely top notch food. The line was quite long but moved quickly and we managed to score a table to enjoy a couple of delicious rolls. The rolls are basically really good indian "burritos" made from excellent indian food wrapped in substantial paratha's (a thick "tortilla-like" flat bred but more flaky and moist.  Fusion at it's best. I only wished I'd noticed the little sign that says "two for dinner, one for snack" before I ordered. Next time, I'll take them to go and walk a block to Bryant Park. Great late night stop!
Heard about this place from a friend so we decided to go on our weekend stay at Manhattan.Well worth the walk to Kati Roll from our time square hotel. We tried the chicken tikka roll , Aloo tiki roll ( potato roll ) , mixed vegetable roll and shammi kebab roll . They were all good , but loved the chicken tikka roll .The place has a shabby look with faded out Indian film posters , but I think it is intentional to give the Indian dhabba look.Definitely worth eating there if you are in Manhattan .
Lapin and I came here for lunch one day. He raves on and on about this place. As soon as I mention "Indian food" his eyes widen and he yells "Kati Roll". While, they do sell Indian food, the place mostly specializes in "on the go street food rolls". We ordered the Chicken Tikka and the Chicken Unda roll. Each roll has a nice blend of spices and ample chicken. The only thing I didn't like is that the Chicken Unda had a bit too many onions. That roll should come with a breath mint cause my cubicle mate could have smelled my breath over the walls after consuming that roll.  The roti rolls are a decent size but a bit expensive (it is a bit cheaper if you buy two of the same rolls). One satiates you but you would need at least two rolls to feel full.I would visit again but wouldn't go out of my way to try it again.
The food is awesome. Awesome. I cannot wait to get to these wraps again. In a nutshell, it's a down low spot, in midtown (two in midtown, actually, and one downtown, I think), that sells wraps (Indian style).but it's just not that simple. I swear these will fight depression.Sure, it's crowded, small, and a long wait, but well worth it. Look no further then the hungry people lined up outside before the place even opens, only to form a hungrier line inside when it does. If that's not an indication of how good the food is, then consider this: the food is really as awesome as I say it is. And I'm really saying it is because it really is. Go.
Always love visiting this place when I'm in New York. My personal favorite is the chana masala roll which has a very unique and flavorful taste. Not a very big fan of the drinks which are packaged bottles or microwaved hot drinks.Other than that, a great place for a quick bite. Expect crowds during weekday peak hours too. Also, while you're there - do check out the interesting posters in the unisex loo. They represent the Indian adult entertainment industry!
Amazing kathi rolls ...must try!Not a place for sit down lunch/dinner coz due small size of restaurantroom for improvement- place looks dirty
Growing up India I enjoyed every street food that we had .kati roll brings back all the good memories I spent there .i had the Chana roll and my bf , aloo roll .the chutney which costs 50cents is a must to dip the rolls in .i even enjoyed the masala chai which was flavorful as well .the interior has posters of really old indian movies I grew up watching specially deewar :)can't wait to try the others on the menu .
I'm Bengali so I feel like my mom can make most of this food at home, but if you aren't from the Indian subcontinent, i think this is a good place for some desi food at affordable prices in Manhattan. Key words: in Manhattan. If you're in Queens, you could get the same thing at Kabab King at Jackson Heights for about $2. I got the potato and the chicken tikka roll, which were both very flavorful. It was kind of small so it wasn't very filling (that's why I got 2). I'm just not going back because I can buy the same thing for cheaper in Queens/make it at home. But I guess if you are around the area and are craving some sort of snack, this would be a good place to stop and eat.
We've toured the entire country now and like all desis we craved yummy Indian food every 4-5 days...Btw the greasy Indian gravies that all taste the same is not we want.This is the best indian street food iv had outside of India!An awesome place for vegetarians..had to go in for 2nds!!!Try the masala chai n achari paneer or potato roll!!
The chicken tikka roll is delicious. These rolls are a little on the smaller side but the flavor makes up for it.
I was shopping in midtown and starving, I wanted a quick bite  so I could get on with burning up my credit card, The Kati Roll Company to the rescue! Three of us split the chicken tikka, chana masala and aloo masala rolls. I got a side of chutney for 25 cents and it was worth the extra quarter. It was fresh, tasty and fast.  Luckily we scored a table so we could share the rolls but if I was by myself it definitely would be grab and go.
Tastes good tried paneer, chicken and mutton.. all were good except mutton would skip next time otherwise rolls are authentic and genuinely kathi roll wish the roti had a little less oil...low on spice level...need to ask to spice up if you regularly eat little or more spicy as they originally come mild
A very inexpensive and tasty meal in Manhattan that is very unique.  I tried three different rolls and all were really good.  The quality was excellent and the service was good too.  It's very hard to beat for the price and they are open until 11pm.  I look forward to eating there again the next time I am in the area.
This branch was busy, rude and not tasty! They served me burnt Unda Beef Roll!!! ( picture uploaded on my FB page) When informed, the lady at the counter refused to follow me to my table or and take my word for it. I was asked infront of 2 dozen customers ( very loudly) to bring the roll back to the counter!! This was such a contrast from the pleasant service & yummy rolls we got last night at their other smaller branch.Iam not going back to this branch again!!
Was steered here for a quick bite by my South Asian girlfriend who claimed that I had lived far too long to not have sank my teeth in a Kati roll, India's answer to the street taco. As is the case more often than I'd like to admit, she was absolutely right.I ordered the chicken tikka and the minced lamb rolls. The chicken tikka was divine; the chicken was juicy and perfectly seasoned. It was sheathed in paratha bread that was so soft and delicate, I would have gladly devoured it without the meat filling. The minced lamb, on the other hand, was somewhat disappointing. When I first bit into it, I thought I had been given the wrong item. But when I took a second look at the menu, I saw that what I thought had been minced lamb was actually "minced lamb & chickpea." The chickpea really should get top billing; the lamb is virtually indistinguishable. Fortunately, it too was wrapped in the perfectly executed paratha, which made this proud falafel hater a one-time-only fan of ground chickpea.   This place is a classic hole-in-the-wall. The décor is nonexistent, the seating is plywoodesque, the cooks are visible and raucous, and there's no such thing as natural light. But you don't come here for ambiance, you come for the rolls. And the rolls are entirely delicious.
One of the best Indian food option available near Times Square. The Aloo chat and Channa masala Kati were good. The Panner kati is bit dry and not that good. The mango lassi is really good. You need to pay extra for chutney. They also serve beer. Finding a place to sit inside on weekends may be difficult. Also you can ignore the rude cashier as they get frustrated sometimes because of some annoying customers.
This place has been an all time favorite. The place is small and if the time is right the service is quick too. For vegetarian options - try out the Chana Masala and they make it really well. The panner one is good too but dry to eat. Do not forget to mention to add some spice and they do it really well.
I've been to Kati roll several times and it's usually ok. But today it was quite mediocre. I had the shrimp masala roll, shami ands roll and chicken unda roll. The shrimp masala roll was very very bland and hardly had any masala. The other two rolls were ok. The worst part about Kati Roll company is that they charge extra for green chutney. And that's absolutely ridiculous considering their prices and that they hardly put any masala in their rolls, they should provide extra chutney if needed. It's like McDonalds asking you to pay for tomato ketchup! Can you even imagine that?
I found this dope place on Yelp and just had to drag 2 of my fellow food lover coworkers.These are the reasons why this was the most badass hour of my day:A) Crazy cool interior, low ceilings, old comic ads ripping from brick walls. Talk about edge? Also the bathroom. Even if you don't have to go, just go anyway. Who would know to find a gem like this in basic Midtown Manhattan.B) Long ass line but food came super quick. Friendly staff. Even gave me some free sauce ;)C) Chana roll, paneer roll YUM. They're vegetarian :)If you haven't been here before, ur missing out on a life-changing experience.
I loved the interior of this place (the art that surrounds you while you're eating). But the food was very meh/mediocre. I wasn't blown away by it (had the chicken tikka roll) and it really wasn't that good. It lacked flavor besides the excess amount of saltiness. Also, 2 rolls isn't that filling. I don't think I'd ever come back for the food.
I can't visit NYC (or London for that matter) without a stop at the Kati Roll company.  I love the rolls and all the combinations they have to offer.  The inside of the space is always covered in vintage Bollywood Movie posters with the heroes of days past.  Most Kati Roll Company spaces are brightly colored on the verge of gaudy, but that's where the charm comes from.  The menu isn't overly extensive, which makes it easy for a new-comer to choose what they want.  The food can be spicy, so beware.  When ordering, you go up to the cash-wrap, place your order and wait for them to call your number.  No muss. No fuss. I feel like the rolls have gotten smaller over the years (I have been a fan of the KRC for the last ten years).  Perhaps overhead costs are getting the best of them, but it makes me feel better that if you order two of the same rolls, they will be at a discount.  Let's be honest, it's not difficult to eat two rolls here :).My favorites are the Chicken Tikka Roll - "Hands down, the Chicken Tikka roll is KRC"s most popular roll. Made with antibiotic and hormone free, halal chicken, the Chicken Tikka Roll is part of our original menu."I am also a huge fan of the Unda (egg) Beef Roll - "Add in an egg to our classic Beef Tikka roll, and you are on your way to a very satisfying roll full of protein and bold flavors. Your mouth and belly will thank you!"You can't go wrong with either!Hey Kati Roll Company, if you read this, please set-up shop in Chicago.  PLEASE!!!!!
Just incredible, possibly the best Indian food  "taco" I've ever had. I tried the chicken, egg, and beef rolls, and they were all tasty (chicken was spicier than the others). The beef was possibly my favorite, so tender. And the "tortilla" was just delicious. Only drawback is that this is a very small place with few tables. The line moves decently fast during lunch rush, but be warned that it does get long.
Kati roll is a Great idea. I love Indian food and this bite-size snack is great for just taking things to go. The restaurant is really small so it's ideal to take your food to go. Pricing is somewhat cheap but also not exactly cheap cheap either. If you love Indian food give this a try.
Finally writing a review for this place!! One of my favs... Friend from Cali loves this place too, so we went for dinner while she was visiting. The chicken/beef chunks seem to have gotten bigger, they could be smaller but love the unda rolls. They also sell sides of the green chutney now, yay!
Good place for a quick bite. You get all kinds of Rolls and "Masala Chai" :). Food is good, and location is great for someone touring NYC and doesn't want to spend much time in a restaurant. Seating is limited, and there is a always a que.But at the end you get a Rolls and chai, that too affordable.
The best way I could explain this to a newcomer would be an Indian burrito of sorts. An incredibly delicious Indian burrito. Was very satisfying during a late night outing while I was in NY. Don't hesitate to try it for a quick, cheap bite to eat!
Great concept of serving Indian food in rolls. I like the ambiance of the place and rustic decor.Plus one star for a nice vegan selection. Minus one star for modest roll size and being expensive.Noticed flies.#6 beet salad roll tasted good.If you are in the are in the area and need a quick veggie snack check out this place.
I think this place is over rated. Last week I've visited this place based on a friend's suggestion and I honestly believe the food is not that great. It is more Americanized and there is no flavor to the rolls.I tried the same Kati rolls in the food cart near Wall St and Broadway street the previous day and it is way better than the Kati Roll Company. The Street Food is cheaper too and it is for obvious reasons. I would recommend trying the street foods if you can.
Do NOT go here. Dirty, smelly and food is horrible. No management oversight whatsoever. We threw out all the rolls we bought. Would never recommend this place to anyone. Minus minus 1 star.
The line was long and it took almost 30 minutes to get a place to sit so plan ahead and if you have a large group, plan for takeout. The food tasted delicious... I got the Unda aloo Kathi roll and the Unda Chiken tikka Kaathi roll. 4 stars for the Aloo and 3.5 stars for the chicken. I didn't get to try the Achari paneer roll this time; I've heard it's the most popular. I will definitely be coming back here but will plan better :)
If you need quick pick me up, this is the place you come! They move through customers quickly and all of the menu items are good. I highly recommend the aloo masala and the paneer masala. One thing many don't know is that you can ask for all of the rolls to be on roti, which is healthier than parantha. I just wish there was more seating!
If you haven't heard of Kati Roll and you are a  fan of indian food, you may have been living in a bubble. The first time I went to NYC this year, everyone told me I HAD to go to Kati Roll Company. I literally went a few hours before my flight and was in LOVE. Kati Roll is indian fast food - a cute little store (I've only been to the one near times square) with a handful of tables. Their rolls are amazing. The first time I went, I got 2 of the paneer rolls and had a bite of a chicken tikka roll. LOVED the paneer roll.The second time I went (about a month ago) I got paneer rolls to eat there and, by special request from my momma, got a chick pea roll and a mixed veggie roll for my parents (I was flying home a few house later). I introduced my friends to Kati Roll and they were super impressed and craved them a few days later when we talked on the phone. The people behind the counter were SUPER friendly and helpful (we were also looking for recommendations on quick pizza places around the area before we headed to the airport). Honestly, I wasn't the biggest fan of the Chick pea or veggie one (tried them when my parents had them later that night). the paneer is still my favorite. But, I will say I was super impressed that they all stayed fresh and did not get super soggy after a 6 hour trip home!! I am definitely a fan and plan on visiting Kati Roll every time I visit NYC. Maybe I will try the other locations- some of these review say other locations taste better and since I think this location is wonderful, maybe I'm missing out on something even greater!!!?
Decent Kati roll in the price however somewhere bland in flavor .... mango lassi is delicious... must visit
These are the guys who introduced me to Kati Rolls, which you can really only get in a few US cities. These ones are good and better than most others I've had. The place is not bad at all - not cheap but what can you say when there's not many other places in the country (let alone the city, actually) making these?
Simple, filling, and delicious. Anything stuffed inside a roll, especially if the roll is an Indian flatbread is worth getting in my book. Put an egg on it and enough said. The rolls are on the small side, so get more than one. It's hard to get seating here, but people finish the kati rolls fast, so you can probably get a table if you wait.Aloo Masala - I asked for no onions, but it came with so much raw onion. The mashed potato tastes great in a paratha, but could not taste any of the tomatoes or peppers. Could also be a little more spicy.Unda Aloo - Similar to the Aloo Masala, except with an egg on top.Mixed Veggie - This was an interesting combination of sweet and spicy. Couldn't really taste the peanuts or raisins, but still a good roll to try.Unda Chicken -  I tried the Chicken Roll when it was cold and it was still very flavorful.
I have been wanting to try Kati Roll for a long time and finally did for lunch today. I ordered a Beef and Chicken Tikka Roll with a bottle of water. The rolls were so superbly, mouthwatering delicious. I think one was just enough for me. I can't wait to try the other rolls on the menu. Definitely a great lunch spot and affordable =)
I loved how quick and easy it was eat here. The menu is simple which makes ordering easy. It is also very well priced. I ordered a vegan roll and it was delicious! It had chickpeas and wonderful flavors. It was really close to Times Square which was nice to have something cheap and unique close to touristy places. I would definitely go again!
AWESOME find in Midtown for a quick meal! The rolls are simple and fulfilling. I got the Chicken Tikka Masala and Achari Paneer rolls - the paneer was my favorite! We were lucky to have gotten in for an early dinner otherwise I read that they do get busy during peak meal hours. We got our food within 5 minutes of ordering and I can see this being a future lunch spot for me on days when I'm in a rush.
These people take a 7.50 delivery fee and expect you to tip the uber guy, then they arrive two hours after you place the order! I don't care how good the food is. This is ridiculous.
I Love Kati Rolls! They are full of flavor and reasonably priced.  I normally go to the midtown location but was in the village today so I checked out the MacDougal St. location. While this location is considerably smaller, the delightful flavor of my beloved Shrimp Masala Roll did not waver.  I wish they would open a location in Brooklyn within walking distance of Barclays: Prospect Heights, Ft. Green, Park Slope
Love this place. I come to NYC pretty frequently for work and it's super convenient when I come into town. It's quick. I like the flavors and the spices comma and you can get a roll over for a snack or a few of them for a full meal. It always has a line, but it goes pretty quick. But I have yet to try the lasso, but if it's anything like the rolls, I'm sure it's amazing. I encourage you to make this your go to instead of choosing some other chain. The owner of the restaurant has a pretty cool backstory to. He used to be a nightclub owner for decades. Very cool guy. Be sure to say hi if you run into him too
Really awesome food here. This was actually where I first had a Kati Roll and not their original location down in the West Village. There are lots of different rolls to choose from, but I'm particularly fond of their unda aloo (potato and egg) and achari paneer (Indian farmer's cheese) rolls. Greasy and wonderfully tasty.I've only been here for dinner, but I can imagine that it must get super crowded and busy for lunch. It always seems to take quite awhile for the food to be prepared, so be wary of that. Other than that, I'm quite a fan of this chain and I would highly recommend it to everybody.
Still amazing. Just get it spicy. Try the achaari paneer and unda chicken. I have become a regular now. I tried their masala tea too. Really good.
Came here by request of a friend. I was delighted to see the prices. It's really affordable for its location. The wraps itself were good but lacked in originality if you were to have more than one. I suggest you only have one. I tried their in house chai, and it tasted just average. I don't recommend it.What I do recommend though is their lassi! It tastes good and fresh. Just how lassi is supposed to taste like. 3.5 star.
Disclaimer: I'm not Indian. That being said, I've eaten my fair share of Indian food. These rolls are a delicious cheap alternative to some of the upscale places around the area. I got the unda aloo and chicken tikka, they were both tasty but i liked the unda aloo better. I also would like to see a bit more spice - nothing knocked my socks off in the spice category and my friends agreed.
Maybe it's because I'm South Asian and I eat this stuff on a regular basis, because I was really not that impressed by the Chicken Tikka Roll.For one, it's definitely overpriced as I'm pretty sure my mother can make about 10 of these for the price of 1 roll here. I also paid 25 cents for the chutney which I found absurd because that usually comes free in several Indian restaurants. Second of all, we waited over 10 minutes for two rolls to come out. For a fast food restaurant, the food should not take this long to prepare, especially something as simple as a roll.Besides that, the roll itself wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best thing I ever had. I think I'll stick to homemade Kati Rolls :)
I really don't get all the rave about this place, I think the one on mcdougal is average at best! We got the chicken tikka and the paneer Kai rolls both of which were super dried out with the roll dying for some extra chutney but wait that'll cost you extra 25cents. Bottom line is that I would not come here again for less than average Kati rolls.But definitely check out the Kati rolls from the Biryani cart on 36street amazing tender chicken and many different blends of chutneys! Or check out thelewala on mcdougal
I had seen many reviews for this place and thought that I would try it out for at least takeout.  It seemed like the interior wasn't that conducive to eating there as well.  I tried a couple different rolls, the chicken tikka and beef tikka had lots of flavor and were very delicious.  They were the right level of spiciness and the yogurt sauce was a good compliment.
Butter soaked bread (in the best way) and lots of flavor inside. You must try the veggie roll. I'm sure it's no one's first choice when there are meat and potato options, but trust me on this! It doesn't taste like vegetables at all. There's the usually spiciness we all know and love, but there's also a hint of sweetness. It's my new go-to.
Stopped in for lunch and got..1) Paneer Roll - I forgot to ask for it with the wheat roll. Paneer was ok. But not much to the wrap. Just bread, paneer and a lot of red onions. I wish they had some sauces on the side you add to the wraps to give it some flavor. Or would have a wrap that mixed protein with veggies instead of one or the other. 2) Salad - I liked the salad. Much better than the roll. Their 12 ingredients include: carrot, corn, garbanzo beans, raisins, mango, almonds, cucumber, tomato, sesame seeds, green pepper, and onion.. I think this is all of them.. Really good flavor. They also had three salad dressings. I got Tamarind. 3) Chai Tea - just ok. Thin tasting. Reminded me of a cross between chai and earl grey. The place doesn't take AMEX which isn't too big of deal for most people, but a little inconvenient for me. I would give this place a 3 on food, but the staff was so genuinely chipper and nice, I am giving a 4. Mostly out of good staff and good environment.
Terrible flavorless food and chutney. The chutney is watered so much, you might as well fill your fish tank with it. The rolls were cold and so was the filling. The filling was completely flavorless. As an Indian from India, there are way way way way better places out there. A complete rip off. Do NOT go here.
My go-to-place for lunch. This simple store offers a variety of kati rolls to go, some wrapped with beaten eggs, others potato, shrimp, or chicken. It's an easy, inexpensive lunch. Quick to order, pick up, and no need for utensils.
It's a hidden gemDidn't know about this placeThe katti rolls here are the bestWe tried the chicken tikka roll, achari paneer and masala aloo rollsAll of them were really goodAnd, the good part is they also serve beer like blumoon, stella and kingfisher for only $4.50/ bottle If the staffs were more friendlier they would deserve a 5 star
$5 credit with PayPal!Of all the places I've had kati rolls, KRC is still my favorite.  Maybe it's the fact that the portions, while they are not huge, they don't gross me out after I've finished it, whereas other places have kati rolls that are the size of burritos and by the time I'm done with it, I never want Indian potatoes ever again.It's usually about $10 for two rolls - they have a 2 for special where its like what, 50 cents cheaper to buy two of the same kind of roll.I don't really prefer the rolls with the egg (Unda) - like them plain!  My favorites are the aloo (potato) and the beef tikka - though sometimes the beef can be a bit on the dry side.  I've tried the lamb and chicken as well - also tasty.  They are quite hefty on the onions in your roll, so if you don't like onions, I'd suggest you tell them to hold back.  Otherwise, the seasoning and bread is on point here!Mango lassi is fresh and yum, though on the expensive side.Don't forget the fresh chilies for a nice kick!
Everyone I know told me this place is overrated, but I had to try it for myself. I ordered the Chana masala, paneer Achari and the aloo one. Chana masala was good, but the paneer and the potato was absolutely flavorless. It was just boiled potato with barely any spices. For the paneer one, the paneer wasn't really marinated so it tasted like crap. I wouldn't waste my money here.
I went today for a quick pick up of a roll.. paneer achari roll is amazing! Authentic paneer with the right amount of spices makes it a tasty bite. Top it with mango lassi and you have for yourself an awesome meal! Lines are always huge at this place it seems and I had to wait for 20 mins too. but worth it!
Overall 2 starsFood 2 starsService 4 starsAtmosphere 5 starsValue 2 starsWill I go back? Probably not.I hate reviews that are based on comparing the establishment with another.  So I won't, but can't help the comparison being a factor.Also, I may be a little tougher on this place than others, since (as you may have guessed), I am of south asian origin.  Food:Having heard about this place from others for years, I finally went with 2 others.  Between us, we ordered lamb kati rolls and chicken tikka kati rolls. I had both.  Chicken was pretty good, but not great.  Lamb was abysmal.  The lamb didn't taste like lamb.  Dunno what it was, but it wasn't good.Service: the guy at the counter was very helpful, explaining things to us, and the various choices. Atmosphere:Well laid out, tables spread out.  Walls decorated with Bollywood posters.  Very cool. Value:I suppose it is Manhattan, at a brick/mortar location that has high overhead.  But I felt that i was paying a lot.  I had heard that kati rolls were a cheap lunch (we went at 2 pm), but not really.Will I go back?Probably not: here's where the comparison comes in.  I was introduced to kati rolls by the biryani cart at the corner of 46th & 6th.  Those were absolutely incredible.  If it wasn't for my wife who insists i watch my calories, I would have gone back for multiple rolls there.  Next time, when i want kati rolls, I'll head to that cart, not here.
Last night it literally took 25 minutes for our 6 rolls to come out and we were trying to catch a movie. We made it in time but I was fairly incredulous at what didn't seem like a strangely packed crowd. Maybe something went horribly wrong in the kitchen or maybe they're just slow.Anyways, the veg rolls are a bit better than their meated cousins with the chicken tikka being kinda tough. My pick would be the chana/egg one.
Omg Kati roll.  What a wonderful concoction!  It's good sober and drunk haha.  My faves are- paneer, chicken, and shrimp!  The crisp paranta is perfect around the moist tender meat or cheese.  Line gets packed during late night for sure.  Definitely try this asap!
You can't beat this for a quick tasty meal in midtown Manhattan.
Great food, friendly staff, and great price considering the area. 1 roll is the perfect midnight snack. Highly recommended.
I love Indian Frankie's(kati roll) and this is the place in NYC. Hands down. Best kati roll you could get.  Kati's here are tasty, filling and cheaper. My favorite pick would be chicken tikka roll and paneer tikka roll. Each cost you like $6-7 and it can be a quick breakfast or lunch or dinner:)I could rate this joint with 5 star for providing such a tasty roll but I would safely give them 4 star because of the ambience. Though the place looks very native and feels like as if you are in India with trendy authentic wall drawings. But it does look dingy and run down sometimes and the restroom just close to eating area in the back makes you feel uncomfortable but who cares as long as you have take-away option and good Indian food, I would visit this place often. Tip: - Place is really small and too many people line up in short time to order and then you need to wait to get your order. It gets bad if you can't find place to sit after standing for so long. So here is the tip, order the food over the phone on your way to the place (like 20 minutes before) . the food would be ready by the time you reach the place. Grab it and take a 3 minute walk to bryant park and pick your best seat (for free) with good view, enjoy your kati roll with cool breeze and a good view. This would be great if you come with big gang and can't find a place to sit in the joint or if you find the place is too suffocating. Go grab a bite!
You get to order fast but WAIT TIME is like 45 to 60 minutes long. If you got the time, patience and enthusiasm to smell like a curry pot, please go for it.Food is salty, oily and does not live up to the hype. If you want heartburn, its the best place to go.The guys working at the back are overworked, frustrated and angry. Feel sorry for them.Also, there is an annoying Manager, who INSULTS all customers especially the Indian looking ones. I stood there watching this idiot manager make sarcastic comments and the poor customers kind of ignored him. In his mind, he thinks he is doing great customer service. I wonder how the company can hire such people. SAD!Not the good place it used to be. Not going there any time soon.
Great lunch/quick eats place. Great food for a reasonable price. Although the place isn't too big, you can usually find a table. The only reason I'm not giving it 5/5 is because the roll was a little soggy. It's to be expected with a fast food kind of place, but the filling, meat and spices were top-notch.
I love love this place. It's almost unhealthy how much I like this place. My favorite is the chicken tikka or the paneer rolls. The gridded bread is way better since it's got more fat. Price are more than reasonable and hours are great. You can simply call ahead and pick up to save some time as well.
Nothing like how the Ethiopians make it. Very fatting and not a good quality of floor used. I felt sick after eating it. Go to Buna Cafe in Brooklyn if you want to try a something similar to the Kati Roll.
I'm an ardent fan of thelewala but this was my second visit this year primarily because of the convenient location . I still prefer the thelewala chicken egg roll , however it isn't that bad either . I was pleasantly surprised by the aloo masala roll which I shared with my hubby. The lamb rolls aren't that great though.The single egg chicken roll was not sufficient for me as I was starving mid afternoon.The chai was also quite good.If you are in midtown this is a must cheap eat place that shouldn't be missed
Tried the achari paneer, was really flavourful. However, it does have raw onions, so if you're like me who doesn't like that after taste, carry some gum. Got a very rustic, Indian street ambience, fun and well lit. Would recommend it to others.
Came here at 11:30 during the weekday for lunch and it was not very crowded but around 12:30 there were definitely lines out the door.I got the lamb egg kati roll, not spicy with mango lassi.  The mango lassi came in a small container and be careful because the ink actually washes off for some reason.  The drink was on the thick side but good although very expensive because it was $4.The lamb egg roll was just okay.  I liked the bread and the egg but the lamb meat was minced instead of chunks so I can didn't get a nice lamb flavor.  Also for some reason it took us forever to get our food although they were really fast with everyone else's food.Note: if you like spicy food then you have to request spicy when you order the roll.  You can also ask for green chili which is really really spicy - just by smelling it I cleared my sinuses.
This is a place we always come to after a fun night in NYC!!! Last week, I brought my family here and they LOVED it too!!!!The kati rolls are filled with flavor and are delicious. I ordered the chicken salad for the first time and it blew me away! You never go to an Indian restaurant and order salad(except for this place) because all you typically get is a plate with tomatoes, lettuce, and cucumbers. However, this salad was absolutely amazing and they added sooo much chicken. The combination of ingredients in this salad made it flavorful and divine! highly recommend this restaurant!! The salad is a definite 'must try' for you salad lovers out there!!!
This is my favorite place for a quick bite in NY. Whenever I come in town I always go to this place. I love their lamb Kati roll and vegetarian Kati roll and their mango masala and chai tea. They make chai tea just like in the streets of India. The naan they use for the Kati rolls are so soft and fresh it melts in your mouth. Bought two rolls for dinner and went to Bryant Park and ate on a bench it was such a perfect night !
I thought to give a try because of the large amount of reviews.  ITried the chicken.  It was too salty for me.  I thought that the $10 for 2 chicken wraps was too expensive.
Just finished my meal at Kati Roll and it was disgusting! I ordered the lamb shambi roll but the lamb was mushy dog food. I still can't get the taste out of my mouth! Fucksakes. Service was horrible as well. The cashier rolled his eyes and moaned at customers. These people clearly hate their jobs. All in all, i strongly advise staying the fuck away from Kati roll.
I was having an Indian food craving and walked over to a place I haven't been to in a year. I love Indian food and this place hit the spot. I ordered the chicken tikka and Chana. Both were great this time. Last time was so so. Still greasy but once in a while to satisfy a craving is just fine. There are usually lines but it goes fairly quick.
Cheap delicious Indian rolls. I'm a regular customer especially when I'm around Bryant park area. However I noticed recently that the lines are so long and they are not as efficient in getting people their food fast enough. I had to wait 20+ minutes each time. Service was not as friendly as before. Health rating is B.
This place is great for a quick bite.  I love their achari paneer roll and the unda chicken tikka masala roll.  I like getting the rolls that offer unda (egg) parathas over regular it seems to add more flavoring.  A piece of advice of any vegetarians get any other veggie roll outside of the unda roll itself.  A friend of mine got that and both of is were disappointed as it was a flavorless egg wrapped in a paratha.Every other roll I've had doesn't disappoint, the meat is always tender and the spicy flavors mesh well together.
So this place does one thing...kati rolls. The menu is about 10 items. As far as i can tell ..its all hype and you can honestly get way better kati rolls off a food cart.Rolls are $4-5.50 each and don't have that great of a flavor. I tried the Unda Beef and Achari Paneer roll and they were pretty bland even though the presentation is great.$8 minimum for credit cards.Take your money and hit up any of the carts in the area for way better rolls for about $6 for two.
The halitosis is so worth it!  Onions and Indian spices will not make you very popular at your post-lunch meetings, but who cares?  The aromatic burps will serve as a reminder of your amazing lunchtime feast.Achari Paneer Roll: Probably my favorite roll.  Why settle for cheese as a topping when your main protein is huge blocks of cheese.  Way better than boring tofu of the same pale color.  Heck, I'd eat more tofu if it tasted like paneer.Aloo Masala Roll: Like mashed potatoes, if mashed potatoes weren't boring.  Tons of Indian spicy goodness infiltrates this yellow soft center.  Even omnivores won't miss the meat.Chicken Roll: A classic.  The charred marinated chicken is enhanced by all the great sauces.  Surprisingly lighter than the non-meat options, I could throw back a whole pack of these!Chana Masala Roll: I love chana masala by itself, so this roll was enticing.  It's a bit messy since the little chickpeas are hard to contain.  But still tasty and as hearty as a meat option.Shrimp Masala Roll: This was just meh.  The shrimp were small and rubbery (probably overcooked).Mixed Veggie Roll: Not a fan of this at all.  The sweet beet patty just didn't pair well with the savoriness, saltiness and spiciness of the rest of the roll.  I don't know why they needed a specific veggie patty option when they have so many other vegetarian rolls.  Would have been better if they used a malai kofta instead.
The Paneer Kati Roll is one of my favorites! I always eat a few there and bring some home for the wife and fam.
Really tasty rolls. However it's tiny. You gotta buy two to be full. This makes it $$ rather than $.Note: it's alittle oily so maybe have like some drink as well. More $$?
Great concept. Long lines and your number might never be called. If you are waiting for 15 plus minutes make sure you ask because skipped my order but it was very tasty.
I was looking for tossed salad bar in midtown, but none of them were opened. I ended up having a roll and a lassi here, which proved to be a good backup plan;)
Food is great here. It's a little bit on the pricey side though. The mango lassi is a must try and is worth the $4. However, it gets packed during lunch and definitely be prepared to wait at least 15-20 minutes. The food is delicious but it's not filling (unless if you get the mango lassi with your Kati rolls).
I tried the unda chicken tikka roll and it was super delicious!!! Chicken is juicy and the bread is so soft and fresh. I love the egg and green chutney in the roll, its slightly spicy but packed with FLAVOR! They serve pretty quick and the place isnt huge. It gets packed rather quickly though. Also, not a lot of seating available, but this spot is more of a grab and go....Id definitely be coming back again.
these guys are geniuses. whoever came up with this, bro. you need to expand. you havent been there yet then listen to me. get 3 roti not 2 like me. then i had to make the line again like an idiot and since i didnt want to order just one i ended up getting 2 more so in the end i ate 4.   this will be a place i must visit every time i am in new york.
Great Kati rolls. Lots of different combinations to try which is nice. The line does get long, but it does move. Between this place and Mamoud's they have lines that rival each other. Service is definitely interesting....
I came here in 2014 by chance -- I was walking around town and saw this place, which I had never heard of.First, if you haven't had kati it's time to try. Especially if you like Indian food.The concept is simple: Indian food in a churro-like fried wrap. Among other virtues, it's portable. So when I went around lunch a number of Indian people in semi-professional wear came in. It was pretty busy.Space inside is tight -- it's a small ethnic place. So you'd have an easier time in the afternoon or to-go.The food is a delightful surprise. I ordered some spicier rolls, which were too much for my tastes at the time. The spices overwhelmed the other flavors, as they tend to do. So I'll opt for something milder if I return.Support small businesses and unique cuisine! Immigrants make this city and this country great.
Love Kati Roll, but this branch is a B rating and sure enough, I had food poisoning from them. Also, service was shit - ladies at the till were too busy chatting amongst themselves to take my order for almost 10minutes.
wowsers! i was totally suspect of this being some gimmicky nyc foodie thing to capitalize on the western fascination with all things india & pop media. and maybe it is? but you know what else it is? fucking fantastically flavorful and fun! such a cute little spot at a great price point. i stopped in from the rain (and a failed bead shopping adventure in the fashion district! ohhhh bambi deer dress you shall remain nakedly beadless!!!) ok... anyhow.kati does it up right. fast. cheap. yum. think punjab street food fare but super user friendly for your less courageous food friends and still tasty enough for your seasoned international couch surfers ;)~i had the chai. excellent. fresh chutney... not really unique but def. fresh and comforting. the paneer roll and the unda chicken (tikka plus eggs!!!)omg. perfectly hits the spot. cant wait to take a date here :D
Not a bad alternative to a sit-down Indian place, as I thought the food in terms of quality was closer to "restaurant" rather than "fast food". I came today for lunch with my boyfriend and we each had two rolls: I had the chicken tikka and the beef tikka, and he had the unda chicken and the chicken tikka. There are a variety of different rolls on the menu, and you have an option between having them on paratha or roti (although it seems like the default is paratha, I was never asked and had to specify that I wanted roti, while my boyfriend got paratha). The flavor of all of our rolls was decent, and I was surprised to see some other reviewers saying the beef was dry because I thought mine was cooked pretty well, probably somewhere around medium to medium-rare. The inside, in photos, looks a little bit dive-y, but upon arriving I was pleasantly surprised to see that it was more just the decor that gives it a cool "street" feel. There was more seating than I would have expected, given the neighborhood, and there was a clean and open bathroom (again, given the area, I gotta give them props for that). The things that I thought were not-so-great about the Kati Roll Company were predominantly the speed of service and the pricing. While still fast casual, it did take us a while to receive our rolls, despite it not being incredibly busy. Also, oddly enough, my boyfriend and I ordered back-to-back from the same person at the counter, and she selected "dine in" for his, while mine was rung up as a "to go" order, so when I got my rolls in a bag I had to ask for a tray. Slightly annoying and it would be nice to be asked in the future. The rolls are small, and priced around $5-$6 a pop, so after ordering two my total was around $11.50. Even after eating both, I was full but not stuffed (as a point of comparison, my ~$8 Chipotle bowl usually fills me AND I have leftovers). Typically, when I go out to Indian restaurants, my entrees are around $15-$17, so it's not THAT much cheaper than a restaurant, and the portion sizes were a lot smaller. And getting a small side of chutney is an additional cost. While negligible, it's still something, on top of the already-overpriced rolls. I also think they're missing a real opportunity by not putting rice in the rolls. I'd probably return, because I think they uniquely fill a market, but if a competitor to the Kati Roll Company ever cropped up I don't think I'd have much brand loyalty.
My friend had a craving for Kati Rolls so decided to go on our way back from an event. I've been less of a fan of Kati Rolls as time goes on but hadn't been in a while so decided to go. The atmosphere is very casual with lively conversations, where you can relax and talk freely. We decided to get two rolls, one Unda Aloo (Potatoes with Egg) on the Paratha bread and one Shrimp on the Paratha bread as well. I personally feel that the food is a bit expensive, especially since you get a relatively small portion in a roll. The Unda Aloo is my usual go to, but I didn't enjoy it as much this time around (like I said, I've been less of a fan each time I go). The Shrimp Roll which I haven't had before, was surprisingly good compared to my roll, but not anything really amazing. About an hour or so afterwards, I had a bit of a stomachache but not sure that Kati Rolls caused this. I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon, but not opposed to it if a friend really wants to go. My friend has recommended a similar Kati Roll company across the street by the NYU location, if you're in midtown then I'd rather go for Halal Guys over this any day.
Loooove this place. Near my job, great place to come and grab a quick and portable lunch. My favs are Unda Chicken Roll or lamb--really tasty. Service is fine---sometimes super slow, which can be annoying.  However it's not every time so it's not enough to prevent me from coming back.
Love love love this place.Kati rolls never get tiring, and 2 seem perfect, until I get hungry again.A western twist to the wrap, the flavor of the dish is certainly authentic and well done.
I was brought here and honestly had no idea what to expect. I ordered the uda shami roll and let me just say it was AMAZING. All of the flavors meshed together so so perfectly and after eating the roll I just felt so fulfilled, I didn't feel like I needed more, nor like I had overeaten. I love how the menu is short and simple and to the point, you know exactly what you're ordering and aren't at all overwhelmed by the choices. Not to mention, the prices are really good. The decor was super simple and casual and there isn't a lot of space, also when we walked in there was quite the line but they seemed to have a very organized method of getting people their food and the food arrived very timely so the line moved fast. Seriously though everything about this place just seemed to be exactly the thing I never knew I needed but now am certain I can't go without again. If you're ever in the area and want a quick stop for lunch or something you can take with you over the park (that is affordable and easy to carry too) then be sure to stop in.
I had #8 Unda Chicken Roll (has a layer of beaten eggs) to-go for my bus trip back to Washington, DC. Generally speaking, I try to avoid bringing anything with a strong smell to eat while travelling out of consideration to my fellow passengers. But after hearing my friends rave about this place, I had to give it a try.Overall I was very impressed with how neatly wrapped my roll was such that nothing was overflowing and falling into my lap (a huge plus sitting in the window seat!). Though not messy at all, after devouring the roll, I noticed that they even thoughtfully included hand wipes saving me a trip to the dreaded back-of-the-bus stalls. Kati Roll Company has clearly thought about the diner's experience and is a restaurant to keep in my books.
I've heard so much about Kati roll and decided to check it out while I was in NYC. I got the achari paneer roll and aloo masala roll. The achari paneer roll definitely beats the aloo masala roll and I would recommend trying that. I didn't get a chance to try the unda roll but would go back to try that out next time. The wait is pretty long so I  recommend ordering online. I felt like it was a little quicker to pick up then waiting in line.
Great place for an authentic Indian roll. Very well priced too. Do try the amazing yogurt drink.
Second time here. Different location. Same opinion. Food is good, not great. Really greasy and heavy. But this location has more seating and is much cleaner.
Kati Roll has been on my list for a while after seeing it on a Thrillist list. My friend and I decided to check it out for lunch. The layout of the store is perfect for the area - easy to navigate and no frills. The concept of the store is also great - a fast-casual joint serving Indian-inspired fillings wrapped in a paratha, a savory Indian pancake. Sadly, the food was all pretty underwhelming. I ordered the chicken tikka kati roll and beef tikka kati roll with a mango lassi. While the meats were flavorful and had a good kick to them, the fillings were dry and the paratha was on the mushy side and stuck to the wrapper. The one good thing that we ordered was the mango lassi. I love that they sell it in little bottles so it's perfect to drink on the go.  Overall, a good idea, but I'm not rushing to come back.
Everytime I come here Moni provides amazing service!
Great Kati Rolls, tons of flavor, tad overpriced. Fast serviceKati = "cut-tee" (2nd t is produced by flicking your tongue off the roof of your mouth as opposed to pushing off your front two teeth, it'll be more like a "dhi" sound)Except for one unusually tough piece, all my pieces of chicken and beef were soft and pretty juicy; the chimichurri complements the Indian spiced meat so well. All together with the paratha, meat and some red onions it ate 'dry' but I forgot to ask for chutney on the side (noob). The parathas were slightly oily, but I really enjoyed how thin they were able to make them; oftentimes, parathas can be thick and hard to eat ("PUH-ra-ta" h is silent, although growing up we said "puh-ROW-ta", must be a dialect thing). Also, I wasn't crazy about the unda (beaten egg layer), I thought it lacked seasoning. The Kati rolls should be priced around $3-4, but the flavor makes it worth it $6. Other Yelpers have noted Paneer and Shrimp as being excellent! Midtown/Times Square location can be hectic during lunch rush but line moves quickly. Recommended: Unda Chicken Tikka, Beef Tikka
Great lunch spot, the service is pretty fast and the food is very flavourful. Especially liked the shrimp one and the chickpea one. The chickpea one is a bit spicy and goes really well with the roti. The shrimp one is very flavourful and pairs well with paratha.
My friend highly recommended this place as a must try when visiting NYC. We went there for a late lunch after a visit to Central Park. I biked across the entire park and was very hungry. Once there we did not see any rush, probably due to being off hours and we settled on the chicken tikka roll, paneer roll and the potato roll. The chicken tikka roll was amazing. Kati roll is like a Indian answer to the burrito, a roll made of paratha, roti or chapati with meat, paneer or veggies cooked with indian masala. The main ingredient to make a good kati roll is the paratha and Kati roll company excels at making the buttery paratha. I ordered the paratha with no fillings to taste it and it was excellent. Their preparation of paneer and meat is also excellent adding to the taste. One small compliant would be the size of the kati roll but for $5 I am satisfied with the roll especially after looking at the prices of food in Times Square. Finally I also liked their masala Chai. Overall one of the good indian places I visited in NYC
As others mentioned here, the wait can be quite long but as I have had food here before, I was thinking for the price point it's great deal and the good is good too! It did not prepare me for this experience. I ordered and patiently waited for my order # to be called. It gets pretty noisy inside so you really have to drop everything and pay attention to when they yell out order number to pick up your food. 15mins in I think hear my number being called, and I am told - very curtly - that nope, my food is still being prepared. I wait another 15mins while 5-10 orders after me are delivered. I stood right in front of kitchen/ ordering area so as to not miss my food. They didn't bother to follow up or check the status of my order. I finally had enough and wanted a refund and that's when they suddenly had a change of heart - trying to figure out what went wrong. Instead of apologizing for this experience, they har the audacity to tell me that my number was called and I was nowhere to be found. To add to the injury, they even tried to offer my order which was probably cold after just sitting around. When you mess up, have the balls to own up. But it was too much to expect I guess. Most places would make things right, no ? I think that's a concept that does not exist for this establishment. Never again. tldr - good food but horrible service / management.
The rolls are soo dry.. there's absolutely no sauce just a half cooked chicken rolled in.. this is disgusting.. even after I specifically requested for adequate amount of sauce, so the rolls are not dry like my last I get this soggy roll with absolutely no sauce and the chicken is half done ! definitely their quality and taste is dropping so low!
Cool Indian food spot with about 15 different rolls to select from. They have many meat and vegetarian options. I tried the Shami Kabab roll and Chicken Tikka roll. I was not a fan of the chicken, the flavor and smell was not my favorite. The shami was tasty. I wish I had two of the shami instead.
We came visited this after reading Yelp reviews.It was little late (9PM).We ordered 4 rolls - veggie, chicken tikka, shami kebab, Kati roll speciality (kosha mangosh) Service was quick and food was ok. It's little pricey for the quantity they serve..Very small place and not recommended for big groups..On the scale of 1-5Quantity- 3Quality - 3Price - $$Cleanliness- 3Service and staff - 5
Kati rolls is def the place to go after a night of drinking and partying! This place is such a great alternative for vegetarians that don't eat chicken and rice!I love the achari paneer roll, it's always been my go to when I come to New York. The roll was a little bit dry and could've used more chutney but overall it tasted great!
I've heard so much about this place from multiple friends and was so excited to try it! I ordered the chicken tikka, channa, and shami rolls. All 3 were excellent and packed with flavor so the rolls definitely lived up to the hype.I did have a couple of issues which is why I'm docking 1 star from them.  My chicken tikka had a bit of burnt chicken which made it difficult to eat towards the end of the roll. Also, the shami roll was a little dry (I will say that I ate this a day later so it might be a result of that).In my opinion, the prices were on the high end for the amount of food you're getting. Each roll can range from roughly $5-6 and they aren't that big. It's worth a shot to try them out if you haven't done so before but I wouldn't make this place a regular.
The line going out the front door this evening is testament to this little operations popularity, a long wait but well worth it. I dined on the achari paneer and the chicken tikka and what a delight they were, the flavors are bang on, the ingredients are top quality and just the right amount of spice - delicious!Will be back soon to test out the rest of the menu.
Update : 04/20/2015When I complained about the veggie-meat fiasco to their management, they were apologetic and also issued me at 25$ gift card as a compensation.. Thats professional on their part. So upgrading this to 3 starsVegetarians go nuts for this spot. ??I was served meat for a vegetarian order and I've never eaten meat in my whole life!!I felt offended and sick.. Total callousness on part of the staff and when I clearly expressed my grievance yes they replaced my order with veggie option, but without any apologies.. they really didnt care for my food sensitivity and behaved as if it was a 'routine' mistake
I don't mind spending money for high quality and innovation.... This place however is no different than the Kati roll carts. For 12 bucks for two rolls, I'd much rather head on over a few blocks to 53rd and 6th ave for a much better meal and half the price... Literally. With that said, these guys do have a good product. The bread is very buttery and the meat that they put inside is well seasoned and prepped.  Don't come here thinking one roll will fill you up...it won't. This is a great place to hang out to see pretty young brown girls rolling up in their dad's Benzes completely intoxicated.
Went here for first time the other day had the chicken Kati roll. Handmade wrap, meat is nice and tender, but kind of bland in taste. The one I was served seemed saturated in oil. It was kind of busy this time around but line moves quickly.
Awesome service!! I was greeted by an exuberant man (who I believe was the manager/owner??) who gave me a rundown of the menu as well as some history about the restaurant. I met up with one of my friends here as we were looking for a quick and delicious lunch in the midtown area!We shared a double chicken tikka roll and a double shrimp roll. Perfectly cooked, perfectly spiced, and it was the perfect amount of food for us! It was a bit smaller than I expected, but I didn't leave hungry! I also really enjoyed their mango lassi. It was insane how crazy busy they got when the lunch rush started - hordes of office workers streamed in as soon as it turned noon. Insane. Would definitely be back!
Food is super tasty but the operation is very slow during lunch. Seems they are more focused on processing they're deliveries.
Monique R. Was the best sales executive I have seen in a couple years.  I bought more Kati rolls than I could eat and they were all delicious!  I will definitely be back because of the great environment Monique created for me and my friends!  I just moved here from Chicago and Monique made me feel like I was at home!  Thanks Monique!
Taste pretty good. But two rolls are too much for me, but one roll is not enough.... Maybe I should get one chicken roll and one egg roll next time.
There are a ton of reviews already but I wanted to call out the salad. I had it with the yogurt dressing and it was absolutely fantastic. That along with the chicken tikka roll made a delicious, filling dinner that was somewhat healthy.
It's the second time I have been here. But it still disappoints me as the last time, if not to say it's worse. I was really picky about kitchen and they always make it really dry. Some people may like it but it's definitely not me. To be honest, my friends love that. Besides, this time, there is so much oil in the wrap and I hate it.
I visited The Kati Roll Co. yesterday during my lunch break after reading overall positive Yelp reviews. I wanted to have something different for lunch -- something filling, but not overindulgent; flavorful; reasonably priced. The Kati Roll did not disappoint. This review is primarily about the food, not the interior. I will say, however, that the establishment had a nice interior -- cool, dimly-lit, a mural on the main wall -- and there were a couple of small seating areas. The service was fast for take-out -- two minutes in line and about a ten-minute wait for my order. Both of the service persons I encountered were very friendly. If you're looking for a sit-down place to eat, I'd suggest visiting around 1:30 pm, to avoid larger crowds. I ordered the Achari Paneer roll and the Chana Masala roll, since they seemed to be popular among reviewers and among patrons in the establishment. With tip included, this came out to $13.21 or so, but each roll is only a little over five bucks, which is great. The Paneer roll was insane. It would have been life-changing, but the first few bites were a bit muted. I think that's because most of the sauce and spices were a little further down the roll. I wasn't crazy about the Chana Masala roll, but I think that has more to do with my personal preferences; I'd never tried cilantro chutney or pickled onions. Turns out they're not my taste, but I could tell the ingredients were fresh and well-cooked. I'd read some reviews stating that it takes 2-3 rolls to make for a filling lunch. I eat like a bird, however, and was full after just the Paneer roll. (I ate the Chana Masala roll anyway because curiosity.) Today, I plan to return to the Kati Roll Co. and order the Paneer roll -- and maybe one more just to "try things on for size." Overall, if you're in the Mid-Manhattan / Bryant Park / Herald Square area, seeking a lunch spot that offers delicious food at an affordable price, make the trip to the Kati Roll Company. You won't regret it. (At least no more than you'd probably regret scoring another [increasingly] disappointing $13 salad at Chop't!)
Kati Roll is a lunch spot I frequent once every 3 weeks or so being few blocks from my office. My go-to is two chicken tikka rolls (although occasionally I substitute one out for beef).They are usually excellent but a little on the expensive side and it is not worth ordering only one. You must get the green chutney sauce on the side (.25 each), as this really makes the meal and the roll is on the dry side without it.  The restaurant is almost always busy if you come between 12 and 2 during a weekday - expect to spend at least 15 minutes between standing in line and waiting for food after ordering. Sometimes Kati Roll is so packed that it's not worth the wait-  it is not uncommon to see a line out the door. My last order was subpar as the roll was too moist and stuck to the plastic wrapping. Additionally, they have forgotten my chutney sauce in a separate incident and the lack of diversity on the menu prevents me from giving a higher rating to Kati Roll.
The paneer Kati roll was very good according to a white girl. Myself, being Indian though the chicken Kati roll was okay. the chicken was a bit dry, but there was an ample amount of chicken. The lamb Kati roll sucked. The price is comparable to other restaurants that serve Kati rolls.
Always good for a quick bite. Like the mix veg roll.
Came here with a group of friends for the first time last night after a stimulating Junto discussion. For the record, I am not a fan of street meat, even when it's produced in a slightly more upscale venue, so I'm definitely not in the Kati Roll's target demo. That said, for what it is I suppose this place is not altogether terrible. I had an Unda Roll and a Kingfisher beer and was (relatively) satisfied. The service is not spectacular and the surroundings are not inspiring-naturally-but the food and drink are cheap, all things considered. So if this is your thing, then have it at.
The reason why i'm only giving this place 3 stars rather than 4 stars is because of Portion size. So this resturant would get 4 stars if the size of the roll was even a little bit larger or had a little more filling.  I think for 1 roll at five dollars should be a little more filling instead of paying nearly 10 dollars for 2 rolls.  The flavor of these rolls however is fantastic!  It's delicious and meaty and the perfect snack (at one) or whole lunch (at 2 pieces).I'll probably be back again for lunch at some point.
A great place for a quick bite. The cilantro sauce (chutney?) on the chicken tikka roll was delicious and the chicken itself was well-spiced and juicy. I could have gone for a few more rolls, honestly, even though one was a pretty good size and amount of meat for just 5 bucks!
I come to this place every time I'm in NY, so clearly I love the food there. However, every time I order a Kati roll, I feel it's missing something, something like salt or spice or lemon juice, I just can't pin point it but these rolls always leave me hanging. I noticed they started selling chatni so maybe that will elevate the rolls to perfection, I'll have to try it next time.
Great food. It's crowded, quick - but if you miss the Indian street food then this spot satisfies the craving. My go to spot each time.
My office is in Times Square (loud sigh) so it's hard to find good options for lunch that aren't 1) packed with tourists or 2) overpriced (as a result of there being so many tourists). The Kati Roll Company popped up on my Yelp search a few weeks ago, and I decided to give it a try since my usual haunts didn't sound appealing to me today.It's a pretty small location, but most people are taking it to-go, so it doesn't get that crowded. I got there at peak lunch hour, maybe around 12:15-12:20ish, and there were probably 2-3 people waiting to order and another 5-6 waiting for their food. I went with a chicken tikka roll and one of their berry lassis. Food came out relatively quickly - including the time it took to wait in line, order, and get my food, I was probably only in there for 10 minutes, give or take.The food is very reminiscent of Bombay Wraps in Chicago, which I'm also a big fan of. The chicken tikka roll had a generous amount of chicken in it and was very flavorful, and I love the onions. The only mild gripes I had were that the roll was kind of falling apart when I took it out of the bag - the paratha had split slightly and filling was threatening to fall out - and that it was a bit salty for my taste. However, at the price point ($5), I was pretty happy with my meal. The lassi was, if you can believe this, almost as expensive as the roll, clocking in at $4-something with tax. I probably wouldn't get this again - while it was tasty, it was a small serving and the asking price was a little too high for me. The one roll plus the lassi were a pretty comfortable lunch for me, but they do offer rolls in twos with a slight discount if you have a bigger appetite! (A single chicken tikka roll is $5, but you can get two of them for $9.) Still significantly cheaper than what a lot of other lunch places in the area will run you.Overall a pretty decent lunch, and I'll probably be back on occasion.
Got a salad from them today, added the chicken and cheese to it.  I have to say, this is one of the best salads I've ever had.   The yogurt dressing is delicious. The chicken is seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The cheese was a nice add on as well.  The salad looks small but when you add the protein in, it makes for a perfect lunch portion and even dinner.  Will definitely be back.
This was a huge disappointment. As a indian food and burrito lover I had high hopes for this place especially with all the Yelp reviews. Got the 7 and 8. Meh. It was okay. I definitely wish we got something else for lunch. The meat was burnt and overall taste was very salty. Not enough of the tikka flavor.
This is a place me and my husband found out near penn station before heading back to Long Island. It's so authentic and the setting is retro, just like the Indian movies I watched when I was little. The food is so good and the chai tea is unbelievable.
Great fast Indian food in a roll. I had a Chana Masala roll and a Achari Paneer roll and a Stella beer. Very filling and tasty. I asked for the green pepper spice sauce on the side. Really heats it up! I would come back and recommend.
Great for take-out/food on the go- it's essentially Indian street food, you can get all your favorite dishes (tikka masala, etc) wrapped in the delicious fried goodness of a roll. Mango lassi is the perfect drink order if you're a spicy food wimp like me and need something to cool down. Solid option in the area.
Waited there for 20 mins to place an order. Ordered achari paneer roll. After placing order waited for 30 mins. Can understand that the place is busy but the person handing out the order was on his personal cellphone.  The roll was tasteless. Couldn't taste any achar. Lacked seasoning overall. Not worth the 50 mins i spent to get it. Wouldn't come back or recommend anyone. Overhyped.
I had egg chicken wrap yesterday. I didn't find it very tasty. The ambience is not good.I would not suggest this.
Food was good and the ambience was reflective of what one may find in India. The Egg and chicken Kathi rolls are more delicious than the vegan. Nice Chai as well. Recommended for anyone who is tired walking the streets of New York as a tourist, especially those visiting from India.
Many South Asian people may see this place and think... "Oh great, they're bastardizing our food again". I tell them, no sir.....unlike butter chicken this is the real deal. Now granted, there are rumors that the roll was created for the british elite when they came and stole...*cough* I mean "civilized" India. Ok enough of the political stuff. This place is fantastic. When you walk in you feel like you've entered an actual hole in the wall in India. The cracks in the wall, old Indian movie posters, questionable smells.... all part of the experience. We had the aloo tikki/egg roll as well as the chicken tikka roll. Both of the rolls were incredible. The crunchy roti paired nicely with the nice filling. Inside of the roll was packed with flavor and spices. If you like Indian food and you're too good to get your hands dirty like the British then come try this place.
I have been to this place twice now in one week! I have tried the aloo masala roll & the chana masala roll, both are good, but the aloo masala was by far the better of the two! My only complaint is that the counter service can be kind of slow. There will be 10 people behind the counter, but it will take at least 10 minutes for any of them to acknowledge you would like to place an order.
The line situation is very weird. If nobody's at the counter, just walk up there and order. Chances are the twenty other people queued up are waiting for their meals to be made.I had the #2 (spicy mashed potatoes) and the #7 (chicken tikka). The #2 was pretty good for about 3/4 of it, and then I got tired of it. It was definitely filling though, but it was hard to discern where the spiciness was coming from. The chicken tikka wasn't bad, though I wish it had more sauce. The chicken wasn't dry by any means, though.I know this is a very random thing to comment on, but they also have insulated brown bags, so if you're ordering for take out (which most people are), your meal will still be warm when you get back to your office or train or whatever. Nice touch. Will definitely return.
These people really take IST to heart.Love love love kati rolls. Ever since I was introduced to them two summers ago, they have been my go-to snack on a lazy weekend afternoon. I was in the mood for something different one night for dinner and decided to make a meal of them.Strolling into Kati Roll at around 6:50PM, I ordered one shrimp and one paneer roll. At 7:15, I walked out with two rolls in hand. Yes, it took almost a half an hour to prepare two rolls. I have no idea how long it takes for them to put in their magic, but 25 minutes??  Especially after eating them, I knew it isn't worth the wait. There wasn't even a line.I've heard calling significantly reduces wait time. Even with that though, not sure if they're worth my time. Pick up the pace and I might think about stopping by again.
I had an unda roll which is bland and had average taste. I expected more by all the positive reviews. Mango lassi is good though.
Yum!! I so wish they had a location in Seattle! I had the channa masala roll and it was flavorful and oh so good! The wrap they use is deliciously grilled. I really enjoyed the new concept! I never tried a mango lassi but it was really good as well, tasted like i would expect. I enjoyed the decor especially the comic art in the bathroom haha!
I tried the mix & match the 2 Kati Roll offer. They had to tell me that I can't. I looked back at the menu and saw the rule in fine print. Darn, I wanted 1 chicken tikka masala and one chickpea. SO delicious and good quality too. I have to return to purchase the chickpea.
Affordable place; great Chai. It's usually pretty full and limited places to sit. However if you're looking for a cheap roll filled with potatoes or eggs, this is the place to be!
Went here for a quick bite to eat while visiting NYC and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the Chicken Tikka roll which was just the right amount of food to hold me over until dinner. You can also get an order of 2 at a slight discount.I also ordered the Mango Lassi and it was delicious and pre-bottled for easy transport.Highly recommend this place as an alternative to the typical fast food place. Would love if they brought these out to the west coast!
Great food. I got the paneer kati roll and it was very good. The place is kinda small. I wish it was bigger and has more seating.
Let me start with saying I love Kati roll! However this location loses marks as it is unkept and dirty. The location is always smelling and appears unhygienic. The service could be little better too. 3 stars due to 5 star food but overall experience is a more like 3
This place is a staple for us Indians. We grew up on this street food favorite. So coming here every time I'm in the city is a no-brainer.That being said, I'm not a big fan of how they've changed over the past few years - the rolls have gotten smaller, the spices and the flavor have lost their magic.Not to take away from them - PERFECT on the go food, prices are fantastic.I think the only thing they have going for them is their monopoly in this area. I'm not aware of many other competitors but if and when they do arise, they could give this place a serious run for business. That being said - I would definitely suggest trying it out for all you first timers and Indian food lovers.Vegetarian classics - Achari (Pickled) Paneer Roll and Aloo (Potato) Roll.
Super busy.  The rolls are SUPER yummy!!!! Very Affordable!!! It may better to call in order then go there to pick it up. I just don't like standing in line to wait. The workers here take order pretty quick. But during lunch time the line may form down the street. Not exaggerating.
Empty tables and only a short line around 8:00 on a Sunday night. I'd highly recommend the Unda Chicken Roll.
Yummy, cheap, and convenient Indian kati rolls - just expect to wait a while around lunch time. Highly recommend the spiced potato roll and tiger shrimp roll. Nothing is incredibly spicy, so order more sauce if you'd like. 2 or 3 rolls should be good for one person, they aren't exactly the size of a Chipotle burrito (although that would be a damn triumph).Oh, and they sell mango lassi by the bottle - you should probably get one.
The chicken roll was ok...not great. it needs more wet sauce. The first thing I thought was, wow this is dry, I need a drink. The flavors come through well, but the chicken is definitely overcooked, a bit tough. The shrimp roll on the other hand was quite wet, really tasty, and I'd recommend it for $5. Good, quick snack..although not all that quick. Took about 12 mins to get our three small rolls.
So good! Cheap, quick, and super tasty REAL food option in an area where the majority of your choices include processed fast food chains or overpriced tourist-trap disappointments. I've tried a couple vegetarian options, the chicken tikka, shami kebab and shrimp masala. My favorite by far is the chicken tikka - an explosion of flavor, the onions and green sauce will wake you right up out of your humdrum food daze. The buttery wrap is chewy and light, complementing its contents rather than competing with them. I get a craving for this place at least once a week. If I had to find something to complain about, it's that sometimes the wrap sticks to the paper it's rolled in and rips when you try to unwrap it, causing the roll to be even messier than it already is (yes, you will need those wetnaps they pack for you). I like that they don't have a ton of options on their menu; they do one thing and they do it very well. They do offer salad but in my opinion you would be doing your wallet and your stomach a disservice by getting one (They appear to be totally lackluster and not worth the money compared to the variety of amazing rolls you can get). Lassi drinks are overpriced. Save your money and double up on your Kati rolls!
I had two paneer Kati rolls, they were delicious! Stuffed well, good amount of spicy and seasoning, and the outside wrap was warm and slightly crispy. Yum!
Meat so dry, almost too hard to chew. Ugh. Is it just a bad day? If this is how they serve the meat, do they really know how to cook? First time I throw meat away because they were so bad. Beef and chicken and minced lamb, all dry!
This place is legit. The chicken tikka rolls were delicious and flavorful. It would have been perfecto if it had sauce on it. The berry lassi was also delicious. And they used organic yogurt which is a plus! I wouldve rated 5 stars but their bathroom is DISGUSTING. I truly believe that bathrooms should be relatively clean considering their employees use the same bathroom and they also make and serve the food that is to be consumed.
Found ourselves in Bryant Park and hungry, and so lucky to stumble upon this tiny gem. The wraps were delicious and so cheap (2 for $10). Plus they have mango lassi to go!
Love this place. Love the Kati rolls especially the Unda Shami roll. Quite unique taste. The quantity is not that big so I normally take two (you also get a deal with 2). I do ask for extra sauces in the rolls which makes them quite tasty. Not a lot of seating at any of their locations so mostly it's grab and go. There isn't any street parking anyway so sit in is not that easy. This place is a must try.
I love this place, over the years the menu has grown from the original chicken/ panir/ alu/ egg/ beef to all sorts of varieties and shrimp. its a great place for a quick bite to eat, the service is fast and friendly and the place is clean. they also have great lassi and chai :) drop in, totally worth it! the panir and beef are my faves
Delicious, casual Indian food - exactly what I wanted. The kati rolls hit the spot.Only negatives: the masala tea wasn't great, in my opinion; and the size of a roll is kind of awkward, in that 1 is probably too little food (unless you aren't that hungry), and 2 may be a little too much (at least for me).
WOW. Do you love Indian food and the convenience of burritos? I know I sure do. I stumbled across this place on Yelp and added it to my bookmarks and finally got a chance to check it out. As far as quick and delicious go, this is a place to check out. I just ordered one roll because I wasn't too hungry, but if you are coming for a full meal then you'll probably want to order two. There are a couple locations around the city so make sure to go check one out!
I've never had anything like this before. The establishment was very small and barely had any seating available. Most people just grabbed and go. I ordered a chicken tikki roll and a shami kabab roll, which was lamb. Both were extremely flavorful but small. They both came out hot and fresh. I liked the spice they had in it, however I would've liked it spicier. I wish the rolls were bigger, and service could improve too. Overall, a delicious snack. Definitely not a meal.
I tried the east side one and wasn't impressed at all.  Some time later, I gave it a go with this west side location and I'm definitely a fan.  I love the spice in the meats here - sometimes I think in an effort to Americanize food, Indian restaurants go light on the spices, which I hate.  This was delicious!  We had beef, chicken and chana - yum!
First time here today, enjoyed it immensely.  There is a line out the door for this Indian "restaurant," or fast food place.  Chicken kebab was delicious, as was the beef.  Only issue was very little seating, and the door into kitchen slams shut every time.  Outside of that, food was great, people nice, and pricing fair.
this is a great place for a quick cheap bite that actually tastes pretty good and is not junk fast food! The place itself is kinda dirty looking unfortunately- its not where you'd go for atmosphere or ambiance! just a quick bite on the go! I love the channa katti as well as the egg katti-
INDIAN BURRITO WRAP = my interpretation of a KATI ROLL----UNDA CHICKEN: (my indian friend recommended i get this kati roll since it contains fried egg) nice flavors, LOVE the soft but subtle crispy texture of the wrapperthe wraps are a little small if you are hungry, but they offer a discount if you buy two of the same type of wrap! we opted for one roll each, but also bought indian food from a famous cart outside!NOTE: few seats inside, it's more of a TO-go jointi heard there's also a famous cart a few blocks away known to make kati rolls that i've yet to try, but will need to compare!!
My wife and I stumbled across this restaurant walking back to our hotel.  What a find!  It was our first experience with Kati Roll.  I had never had a parathas roll and cannot wait to try again.  We had the beef tikka roll, shrimp masala roll, and aloo masala roll.  Very happy with our food experience.  Staff was friendly, customers very friendly and as a matter of fact one gentleman gave up his table for us to eat because he was waiting on his family to arrive. We finished and he got his table back.  Just a great experience all around.
This place reminds me of all those family vacations of mine to places like Disney World where we'd pack and sneak in Kati rolls instead of eating at the overpriced food courts.Ahh, nostalgia.First off, the portions aren't that big, so don't share your roll unless you really only want a snack. The lamb & chicken kati rolls are what my friends and I got, but the lamb is far superior. It wasn't spicy at all, so I was a little disappointed by that.The ambience is great & you can really feel like you're on the streets of India without having to see any cattle sh*tting in front of you.Definitely hit this place up if you're a fan of affordable Desi food.
I love this place! Cute but tiny restaurant (most people get things to go) with good food for a reasonable price. I always get the mango lassi which is supposedly made of organic yogurt!
Woot Woot another good lunch spot in the Garment District!!!!Ok there really is not much to the decor beside light colored wood all over and I think a few stools at the back wall but no table. Its very much a carry-out spot and they were quick with my order.I got the Chicken Tikka roll which is cubes of chicken marinated in spices and then grilled to prefection. Then rolled in a small size naan bread sprinkled with onions and a green sauce.  I was pleasantly surprised by the full flavor and size.  get 2 rolls because the roll was smaller then I thought and I wanted a second roll bad when I was done:)Good spot I will be back!!!!
Was recommended to go here many times- so I made the trip. For less than 7 dollars you get a roll served with a generous amount of meat in a warm paratha. My friend and I sat for awhile on the stools after devouring the rolls. A great place to pick up and go.
Chicken tikka masala roll was delicious. My only complaint is that I waited about 15 minutes for it while other orders places after me were called.
YOU ARE SO ADDICTING. WHY DO I KEEP COMING HERE? Seriously, its so quick and delicious. Probably not the healthiest but when you need that paneer kati cool you just gotta go even in 10 degree weather. The place is nice and big but very casual for quite eats. They have other locations in the city which are all good but definitely doesn't disappoint.
Yummy! Love the food, every single time I visit NYC, we stop here for a quick bite. Chicken and Paneer rolls are just wow.
I like their food. Prefect portion, inexpensive, casual, fresh and fast serve. I wanted to try mango Lassi but apparently they were out of Lassi when I went there.Its so close to where I live and they also open late! There aren't many good places to eat when its late around here, so I'm happy I found the place. I liked it better with the green dipping sauce because meat is so dry. I would like to try vegetarian food next time.
I was excited to walk into this place because of the good yelp reviews and I liked the decor, but the customer service sucked. The cashiers were pretty scary. They were yelling the whole time and never smiled.. and the receipts stopped printing too. The customer in front of me asked if she can get it e-mailed to her instead then and the cashier just kind of gave her an attitude saying it was too late and that she should've asked for it before. This made no sense because the customer didn't know that she wasn't going to get the printed one. The cashier told her next time, she should press that option instead of asking for it after the fact. UHM..okay. The food wasn't that great either. If you don't buy the separate cilantro chutney, it's not gonna be that good. It will lack in flavor. If you must try this place, make sure you get the sauce and pay extra.
I love Kati Roll - I love the chicken tikka roll & the one with cheese & the one with potato.  I've never had any Indian tolls that were better than the Kati roll.  It's the best, and I appreciate their late hours.  Thank you!
What a delicious find, thanks to Yelp!On our final night in New York, we decided to spice it up and dropped in Kati Roll Company about 30 minutes before it closed at 9pm. I'm so thankful that we made it in time because what we ate was amazing. What's a Kati roll, you ask? Think of the rich, spicy, vibrant flavors that you find in traditional Indian fare unconventionally rolled up in  paratha or roti flatbread. Honestly, I've never been a huge fan of Indian food, but the twist that Kati Roll Company does with the cuisine made me feel like I was eating a delicious Indian burrito. Love.There are a variety of roll flavors you can select. If you purchase two of the same kind, there is about a $.75 discount. My recommendation:  Order at *least* two for yourself. Eating only one would not have filled me up. Two took the hunger pangs away, but didn't overly stuff me. We decided to order two different kinds of rolls to share (we ordered two of each):* CHICKEN TIKKA ROLL x 2 ($9.25): I really enjoyed this. The chicken was cut in small cubes and marinated in yogurt and a variety of spices that had a nice heat balance. The paratha flatbread was lightly cooked, chewy, and was the perfect vehicle for delivering the rich goodness to my fat face.* UNDA BEEF ROLL x 2 ($12.25): Phenomenal. Again, bold, diverse flavors seasoned the beef, and when combined with the egg, all rolled up in the roti (a wheat flatbread), it was sheer heaven in my hands. We also were given the opportunity to try their small Organic Salad. Loaded with a large number of fresh ingredients, including garbonzo beans, it was a nice compliment to our rolls. Eating the salad made us feel like we were getting our vegetables in our diet. Kati Roll Company is embraced by the locals. I spotted no tourists in this location; all of the patrons seemed to be residents who had a genuine fondness of this gem. It's unfortunate there isn't a location in California.
Bad.  The roll wasnt warm at all. Not as good as the review on yelp. BTW i had the chicken tikka.
I popped in late on a Weds night, got a aloo masala, saag paneer and a chicken tikka kati roll (yes, i was hungry!). I wish I had taken the time to look at their drink options, I love lassi. The chicken was a little dry, not nearly spicy enough and the saag paneer was just ok. The aloo masala was the best out of the three. No long wait, plenty of seating and you don't have to wait very long. A-OK as the rating says!
The paratha was so light and crispy, I loved it. The whole kati roll itself? I've had better, but that's not to say these aren't good. The achari paneer roll was great. The unda roll was actually kind of cold when served, and the eggs were slightly overdone. The amount of chutney made the rolls a little soggy. I still loved the chutney itself, the flavors of both rolls were delicious, and the portion size was perfect. I recommend getting two rolls; they have deals for ordering in twos.The line was to the door, but it moved quickly. Although there's limited seating, people here eat and go, so a table will probably free up while you wait in line. The service was super friendly.I'll still miss my Spice End kati rolls in Philly, but these will definitely do while in NY.
I haven't visited in person, only ordered on postmates. I tried the #7 chicken tikka (juicy chunks of chicken) and #11 shami (lamb & lentil croquette). The chicken tikka was delicious, the shami was good but not great, very crumbly and lentil heavy. I love lentils but would have preferred a stronger lamb presence; I suppose for $5 I am asking for too much. Definitely order 2 rolls if you are hungry, 1 is a snack-sized portion (a little larger than a soft taco). Be aware - these come default with onions!
Mmm, indian food in a burrito form?! Yesss! It was a great mixture of indian spices + fried tortilla. Genius fusion of the two! I will definitely be returning to this little hole in the wall. Limited seating, be patient, it is worth it!
This place may taste good but it will give you food poisoning. If you have a weak immune system beware. If you are OK with some stomach issues the following day then go ahead and enjoy the reasonable prices and tasty food. Good luck and enjoy!
Venue is really tiny. there are about 3 or 4 small tables to sit and eat. but really tight space, and might need to make some ninja style maneuvering to pick up your order etc. Lines get long during lunch hour. Food (4/5) - I tried to go as light as possible which was the chicken tikka roll with the roti which is the healthier option. On their website, they state that their  "rotis are made of whole wheat flour and cooked on the grill without any oils". I ordered 2 probaly optimal serving is about 1.5 rolls. It was tasty, but a bit too much salt and heat (spice) than I expected. Mouth was burning up a little.
The rolls here were very very good. We were a group of 10, and got all kinds of rolls. I liked Shami lamb roll the most. The place was super busy, but Scott, who worked here, made some time and came by to greet us personally, while he told a little story about the place. Good to know that they hand roll their bread!
Good, quick and cheap.  If you want a late night snack and don't want to get a full meal, this is your place to go.
The kati roll is a burrito like wrap, with the filling wrapped inside a paratha (Indian flatbread). I tried the chicken tikka and aloo masala rolls. Together, they came out to $9.50 (they did not charge tax).Both rolls were okay and fairly tasty, with well seasoned filling. The chicken tikka was the better of the two. The only thing is that neither of my rolls were spicy enough. I recommend you request it to be sure if you want spicier. Size wise, the rolls were not particularly large and you definitely need to get two to be full. The place is a very casual place and you just order at the counter area, which also is their open kitchen. It's well suited for a quick lunch.
Stopped by here on a trip to NYC. Didn't regret it. Ordered the chicken and beef tikka rolls, which has a yogurt sauce inside. That yogurt sauce counter balances the spiciness of the roll well, and for me, it was pretty freaking spicy, but I couldn't get enough.It was easy to order at the counter, waited about 10 min. for both rolls and ate at the counter. It wasn't busy at the time, so we didn't have trouble finding somewhere to sit. The prices were right. Good, unique food and affordable.
First indian restaurant after 10 days so we were a bit starved for indian.  This is definitely a go to place for Rolls.   Ambiance is from a 1970 indian movie but the food is great.  We had the chicken tikka roll, the potato roll and the egg roll and they were awesome. Everything is made fresh and you can tell.  Good ingredients but more importantly the finished product is awesome.
First time trying these bad babies. Yummy fresh kati rolls. Whats' not to like?Must have if you are not too hungry :)
Loved it! The Mango Lassi was the best I ever had! The Chana (chickpeas) Paratha was much better than the Paneer (cottage cheese) Paratha ... Quick service and super friendly staff!
This is somehow Indian roll place, they even don't know how to make good rolls, even an ordinary cart in Pakistan or in India make better rolls than these guys. Worst experience, don't go , you will waste money and will be disappointed. They are just wrapping chicken or beef in roti bread and doing nothing, even a 90 years old granny can make better roll than these folks. Stay away!
Pretty much can't go wrong. Kati roll is an Indian taco, a little greasy with a lot of flavor. Recommend both the chicken and beef but have heard from others that some days the beef is dry although certainly was not the case during my visit
Taste: Great!Portion size: So here's where its tricky. One kati roll isn't enough, but two kati rolls might be over doing it. I suppose that's where they get us.The Lassi was a little more sweet than yoghurty but still pretty good.Seating is scarce: This place gets busy, so you might be better taking out and eating it outdoors, or at home.
This place is good, but there's a lot of hype. The line alone easily takes 20 minutes during lunch hour.The kati roll is made with a delicious bread wrap, and the filling is pretty good. I actually really like the egg based (unda) rolls. Kati roll ends up being a little pricey for lunch, but it's a good spot to keep in the rotation for something different every now and then.
Service behind the counter could be A LOT better. He looked like he couldn't have cared less and was irritated with each new person on line.  Kati rolls were good.  Better than average.
Kati Rolls are my new favorite food item. It's all the goodness of Indian food and spices wrapped in a lightly fried naan. It is easy to eat (no mess!), quick, super tasty and there are so many options! You can mix and match rolls as well. Two rolls is enough for a meal and will cost you roughly $12.  They prepare the rolls fresh but it only takes about 5 minutes to get your order.I tried four different Kati Rolls. My favorite, by far, was the mixed veggie roll. The veggie pattie was unbelievably tasty.  I kept trying to figure out what the heck was in this pattie and was able to pick out maybe 6 different things (out of who knows how many!) It's such a great and mysterious balance of veggies, texture, and spices. Second  place is a tie between the aloo masala and chana masala roll.  One is potatoey goodness and the other is whole chickpea goodness. Choose wisely.  Third place was the achari paneer roll. This is the halami cheese roll. It comes in last simply because after having the other rolls, this one did not have as strong of a spiciness or flavor profile. It was still delicious, but I would like this more for breakfast since it is mild.I would also highly recommend getting one of the bottled mango lassi drinks with your rolls. MANGO. It compliments the boldness of the rolls well. Disclaimer: I also tried the mixed berry but it came no where close to as good as the mango. Mango or bust.Now here's a game changer- this place is open until 4am.  This is possibly one of the best drunk food spots you could ask for!When will the Kati Roll Company come to DC?! Please, come to DC. ASAP. I need you.
Have tried a number of Kati roll outlets, and never have I been super impressed. Neither have I been very disappointed. This is just soul food for someone who grew up on Granny's mutton rolls, and guess I will visit this chain every now and then. This outlet was bustling like the others, and we had to do a take out. The "unda shami" roll was good, but my husband found the beef roll ordinary.
Overrated..long lines and slow service..had to wait 45 minutes.  the portions are small and bland. overall food is not worth the long wait at all.
My wife & I had dinner here and it was great! Very fast service even though the place was packed (don't count on getting a table when it's busy). Lots of vegetarian options, and everything we had was delicious. Looking forward to returning and trying out some of their other options.
Came here because I heard great things about this place, but I really regret giving a tip (if you pay with a credit card, you see an option to pay a tip, and I guess I was feeling generous and a bit rushed because I just tapped on the first option that caught my eyes--15%). After waiting for like 15 mins for my food, I found out they had apparently forgotten my order. Had to wait another 10mins or so for them to make my order, and although I'd gotten it to go, I decided to sit down and eat. Apparently it was a good thing I did, because they'd forgotten to include the sauces I'd asked for (which they'd charged me extra for). When I got my sauces and finally sat down to try the food, I was really underwhelmed. Needless to say, I'm never coming here again.
I'm a bit torn on Kati Roll. It seems like there are some really good rolls, and some really not-so-good rolls.My friends and I bought 6 - so we could all try the different rolls. I personally tried the potato one, the chicken tikka, and the beef tikka.The potato one and the chicken were really good. And they definitely benefited from the chutney sauce that we also bought (why the hell is this not free?), but were good alone too  - but I just like that extra kick! The potato one was definitely cohesive and had a nice curry taste.The beef tikka on the other hand had a weird taste, and my friends agreed. Did we get a bad batch of beef? Or does it always taste like that?Guess we'll have to see at a future visit...
Been here several times. Of the three Kati roll places in the city, this one is the most consistent.Good for vegetarians - my favorites are the Achari Paneer and Mix Veg rolls
Chicken tikka sandwich was quite tasty as well as the green chutney - the place however was not cleaned and the tables were very dirty that we were hesitant eating.
Addictive!  Chicken Tikka roll hit the spot!
I was a little disappointed in this place. maybe I came at an off day.I ordered 2 chicken tikka rolls. The rolls themselves were luke-warm and even though at the end of the roll my wrapper looked pretty saucy, I didn't actually taste that much sauce. I am guessing I could have asked for extra sauce, but it was my first time, what do I know? I was also a little upset that when they handed me my food I got no napkins or anything, but when my friend got hers she got a pile of napkins AND a wet wipe! I would have LOVED a wet wipe myself. It's just strange how different the service is. There's only one counter.My friend ordered the shrimp rolls and actually sent one back to be reheated since they were actually cold! She says she's eaten there many times though, so again, maybe just an off day.The restaurant itself is pretty small, but there are some small tables in the front and a few more in the back. Probably best to come with a group no larger than 4 people.
Not sure what the hype is here. I ordered the beef tikka roti roll, Shrimp masala roti roll and unda beef roti roll. Both beef rolls were a tad dry. I do like the spicy element but some parts were too salty. The rolls are pretty small so you have to order at least two. The shrimp roll was pretty good, nothing memorable. One thing that annoys me is how the roti rolls are wrapped. The parchment paper seems to be rolled with the roti rolls so you have to make sure you aren't eating paper half way through your roll. Another option if you are craving similar food is to check out Roti which is near grand central.
Absolutely love this place.  Everything is so good.  It gets super busy during lunch time though, but the line goes really quickly.
Wow! This was really good. The short description is, it's Indian street meat but with better ingredients. The long description: Thin-ish flatbread (wouldn't call it naan, but close), that's wrapped grilled meats/veggies with pickled red onions. It's almost like a smaller, leaner version of a Chipotle burrito, but all-thriller-no-filler. I had the Chicken Tikka roll and the Shrimp Masala roll, and both were great. The shrimp was a bit spicy with a nice kick, but the chicken was perfect. It seems pricey, at first, for the amount of food you get. These aren't burrito-sized. They're more breakfast-burrito-sized. But eat your rolls and give it about 10 minutes, and you'll feel pretty full.There's also a surprising amount of seating, so don't be afraid to eat in. Can't wait to go back for Beef Tikka. Definitely gonna spend $0.50 for some chutney sauce.
Stopped in for a quick snack on a whim. It was about 3pm on a Saturday, and there were three or four other customers. Ordered the Chicken Tikka Roll, and it came in a few minutes. Chicken was seasoned and cooked very well, though the large raw onion slices were a bit jarring. They gave me some free chai which was lovely! Fast, yummy, and fairly cheap- who could ask for more?
Indian food + Rolled up in flat bread + Egg + Meat + Other stuff, what's not to like.If I had my way, every cuisine would roll up all of their famous dishes in some sort of bread like roll and feed it to me.Sadly not all cuisines have capitalized on this yet, so I will stick with Kati Roll and pork bunsYou also always have to hand it to chain, no matter how small that can keep its white to Indian people ratio 1:20, then you know the food has to be good.Though the service was really slow, the food made up for it at least 5 foldI had an order of the Shrimp Masala roll and the Unda BeefFrom what I can recall from that fateful drunken night was that both were very filling, had all of my favorite Indian spices, had a good amount of meat and egg in them and during my hangover the next morning I wanted it again.For the size I think they were fairly priced, and very fillingNext goal, is to come back here fully sober, so I can try some of the other awesome looking combinations
I tried beef tiki roll and was pretty disappointed - meat was represented by couple pieces of gristle, and even if there was real meat, I couldn't feel the taste anyway because of amounts of spices. I don't mind spicy food, but until I still can feel taste of food.
Pretty good indian food. Interestingly put it in a roll. Very oily though. Limited seating but since it's a quick eat, there's fast turnaround.
Most disorganized kitchen I've ever seen in NYC. The staff were all yelling at each other and there was no sign of a kitchen manager.  I came early before the lunch crowd at 11:40 and was not busy (5 people ahead of me) and still waited more than 25 mins for my food. I only ordered the chicken tikka and paneer, not a lg order. Prolly won't come back since there are many other great lunch spots around, despite the great food reviews.
Amazing place to have great tools in NYC...authentic and no-frills place with good options. I always go for the under-chicen and add extra spice to it...just works for me. Its a small place and they don't accept AMEX.
The hype is definitely too high for this place. The food is good, but maybe it was over exaggerated to me how AMAZING it would be. Maybe I should have come after being drunk and I would have had a similar experience as the people who hype it up :P
Why go to any other fast food place when Kati Roll is an option? Well priced, fast service, and delicious! Make sure you get extra sauce... Wish there was one near us in the Palm Springs area!
Awesome place. Open till late at night. Close to the Times Square. Standard Service.Have tried almost all vegetarian options they have on the menu and all of them are pretty good. The vegetable kathi roll is a little sweet and less spicy. The chana masala roll is super spicy and reminds you of the chandni chowk :-).You can ask them to make the rolls spicier or request you green chilies (chopped) or just take the green chutney.Dont forget to try their masala chai. Pretty good
Being originally from Kolkata it was a delight to get a bite of these at NYC. We tried quite a few rolls and we felt the following about them:Shammi kabab roll - ok, the filling could have been better.Unda roll - good. Achari paneer roll - goodChana masala roll - goodAloo masala roll - goodAlthough anything of this sort at NYC is a bliss, but I felt they could improve upon the flour crust of the rolls. Also we bought extra green chutney and it was very watery, it should have been much more consistent and tasteful. That said, I would like to mention that we traveled over the Independence Day weekend and the extra rush could have contributed to the quality. In all, nice place and does deserve at-least a try.
I have been to this place quiet frequent and they do have some good rolls. Today my colleague and I went there for lunch to get some Kati Roll. When we walked in and stared at the menu on the wall  to decide what to get, we saw this pregnant roach crawling up the wall. After seeing that fat pregnant roach we decided to skip Kati. But before leaving, we noticed the Health Grade on the wall showed that their grades are still pending. I checked the NYC Restaurant Inspection Information website it does confirm that they have some violations. I won't be going back to this place anytime soon!
Ok, seriously what is wrong with you people who give this place 4 and 5 stars..... the food here is an abomination to indian food everywhere. it is simply tasteless. I have been to 2 TKCs and they both have delivered terrible food at extravagant costs.I have eaten everything on the menu there and lets be honest it all tastes the same!the pita used (all purpose flour) is almost always under cooked so it sticks to your teeth.For all dishes having unda the egg delivers no taste at all. The food is oily as a pornstarWhen you order any chicken item, there is barely any chicken in the roll. and bludgeoning the same point... TASTELESS.I have realized that the people who like the food here are the ones who have no idea about the intricacies of indian food. IT DOESN'T HAVE TO BE SPICY TO BE TASTY!
I really wanted to like this place more than I did, but the execution was not quite as great as the concept. Love the concept. Quick service, lots of choices, both vegetarian and non, great Indian flavors in an eat-on-the-run rolled flatbread. The flavors were not as bold as they were jumbled. I got two vegetarian rolls, I think the chana masala and mixed veggie. They tasted very similar, and the ingredients lost their individual flavors. They were also quite greasy and reduced to a bit of a mush.The place was extremely crowded, so maybe they were just working too quickly, and maybe I'd have a different impression if I hadn't gone during lunch rush. I'd probably be open to trying it again, but definitely during an off-hour.If you like to eat in, this isn't the greatest option. The dining room is tiny, crowded, and windowless. (That's not entirely outrageous, since I think the place is really meant to be carry-away.) All in all I think it's a great idea, but it could use some tweaking.
OH MY GOD AMAZING!!! The rolls are so juicy delicious!  I got the chicken tikka roll and the beef tikka roll.  Juicy and the spices were just right and the whole combination was just incredible!  I will put this place on my very short list of places I will go to for lunch often.
If you like Indian food, then you have to stop by Kati Roll! Basically, they put your favorite Indian food (in my case the chicken tikka and palak paneer) and wrap it up in a kati roll (a thinner, tortilla-like naan) to make a delectable Indian sandwich-roll. They have about 10 types of kati rolls you can chose from and you can get two for ~$10.This is a great place for lunch, but be warned-- the line + your order can take up to 15 minutes. They make your roll fresh, just for you, so that makes up for it.Bonus points for the Mango and Berry lasses to go!
Overhyped because there aren't many joints selling kaati rolls. The masala chai is a joke and the servers don't give a damn about the customers. If they are to survive they should get their act together
Fast turnover - most people order, grab and go.  At busy times still get good within 5 minutes. Good/uniquely presented food - nice presentation of Indian food not in plate-style, but all wraps.   They have most popular/traditional flavors/styles (Masala etc)  Have tried 2 different chicken, 1 lamb and the Tiger shrimp wraps. All good, but shrimp was best - flavorful and not dry - well sauced. One of the chicken wraps was on dry side. Friendly/professional staff. Real small fine-in area w/ handful of tables. Great value - can get 2 decent size wraps for ~ $10/12.
the food is delicious but don't even bother to try and order by phone. The person on the phone was really rude and puts you on interminable holds three times. When I commented on the long hold she said : we are really busy. As if I did not know. Like I care. Like I am not busy. Come on people. You can do better than that. Not everyone wants to spend 30 minutes of their break standing in line in your kitchen.
Came here just in time before they closed. The line is short for paying but the line waiting to get food is waaaiiitt too long. It took wait too longtime get the food. But it was worth it. We got the unda chicken rolls, beef rolls, and shrimp rolls, and they were DELICIOUS!
Grab a seat first and have your mate order the food..cuz you ve been warned it does get packed if you want to dine in. Best fast food aside from you Halal stands!This is comfort food for me :)They never joke with the spice -so if you have the palate for it- Go all the way!
The Kati rolls from here are good. I ordered the Beef Kati roll which was good. I didn't like the burnt pieces of beef but the seasoning made up for it. I would go back for the Chana Kati roll. It's a chickpea roll with blackened seasoning. That was delicious. I would go back just for that. The line is usually long during lunch. I take that as a good sign because the food has a high turnover and it's not just sitting there. I would recommend calling in your order if your are pressed for time during lunch.
Don't know why is this place so hyped! Did not like achari paneer roll or the aloo masala roll. Does not take cash! Another drawback!
While I was with a friend in Midtown, I was on a quest to try something new. Even though Midtown has all the fast food places imaginable I hoped that on this trip I would find a cheap and tasty place for food while trying something I've never had before. I don't think that this was it.While I was at The Kati Roll Company, I ordered the Chicken Tikka Roll ($5.00) and the Shrimp Masala Roll ($6.75). The Shrimp Masala Roll: The shrimp was fine even though there were considerably small pieces. The biggest problem with this roll was the mint chutney (yogurt). The flavor from the chutney was so strong that I wasn't able to taste anything else in the roll.The Chicken Tikka Roll: The chicken was cooked well and there were reasonable sized pieces. However, just like the shrimp masala roll, the flavor from the mint chutney was also overpowering. However, it wasn't as strong as the chutney in the shrimp masala roll and I was able to taste the red onions (which were quite good!)If you enjoy regular chicken tikka then this roll is perfect for you! However, I wouldn't recommend the shrimp masala roll. It is definitely not worth your $6.75. As for the establishment itself, there are bright orange walls with Bollywood posters and mis-matched tables. The tables are pretty small, they only seat two people. There is some trash scattered in random places. I recommend wiping the table with the moist towelettes, that are often left on the tables, before sitting down. Also, keep in mind that the rolls are quite small, about half the size of a regular burrito. You might have to get two or three to fill you up. Also, the lines can get pretty long during lunch time.
Chicken rolls were decent. Don't try the channa one though.
I visited Kati Roll company about four years ago for the first time and now it's my first go-to stop whenever I come back to visit NYC. The spices are just incredible and even though one singular roll seems less than filling from the outside, it is more than enough once you are done. My friend and I did have some trouble initially finding seats, but we didn't feel cramped and quite frankly felt a little cozy. Before you go to some really expensive Indian restaurant in the city, consider Kati Roll first. You won't be disappointed.
A great place to grab lunch. The price for two rolls is about $10 which is an appropriate amount for lunch. We tried the paneer, aloo, and the mixed veg. Of the three I would rank the aloo the absolute best, paneer is a close second, and the mixed veg is third but still finishes strong. They will also make the wraps spicy if requested. They differentiate the spicy ones by double wrapping them. We also tried the mango lassi and the masala chai. I think the chai is a little too thick for my liking and is not sweet enough, needs a touch of sugar and more spice. The mango lassi is wonderful, refreshing and tastes clean, not too sweet. Overall, great place for a quick bite that is filling and tastes great.
For some funny reason, almost all my family and friends who visit me in NYC try the Kati Roll Company and then become freakishly obsessed with it. I can see why. It's delicious, reasonably priced, fast and has the comfort of simple, familiar Indian food. While flashier Indian cuisine like garlic naan and tiger prawns and butter chicken tend to steal the show at most places, us Indians have a strong appreciation for fresh roti/chapathi, flavorful paneer and some onions/pickle to top it off.My favorite is the paneer tikka roll, but I've heard great things about the channa roll and the aloo roll. I've probably visited Kati Roll at least 10 times this summer with the influx of friends and family visiting, and I'm surprisingly not sick of it yet!
The wrap was not cooked evenly and parts of it were undercooked. The some of the chana inside were either not cooked thoroughly and/or was not soaked long enough before being cooked. Horrible.
This place is perfect for quick bite when you are in that area and want something spicy with Indian taste in a roll. I tried all rolls and it always taste good. Small place, fast service and food always good.
Nice food easy on pocket can carry off whenever u want to and the taste is nice tried the unda Shaami role and chicken roll where food to try
chicken tikka and achari paneer roll - pleasantly delectable, dainty mango lassi!
This place has gone downhill big time. This used to be my go-to spot as the food was great and the service fairly quick. That has changed over the past few months. The service is pathetically slow. All they do is take orders but they rarely produce food. It takes at least 20 minutes to get your order, every time, no matter how many people are waiting. And remember - this is mainly a to-go, "fast food" spot. They just don't care anymore. And the product has suffered big time as a result. Every thing I've had the past several visits was cold, under-cooked (literally was served raw chicken twice) and soggy from sitting around so long before being bagged for customers. I'm sad to say that this past mainstay in my lunch rotation is now officially out as one of my options. I won't go back.
I stop by sometime to pick up lunch while working and it never fails me. Do prepare to wait for while, especially if you are going for lunch but it'll be all worth it.  At first i was little skeptical of trying it as the one downtown is so good and i didn't want to be disappointed...but i am so glad i tried it. My go to roll is chicken tikka and it always taste amazing..the meat is very tender and paratha is always on point. Do recommend trying it.
Pretty solid fast fare. Can't say the flavors are that robust and rolls come off as a bit dry  (we had the chicken tikka and the aloo (potato)). BUT, super tasty and convenient. Would definitely come here for a snack
Visited this place as my friend recommended. We tried almost all the rolls on the limited menu. Definitely over prices, size of the roll is too small. Shrimp was not properly cooked and beef too.. All the rolls had a tangy taste. Definitely not worth the hype
Amazing rolls and worth the price!!! Tried the chicken tikka roll.. Worth the money spent!!!
Nice chicken tikka kathi roll,with authentic Indian taste. Channa masala was also good
I am a little sad. My lamb roll did not come with the egg as I had ordered it and it was a bit dry. It had good flavor though, along with my shrimp roll, which I would order again. This place gets a mixed review - the line was out the door but they were super efficient in getting orders out. But I still spent about 20-25 minutes waiting for my food. So after my10 minute walk there and back I was thinking it wasn't really worth the time I lost. I might try to get it delivered to work sometime in the future.
Great ambience and food.. Heard tamil songs, Hindi songs in a place after a long time..
Good, authentic food and prompt service; however, it wasn't a lot of food for the money that we paid. We spent~$5 per roll and it was the equivalent size of a $2 taco at Taco Bell.
I went to the one in the village and it was awful, and couldn't understand where all the good reviews came from.The Mid-town location was really good. I order the same thing as a point of reference and it was 100 times better.The meat was super tender and flavorful and the egg really came through. The other location was super dry and way too salty.I do think it's a bit pricey for what you get, but it's a good place to have near the office.Also tell them to make it spicy and ask for the hot peppers.
Delicious! Never had Indian food as a wrap, but it's really good. We had the chicken and shrimp, spices and flavors are so good. Has just a hint of heat, nothing too spicy. Would give 5 stars for the food alone, took off some just because they weren't paying attention and made two of our three wraps so we had to wait a bit.Also, the mango lassi is really good.
What I've Had: Chana Masala Roll, Chicken Tikka Roll & Mango LassiWould I go back?: YesStory: Came here with some of my colleagues during lunch. Every time i've passed this place during lunch hours theres a line out the door - luckily today it was raining so it seems like thats the secret to coming here - come early noon and on a rainy day. Service was super quick and we were able to sit down. Both rolls were good but I was expecting a little more punch in the flavor - it was a little mild for my indian palate. I'll be back though to try the others. Prices were really reasonable.
Good for a filling, but quick meal. My favorite is the spicy potato one by far. I haven't tried their lassi, but I've heard that it was delicious!
WOW..I never imagined Kati Rolls can get this tasty..The food is not expensive here..If you have not tried it out yet  go for it..
YUMMY! It can be pricey, since one roll averages at $5, and you'll need two to fill yourself up, but hey, its worth every cent! Its great how they have vegetarian and pescatarian options. I just love this place! Been here thrice in the last two weeks! Personal favorites are:Chana Masala Roll - seasoned chickpeas, very flavorful!Shrimp Masala Roll - grilled shrimp with pickled onions, reaaaally goodBeef Tikka Roll - I liked this more than the Chicken Tikka RollThe Achari Paneer was good too, but it was kinda dry, while the Grilled Chicken Tikka was a little too salty for me. I love this place and am so happy its just a few blocks from work. During lunchtime, its better to call and pick it up instead of walking over there. Only coz the line is usually extremely long! If they started delivering, I would definitely edit this review and give them a perfect 5-star rating!
The food was good and tasty. The portion could be bigger. Found a Kati roll from a good food cart has the place beat with taste, size and price.
This place introduced me to the concept of Kati Rolls, and are delicious affordable option for the mid town area.  I love watching the guy in the back frying up the fresh kati pancakes before rolling it up in various ingredients.  I typically go for dinner to save myself from the lunch crowds.
A must stop when I visit NYC. LOVE this place.
Excellent Kati rolls. The mixed veggie is on the sweeter side. Aloo is surprisingly good. Achari paneer and chicken is also pretty nicely done. The chai is also phenomenal.
What happened? The first time I had Kati roll Co, it was delicious, but the last 2 times I have been disappointed with the rolls. I ordered beef tikka and it was cold inside.  The bread was nice and toasty, but, the beef was ice cold as if it was scooped out from the fridge.   Since I had it to go for dining at my office desk, I didn't want to go back to complain about it. Perhaps I should order some other more popular rolls, but it's been too hit or miss for me.
Decent food. The people serving the food are rude. Not worth the hype. Would not go again
Food: 3.5 starsPrices: 2.5 starsService: 2 starsCome here only if you have more than an hour to spare. The line and wait are generally very long, and you don't get around that if you order Seamless because Kati Roll takes 40 minutes just to acknowledge your order - the only place where I've ever experienced that.The place really needs to get a better set-up for pick-ups and scale to the demand. When I realized I wouldn't be able to pick up my food for more than an hour, which cut into a work meeting, I called (four times) to ask to push the whole order back. The employee agreed to it, but my food was cold when I got it and no one was aware of my phone conversation. The manager was nonchalant about it and kept justifying it with "we're busy." Isn't that something you should plan for? On the upside, the female employee was friendly and offered me fresh rolls, but I was concerned about waiting even more.The food is pretty tasty. Big caveat: The green chutney adds most of the flavor. I recommend ordering one side of it per roll.
I've never had Kati rolls before, so don't have anything to compare too, but the lunch I had here was really tasty. The interior deco is unexpectedly interesting for a midtown lunch spot too. I had two vegetarian options - the mixed veggie one was memorably delicious while the chickpea one was just okay. Just one roll is prob not enough for a full meal, but two left me stuffed. The food came out a little slowly considering how uncrowded the place was, so might not be the best pick if you are crunched for time.
ive been eating here for the last 2 years so when there is a change in quality and service  it is obvious to me!Their roles used to be really good but past few times i feel like the paneer and aloo dont taste as good as they used to which sucks because i have waited about 25 minutes for my orders both times. i came around 6 pm or so - no rush- and the people at the counter are just standing instead of packing the rolls quickly or whatever even though there was nobody waiting in line to place the order. one time they even started having a meeting of some kind with cashiers which was extremely annoying because you could see the rolls were ready but they clearly prioritized a meeting over completing orders quickly. the service has been very disappointing the past few times. i just dont have the patience to wait 25 minutes for food when there is no rush.
This is flavor personified. Amazing Indian fast food. For those not familiar with it, Kati rolls  are similar to wraps, except they use Indian bread (roti or paratha). Kati roll is all they serve, and man do they serve it. It is a bit spicy for some palettes, so beware. I have had the shami kebab roll, the chicken tikka roll and another one I can't remember, they are all amazing.Decor is casual. Tables are very bare, no linens. Not meant for a fancy date, but might be ok for a cheap one ;) You can get two rolls for under $10. Enjoy!
My husband and I regularly enjoy eating Kati Roll. My personal favourite is the Unda Aloo Roll (egg and potato) and the Paneer Roll (Indian cheese roll). These are delicious contain your chosen ingredient with Indian chutney and salad in a chap to all rolled up. My husband loves the Chicken Tikka Roll. Plus they serve indian masala tea- what a treat. Anyone looking for a quick bite with a taste of India should visit Kati Roll.
Great quick spot for lunch if you work in Midtown and like Kati rolls - the fillings are so delicious! Don't be afraid of the salted mango lassi - it's actually still very sweet but it's flavored with rose water and has a hint of saltiness to it which makes it one of the best lassis I've ever had!
This place is bomb.com.  Very good, my only wish was that it was spicier! haha So if you like spice, make sure you ask them to make it spicy. :) Indian street food = yummm.  Think of this like a breakfast burrito stuffed with spicy indian chicken and other tasty flavors.  Unda Chicken and Unda Beef -- grilled tortilla stuffed with egg and chicken, egg and beff. Yum Yum Yum.  Love it. ~$10 for 2 rolls.
I have been eating at this place for over a decade now. It always hits the spot. My craving for warm paratha rolled with the chicken tikka and the warm paratha with the aloo are the ones that fulfill my belly! Also the masala chai is perfect!!
The food here is generally good, although a bit overpriced. The chicken is grilled very well and they have a number of meat and veggie options for the rolls. However, the lines here are long and disorganized and they need a more efficient system to get orders moving along. One thing I really did not like about this place is that they refused to give me tamarind sauce with my order when I requested it. The guy behind the counter told me the sauce was for the salad only and said this like tamarind sauce with salad was completely normal and wanting to eat it with anything else was just insane. This was the first I've even heard of people eating salad with tamarind sauce. I don't think this guy knew what he was talking about. Regardless, I even offered to pay extra for the tamarind sauce and he still would not give it to me. This happened on more than one occasion. I don't understand what this place's obsession with preserving their tamarind sauce is, but it's pretty stupid. They refuse to provide people with what is basically a condiment.
This place is OK! It's not the best Indian fast food in Manhattan but it is average.I got a Shami Kabab roll and it was very dry. The better ones are Achari Paneer and Aloo Masala roll. This place is convenient being close to Times square and if you have a late food craving. For the price it is not the best, i am an east indian and i can make better rolls than these!Would i be going here again? Hmmm probably not unless im really hungry and there is nothing else close by.
The most authentic kati roll I've had in a long time. This is good stuff at an extremely reasonable price. Freshly made without shortcuts (the roti, the chicken, the omelette that goes inside). I highly recommend it for a tasty and quick lunch or dinner.
I love the originality of this place. If you love Indian food and thought "I wish I could hold this in my hand" this is the place for you. Honestly it might not have been one of the first places I would try but my wife is more adventurous. One of the reasons I married her. I'm glad we came. Now if you want standard chicken tikka masala you won't find it here but if you want delicious Indian spices and flavors wrapped up in handmade flatbread then this is the place for you. We tried the chicken tikka roll, the aloo masala roll, and the shami kabab (lamb) roll. All were great.  Personally I loved the vegetarian aloo (potato) masala roll! And I am so not vegetarian. It was hot and spicy but in a good way - my nasal passages thanked me later. It was so good (and quick) I forgot to take pics of the food!
The vegetarian rolls were horrible. No taste at all. Avoid at all conditions. I tried Anda aloo, aloo masala, achari paneer. Chana masala was okay. Restroom was horrible.
I've been going to the 53rd Kati roll for quite some time, I will write a review here and there. Both places have a very busy customer line but this location was sampling out tiny shots of masala tea. The tea wasn't fancy at all, no spices in it, just simple chai and milk. Hmm, they need to try harder on that for sure if they want a following. As for the roll themselves, they deserve 5 stars of course. Juicy, kick in your mouth spicy but dies down quickly to taste the other spices. The naan is neat and not too buttery/oily. Highly recommend it
Ordered for a chicken Tikka roll but when I went home I realized that I was given paneer Tikka roll.
I've been to Kati about three times and each time has been different.  The first time I came weekday lunch (I do not recommend) and it was seriously crowded.  Their was a line out the door and only two cashiers.  I'm sure all the midtown workers flock over for lunch to take out even though all the tables were full pretty much.  We ended up taking our food to go and ate in Bryant Park. Kati co has a really long layout with tables in the front and back and cashier in the middle.  I'd say the prices are a little high but the food is good.I tried the paneer roll and the chicken tikka roll. The paneer was fantastic-- it had a great taste and texture with large cubes of cheese and spices.  The chicken tikka roll was not what I was expecting. I don't think I will order that one again.  It bore little resemblance in flavor profile to my favorite chicken tikka dishes.  The roll was pretty dry and didnm't have as much flavor as I wanted. Also the size of the rolls is a bit small.  I have a healthy appetite and to be truly full I think I would need 3-4 rolls to satisfy my hunger (which would run you about $20).  But 2 rolls would be a nice snack in between meals. The service isn't super fast so you will probably have to wait awhile for your order but they have good bottled soft drink options.The second time I went they were switching registers and/or training a new register employee and I had to literally wait for them to finish talking for 10 min before they would acknowledge me or anything like that.  Even then they almost took another customer before me except that person asked if I had been first. Super rude and unnecessary not to just explain to me or offer something other than a sad apology after the fact.  FYI this was not during the rush so not sure why it was still chaotic in there. Left feeling unsure about how I feel about their service while I still like the food.
It's a nice change of pace from the horrible midtown choices. Always very busy at lunch and the workers are frantic. There was drama with another poor customer who had waited over 20 mins for hers while the rest Of her Party couldn't wait any longer or theirs would be ice cold. My own order was wrong which I didn't realize until I got back to the office and opened it which was highly disappointing. They even read my order to me correctly as a quality check before they handed me the bag. Oh well! Can't waste time to walking all the way back to the madness of this location to exchange. The roll I didn't order included chickpeas that were way undercooked. What was even more disappointing was that this roll was cheaper than the one I ordered. I was looking forward to some paneer which is what I DID order. Hope they reply to the email I sent to their HQ, but so far no response.
Its a great concept using a chapati and rolling it in a curry. I tried their aloo masala kati roll and I got two of them. I really liked them and they were surprisingly pretty spicy. Although I got two, it just didnt fill me up. I would recommend these Kati rolls for snacks more so than a lunch or dinner. The ambiance of the place was very unique. It tried to show the streetsides of India with peeling of movie posters on a brick wall and they had pictures of Indian book designs on the wall as well. So, it was a design full of nostalgia and I really enjoyed it.
I stopped here to grab a quick lunch after visiting the New York Public Library. The shop itself is quaint, with Bollywood movie posters painted onto the brick walls. I got the aloo paratha roll, with masala chai. Good food overall.
The moment I walked into this location of Kati Roll, I started comparing it with it's other location in Greenwich Village. As compared to the one in village this place is very spacious. It has seating in the front and back and also has a restroom.I walked in here with my friend who loves kati rolls. The decor is similar the one in village with walls having big layouts from old bollywood movies. I tried the shrimp masala and my friend the one with paneer. Somehow I have always felt the rolls here miss that kick. I mean they are good but not exceptional. The staff as always behind the counter is not courteous. I guess I will stick to my usual place (thelewala) for my kati roll cravings.
Amazing rolls. Opens late on weekend. Shrimp was amazing. Size of the roll is small so you will need 2-3 min. Tried their mango lassi which was also amazing. Opens late
Found this place on Yelp while just passing by. First time having the Kati roll. Was excellent. Had a masala and ordered a couple more to go.
Excellent rolls, loved the taste, quite authentic. The seating is limited and hygiene a bit questionable.
Eh...I didn't see what all the fuss was about.  I had the chicken kati roll.  It was EXTREMELY greasy.  I normally don't mind a greasy meal (don't judge me), but this was even too much for me.I finished my rolls, but I doubt I will get anything from here again.  Kati junction on 40th is much better.
Our go to place for a quick bite to eat! Always delicious, I love the Unda, Aloo, and Paneer Kati rolls. The wait can be a bit long at times, but it is totally worth it. My husband used to work very close to here and pick up rolls all the time. They are perfection! For 5 bux, u can't beat it. I'm craving it right now as I write this review LOL! Yum :)!
If two items on the menu each offer a "twofer" for the same price, you should be able to combine one of each for the same price... but ya can't.Food is always delish, but service can be painfully slow.
These rolls are amazing.Shrimp roll... amazing..beef roll... amazing...potato roll... amazing.was a little disappointed with the lamb roll.  I like to have chunks of meat in there not all minced up like the lamb roll.should you put a layer of egg on it...? of course you should.Line will be out the door during lunch time so be prepared to wait 15 min for food.  It will be worth it.I suggest you order 3 rolls... or more.  and eat it there so it doesn't get cold.So flavorful and deliciousness!
Not bad for an evening snack. Fairly priced and pretty tasty! Glad they close at 11pm rather than earlier compared to some locations in the area.
Well luckily we came at a good time and the line was only to the door. It went pretty quickly. There was a giant menu on the wall to help decide while we waited. When I got to the counter ready to spit out my order in a hurry, I was caught off guard when the cashier asked how I was doing today. I think it was the first place after 5 days in New York that anyone asked how I was doing. He took our order and the transaction was pleasant and easy. We only waited about 10 minutes despite it being their lunch rush. It was also nice to be able to see them making the food. Always a sense of comfort in that. Anyhoo, we ordered a chicken tikka roll, mixed-veggie roll, and unda shami roll. The meat rolls were both exceptional and I'd highly recommend them. The chicken was cooked perfectly and very flavorful. It had just enough spice for a wimp like me. The veggie roll was good but I would have preferred a more homogenous blend of veggies since it was a bit heavy on mashed beets. Though very tasty, just not my favorite.  They give you wipes for after your meal, which is a nice touch. Plus they are located very near Bryant Park and it makes for a lovely lunch spot in Manhattan.
Had been a regular since many yrs and every time I visit NYC. ordered panner lamb and chicken rollls. They were so good had to take a to go. Tea was good too.
Reasonable price for amazing kati rolls! Hint: try the masala shrimp.. its my fav
Had a lamb roll and mixed veggie roll,  couldnt even tell which is which bacause the lamb one had so little meat that it tasted more like a falafel, and i thought it was the "veggie croquette".  It took me to finish up almost half to realize its actually meat.....  The rotis were sloppy and crumbling and i cant taste any peanut in the veggie one... The mango lassis was the only highlight of this trip, its a fruit flavored yogurt which was pretty refreshing after the oily wierd texture roti. It used to be much better, quoted my hus.
Love this place. Its a NYC late night staple - and so yummy for lunch if you're craving quick indian. My favorite is the Aloo, and the chicken one. The Paneer roll is pretty delish as well. There are many places that try to rip off the kati roll flavor, but none succeed.
They are worst, especially the lady at reception. Very rude, arrogant and unwelcoming. Today, after a tiring day, when we visited their place, they had placed a sign in the door 'sorry we are closed' in the lightest of color they could find. We obviously didn't see it. But, when we entered the lady yelled at us, "don't you see the sign written sorry we are closed?" And on top of that another fat waitress next to her started laughing at her comment, encouraging her co-worker for the arrogant comment. We are never coming back!!
I came here for brunch when I heard it's really good. I ordered the shami kabob (which is lamb) roll (#11 on the menu). The wait was long and very few tables. I did not like my food. I thought it was nothing special and dry. Hubby thought my homemade ones are much better. For whole roll is $10.25 which is way overpriced in my opinion. I would pay the most $5. Not returning.
Delicious rolls but AWFUL wait and service - the cashier, Scott, did nothing but bark and me, the other customers, and the poor guy in charge of calling people's numbers/handing out orders.  With waiting in line, and then waiting for my order it took a full 30 minutes until I had my rolls.  also you have to order two rolls for it to be a meal
Pretty good. I first tried this place a few years ago when visiting NY ( not sure if it was this location or another). My parents are both originally from Bombay and said these were pretty authentic. I wasn't particularly impressed and didn't hurry to come back once I moved to the east coast. Recently, one of my friends suggested meeting here for dinner. I actually liked the Kati Rolls this time. I had one with paneer and another with chicken. Both were pretty good. Although I asked for them to be mild, I still found them to be a little spicy but that is probably just my intolerance to spicy stuff more than anything else. I think it should be fine for most people. The rolls take a little time to come out and you can see them rolling each one so they appear to be pretty fresh. The paratha that the filling is inside is really good. Not a whole lot of seating but around dinner time on a Friday, we were still able to get a table. I think it gets a bit crowded later as they are open late.
An old favorite, typically get chicken, potato, and lamb.One good for a snack, two make a meal. We rarely add the egg. The wrap is a bit heavy, but tasty. Fillings pretty consistent. Lamb was a bit dry last time.Great spot off the beaten path in midtown.
Went here last night for some Kati rolls. The place was pretty crowded, always a good sign. We got the chicken tikka rolls and paneer achari roll. The chicken tikka rolls were delicious! The chicken was well marinated, well spiced, and well done. Loved it. The paneer roll was meh, to say the least. It lacked the flavor I'd expect from paneer achari. Their bottled mango lassi was great! Will definitely be back for some more of those chicken rolls.
The closest to Indian kathi roll you can find in Manhattan. Spicy and full of flavors. It's a great place to go and fill your tummy after a night out of drinking and when u are craving for Indian street food. Highly recommended...
Have been there at least 3 times now and will definitely be going back every time I visit NYC. I love love loveeeee the UNDA CHICKEN ROLL. It is soooo tasty! Don't need to add any chutneys or sauces to it. It's perfect.. Ah now I want some!!! I usually get the mango lassi as well. Yum!! My veggies friends said that the aloo roll is to die for as well. Will definitely be try that as well. Also, for those who don't like maida, you can order wheat rolls.
The rolls was yum ... For a quick bite this place is good for eating.. We where hunting for a good Indian fast food in New YorkCity and this is it..!We got chicken Kati roll and paneer Kati roll we misses to take a picture as we were so hungry to grab nd just eat one...
Finding myself a bit north of Herald Square recently around lunch time, I racked my brain (i.e.; pulled up Yelp) to find something quick to eat; Kati Roll was NOT that place. As soon as I walked by, I remembered from years back how long the lunch lines were, so I put it in the back of my mind for another day.  A week later, I had some time to kill after work before heading to an event down in Brooklyn and had a craving for anything Indian (which seems to be a pretty common craving these days; Indian food is one of the most diverse, interesting cuisines out there to me, but I digress...), so I stopped in around 6PM for a bite to eat.Lots of reviews mention the wait time here, whether it be at lunch time, dinner time, or post-drinking time; this review is not one of them.  Luckily, 6PM on a Wednesday night appears to be a rare lull where you can walk right up to the counter and order right away.  With several people waiting for their orders already, I'd say it took maybe five minutes to get my food, which seems to be best possible scenario there.  The service is extremely friendly and polite,  asking if its your first time and offering suggestions/explaining things if it is.  Good, polite service always gets points in my book.As for the food itself, I got two rolls, which I think is the perfect amount of food for your average person.  The Aloo Masala roll is very well balanced and perfectly captures a lot of the qualities in Indian food that I love - definitely five stars for this roll.  The Chicken Tikka roll was not quite as good, but still tasty enough.  While the chicken itself was well marinated and juicy, the complex flavors present in the Aloo Masala roll just weren't there.  One last note on the food - spare the extra 25 cents and get the cilantro-based chutney; it adds the perfect amount of spice and compliments the other flavors very well.If you're willing to put up with the wait or ok with waiting until a period where they're not super busy, Kati Roll is worth it.
Best ever Kathi Roll. Eat All Veg. kathi roll. it was superb !!!!! Thank you for a great food.
So, the rolls are great. You may not find your fav at first try so give the other varieties a shot. The lamb rocks. The chana rocks. You get a good indian flavor in a simple to eat roll. Well done. But....The place if filthy. I mean gross. The floor is gross, the chairs are gross, the table tops are gross at times. What the hell?
Kati Roll wad a good place to go and eat with a group of friends I enjoyed there sikh kebab roll and salad. I definetly think it's a good place if you need to eat Indian street food.
Descent, cheap and fast lunch or dinner if you don't mind tasty, unhealthy, greasy food! . It's a small dining room so it may get crowded at times ?
Excellent rolls great for snacking or meals. Good variety of meat and meatless rolls. I would highly recommend the goat roll with super moist and spiced goat meat.
I haven't had Kati rolls for at least 4 years. They were too greasy in my memories to return for a second visit. I came across Kati rolls again at a private event which offered 4 of their signature rolls to guests. I, of course, took advantage and sampled all 4 of them: Tikka chicken, beef, chickpeas, and potatoes. I found both the chicken and beef to be incredibly dry. The chickpeas were a bit hard/stale? Which left the potato as the best option. The roti skin had harden by the time they were served. I ended up ripping off most of the edges off since they were near impossible to eat (unless you enjoy scratching up the roof of your mouth). As mentioned by other yelpers, the rolls are leaning more on the small portion side. Definitely need at least two to feel anywhere near "satisfied". Don't know if they offer sauces since our catering order didn't come with any - but it would had been nice if they were served with tamarind sauce. Overall - I would eat them again if free.
Called at 4.30 and the lady did not take my order. Asked me to go online and order. Online did not have all the items. Could hear her telling her colleague that she is leaving at 5 and cannot take a pickup order. Seriously? Always like the rolls though.
Waited ~30 minutes for something that I finished eating in less than 2 minutes. Kitchen appeared to be way understaffed for the volume. They took the double roll combo options away. Sure, price was still cheap. However, the portion wasn't really that great and the quality seemed to have taken a dip since the last couple times I went.
kati rolls are tough to get right. They can border on too oily, too much onion, too dry -it is a tough world out there!I chanced upon this place on a trip to Bryant Park. The variety is good and staff is friendly. The food is served quickly and is easy to eat while walking around. The chicken tikka was well marinated but the roti (bread) was on the oilier side. They give you the option of buying mint chutney for $1 but I wish the roll wasn't as dry to begin with. The good thing though was that the place satisfied my roll craving but I did miss the one I grew up in New Delhi - whole wheat bread, lots of veggies, and bursting with flavour.
Delicious and cheap! Two rolls can set you up! The tikka chicken and beef are the best!
Got the beef and lamb rolls with the masala chai. The masala chai was super bland and would not recommend. The flavor of the meat was pretty solid, but the paratha bread was Ah-mazing. However, the rolls were both super dry...without the chutney mentioned in previous reviews because we didn't bother reading the reviews after seeing the 4 star rating with 1000+ reviews.If you're in the area and are in search of cheap good food, give this place a go but Def get their chutney. Though I'm not sure how good their chutney. Otherwise expect flavorful but Extremely dry meat packed in fresh bread!The tables in the back are very limited (4-5 small tables?) so I can see this place being super packed during busy hours given the central location.
Really good rolls. Line is a bit long, but goes really fast. Decoration in the place is fun with images from bollywood, great to grab and go but also to eat there if you want.
Meh!  That's the new emoji movie and it truly reflects what this Kati roll place is about.I make way way better Kati rolls at home and I am from Kolkatta.  I know what Kati roll is and how it should be made.Having said that it's not terrible and customer service is good.  Prices are reasonable.Meh!
When Indian food is on your mind, this is the place to go. I came from out of town, found this place and was not disappointed. Don't let the long line keep you away. It's worth the wait.
I went in about dinner time on a weekday and there was no one in line. However, it took them a while to get to me. I ordered two chicken tikka rolls, which were better than I had expected! I really appreciated the bag with the lined foil on the inside to keep the food warm. It also took an abnormal amount of time for the food to come out even though I was the only one waiting.
Sad to say this place has gone downhill. Used to be one of my favorites in New York. Lately operations have been really bad - major bottleneck with packing the rolls so they end up sitting out in the open for a while while people crowd around the counter waiting. Mine was soggy and the onions definitely aerated by the time I got it in hand and ate it (at the restaurant). Sad to see this happen to a place that used to be popping!
Good, simple concept.  We enjoyed the Chana masala, chicken, and shami lamb.  They were all enjoyable, but I wouldn't get the shami kebab again...I didn't realize it was minced meat and it just kind of was mashed together.  All else was delicious.  Nothing was very spicy so we got the extra chilies and chutney.  We each had two rolls and shared a mango lassi.  Dinner for $35 in NYC...very reasonably priced.  We will be back!
This was by far the worst lunch experience I had since working in the area (been here a while). Forget that the food was awful (threw that  right in the trash)... the customer service is even worse. I ordered two rolls - one chicken, one beef. So far so good. After waiting for 20+ mins I walked up to them to have them tell me there's no beef. Smh - had I known from the start I wouldn't have ordered it. No information and I would have at least given them another chance had the wait been worth it. P.s. talked to a coworker who got food poisoning there the last time she ate here. So yes definitely not coming back. I hate leaving negative reviews but wow does this place deserve it
Tried 4 types of rolls - chicken, aalloo, anda and paneer. Chicken and aalloo rolls were with perfect salt and spice level. Anda and paneer rolls were blend, no taste and were oily. Still a good place to go and try their rolls.
The hype has been so real for this place. Been living in the city for quite some time.but never got around to trying this spot until recently. The food was just Okay. It's honestly just some chicken rolled in some roti. Mango lassi wasn't as good as expected and the line was so long. It took about 25 minutes for us to get the food. Prices aren't bad and I'd probably go if I'm in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
Omg obsessed!!! I loved the chickpea roll (I forget the name) it was AMAZING!! Super flavorful- oh and one was more than enough for me. Perfect serving, actually.
Omg. Had the Kati roll two times in the same day when I visited New York!! This place is DELICIOUS!
Great choices they are always crowded which tells me their food is appreciated. I had goat masho kati roll and paneer kati roll both tasted great. But if you eat goat then you SHOULD try goat masho and you will fall in love with this place. It's not over priced either
Went last night and got #3 Spicy Potato w/ egg. Would give 5 stars if not for the wait. If you're Taiwanese looking at this place and thinking "that looks like daan bing with stuffing" ...you're right taste just like it except with Indian spices.
Came back after 2 years maybe, mouth watering street food from indian hydrebadi cuisine. Nothing much have changed to this place and it was good to see the authencity of the place and food. Somehow, I think the place needs some paint again and maybe somenew movie poster.
Delicious Indian burritos! I had chicken tikka and a mango lassi. Tasty chicken, love the wrap. Quick filling lunch. Mango lassi comes in a little bottle and it was great.
Good for a late night meal.If you are comparing it to the ghariahat rolls of kolkata you will be a bit disappointed.But overall,satisfactory and not too spicy bcos I guess they are reaching out to the tourist's palate as well.
Yes. Just yes.My friends and I arrived at the tail end of lunch hour and the line was out the door. Luckily we weren't in a hurry so we had no problem waiting. I was impressed with the workers' efficiency. The entire time I was here, there was a never-ending stream of hungry office workers of all shapes and sizes, and no one had to wait more than 10 minutes for their delicious kati roll(s).Prices are generally $5-6 for one roll with a slight discount if you buy two. The roll is more of a snack than a meal so it's a little pricier than I would like, but pair it with a mango lassi for $4 and your stomach will be purring for the next few hours (unless you get food poisoning somehow; in that case, sorry).I started with a chicken tikka roll and mango lassi. Flavorful, juicy chunks of chicken perfectly paired with Indian spices wrapped up neatly in a roll. If it's your first visit, get this!! It was a little spicy but the yogurt in the mango lassi helped neutralize the burn. I was still hungry so I got another one, the shami kabab roll. This had minced lamb with lentil croquette and spices. I think it had more flavor than the chicken (since it was minced) but I would have preferred a more solid bite. Still good, still worth trying.This place is also much larger than the one on 53rd street. Plus the cooks take the time to say hello! I love this place.
So I just discovered this place and was really excited to try their food.  My first experience was great!  I had the Unda Aloo roll and the Chicken Tikka roll.  I would agree with everyone that one is not enough but two are is just a little too much.   The chicken tikka roll was just a little dry but the flavor was great.  It would be nice if they offered a sauce on the side as an option.  The service was a little slow but the staff was really working hard and very nice.I went back again today with a friend from work and although the food was good the experience...not so much.  We got there early knowing that it was a little slow.  There were about six people waiting.  The manage/owner was barking about where the rest of his delivery order was, as the line got longer and longer.  20 minutes later I finally said something and his response to me was that they received a large order and that we'd have to be patient.  He was nice about it but I was stunned.  He had the staff filling catering and pick up orders before serving the people that were in the restaurant.  The staff was great under pressure as nearly 30 people were without their food.   As the manager left to make his delivery he screamed "ok guys, I'll be back, use your best judgement!".  Meanwhile 35 minutes had passed when I finally got my food.  Again, the staff was great just.  The cashier gave me a helpful hint to order ahead.  She was very sweet as were all of the other people working to accommodate.  The problem is the leadership and the unorganized manner in which they were filling orders.  If you can't handle a catering order without serving the people in your to restaurant in a timely manner then you shouldn't offer it as a service.I would like to return but I don't have that much time on my hands.  If I crave it maybe I'll order ahead.  But who knows if that will speed up the process.I'm giving 4 stars for food, 4 stars to the staff, and 1 star for the lack of organization and leadership.
It is a nice hangout for a fast-food. Very-cheap too just like a sub-way sandwich. $6 each. I would like to see some more varieties with different sauces and chutneys. And cleanliness is one important part of this restaurant, which needs some attention.
Had the unda beef roll and my cousin had the masala roll. Generous portions even for the meat. The chutney was the right kind of spicy and the beef was tender. The bread was thin and crispy.Not really for a meal you can enjoy leisurely while sitting down but great for a quick chow down and snack.
Amazing and worth the lunch rush line. The rolls are hearty and one fills me up (although I see most people ordering 2). I haven't tasted anything that isn't spectacular on the menu and the staff are always friendly even when it gets hectic. You must go.
The Shrimp Roll was excellent! Nice and spicy. Highly recommended. The Lamb Roll was OK and the Potato Roll (Unda Aloo Roll) was good. Make sure to order at least two rolls for yourself in order to fill up. Cheap and delicious food with cheap beer! Don't expect a nice dining room - just a few tables scattered around that aren't cleaned after each person.If you are in a rush or want something cheap and easy - go here.
This is a very busy place, especially for lunchtime. So calling ahead and ordering always helps. I've been here several times during my lunchtime adventures and it's always awesome deliciousness in my mouth!The chicken tika roll is all mighty and has a lot of spice and flavor. A bit spicy for most.
Coming from Kolkata roll street food corner, rolls are dry dry dry.... they gotta improve it.
Take a fluffier tortilla like flatbread cooked on a flattop grill with a splash of oil to make it crispy, add a spicy kebab, quick pickled onions, cilantro and green mint chutney, roll this whole thing up and put it back on the griddle to crisp it up...and you have the makings of yet another tasty thing in tube form!  This time Indian/Pakistani/Bangladeshi.  This place is not the best kati roll I have ever had in my life, but it is pretty darn good.  When they are not crazy busy, they do a better job of crisping up the outside.  Add an egg to the roll before the fillings and you have the makings of a ridiculously good bite : imagine your first bite of the crispy outside of the luchi (the bread), then the softness of the egg, flowing into the meaty-spiciness of the kebab, a crisp onion intermingling its way into that bite, and everything brightened up by the mint and cilantro!  On occasion the chicken has been overcooked and the vegetable patty has been gritty, but overall, my favorite place for a hearty snack or post GingerMan snack!Go right now and get one...you and your taste buds will thank me.  Oh and they have a pretty decent mango lassi if you want something to cool your tastebuds...
Amazing place for quick bites. Service is awesome. Seating is averaging average. Lots Of options for veg and non-veg
I'm giving a 1 star based solely on customer service.  Been frequenting Kati Rolls for the past year without any issues until tonight.  Food was still good, but the disrespectful cashier ruined my night time snack.
Pls be aware!! Their wooden benches have bugs as I sat down for 5 mins and I started itching so bad and got some bad rashes!! The health department needs to tane some action.I am not the only one who had this issue. I looked for reviews and found other people with the same issue.
Super Salty food. It smells great but for a $12 lunch for two rolls this is not worth it at all.
please forgive the lack of caps... trying out the mobile yelp review process for the first time.having lived with an Indian roommate for two years, I found my taste for Indian food blossoming. dosas, paneer, roti, chana masala... all of it delicious and easily compatible with my taste buds which have already been decimated by a lifetime of Korean spice.then you have kati roll, the fast food version of Indian food. they literally take your Indian meal, wrap it up in a naan/roti type bread, hand it off to you and off you go. genius really, especially in a city that is so well known for being on the go.warning: your breath is most definitely going to kick from the garlic and Indian spice, but the pleasant kind... like after you just ate... Indian... food?I've tried the standards: chicken tikka, beef tikka, achari paneer, and shami kebab (lamb). today, I have the shami kebab, and I regret nothing.
I'd never encountered a kati roll before discovering the Kati Roll Company, but the general concept is Indian cuisine meets street tacos. This is one of my favorite go to places when visiting NY on business, as all of the options on their menu are incredibly flavorful. Each curry is very distinct and the texture and flavor of all their offerings at least suggests they take a lot of pride in using quality ingredients. If you like Indian cuisine, this place is definitely worth checking out.  My only criticism is that I wish they offered sides or options other than kati rolls, and their mango lassi and chutney is sometimes a little watery.
Fast, easy, reasonable prices and, most importantly,  delicious! I had the paneer and chicken tikka rolls, a good balance of a bit spicy and mellow. The organic salad was fresh and interesting with bits of mango, raisins, bell peppers, and lots more...the cilantro-lime dressing was recommended for a reason.
Kati Roll was recommended by a lovely Indian couple we met in a rooftop bar. Kati Roll is an Indian fast food bar, its busy and its open until 4am.... for city living Kati Roll is perfect. They have a selection of Indian treats served in wraps. I can't really write too much about somewhere I only spent 20minutes, but they were a good 20 minutes. The wraps we had were divine. They were full of flavour and served up quickly with a cold Kingfisher. This is not only a late night fast food joint this is great for those nights when a full on sit down meal is just too much !! anexpatwife.com/the-rest…
Very good spot neat BryantPark.. Crowd of people at Lunch time but very quick service and tasty rolls
Good fast lunch in midtown. The line can be long, but moves quickly. Don't plan to sit, there's never room and the rolls travel well. Go eat in Bryant Park. The mixed veggie roll and chicken tikka are both really good.Good level of spice (for NYC, which I generally find a little bland). They'll make it spicier if you ask. Get two rolls (three if you're a big eater). I eat very small portions and usually want more than one roll to fill me up. It's about $5/roll.
I really liked visiting this semi-Indian joint in the center of a hustling bustling city. Since we visited during lunch time it seemed too crowded but we still wanted to try the rolls out so we stood in the line.. And as a matter of fact, these guys were pretty good about their process control so there was not much of a wait.About the food, I will say we were not at all disappointed. Although, it was good but not great. They  also offer various healthy roll options too and the prices are also on a lower end.So it's a must try!
This is a definitely a place worth trying. Each role is made fresh to order. Very reasonably priced at $5.50 Each. The place is small with limited seating, but you will find yourself seated. There is a quick line to order, but you have to wait 10-20 minutes to get your order made. Do ask for mango lassi, it's great! Overall: I will surely recommend the place. I tried the chicken Shish kabob rolls and the minced meat rolls, loved the kabob more
This place is pretty damn good. I orders need roll and chicken roll, chicken was little bit dru but I recommend beef roll juicy tender and full of flavors.
Coming from a 'city' that has a total of 6 Indian restaurants, "Indian Food" was at the top of my activity list for my weekend in NY.  Came here for lunch, and it hit the spot.  Everything is served as a wrap, and tasted wonderful.  A bit spicy, but not hot - ask about the intensity of different rolls if you're sensitive to heat.You definitely need 2 rolls, so it's not super cheap, but I didn't think it was expensive for NY, either.  Tried the chai, and it was good.Be aware that seating is limited, and the front section will be a bit chilly due to the door.
I find 1 Kati roll is not enough and 2 is too much. So I like to go with a friend and split 3 rolls. I get their veg rolls - all are delicious. How can you go wrong with yummy Indian food wrapped in a paratha? They have a noon lunch rush at this location (near the NYPL) but if you go earlier or later, you can score a table and sit for as long as you want (it's got nice wood ambience).
I've only visited once before visiting the city for a show, but man...I can't stop thinking about Kati Roll.The food is cheap, fresh, and crazy tasty.  Think Indian burrito.  Excellent flavors, vegetarian options, super portable, and it hits the sweet spot between snack and meal.  The rolls are a bit greasy, making KRC a perfect treat late night after a couple drinks.  Here's hoping a Kati Roll opens in Philly!
Absolutely amazing! I had the paneer, chicken tikka and shrimp. The chicken tikka had the best flavor and was really moist. I also recommend the 25 cent side of chutney. The mango lassi was good but not to die for like the food. I travel to NyC and will come here regularly. Two rollsight be enough for two people but as a thirty year old male, three was the perfect amount.
This is a must try! It's Indian wraps of love. The wrap itself is so buttery and flaky that you can't help but want more. I've had the tikka chicken, tiger shrimp and paneer rolls. They are so perfectly spiced and the chicken is slightly spicy which gives you a nice little kick in the back of your throat. I personally love the vegetarian options here and this means a lot coming from such a meat lover.  The cauliflower wrap is also great.  You should definitely come grab some rolls and go over to Bryant park to enjoy your meal with some greenery.
Shrimp masala roll and chicken roll - too good and fresh. The chai is like Indian chai what most of us crave for.
This is one of the few lunch spots near work I really enjoy. Those tiny rolls are so packed with flavor; it's insane! I've had the Unda Chicken, Unda Beef, and Shami Kabab rolls. The Shami kabob isn't that great compared to the other 2. I really need to try the Unda Aloo next time. It's a pity they're as small as they are. Also, as tasty as they are, they can be a bit salty so I'd recommend a drink to wash that kati goodness down. Luckily, they sell mango lassi. Umm, yes please.
Good place that serves fresh kathi rolls with the traditional flavors. The rolls do not match up to Kolkata's standards but they do come close. This is the first time I had kathi rolls that tasted good and reminded me of Kolkata's kathi roll outlets. The paneer roll is pretty good that I would recommend. the place is quaint and pretty, has a nice desi feel to it. Not a lot of place to sit, so be prepared to do a takeout and eat elsewhere...definitely a must try in NY
Everyone I talked to told me I had to try their Kati Rolls, however I was not impressed. Service was not great & the roll itself was very dry and tasteless. I got the paneer roll and the paneer was not flavorful, spices were lacking and there wasn't enough sauce. I would ask for extra sauce on the side. Also make sure you keep cash on you, they do not take card for any purchases under 10 dollars I believe. If I'm in NY again I would maybe give this place another try, but not on the top of my list for places to eat.
This place was delicious. Super tasty. Loved it.  I can't find anything bad to say. Oh....our table wobbled.
Oh my lord, is this place amazing! I typically don't eat a lot of Indian food as most places in the city are okay with a few outstanding exceptions like Devi. But this place....well, I just found a new favorite lunch spot!You can beat the prices; $5-6 for one roll and a discounted price for 2. I had the chicken tikka roll and it was out of this world!!! I'm definitely coming back for more!
I had heard a lot about this place and decided to check it out. To me it was mediocre. Beef was dry, chicken Tikka was tough and shrimp was chewy. This an ok place to get a quick bite.
I tried lassi, paneer roll and chana masala roll.I'd say paneer roll was mediocre but chana masala roll and lassi was awesome. Will definitely go back.
Having moved away from NY, it's spots like this I most: flavorful, fresh food, served quickly -- and cheap! (~$5 each, but if you have any appetite you'll want two for a slight discount) We tried the paneer, veggie and the chicken tikkka wraps, and they were all tasty. And the wrap itself was flavorful and had a great texture. The staff was friendly and expeditious, to boot. What's not to love?
The Kati Roll Company serves up savory crepe-like pancakes filled with your choice of meat, eggs, paneer or vegetables; it is cheap and positively delicious! I can't say that I have a favorite... one is even better than the next. Yet, I really do enjoy the Shami Kebab and the Achari Paneer Roll is also divine. After following the lead of an Indian friend who first introduced me to the Kati Roll Company, I always ask for 'extra spice' on my Kati Roll. Beware, the midtown location fills up wildly from about noon until 2:30 PM. However, even at its busiest, the service is fast and the food is still delicious but there is no chance you will be able to find a seat to eat inside at this time. My suggestion, if the weather is nice, take it to go and eat at Bryant Park.As others reviewers have also noted, just one roll will leave you hungry; two rolls make a meal.
Had the Unda and Chicken Tikka which were great but the star was the hot Masala chai tea. Good stuff.
The food was good and vegetarian friendly and not expensive. The service was okay. Nice environment to sit down and relax.
YUMM... really good Indian food. My friend and I ordered #8 (unda chicken roll) and #12 (with lamb I believe). I loved the unda chicken roll - very flavorful. It reminded me of a breakfast burrito, but Indian-style. Highly recommend this place if you are looking for a quick snack.
Had an intense craving for kathi rolls yesterday and found this place! Very excited to have the rolls here. Value for money. Quick service. Will go back there for more.
Probably one of my newest lunch spots to hit up!If you've never had a kati roll, then you're missing out on a true delight.  Imagine your favorite flavor packed protein with grilled onions and indian spices wrapped in a light yet tasty wrap.  That's exactly what you get from this place.I've tried their Chicken Tikka, Grilled Tiger Shrimp and Beef Tikka wraps.  All were very delicious and perfectly spiced.  You can also request additional hot peppers on the side if you need that extra kick but this was already plentiful for me.  I'd always go for two for a complete meal or one for just a snack to go.  Beware of the long lines during peak lunch hours as it will easily run through the door outside.  Oh and they do not accept AMEX but Visa and MC are welcome.
Delicious stuff and worth the wait in a line. Basically Indian rolls, think souvlaki except made with Indian flatbread and filled with things like chicken tikka or aloo masala- plus also less greasy. It was super yum! Plus- most were two rolls for 10! Good value.
A little pricey. Also, my vegetarian rolls were filled with way too many purple onions. I also thought the rolls needed a little more spice. Service was not very friendly and had to wait on line for about 10 minutes, but its midtown at lunch time so thats to be expected.
I've been to this location a couple times, and I don't know what it is, but the rolls really don't taste the same as the downtown location. Don't get me wrong, I will absolutely eat a kati roll from either place. They are still very good and moderately filling regardless. Paneer and Chana Masala are my go-to! Super duper yummy. Nom nom. It was nice to see they have mango lassi for sale. I never noticed that before.
So what if the kati rolls have gotten smaller since I first ate here 4 years ago.. and what if sometimes, on a busy evening (or late night) you end up with a not so well toasted wrap..kati roll is still on my 'must go' spots when I am in New York. The tea is way better now than it used to be.Personal favorite - unda chicken (egg n chicken) roll!The achari paneer (it's not too salty sour as the name suggests, achaar means pickle) roll is good if you are a veggie.The aloo (potato) roll is for you, well, only if you really don't want anything else they have to offer on their menu.If there's more than one of you, one of you ought to scoot off to grab the first empty seat and stake claim to the next available empty spot while the other should waste no time in staying put in the line to place your order. Mind you, you might wanna look up the 2 kati rolls for discounted $$ (if you are hungry, 2 is a breeze).Words of wisdom -When the first yummy bite just beckons you to go on without a pause, pray pay heed to the possibility that you might end up with some of those juices from the wrap flowing out onto your plate.If you are sharing, do remember to ask for an extra plate.So long then...bon appétit :)
Roti, a South Asian bread made from unleavened stone-ground whole meal flour, still falls under unfamiliar territory for most New Yorkers. The flat bread is a common accompaniment to curries and vegetable dishes and is most commonly consumed in South Asia and the West Indies or Southern Caribbean. It is also commonly served as a roti roll or wrap with various meat and vegetable fillings. While it has always been popular among South Asian and West Indian communities in New York it only broke through the mainstream food craze after the arrival of the Kati Roll Company in 2002.Kati Roll opened its first store in Greenwich Village but now also has a Midtown location where on a regular weekday you'll find countless Midtown office lunchers lining up for the freshly prepared Kati Roll. Here the rolls are made using either the roti or the paratha variation, a thin, somewhat flaky flat bread, and filled with a variety of ingredients marinated in Indian spices. The beef tikka roll, beef cubes marinated in spices and yogurt, and the unda aloo roll, spicy potatoes and eggs, are both very popular. Prices range from $3.50-$6.75 a piece or $6-$12.50 for two rolls.
So good and open late. I love every kati roll I've ever tried here. My only complaint is that sometimes the onions are too thick and overwhelming.
Yes, I was quite drunk when I came in here. However, my senses are normally far more acute than those of a normal man, so my impaired condition merely lowered them to somewhere slightly above your pathetic level. As such, you may trust my three observations implicitly:1. There is a beautiful girl that stands by the door. However, when you speak to her, if she is intimidated by your good looks, she has the ability to morph into a garbage can. 2. The food is fairly cheap, and very tasty. We ordered chicken tikka rolls (2 for $9), and achari paneer rolls. I thoroughly enjoyed both types, and I'm sure it had nothing to do with the excessive amounts of alcohol imbibed earlier.3. The service is fairly poor, and very surly. The staff is not even interested in offering the bare minimum of civility, but they did prepare our food swiftly. However, one person in our party asked for her roll to be less spicy, and after agreeing, I'm fairly sure the counterman made hers much spicier out of spite. But since she couldn't eat it, that just meant that I got to eat it. So I suppose you could say the service is excellent.
The reason why I like Kati Roll Company:- The rolls are not as oily as the rolls that are sold at the cart- more varietyDislike??- more expensive.. (well.. duh???)- you can't really get a deal if you choose 2 different rolls...But I still like coming to Kati Roll Company to get Kati Roll even though it's more expensive.. They have the best rolls!!! Don't you agree?? :)
I love the rolls and the chai!!! So good. I'm a vegetarian and this place has great options. There is one in the village too. I'm glad this place exists.
Love the chicken tikka roll. It has just the right amount of spices. Better option than chipotle. I only wish they had a location in Boston. Please open a location in Boston.
Its $5 for 1 roll or $9 for 2 chicken kati rolls...tasty, spicy but not quite hot enough. 1 roll wouldn't be quite enough for a hungry girl but 2 was just a little bit more than enough. Definitely would've appreciated them switching out one chicken for the Cheese (aloo paneer) Kati Roll instead. Why would you want 2 of the same thing!? Their Masala Chai tea is VERY good. It definitely tastes like the real thing - what I had in India. I've definitely had better, but not a bad option for this neighborhood if you wanna have something different. Service was ok, not that memorable or excellent. Good seating area. Interesting art on the walls.
Scott is the face of Kati Roll.  He is a tremendous guy and the food is divine.My only gripe is the lack of mango lassi this week.
Delicious. I'm obsessed with Indian food, and any dish that has "Aloo" automatically gets brownie points. Walking in, I had no idea what I was supposed to expect, but was pleasantly surprised when I saw my Indian mini burrito-like rolls. The paratha is excellent, so much so that I am actually scared to get roti instead lest my Kati Roll experience be less than excellent. The Aloo Masala and Unda Aloo rolls do not disappoint, but I've got to say, the Shrimp Masala roll is probably my favorite. I almost always get 2 rolls because I can never decide which one I want, even though 1 is a fair serving size (don't judge me)! Let's just say you can't really go wrong when you come here; other than how great your rolls taste, you'll get your food rather quickly, there are seats in the front and back, and the music is always interesting.
The worst customer service. Slowly but steadily the customer service at this place has been going down. The food is great but bad experiences like this will deter me from going again.
The fabled Kati Roll Company does exist. I have been day dreaming about these spicy shrimp rolls for months after Yelp Master Reviewer: Patrick McMeehan recommended these portrayed delicacies to me. I stumbled into the establishment after a brisk walk, during a 4 day liquid fueled Latvian Conference (further definitions remain classified)... I wasn't sure what I was ordering and neither did the gentlemen behind the counter. However, my teachings by renowned Prof. Annavarjula lead me to regain my composure and ability to speak long enough to order "6 spicy shrimp Kati Rolls". To my surprise I received exactly what I had anticipated. 6 tightly rolled, flavor & spice infused shrimp Kati rolls. The taste of these delicacies can only properly be described as a once in life time flavor sensation. So much of an experience that my kindness lead me to share a couple of the remaining rolls with my larger than life totem pole gunboat of a cousin Zus & my dear friend, the wisest of wise "handy" Andy. To which both responed: we are going back tomorrow & they better have these back home. To only properly conclude I will forward Kati Roll Company a quote from my life mentor Maximus Decimus Meridias: "strength & honor!"
Whoa! How did this place get such high rating??!!I went here in high hopes of getting delicious Kati Rolls to satisfy my cravings. However, I took one bite of their Unda Chicken roll - $11 for two- and was filled with disappointment. Why is it so dry?! Is it suppose to be this dry??!! The egg layer is basically attached to the paratha and almost none existent. Why did I pay extra for Unda chicken roll if the egg was barely there? It's true that the chicken wasn't the worst but my goodness, it's chicken breasts! Cook better! It's so dry that I felt like my tongue was dragged through Sahara Desert. The spices were there, but it was more of an after thought. After disappointment and barely touching the chicken roll, I decided to take a bite out of the lamb. It was better in the sense that it wasn't as dry. However, the meat was mush. It wasn't tiny chunks like I pictured minced while reading the description. The meat's texture was of mush that you feed your poor teeth-less grandparents or a hospital patient who cannot eat solid food. What a disappointment.My friend barely munched on his beef roll because apparently it was worst out of all of them. What a HUGE disappointment this experience was.The sizes are decent, but at the same time if I'm going to pay 11 bucks for 2 rolls, I rather go to a decent restaurant for decent size portions that tastes much better than these things that called food. I had koti rolls at different places before and maybe places I had were not authentic. Maybe this place is not authentic, but their paratha and meat were dry. I received sauce at other places, but here I didn't see any. It's true that the roll itself wasn't bland, but seriously the worst rolls I ever had in my entire life and definitely not worth the price. I am thoroughly disappointed at high praise for this place because it fell extremely short in my expectation meter.
I have always been to this place around 2-3 AM after a night of partying.  This has always been a late night stop-over place for me.  If you come here around 2 AM, its packed and always a struggle to find a seat.  In addition, you have to keep hearing for your order number to be called out so you can pick your food from the cashier.My favorite is 'Aaloo Roll' - delicious potatoes mixed with onions, green chillies, wrapped in a roll.  They recently started a 'Chana Roll' which is as good.  I dont eat paneer, but I have heard the 'Paneer' roll is amazing. Even though its not the healthiest food, who thinks about that at 3 AM!!!!I prefer this location to the one in the village.  Try out this place....you wont be disappointed (hopefully)!!!!
Based on the reviews I expected to be wowed by this place. I am in NYC on business and I am trying to go to smaller, non-chain restaurants. I am an Indian food lover, so this seemed right in my wheelhouse. I had the Chicken Tikka and the Paneer. Both were very dry. They could have used a side of yogurt sauce or something similar. The flavor was there, but it was hard to eat. Luckily I had a delicious mango lassi to wash it down with. Also, if you are not a fan of onions you should tell them to go easy on them when you order. I picked out a huge pile from both of my rolls.
Yummy yummy in my tummy!! Absolutely love this place!!! #11 and #7, along with cilantro sauce are delicious!!
Chicken tikka and paneer rolls were good, but unbelievably greasy.  Had a heart burn for the rest of the day.  The place can use a little clean up too.  Walls were filthy.
food was awesome. It reminded me of my favorite Kathi roll I used to have back in my college days in India. Meat tasted well But, a couple if service issues spoiled the otherwise good experience.  They messed one order and one had a strand of hair.  And they did not offer anything to compensate
Great spot for a quick and cheap lunch. I had the chicken tikka roll, which was pretty good- chicken marinated in yogurt and spices, which is then wrapped in some kind of flat bread. The roll isn't particularly big, but one was enough to make me full enough. $5 is a bit pricey for the size you get, but at least it's good. Minus a star for the cashier. I waited for her to take my order as she finished sending a text. RUDE.
Good, but not amazing. I had the chana dahl and paneer rolls. I would eat here again. I wouldn't go out of my way for it though. I was skeptical about the lassi, but it was tasty! $16 for 2 rolls, water, and a lassi seemed like a lot of money for a small-ish portion to me!
I would give this restaurant a 5 if it was cleaner. The floor, tables, and bathroom were very dirty. With that being said the food was very very good. I was surprised that the bread of the roles was soft and perfect. I recommend the paneer filling.
Considering the price, location and decor, I am giving 4 stars. I wished the rolls were more spicy than what I got. I had achari paneer and chana masala rolls with chai and lassi.
I went to Kati Roll several months again.  The shrimp roll had more flavor than the cheese roll. Would not get the cheese roll again, dry and flavorless. Would be better if there was a sauce. It's just not a good sign when I'm starving and eating the rolls did not do much for me.
Delicious, reasonably-priced food, perfect for enjoying in Bryant Park.
Ive seen other people go here and decided to try it out. Its a small place by bryant park. We walked in and was generously greeted by the manager. He was so nice and was very excited about this place. He let us try some tea and made sure we were happy. The staff was very helpfull on letting us know which ones were the best one, so we can try. These things were so good. It wasnt fancy , but it was good, falvorfull and spicy! Overall, this place was one of the best lunches I had in NYC
I was taken to this place by my friend who is NYC native. When he described Kati Roll as "Indian tacos", my mouth already started watering.Menu was quite simple. Choice of Beef, chicken and lamb and with/without the egg. Because of that, service is fairly quick.Needless to say, meat was flavored with gorgeous Indian spice(curry? tandori? I couldn't tell. My Indian spice pallet isn't sophisticated). Portion is moderate. A big eater like me could've ordered another one, but I refrained. It might get too heavy if I'd had another one.I don' t know why this Indian street food is widely spread in all metropolitan cities in the US. I wish we have one in Boston. And I hate to say this but....New York City.... I concede my defeat. There's no way match up against thou.Because you have Kati shop but we don't.You are the blessed one. You are the chosen one.Until the day we get a Kati shop in Boston,"Yankees don't suck".
Used to come here all the time with 5 star service.....now, they just increased the prices and reduced quality AND quantity of food.....used to be overflowing with filling....now it's all parantha and good luck finding the filling....moving on
Portions are just right if you've had a heavy breakfast and don't feel famished. Tastes awesome
Must try! Absolutely delicious, I had the chicken unda and the panner roll. I felt one roll was enough, a little heavy. Loved the pickled red onions in side the roll and recommend getting the green chutney it's not spicy.
Had two chicken tikka extra spicy. Forehead was sweating but it was worth every bite. Super long line but it moves fast.
Never disappoints! I always get the number 9 w onions and extra chutney. Reminds me of home!
Love the chicken tikka rolls. Consistently good. It's like an Indian burrito but spicy. Also prices are reasonable. Only negative aspect is waiting in line during lunch but that's expected.
This place is trendy and a little irreverent.  NYC Street Food at the footsteps of Bryant Park!  Indian fast food baby!  I had the beef unda roll and the spicy shrimp roll.  Spice, potatoes, egg, what a combo!  I wish I had a stronger craving for this food.  Perhaps it is only a matter of time.
Love it! You can't eat this everyday and still feel good about yourself though.
I walk many blocks to get kati rolls regularly! They nicely leave out the onions for me even though it's clear they think I'm crazy for even asking. The only down side is the lunch rush. Get there EARLY or you will be hanging out for a while waiting for your roll.
Really bad customer service - I hadn't even signed my receipt when I said I wanted the rolls on a roti instead of the greasy paratha, and they refused to let me change my order.  Was forced to pay for food that was NOT what I wanted.  Rude!! You're better off getting kati rolls from the Kwik cart on 45th and 6th.  Better customer service and better food.
this place was JAM PACKED when i came for a quick lunch around 2P on friday. was not expecting that. ended up having to wait 20-ish minutes from time i arrive to first bite. the achari paneer roll was, however, delicious. the one upside of the place being cramped is FRESH food! the roll came out super hot, and the paratha was buttery and perfect. so, overall i was happy. hope to come back when there is less of a rush!
Great find near bryant park. Wraps were delicious, including the chicken tikka and shrimp masala. Could use more diverse, less spicy options for kids, but menu was packedwith yummy choices for adults.
Worst experience in NYC food. Got burnt chicken tikka rolls. Got 4 chicken tikka rolls and 2 beef tikka rolls none were right. Chicken tikka rolls were not just over cooked but completely black and burnt. We were completely shocked to see what we got. I couldn't believe we got served this. Beef tikka rolls were also slightly burnt on one side but edible. Most of the Chicken tikka rolls we have to throw away. If we were not traveling out of NYC early next morning I would definitely come back to show it to them. A friend highly recommended this place and I want to believe this is not a norm for this place based on the line but feel being tourist they did not care about our loyalty and gave us burnt food that should have been discarded in first place. A mistake like this cannot happen if you are preparing with open eyes on multiple rolls. It happens due to total disregard for their customers.
The food may be good but what is up with the trashy maintenance of this place? We were warned by an angry customer who was walking out that something bit her and it us mostly bed bug infested. We should have paid attention because one of us started having a terrible rash and itch in like five minutes. This is consistent with what another friend who visited the two different branches told us!
The managers at Kati Roll have to get organized. Even after the lunchtime rush, at 2:20 pm on a Thursday, their service is too slow. Line workers and managers stand there as finished orders pile up behind them. They look miserable. 20 minute wait. Not worth it for otherwise good rolls. Get it together.
Been awhile since I had a Kati Roll.Stopped by during lunch. Slightly busy, took 10 minutes from placing the order to walking out the doorUnda Chicken Roll - This was good, mildly spicy. Got me sweatin'. I can't handle spicy food, but I liked this a lot.Unda Aloo Roll - Asked for mild, but even mild is too spicy to me. Pretty okay, preferred the Unda Chicken Roll.No discount if you order two different rollsTip: The scan code on the receipt is good for a free drink at your next visit back.
This place has been on my "must try" list for a couple of years now, and I finally got to try it. Sadly, I was disappointed. Maybe my expectations were just too high after waiting all this time, or maybe I just went on a bad day. I got the Chicken Tikka Roll. The whole thing was really dry. There was no sauce in it? Just chicken and vegetables in a wrap was all there was to it, it seemed like. And the chicken was burnt. Maybe I'm doing it wrong, but I was sad that I didn't like it as much as other people since this place received such high ratings. Maybe I'll give it another chance some time in the future, because I really think it could be better.
Taste great, why give a one star? They have an employee there that slacks off near my building for a smoke break and always makes a disturbing crow animal sound and it's really loud.
Kati Roll is delicious.  Its $5 for a small Indian burrito.  One is a snack, two are a meal.
My second trip here and it's even better! Scott the manager stopped by and talked with us about the store and made us feel welcome! The rolls are top notch!
There is no better Kati roll or sandwich place if exotic spices and flavors is what you crave like me, this is THE BEST PLACE EVER! Try the mixed veggie and shrimp rolls and you'll forget that your a carnivore!
I love this place! The food tastes pretty tasty, flavorful & authentic. The place reminds me of the streets in Asia.
Love it!! I ordered the chickpeas one and the standard one -forgot the name of it. The standard was pretty spicy for my taste. I loved the chickpeas and I had the chicken one before - also super yummy! Can't wait to go back!!
Super tasty. Great veggie friendly spot. Don't go if you plan on kissing anyone though. Haha. So many intense flavors.
Stopping in for kati rolls twice in two days calls for an upgrade to 5 stars in my opinion, dontcha think?Scratch my previous advice about adding the egg to the rolls. I no longer feel it adds anything. In fact, I now find that the egg makes the roll soggy. Plus, it takes away from the deliciousness of the fillings!I go for the aloo masala, chicken and paneer rolls. Spicy. Extra Onion.Try them! But be forewarned: if you work in the area or find yourself nearby on a regular basis, this may be the beginning of an addiction. Don't say I didn't warn you.
This place is great if you're looking for a quick and cheap filling meal. Quick - depending on what time of the day you go. Based on my experience, 12 pm is probably a really bad idea. So far, I've had their achari paneer roll, the chana masala roll and the chicken tikka roll. Of the three, I have only truly enjoyed the chicken tikka roll. When I tasted the achari paneer, I was expecting the distinctive acidic taste of paneer, not the blandness of tofu. It seemed as if the unflavoured paneer was unwelcoming of the sharp, mint-coriander-garam masala concoction of a sauce (that wasn't very pickle-y as promised), which by itself was quite pleasantly tasteful. Overall the different components of this roll were not in harmony. The masala part of the chana masala roll is nice and tangy, the chana is meh, hurriedly boiled and hastily prepared. The chicken tikka roll, which is apparently their most popular one, is my favourite. In this case the mint sauce (it is very possible that they used the same one for both the achari paneer and the chicken) had spectacular chemistry with the tenderly cooked chicken pieces. This was your standard barbecued chicken with its smoky and scintillating flavours. But a definitive shoutout goes to the parathas with which they roll their proteins. It is juicy, soft on the inside with slight crispiness on the outside and also very subtly sweet. I think it's also pretty great that they provide you with wet facial tissues to wipe off any oil you may have managed to get all over your fingers - a very likely scenario if you're as messy as me.
Awesome place! One roll for about $6 or 2 for $10-11. I got the chicken kitta and it was amazing. They go pretty heavy on the onions and spices so be prepared! Had a great flavor though and a great deal for the price. I would definitely come back.
Yummyyy! Love kati rolls! I've had the chicken tikka and paneer rolls. I've GOT TO try all of them. It's pretty great for lunch or just getting something to go on your way somewhere. There's so many different kinds and it hits the spot if you are craving yummy indian food. It can be pricey yeah but I think every now and then it is worth it.
The Chicken Tikka is my favorite. Can't go wrong with a mango lassi.
Meh. It was my first time experiencing a kati roll. I love Indian food, so I ordered things based off Indian dishes that I love, expecting it to essentially be: (Indian dishes I love) + (kati roll) = delicious. For example, I ordered the chana masala. I love chana masala. Chickpeas in a flavorful sauce. What I got was barely sauced, kinda cold, flavorless chickpeas. A week later, I ultimately ordered a kati roll from a full service Indian restaurant and it was 100x better, so I can only surmise that this place doesn't do kati rolls justice.
I had forgotten how much I like this place! I used to work in this neighborhood, then moved offices and have now moved back. Figured I'd treat myself to a kati roll (okay, two) to commemorate my return to the area.Thank goodness I'd forgotten what I was missing! I love this place and the food is fantastic. Today I did the chicken tikka and the achari paneer. So delicious. I had time to run an errand at the drug store next door while I was waiting for my food, but in fairness it was lunch hour and the place was packed. I've enjoyed all the rolls I've tried except for the beef tikka.
Been there on numerous occasions. Love the kati rolls. The egg-chicken roll is my favourite. Food is great and prices are reasonable.
For you non-Indians, the English translation of "Kati Roll" is: Oh Mylanta, this is delightfully sexy roll. Ok, so delightfully sexy is a bit much, especially when considering that Indian food doesn't exactly do wonders for your breath afterward (delightfully delicious sounds better). So it's probably not the best place to bring someone for a date. Enough on that, moving on to the delightfully delicious food.Everything is good. Seriously. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. My favorites are Chicken, Unda Chicken, and Aloo Masala. If you tell them you want it spicy, they will add something extra (I call it love, you might call it chili) that will heat the top of your head while also acting as a wonderful colon cleanser for those not trained in the art of the iron stomach. They will not mix Aloo Masala with meat. I asked. The genius who thought that Indian food needs to be portable has my undying devotion. Kati rolls are basically the Indian equivalent of burritos, but unlike burritos these things are delicious and not filled with re-fried beans.
Their meat is perfectly seasoned. The wait time isn't long. You'd most likely have to order two rolls, as one roll isn't really that filling. However the staff has a small issue with waste management.If you owned a restaurant, how would you want your staff to handle the garbage?A. During downtime when there are less people in the restaurant.B. Through the back door in the alley (if this is possible)C. During dinner time, persistently shove two carts of garbage through the line of a dozen people waiting to order/waiting for their order, and nudge a baby carriage along the way. ...They chose C.
We were in the city and looking for some decently priced Indian fare. Found the menu on yelp and hoped 1 roll each would be enough to satisfy us. Well, it satisfied the craving for Indian, but after we ate we ended up going to a fast food place so if you're really hungry, this probably won't fill you up. We got the Chicken Tikka Rolls which were either $5 for one or 2/$9.25. They were pretty good and had a good amount of spiciness to round out the flavor. We might check it out again, not sure if it's on the top of our go-to places, though.
The rolls are very good. We tried the Unda Chicken and Unda Shami roll. The Shami roll with mutton was excellent. The chicken roll was good as well. The Shami roll was very close in taste to the kebabs on India
Lamb and lentil Indian roll, awesome. There is a small storefront, but the food is much more like street food. Great prices and great hours set this place apart. It is a much better late-night choice than pizza.The delectable meat is marinated in Indian spices and wrapped up in a buttery, flaky paratha (not naan). So good, go try!
The restaurant is not good for vegetarian as no hygiene is maintained non veg and veg spoons are changed o don't refer for pure vegetarian at all this my Veiws
My gripe is portion size. The food's good, but paying $10-12 for two small rolls that leave me and most of my coworkers hungry? I could easily eat 3 rolls, but a $16 lunch is hardly sustainable, and definitely wouldn't fall under the "cheap: $10 or less" definition that yelp uses.The $10-12 is the discounted price for getting two; a single roll goes for $5.50-$6.50. Another gripe is that you don't get to mix and match, if you're getting two. You'd have to pay for both at individual prices.For these 2 reasons alone, I find myself rarely here for lunch, even though I like the food.
Worth every penny. Extremely delicious & filling. Definitely worth a visit :) I tried the channa masala & the paneer rolls and they were extremely tasty. Go ahead and indulge in the awesomeness :) highly recommend.
Kati rolls is a nice change of pace for myself and my lunchmates.  You'll pay around $10 for two rolls, which may at first seem like it wont be enough, but it will be.  You wont be stuffed but your belly will be content.  The two that i prefer are the chicken and potato rolls.  The chicken has more kick, but the potato is more flavorful.  They have a bunch of other choices that may ticket your fancy.The only negative thing i would say is it gets ridiculously packed after 12 pm.  If you decide to eat there, be prepared to have a ton of people standing around waiting for their orders. Also because of the volume of people, it can be over half an hour before you get your food. Either call in an order for pickup,  or get in before 12 or after 2.
Always fantastic. Don't leave NYC without a trip here if you're visiting the city. There is something to suit almost every taste. The rolls are flavorful, not too spicy and not to oily either. It's deserving of the hype and great for a mid day snack too.
While in New York on a work trip, and with the advice of yelp, we went to check out Kati Roll.Soooooooooo.  A lot of people seem to love this place.Our group was pretty much a consensus that it was at best ok.Our orders got mixed up, the quality was ok at best.It was pretty fast, it was pretty convenient.I doubt I will ever be back.
4 stars for the ambiance which feels like a cross between Chipotle (the wooden theme) with a touch Bollywood posters and stuff. Good options for my fellow vegan desis and it's very close to Bryant Park. The food however is okay, kinda bland actually. So if you are craving for some Indian food and are in the area, grab a kati roll and head to Bryant Park to finish off that book.
I returned last Wednesday at rush hour to try the shammi roll on roti. This time, the wait was longer, like around 15 min, as the restaurant was more crowded. But it was nice and cool inside. And Dum Maro Dum was playing (translation:"Puff, Take a Puff") so I took this as a sign from Bollywood that I need to chill out/ be patient.  The finely ground lamb/beef shammi was worth the added wait. It turned out ample and flavorful, much less salty and more spicy than the chicken. I only wished it had been served hotter, and again, that it came with more red onions. At least this time they had the roti which I much prefer to paratha for a sandwich. At $5.50, I will take this shammi sammi over a "5 Dollar Foot Long" any day.
Delicious, fresh, and fast. The chicken tikka had just the right amount of heat. Everything we had was great. Scott was super friendly and explained the entire menu to us as well as the origins of the kati roll. Wish they had one out by me. I'd eat there all the time!
A big pricey and the portion was small but it was delicious. Not many seatings available but it's a neat to go snack. I tried the shami kabab roll, which I thought was alright and the lamb was a bit dry, but I felt in love with the shrimp masala roll. It was seasoned perfectly with coconut milk! My friend also recommended the mango lassi which I thought was a nice compliment to some of the Indian spices that the rolls had. Definitely something different and worth a try in the city!
I just abt get enough of my lamb tikka rolls with the tea! . Came w a group of friends and everyone got 2-3 rolls.
one of the best place to eat a kathi roll. even if you are veggie don't worry, they have plenty of options. I ordered achari paneer, chana masala and unda aloo roll. Chana masala was simply awesome. Even the location is right next to the biggest attraction of nyc, TIMES SQUARE! Don't get awed by the waiting line as it does not take much time for them to serve those and they are really quick. Even with so much of rush, they do not rush on food, being said, every roll will make you say yummy!!!
This review is not for their food but restaurant hygiene.We went to have kati rolls and sat at the back on the wooden benches. Both my sister and I got contact dermatitis where the back of our legs touched the bench. We had red itchy blisters and mine got pretty bad. Also we saw some mosquitos in the restaurant too. I don't know about the kitchen but the eating space is not kept very clean and the benches definitely have something going on.
Good masala stuff, Pricey and slowly moving away from "authenticity".A
You cannot just walk past this place without going in and ordering something.  The atmosphere is so inviting and they just make it too damn easy to get what you want fast and cheap.  Dim lighting and clean tables in the dining area.  I always come early, so I do not know how crowded they get at lunch time.  They have deals where you can buy two of the same roll for a lower price, and I recommend eating one now and keeping the other for later.  The rolls do keep very well for reheating, other than the potato roll.  The spices are great and around medium on the heat meter.  The chicken is tender.  They also add additional sauces and purple onion.  This is the best comfort food for me in midtown, and it is just too convenient.
Went here twice and whenever I finish my food, I always crave more. Their chicken tikka roll is always so good, makes me want to come back for more. They're quick at any time. One was during lunch time on a weekday and another time was around 3am on a weekend and both times were fairly fast for the amount of people that we're coming in. Can't wait to be back at the city for some more!
Great food! Had the beef and chicken rolls. Too good. Scott is one of the coolest people as well!
Be prepared to wait this place is always packed but you can't go wrong with anything on this menu if you think it's too spicy just ask them to make it mild and trust me if you like Indian food and looking for something different this is it. Kati Roll ROCKS!!! I have no problem waiting because I know how satisfied I will be afterwards.
This place is good, do not come here on lunch time Monday thru Friday or else you will wait forever in line.  Kati roll is always my favorite food, and this location delivers it pretty fast then others.. Plenty of seating area, definitely bigger than other Kati Roll locations.
Yum! My first time having a kati roll and it's not my last!  I came here with my coworker and we got the Chicken Tikki (#7)
If you live in New York, I hate you. Kati Roll is seriously the best thing to happen to our planet. I went after my cousin from NJ kept mentioning getting kati rolls. Coming from California, I had no idea what that meant until I tried it. I would highly highly recommend you get the Chicken Tikka kati roll. I could probably eat like 6 of these for lunch. There is barely any seating in this place. Make like a clown car and fit 4 people on a bench. It's worth it.
SLAM DUNK!!! Love this place.. it's addictive and awesome. Did I say awesome! Wow.. never had anything Indian but, this has made me rethink my cultural taste buds. So delicious, fresh, and original taste.You HAVE to try it... the owner was a wonderful person and greeted us as newcomers... and offered his advice for 1st timers.I'm beyond impressed.
The Chicken Tikka roll is excellent and great value. Fairly filling. Not sure why they charge $0.25 extra for dipping chutney but otherwise great.
Totally loved it !!!  I spent a few months in Manhattan last year and I used to visit this place at least twice a week. Although am more of a chicken fan but I loved the veggie rolls (chick peas, and cottage cheese) much more than the non-veggie options. With $5- $8 per roll, they are possibly the best Indian Kathi Rolls I have had in the US.The only (very slight) negative is they don't accept AMEX credit cards!
Delicious and a good value for the price! We got the chicken tikka, beef tikka, and beef tikka with egg. All were good, but in my opinion, don't bother with the beef! The chicken is much better, tastier, and more tender. My partner is a beef lover but even he agreed that he would have rather gotten all chicken tikka rolls. The bread it's rolled in is tasty, and just a little bit oily and crunchy on the outside, which makes everything perfect! The chicken inside was tasty and cooked well. 2 rolls for $9.25 and I'll be set for lunch! We'll definitely be coming back.
The food is deliciousThe ambiance is warm and invitingThe staff is friendly, quick, accurate.Love it and can't wait to return.
One of my fave lunch spots in Midtown. Always packed with lunchers for a good reason--it's that delicious. Kati rolls are like Indian burritos... super flavorful meats or veggies wrapped in flatbread. Portable, filling, yummy.Aloo masala roll--classic, spicy curried potatoes with tomatoes, peppers, red onions and cilantro. Packed with intense flavor.Chana masala roll--spicy chickpeas, tomatoes. Simple, hearty and flavorful.Mixed vegetable roll--my new favorite. Perfect, complex, absolutely scrumptious. Slightly sweet beets, crunchy peanuts, juicy raisins, corn, julienned carrots, red onion, cilantro... a mix of flavors and textures--there's alot going on here, and I'm a huge fan.So 2 rolls are good enough to fill you up, it's definitely affordable and worth the wait, especially at lunch. However, if crowds aren't for you, go after 1:30 or 2ish. Give it a shot... it's totally delicious!
The food here is great. The food here is great. The food here is great. I could repeat that line five more times (and it's true, the food is great) but it still won't cover Kati Rolls Company's service shortfalls.The service here is incredibly slow and not because a kati roll takes time to make. It's slow because the workers meander and slosh around like time isn't precious or something.Here are two examples:1. I ordered two chicken kati rolls. Said kati rolls took over 20 minutes to make since there was a fairly large order in front of me. I was fine with that, but then it took 10 more minutes to actually be placed in the plastic bags and handed to me. The cashier was just taking more orders, completely ignoring my freshly made rolls sitting on the counter behind him. Then he decides to walk around to the back to perform some side-jobs or something. The guy making the kati roll doesn't really care, since apparently he has tunnel vision on just making the rolls and doesn't see the ones he made have been sitting there for a while.2. I went there at 4PM on a Sunday. I ordered a Unda Chicken and Shrimp Masala roll. The roll maker decides he wants to sweep the floor first before making my roll (all the while my egg and meats were done sitting there).  Then he decides to bs a little with the other guys before finally putting on gloves (didn't wash his hands, which was a bit scary) and making my roll. I was literally the only person waiting for food. Why couldn't they just make my roll first? Was there some obstacle, some Kati Roll Run that I'm unaware of on the floor that they had to clear? Perplexing.Little things like these bother me. It shows they don't care enough of their patron's time when they could clearly be more efficient. The food here is great, but the service is so offensive that I think I can afford to miss out on some good kati rolls, especially when my time is so invaluable to them.
The kati rolls come out fast, and they are beyond amazing. The menu is small, but what they do have is amazing. There are only 3 tables so dont come on a friday or saturday thinking that your'e going to get a seat. The best part is the price! totally affordable. I absolutely Love this place!
I had the shrimp and beef rolls and they were spicy and flavorful and though they were big, I wish they were filled with more than just the protein, maybe veggies and a good sauce? Good for after hours to soak up a few drinks ;)The wait was about 15 minutes and it's a very casual spot.
I wasn't very sure what a kati roll was, and still am not positive - is it just a wrap, with a very thin egg layer, and delicious other things inside? Well, anyway, it was awesome - I think the potato one is my fav, it has a great kick, isn't dry and reallyyyyy fills you up. It's a pretty good deal at about $4-$5 a roll. It's definitely the kind of food you get a craving for super randomly, but can't get rid of until you pop in for one.The location here is pretty low key, lots of people eating quietly on their own, ipod/phone/other electronic device in hand, and enjoying their katis.  Apparently, it's extremely busy during lunch hours, but the rolls come out even hotter, fresher and yummier!
Delicious & convenient!  It was after 10pm when I finished at work and wanted to pick up dinner on the way back to my hotel.  Not many places were open other than bars and their typical fare.  I strolled past this place and was delighted with their food.I love indian and spicy food.  But don't recall ever having indian in a flatbread wrap until Kati Roll.  The Shami Kabob roll (minced lamb) and the Chana Masala (lentils) roll.  Both were equally delicious in my book.The restaurant looks as though it as at one time some sort of fast-food joint.  So, it ain't much.  It probably could have been cleaner, too.  But you're able to see the kitchen, where they prepare the rolls, and also can see the cooks.  I had no worries about cleanliness in the kitchen.  I'd definitely eat here again and look forward to it during my future trips.
Higly dissapointed.Doesn't live upto the hype.Average food and small portions.Shabby interiors and dirty washroom. Would not recommend or return.
This was our first stop in covering the Kati roll company joints in NYC. It ended up being the best of the three. We primarily had the paneer achari roll. It wasn't too bad. The only thing missing was some kick. Maybe next time I'll ask for a spicy version of the roll. Note: On this last trip to NYC, I covered all 3 Kati roll company joints in search for the good one. I'll review those separately.
First off, the food was unique and very, very good. Happy to support a local small business, whenever possible. Ordered the beef and lamb rolls (#10 and #11) and both were spiced perfectly with incredible flavors. Reminded me of a hole-in-the-wall Indian version of Chipotle; bravo to the kitchen staff. Once I was able to place my ordered, got my food within 10 minutes.However, being 3rd in line upon entering to a nearly empty restaurant, the lone cashier decided it was prudent, without a backup cashier present, to close out his cashier at that exact moment. We waited and waited.. And waited some more. A line began to form and went nearly out the door as he slowly recounted all of his receipts, while paying no attention whatsoever, to the growing line of customers. Finally, about 15-20 mins later, his boss angrily instruct for him to get back on task. This was unacceptable and ruined my entire experience. So while the food was truly terrific, the service left a lot to be desired. And service is a very important part of any restaurant, regardless of size. Fix that and this would easily be a 4-4.5 star place.
Tried the unda chicken roll...pretty close to the real deal. Authentic as can be surroundings mimicking a traditional Indian street. The cashier/manager is pleasant and enthusiastic. The chai was amazing, I mean seriously... Lots of Desi Indian crowd. My friend tried the ALU  roll and said it was amazing. The only advice is regarding the mint chutney. That needs to improve big time from its currently watery consistency. A good place overall for those starving for a piece of Indian street food.
This place has amazing rolls available in veg also . The only thing is the place has great demand so its hard to find a seat!
Delicious! These rolls are such a good idea and they taste great! If I were to give a small critique my husband thought they were a little dry so maybe a delicious sauce in the rolls would top it off!!
I always go to this location when I visit NY. However Food quality has reduced over the years, the meat (chicken, shammi) is dry.  Paneer rolls are better. I feel something is always missing in their rolls - salt, lemon juice - its become drier over the years. I believe they have bed bugs on their seating benches-  it effected both me and my friends. I spoke to other folks who visited this location and experienced bed bug bites on their legs since they had sat on the benches. I wont be going here anymore
OMG. Kati rolls are awesome. Why have I never heard of them before?? I'm not a huge fan of Indian food, but Kati rolls is seditiously converting me :O I came here on a friend's recommendation because he works in the area, and I was really amused to be the only person NOT dressed business-casual. The line was alarmingly long, but it actually moves pretty quickly. I don't know if they have any paper menus, and there are frequently people standing in front of the large menu, so it might be a good idea to check out the menu ahead of time. It's a very straightforward process and kind of operates like a machine - you order, sign, wait, get your food when they call out your number, and leave. Like other people have suggested, going to Bryant Park is a good idea. :) My friend and I each got the daily special (2 rolls each) of the beef tikka and the shami kabab. The beef tikka took a little bit longer to get - not sure if that's usual or if it's just more labor-intensive. Either way, I greatly enjoyed both of the rolls. (They also didn't have roti today - not sure if that's usual or not, either). The beef tikka is significantly spicier, so I had to get a drink, but it was delicious. I loved the shami kabab, though my friend felt that the texture was odd. Granted, it was oddly the texture of a falafel ... o_o However, it was a lot milder (in terms of spice) and quite enjoyable for my palate. I don't think either of the meats were dry; they weren't necessarily moist or tender, but I liked them as they were. No complaints at all. The meats are well-flavored, and I enjoyed the parathra. I don't know if 1 would be enough to satiate one's appetite; my friend devoured the two pretty quickly, and I was pleasantly full after eating two. The portion sizes aren't huge, so I wouldn't say that it's a tremendously good deal. However, the quality definitely shines, and the kati rolls are delicious and filling. I'm coming back for more.
Good roll but pathetic service. Took an hr to get a roll. These guys need some competition ... Someone please open another roll joint nearby with better service... You surely make good money :)
Love me some kati Roll. This place never disappoints and this is my favorite location as well. The inside is nothing to write home about but if you get a seat even better. The food is great. My favorite are the achar Paneer and the chicken unda roll. If you ask them to make it spicy, they defintiely do. Good price and good food..win win!
Perfect meaty snack, lunch or dinner. I had a beef tika wrap and a chicken tika wrap for dinner and they hit the spot. Flavorful and satisfying. There are also several vegetable wraps and some with eggs. Good on the go choice just watch the drip of goodness.
I would give this place a 4 for food and a 2 for service. I love the rolls, particularly the Unda Chicken and Chana Masala rolls. However the service here can be quite spotty. They are decent during the midtown lunch rush but if you try to pick up some after work it can be a very slow process even when there are only two other customers. Since you can see the kitchen right behind the register it seems that the problem is task allocation/efficiency. For example, the person who rolls the rolls and packages them moves very quickly but obviously the person who makes the unda rolls (cooks the egg onto the wrap) take longer as he has to wait out their cook time and can only make so many at once. However if one person doesn't have much to do they do not reshuffle to try and make everything more efficient, they just sort of wait, which slows things down. Also, if they are short handed sometimes no one is covering the register and you can stand at the front of the line for 5-10 min without being able to give your order.I would overall recommend it but beware that it may take a little while depending on when you go, so don't go if you are trying to pick up something quick.
More of a 3.5 star rating but the small chain has good service and produces a solid rule.  The Chicken Tikka Marsala roll (w/extra spice) is my favorite and they are not stingy with the heat.  Wish the order to receiving food was a little quicker but overall they have always been good to me so I'll be back.Also - if you scan the QR code on your receipt you can redeem a free soda if you spend 30 seconds answering a few questions.
I can see why this lunch spot is exceedingly busy on a regular basis.  The open kitchen shows workers furiously toiling over hot grills and sizzling oils, pushing out order after order.  I tasted both the Chicken Tikka and Shrimp Masala rolls.  The paratha was fresh and chewy. enveloping the mildly spicy but flavorful curried proteins.  The only topping was some thinly sliced red onions.Though tasty, both the chicken and shrimp were a tad overcooked, leaving them a bit dry.  I also felt that the rolls lacked culinary balance.  They were very heavy, and would have fared better with the addition of some vegetables, perhaps a slaw of some sort.  A cooling yogurt sauce would have also been a great addition.Overall, these kati rolls are FAR LESS greasy than the ones you will get from the street vendors and use higher quality curry.  I would go here again for a quick snack, but not go out of my way to come here for lunch.
The Kati Roll Co. has really good kati rolls. I've tried many of the veg & non-veg rolls and really recommend the lamb, chicken, and their paneer roll, which is the best!!
This is soooo good! Super tiny inside but plenty of character and the food is delicious. Service is fantastic and I can't wait to come back. Packed with locals is always a good sign near such a touristy area! Indian burritos :)
Amazing Indian food at really great price. Masala chai is surely one of the best you could find in New York. The manager and staff were really friendly and helpful. Will definitely come back to the place again and surely recommend to my friends and family.Keep up the great work guys and see you next time.
Great fast food near Times Square.  Good for the belly and the budget.
Hands down the best Kati rolls I have ever tried! A bunch of friends and I went to NY for 5 days of which we ate here twice. That says a lot considering how many places there are to try in NY! They have a crazy variety of rolls such as chicken, paneer, aaloo, lamb and so many more. Really neatly wrapped and great in size. We were full from just 1 roll but the taste has us eating multiples! They stay open late and have fast service. Not really a nice sit down place, more of a fast food environment with restaurant quality food.If you are in NY- put this on your list- it's a must have!
Great lunch spot. Pretty diverse  with prices that are definitely competitive with the midtown lunch scene. I got two and that was a very suitable lunch for me. Chicken was very good. I would return, despite the fact I was burping up Indian food smells for the remainder of the day.
Chicken Kati room was amazing.  The guy at the cashier was horrible and rude to me!!! Not worth it!! I'll take me business elsewhere!!
This is a good hole-in-the-wall spot in Midtown. Very affordable and yummy kati rolls.I tried a number of the rolls and they were all good. If I had to pick some favorites. They would be the Unda Chicken roll and the Unda Shami Kabab Roll. The rolls pack a bit of a spicy kick so you might want a soda to cool you down.
Very unique, intimate space with bright orange walls and old Bollywood posters. The rolls were tasty with just enough bite, and the lassi was very good too (beer is beer). Very different to the other options around Bryant Park and worth a visit if you like Indian food and/or unique experiences while traveling
We had the shami kebab, chicken tikka roll and unda Aldo roll, as well as mango lassi. It was delicious!Only $5-6 per portion. Portions are not big. Delicious! Definitely coming back
Oh my god, where have kati rolls been all my life? I want a chain of these in every city (and Bronx too) so that I can have my fix wherever I am. The chicken tikka was spicy and a tad dry, but still delicious. The shami kabab roll was the bomb. The paratha bread is a little thin compared to your typical naan, but it works well as a sandwich wrap. The prices are quite reasonable, I just wish you could mix and match two different rolls for a daily special rather than getting two of the same ones. All in all, if this place was right down the block from me I'd be one fat m- f-
Very small portions, unless you want a quick bite, one kathi roll is not filling. Also it is no where close the original middle eastern/Indian kathi rolls. I like their unda shaami a little, but spending 12$ for a decent filling meal is a big No for me. I think this place is more of a hype than quality.
Kati rolls are a most excellent choice for pretty much any meal: lunch, dinner, snack, especially following heavy drinking.I've tried many of the rolls, and the clear winner is always achari paneer. Cheese cubes + the pickled onions + the fried bread = many many happy life moments.There can be a bit of a wait, but whatever, it's worth it.
I had way too much fine dining in NYC and I was sick of it. Ok, fine I was broke too...from too much fine dining. But one of the best things about NYC is that you can eat well for very little. Cheap eats like Kati Roll cost less than anything you can make yourself, thanks to the gut-wrenching pricetags of Gristedes and Food Emporium. And a mere 5 dollars, or so buys you a dense, filling roll, full of only the good stuff. The Unda Aloo is my all-time favorite, and the Achari Paneer always hits the spot. The Chicken Tikka Roll  is a little too dense, and the Shami Kabob Roll is loaded with lamb that drips way too much grease. Not really hungry? Stick to simple the Unda Roll, egg if you're craving something light. Because if you're walking by Kati Roll, you don't need to be hungry to stop in.
I have ordered one Paneer Roll and one Unda Roll, it was kind of spicy and so good. Even though the rolls are small, it was filling. Good to try. Prices are reasonable. I like Indian food.
Amazing rolls.. Great for pickups. Two rolls should fill you up good. Some of my favorites are chicken tikka roll and shammi kebab roll.. For vegetarian, achari paneer roll and mixed vegetable curry is good. The aaloo rolls are not so great. Also don't forget to get the green chutney with Ur rolls.
Great food, been going to this location for 8 years and I'd eat here nearly everyday if the service wasn't so terrible. Cooks seem to be quick and efficient but the guy who fills the orders is slow, inefficient, tends to fill orders backwards, and occasionally calls out the wrong # for your order. They also recently increased prices and the drop off in clientele is noticeable. Not sure if it's more related to the pricing or service, but they need to get it together.
I love this place. In the heart of Manhattan. I take everyone here and they have all loved this place. I wish the food would be a little more spicy but other than it's a fantastic experience every time I go.
Highly recommend this roll when you want something quick and tasty to eat.- Chicken Tikka roll is a MUSTWhy only 3 stars,Mainly I feel for the price you pay, it's not AMAZING VALUE, it however is a GREAT spot since it's across from EVR and when you are really hungry there is nothing better than going across the street for a Kati Roll.Beware though, if you are not used to a good amount of spice your stomach may not be able to take it. If you enjoy spicy food, then its a definite must have at least once.
I remember being obsessed with kati rolls a few years ago and imagined them to be tangy, spicy explosions in my mouth. Since then, I tried the rolls at thelewala and my return to the kati roll co. was a bit of a disappointment- small, flavorless rolls and old-tasting chai. I now crave the delicious rolls from thelewala with the fresh marinated onions, cilantro, and chaat masala. If i dont care for the trek to thelewala, kati roll is a nice backup option for a quick, relatively cheap ( 1 roll is definitely not enough, u'll need to buy 2)  bite to eat.
I came here for a quick lunch on the weekend. Although there wasn't anyone else in the shop at the time, we had to wait 5-10 minutes before our rolls were ready. The menu's simple to read - you have basic meats (e.g. chicken, lamb) to choose from, as well as if you'd like egg in the rolls or not. The rolls themselves are pretty decent, although I have to say I like the lamb more than the chicken - it has a bit more flavor than the chicken, which is grilled but lacks as much taste. The egg is a little more substantial than what I had anticipated - it's basically like another layer given that is is wrapped around the inside.Overall, the rolls are filling, but I wasn't as enamored with the flavor as I've had elsewhere. Roomali, which is right across from where I live, has more variety and flavor in their rolls and comes across as a bit more inspiring. The menu is pretty simplistic, and the price is decent. That being said, I'd probably grab a bite if I was in the neighborhood again.
This food is great. They just need one more employee packing the rolls Togo and plating the rolls for in house customers like an expo. The wait after ordering is ridiculous.
Everytime we visit NYC, we make it a point to go to Kathi Roll Co. We've even visited the London location.  This time the food was well below average. Served cooler than warm and everything tasted stale. Roti was hard, as was the chicken. Shami was dry. Masala chai was far from authentic. Mango Lassi was great. Hopefully this is a one off bad experience as opposed to a sign that the quality is going downhill. The food came out really fast - hope they're not trying to become a fast food joint in terms of both speediness and quality. Second time around they messed up my order and the lady at the service counter started arguing that I placed the order incorrectly. Dropped my review from 3 to 2 stars.
This place WAS a go-to spot whenever in NY. But over the years they have gotten more expensive/stingy and the quality has gone down. They skimp out a lot more on the filling, if you want extra chutney, it is an extra charge, and it seems like they forgot how to make paneer because it tasted like tofu- all of that on top of getting our food cold. It is one thing if this is an isolated incident, but this seems like it is a trend. KRC - I want to like you so much, but you make it too hard!
Everything they say about this place is true! Its one of Midtown's hidden gems. Don't be intimidated by the menu. Just pick something out and dive in. Ask for the manager, he's incredibly helpful and will walk you literally through the entire menu. My favorites are the beef tikka and the shrimp which has a delicious little hint of cocunut.  The chicken tikka is the best seller and you can't go wrong there. They use a lot of spices but honestly it could be spicier (heat.) Its a lunch spot but if you pick up a few rolls on the way home from work for dinner, I'm not mad at you.
Priced well. Great service. I got the tiki chicken wraps. I would def go back when I visit New York. Highly Recommended.
I grabbed a beef one on egg and a chicken one with herbs and spices to go, but the meats were all unfortunately a little bit too overcooked and too charred. I've had the ones in the West Village before, and I recall those being better, so I'm temporarily willing to chalk this up to a one-off incident and would be willing to try it again, but these were merely okay. There is fairly ample seating for people interested in sitting and eating, which is also a plus.
Delicious.  Inexpensive.  Fresh.I live in DC but seem to always make an appearance at Kati Roll Company when I'm in the city.  My understanding is that locals believe this to be 'drunk' food.  To a certain extent, I understand -- Parathas afterall are greasy and heavy, right?  But that's just the key to a punjabi girl's heart!  Greasy parathas, any day, any time of the week.I'd say that Kati Roll Company does an excellent job of serving its customers extremely quickly.  The last time we went, it was in the middle of the afternoon, so we were actually able to find a table and sit for awhile.  We definitely noticed the influx of people coming to take orders to go.  The lines rarely lasted long as customers were serviced quickly.My fiance and I got the chicken tikka roll and lamb sheesh roll.  Both were amazing.  The chicken tikka roll has a spicy green chutney that makes it to-die for.  We particularly loved the chicken tikka roll and debated bringing a few back to DC since there are no real 'kati roll' restaurants in the area.  In the end, we decided not to bring them back, but instead go up to NYC to eat them again!
Very Tasty. There was a line out the door for the lunch crush. I dined in and still was out the door in 30 min.
Had the anda chicken and the anda shami roll. The food didn't have the flavor I expected. Didn't meet my expectations.
I stopped here for lunch craving some Indian food. I'm pleased I stopped. I thought food was tasty, great flavor and had a good amount of spicy burn (so many places are bland). Order taking was fast, but food readiness was somewhat slow with not much of a crowd. Thanks ok because each roll is prepared for each order. The only question is, do you have one roll or two? I opted for two because I was starving. I think you could get away with one roll if you're just slightly hungry.
This place is amazing. A small menu, but they do it so well. We had the beef-unda rolls, the chicken tikka rolls and the paneer rolls. All were amazing. The kids were a little reluctant to go at first, but once they got to the restaurant, they couldn't wait to get their teeth into a roll.The lines are long, but move fast. If you're in Manhattan, you have to hit up one of the locations - there are a few now.
Everything was amazing the service was fast even though the lunch crowd just kept filling in. I got the 12 topping salad with cilantro lime dressing and a chicken tikki roll! The dressing was amazing the combination of the 12 toppings mixed together perfectly and the seasoning on the chicken was perfect. Two thumbs way up there, everyone should check it out asap
One of my favorite NYC go-tos whether I'm just grabbing something on my way to work or if I'm with a group of friends looking for some cheap/delicious grub. Every time friends come from out of town to visit, I take them here and they're always raving about it afterwards. I normally get the Shami Kabab roll (lamb) or the Beef Tikka roll, which are both delicious. If you're looking for variety though, I wouldn't get these two as a pair since they taste pretty similar. As a fan of spicy food, I really appreciate the herbs and spices and how they add a nice kick. The Aloo Masala roll is also pretty good; it's definitely a different kind of spicy flavor which is nice, but I still prefer the meaty rolls. No matter which roll you get, though, the griddled paratha bread is perfect and is consistently one of my favorite parts about these rolls. Crisp and chewy at the same time, warm, and it even has its own subtle flavor from the grill. Each roll is a pretty decent size.. 1.5 - 2 is plenty for me. Normally if I'm there with someone else, we each get a different roll with the daily special deal (2 for $9 or whatever) and then just switch rolls so we both get a variety. Works out great and it only comes out to $9 - $10 per person. I've never had a problem with seating, and the wait for the food is never long. I'd say it's pretty much Indian fast food, but with quality still retained. My only problem is that they don't have options for cups of water or anything, only overpriced water bottles, which becomes inconvenient as you'll find that these rolls make you very thirsty. But that's just a small price to pay for an otherwise fantastic meal!
This place is so good. I recommend the cheese roll and the shrimp roll (no I don't know the names off hand but if you read the menu you will find it). It sucks they don't have lunch delivery. It is really spicy so if your not into that request a little less spice. Boom problem solved. Enjoy!
Eh, not that impressed. Vegetarian friend found it on yelp and it was overpriced, for the small portions and eh taste. I opted for the lamb, which I thought would be tasty but it was ground which for some reason was off putting. Wouldn't be back.
I absolutely love this place!  If you have not yet gone, you MUST go in and try it.  I am a huge fan of Indian food and this place hit the spot!  I had a Chicken Tikka roll and a Beef Tikka roll.  Both tasted great, although I do prefer the chicken.  A few of my coworkers are from India and told me that this place is authentic as kati rolls can get, outside of India.  They are also very well priced!If you decide to come here make sure you get your food to go because there is very limited seating inside.  Also, try to avoid the lunch time rush, you may spend your whole lunch hour waiting in line or waiting for your food as the line gets reeeeallyy long.   So basically, if you haven't done so already, get your butt to Kati Roll!!
Just ate here for the first time and I would return.  Great lunch spot--food is fresh, quick and staff friendly.  Shrimp roll, chicken tikka and the ground lamb--all three were great. Rolls are not huge but the quality is very good.
Amazingly delicious. The beef tikka is addictive.The bad news is that they jacked up their prices, so the "2 of the same roll" deal is now $10.25! That's waaay too expensive and Kati Rollis now off my list for lunch spots during the week.So sad...
Kati Roll is a crafty idea that appeals as much to the Slumdog Millionaire fandom as it does to the hip 50 somethings visiting from the Indian subcontinent, sporting Diesel dungarees and humming Bollywood tunes from Bobby and Don, doubtless prompted by the posters at Kati Roll, as they wait their turn to try 'taystee snakes' for a 'bargain price' of well over 200 rupees a piece.A remarkable success story for what is essentially fast food that is fashionably rebranded as Indian street food.  Kati Roll's menu is simple, and conjures up images from Indian textbooks.  The service experience is at best matter-of-fact.  But the food is incredibly tasty -- parathas (flat bread) filled with potatoes, cottage cheese and Indian spices.  I would recommend the Aloo Masala Roll and the Achari Paneer Roll.  Expect to pay by cash, unless your order exceeds $20.I rarely go to the MacDougal Street location, since the neighboring Hummus Place is healthier and arguably friendlier.  But this location serves as an attractive option to the delis and chain restaurants that pepper the midtown landscape between Times Square and Grand Central.Go to Kati Roll for tasty Indian fast food, but do not expect five-star service or variety.  As the supremely annoying phrase goes, that's how they roll.
How did I never know this place existed? I've been to the KRC in Greenwich Village but I had no idea there was a location in midtown. And so close to where I work too! Midtown KRC~ you have yelp to thank for leading me to you.I had the aloo masala roll (spicy potato) and the shami kabab roll (spicy mutton). Both were very flavorful and heavily spiced as expected when eating Indian food. Even though I love my meat, I preferred the aloo masala roll because it was more flavorful and moist. The mutton in the shami kabab roll was a little too dry for my liking, but still tasty. The paratha flatbread was deliciously chewy, but very greasy. In fact the whole meal was a little too greasy, which is what I craved today but normally I don't like to eat such greasy, heavy food for lunch.I find this place to be slightly overpriced for what it is, considering that each kati roll is $4-$6 and it takes 2 kati rolls to fill me up. Some people may need 3 or even 4 kati rolls to be full. There are plenty more lunch options in the area that are more filling and cost less. While I probably won't come here very often, it's nice to know that it's here when I want it.**Make sure you have cash. KRC has a $20 credit card minimum.
Fabulous little hole in the wall with a great selection of roti rolls. The wait was brief, and this was obviously a bustling lunch hot spot. I overordered because my eyes were bigger than my stomach but both my rolls were delish.The roti was soft and had just the right texture. The spiced potatoes and chicken that came inside were very flavorful and tasty. Not too dry as is common with potato-things.
Wow...I could come here everyday. The flavors, the quick service, the price...anything better? I had two different rolls and both were fantastic. The braised goat had a bit more flavor and I would get it again. I also tried the berry lassi and also very good. I wish the portion sizes would be a bit larger on the drinks and food.
Friendly staff, but personally, I'm not a fan of the Kati Roll. The restaurant was packed at lunch time, so I grabbed it to go since my office was just a block away. I thought that it was too greasy/ soggy/ dry for my taste. I also paid extra for the cilantro chutney. I should have probably grabbed two instead of one because I drenched the roll in it so it wasn't as dry. Although the prices are low, getting only one is more of a snack. So if you want to be filled up, you're gonna have to cough up for two...
We went twice in two days. The first day the rolls (chicken tikka and aloo masala) were so good that we had to go back for more the second day. The lassi was really good too. Unfortunately, the second day the rolls (chicken tikka and shami kabab) were less flavorful and more greasy, and while I am sure we will be back, we are not in a big rush.
Nice diversion from the ubiquitous taco options, but still quick and easy wraps with Indian flavors. This place expectedly has a solid lunch rush, but their line moves quickly and with limited seating (maybe 20 people, both front and back), it is more of a grab and go place, just not as speedy at eatsa. I enjoyed both the mixed veggie roll and shrimp masala rolls and two was just right for lunch. Both were ordered spicy, which had just enough heat to catch my attention, but not enough to require anything more than water. Glad I found this place on Yelp on a work trip to NYC and would be a reasonably affordable go-to if I worked in the area.
Good quick bites - authentic taste of kathi roles that you get in India. Tried the achari paneer roll and shrimp masala role - both were pretty decent.Best part of the place is that it is open super late!
The Kati rolls here are pretty good. I had the chicken tikka roll and the minced lamb one. The meat was cooked pretty well, but the roll definitely needed some sauce to it. If they had the chicken tikka masala sauce to dip the rolls in, it would be amazing!
Kati Roll was close to my hotel and I wanted a quick snack after a long day of walking, so I stopped by.Food:I ordered the Unda Roll and Chicken Tikka Roll.  Both were very tasty and I definitely recommend!Sides NotesAmbiance:There's not much seating.  It's probably best to order to go.Service:The cashiers were very friendly and they make sure they get complex orders correct.Overall:Stop by for a quick snack!
There's always a line here but it's because the food is delicious. The lines are long but they make the orders quick and it's organized. It's about two blocks from Bryant Park; since it's pretty packed inside during their week day lunch hour it's nice to grab a table at the park and eat there. I got two of their rolls, the Aloo Masala ($4.50) and the Chicken Tikka ($5.00). When I had the Aloo Masala the first time, I really enjoyed it however this time not so much. The potatoes inside were too mashed that they didn't have any texture. The Chicken Tikka roll had cubed chicken pieces inside of a paratha with red onion slivers coated in green chutney-- amazing! One can never have too much chai so when I saw they had Masala chai of course I had to try it! Its scalded milk with black tea with notes of cardamom. It had a smooth consistency and the floral notes in the chai was not harsh. I know I'll be back again to get their chai and perhaps something else on the menu when I'm in that location again.Aloo masala roll $4.50Chicken tikka roll $5.00Masala chai $2.00 Assam black tea with scalded milk flavored with fresh ginger and cardamom.
I used to be a regular here a while back and decided to pay a visit again with my boyfriend last week. The quality of the rolls are just as good as I remembered them to be! I got the chicken tikka roll, which was heavenly! The chicken tikka pieces were soft, tender and so flavorful! And they are not shy with the amount of chicken tikka they give you. My boyfriend tried the beef tikka roll, he enjoyed it but he felt the meat was on the drier side. However, when he had a bite of my chicken tikka roll he decided we definitely need to come back so he can try the other menu items.The rolls are reasonably priced and pretty filling! Definitely recommend everyone try this place out!
Great food! The staff are super welcoming and friendly. I usually order the Unda Chicken Rolls when I stop by, they are always tasty! The line for food varies day to day but you can usually get in and out within 15 minutes. They also have an online ordering option which is a bonus!Overall great place to stop by for a quick and easy lunch
I came here twice and both times the food was pretty tasty. I come from California which is a paradise for indian food. But by New York's standards, it was a welcome change after a full day of street food. Would visit again!
Ordered 2 chicken tikka Rolls - grilled chicken cubes, marinated in yoghurt and spices ($5 each = $10), unda beef roll - beef tikka roll with a layer of beaten egg ($6.50) and Shami kabab Roll - mixed-lamb and lentil croquette with herbs and spices ($5.50) Total = $23.95. My favorite was the unda beef roll, you definitely taste the spices in the beef and it was perfectly balanced. The chicken tikka roll was a bit dry, unflavored and over powered by the raw onions. My less favorite was the Shami kabab roll... I'm not a fan of lamb especially if they have strong gamey taste which i felt like it did. Overall it was alright, probably wont be returning for seconds.
Okay, before I start talking about the food at this place, let me acknowledge that I'm not a New Yorker. Having said that, I visited this place both times I was in NYC (Oct 2015 & Nov 2016), and both times at the insistence of my friends who live in NYC. Sorry, I was left unimpressed both times!This review will focus only on the last weekend I was there. My friends and I got there on Saturday night around 8.30pm. They had a new trainee at the counter taking orders, so it took longer than usual to get an order of 4 kati rolls and 2 drinks. I got the achari paneer roll and the aloo masala roll while my friend got the unda aloo roll and the paneer roll as well. They were okay, with the paneer roll definitely being much better than the aloo roll, but still it was definitely not great!!So, for me this has been one place that does not get on my favorite places to grab a bite in NYC, and its pretty heavy on the wallet too!! I will be sticking to the food trucks/carts a couple blocks from 39th for tastier food at competitive prices!
Absolutely loved this place. Nice decor. Staff was ok.The food was amazing. Loved the beef and shaami kebab. The chicken and chicken with egg was pretty good. The achaari paneer was a letdown though- flavorless. Was expecting it to be extremely spicy and it was the opposite.Chutney is very good but you need to purchase that separately. The lassi was very nice. Got both the flavors- mango and berries. Both were good but definitely felt like they had way too much sugar.
Good food and clean old school ambiance but they should not ask for a tip when its self serve restaurant.
Came here for some late night eats. Got the unda chicken roll which was basically a chicken tikka roll plus egg and a shrimp masala roll. They were both delicious and packed with flavor. The rolls are on the smaller side so get two if you're hungry. But then again two rolls would've been a bit too filling for me. The side of green chutney was extra but worth it. The mango lassi was aiight. Definitely recommend this place for a quick bite!
Love love love. What a great way to finish the night. I was staying in a nearby hotel and was hungry. Went to the Kati Roll Company and was happily surprised at the price and flavor. I will definitely come back when I am in town.
Quick pick up place. Parath wraps (no roti today). Got the chicken masala and the shrimp masala.Tasty. It's like a skinny Indian burrito.Restaurant has a Grade B sanitary inspection grade but people still come. Not sure why the grade but it seemed clean enough to me. Only a few table to sit but I imagine most people grab lunch and take back to office.My role were good, although my wrappings were a little tough. Flavors inside were tasty.Can't say I loved it but it was a decent enough lunch.
Our favorite spot in NYC. No trip of our to New York is complete visiting Kati roll. While all of their rolls are great, I love the achari paneer roll and the unda aloo roll. My wife loves the shrimp roll.
This was probably my most frequent lunch spot in the Bryant Park area.  I recommend the Shami Kebab and Achari Paneer.  I'd stick to those, or the other intensely-flavored options, since the plainer ones (eg Aloo) tend to become under-spiced and the other meats (esp chicken) tend to be over-cooked.Stick to the default wrap type: their paratha are way better than their roti.They always push an upsell on drinks -- chai in winter, lassi in summer -- and honestly, you should take them up on it.  Tasty & inexpensive, if small.There's usually a seat available in the back, even during the busiest / rainy-est lunch rush.
Perfect late night snack after Broadway show. Cheap, freshly made, flavorful, homey feeling (I'm not even indian). Skip fancy restaurants, pretentious people, and pretentious food and grab a kati roll as and take a stroll around Bryant's Park and watch the city passes you by.
Service is a lil slow but thats bc they have plenty of orders. Very good and juicy kati rolls. i recommend the chicken tikka, and shrimp one. Nice place with few locations. Halal.
One word - Delicious!!!Their Chicken tikka rolls and Achari Paneer rolls are the best. Authentic and delicious. The food is cheap and tastes best when eaten hot and right away!! A must try!!
Had heard good things about Kati so decided to try it. My review is primarily for the rolls instead of the overall value which is pretty unbeatable given the prices. With that said if you are looking for good Indian food instead of a quick/cheap bite this is not the place. I tried several wraps and while I do admit they were fresh, overall I was unimpressed. Would have given an additional star given the prices but this place is very crowded with a few places to sit.Would come here again but only if I was doing take-out.
Kati Rolls are a quick and easy way to get an Indian food fix. They remind me of an Indian Chipotle. I personally love the paneer rolls. They are a perfect mix of cheese and spice. Although be warned that you will reek of onions after eating one. The only problem I have with the Kati Roll Company is that it takes forever during the lunch hour rush. You can spend up to 45 minutes waiting for your food. It's also cash only and a little overpriced. But, not too horrendous for midtown. It's also usually much faster anytime after 1:30 pm. There are a few tables and chairs. I like all the Bollywood posters and the staff is friendly enough. I would recommend getting two rolls and then heading over to Bryant Park to enjoy your lunch!
If your work environment is anything like mine, then you probably don't feel very comfortable taking leisurely 1+ hour lunches.  It's not that leaving the desk is looked down upon at my company, but every single one of my coworkers eats their street-meat or 'ham & cheese on wheat' at their desk.  When in Rome...Yesterday around noon, I ran out of the office on a hunger mission; the only problem was that I wasn't craving any one thing in particular.  And then, about five-minutes in to my lunch prowl, the words 'Kati Roll' seemed to appear in flashing marquis lights.  "Sweet," I said to myself, "I've been meaning to try this place for years."I returned to my desk armed with a bottle of some fancy new Nestea concoction ($1.50) and two Kati Rolls: Chicken Roll ($4.75) and the Achari Paneer Roll ($5.25).A Kati Roll closely resembles a burrito, in that savory ingredients are spread atop warm paratha or roti flatbread and rolled/wrapped.Each of my rolls was constructed atop buttery, blistered paratha flatbread.  Pickled red onions and a spicy, green coriander spread bound each protein (chicken, paneer).   I wasn't sure whether the key ingredients of each roll - chicken and paneer - would find compatibility with the above 'binders,' but I was pleasantly surprised.    * Chicken Roll: large chunks of grilled white-meat chicken breast were moist and juicy with a subtle curry aftertaste, which was fragrantly accentuated by the coriander spread.     * Achari Paneer Roll: I don't think that I've ever had paneer this soft and dewy.  The slightly-crunchy, pickled red onions contributed the gift of texture to the otherwise delicate paneer.  Each "cube" of cheese had the slightest buttery crust, leading me to believe it was stir-fried/sauteed prior to service.Conclusion: at least 30-minutes had elapsed from the time that I left The Kati Roll Company, to the moment that I actually began eating.  Regardless of the fact that my rolls had gone from warm to 'room-temperature,' I found them to taste delicious.  Kati Rolls are not only portable, but they are made with precision (no sauce-spillage/leakage, ingredients stay intact).  And best of all?  They make for a cheap, filling, inexpensive, and delectable meal.  I can't wait to try the other eight versions!
Great rolls. I tried the Achari Paneer and Chicken Tikka roll. The best part about the roll was that the chicken and paneer were drenched with flavor. Whatever the Chef did to imbue the flavors deep within - it's commendable. Would love to go back to this place when I visit NY next.
I love this place.  Every time I come to New York it pops into my mind as a must stop.  This trip was no exception.  We headed over here for a very late lunch and grabbed 6 kati rolls (damn that was expensive).  We ordered three chicken egg rolls, one paneer, one chana masala, and one aloo "potato".  They were all super good, but the star is the chicken & egg or unda roll.  I liked the panner, but it could have been spicier considering they added achar to it.  Next time I'll ask for more.  The roumali roti is nice, soft, and decadent.  A great snack or meal and a must stop in NYC!
As I yelped, looking for a GOOD Indian place in NYC, (mostly in my neighborhood, which I have yet to find - If anyone has any suggestions, I'd love to check them out) I kept coming across the Kati Roll Company"What the hell is a Kati Roll?" I said to myself.  Each and every time I saw this name come up... "what the hell ARE these things?" One word summary? Delicious.  They, apparently are an Indian street food, Made like a burrito, but far more awesome.Spiced meats, optional eggs, wrapped in a shell, not unlike a tortilla, punching you in the face with flavor. I dig on this place a lot - It's probably better when you're really drunk.
LOVE this place. Always excellent and fresh. Not giving it 5 stars because the wait is often ridiculous and you don't want to dine in. (Always order to go - and hike over to Bryant Park. Way better.)
I am a big fan of this place. Whenever I have been to New York I have eaten here at least once. You can never go wrong with any of their rolls. Made fresh, made clean and served quick. I have had everything on their menu, and never been disappointed.I highly recommend the egg and chicken roll,  it is an omelet with chunks of chicken topped with onions and green chutney rolled perfectly into a roti. In addition, the place is easy to get to. The restaurant is clean and service prompt.
I craved a mid evening snack. Best bet in mid town!!! I love their Kati rolls and the mango lassi was very good too. Its always hard to just eat one. I had a Paneer yesterday. Yummy!!!!! This is my favorite location for Kati rolls in the city ( or anywhere as a matter of fact).Much much better than the one on McDougal.
I work in the area and people were always talking about this place so I finally decided to come in. Wow! Indian fast food at it's finest. There is always a huge line so give yourself some extra time or call in your order, it's not that fast, lol I always get the tiger shrimp and the farmer's cheese rolls without onions. The rolls are the perfect size. I really enjoy them. Just note there is a $9 credit card minimum and a single roll is between $6-$8 so, bring cash.
I am originally from Kolkata, India where kati rolls are the iconic street food. All I can say is that the rolls served here are really close to authentic, except in Kolkata you will not find a shrimp roll. Our go to option is the Unda Shammi, and for those in the know this is very close to what is served at the Dhabha at Ballygunge Phari at Kolkata. We prefer this location to the one at MacDougal street since it is more spacious.
Whether you're a fan of Indian food or not, if you need a quick, inexpensive lunch, this is a great option. I tried the chicken tikka roll.  It was light but filling, flavorful and had a nice kick to it.  The lines move quick and your food is generally ready in a flash.  I'll definitely be back to try some more off the menu.
Horrible place: smell bad, food disgusting and found hair in my rollI told the manager about the issue and he said it was coming from meJust avoid this place
Had the Beef Tikka Roll and the Anda Shami roll! The beef roll was delicious, super spicy, while the Anda shami was slightly less spicy but still good! I wish they stayed open for longer!
Really friendly people. The chutney is not actually chutney, but all else Is on point.
Interesting Indian "fast-food" concept. The Rolls taste good and fresh. Although a little small in my opinion!
Inexpensive, tasty and yummy food.
This is has an iconic restaurant for me since high school, and I would look forward to eating here upon crossing the Hudson. New York meant only one thing back then: indulgence.This place has withstood the test of time and stays consistent. It's great to have such an excellent entry point into Indian cuisine. I recommend the lamb and paneer options, and always ask for extra chili. Green chutney also proves to be a great companion to whichever roll you decide to get. I've never been here in the daytime, but I never had to deal with a major line in the night hours. Then again, I am patient when kati rolls are in store :)
Tasty, Easy, A little pricey.I usually go to Curry Dreams for Indian Food, but I wanted to try something different. I saw a lot of Indian people in the cute spot so I knew the flavors were going to be authentic.I ordered 2 rolls which cost me $10. Unda Chicken - (chicken and egg) When I first came in I asked the cashier which was the most popular roll and he suggested this roll. I am glad I ordered it.  So much flavor in every bite. This was spicy but not too spicy for my taste.Aloo Masala - (Spicy Potato Mixture) This wasn't very spicy for my taste. It was good but I think I would get something else next time.My friend got a roll filled with Indian Cottage cheese, I had a bite and thought it was really good. I probably will get that next time.Bottom line, I was completely satisfied with taste. However I did pay $10 which more than normal for a lunch. Curry dreams across the street I can get a whole entree including a Eggplant curry,  pint of rice and naan for $6. I could only pay $5.00 by getting 1 roll at Kati, but I'm a bit on the greedy side when it comes to food.
so i had no idea what to expect when i came in here because it is an order at the counter fast food spot. however, i was extremely pleased with my meal. $10-$12 for two delicious rolls is definitely a great deal. they're pretty decently sized and super heavy so they definitely filled me up. in order to get the two-fer "deal", you have to get two of the same flavor so i recommend coming with a friend and ordering 2 diff flavors so you get to try one of each, which is what i did. i got one with lamb and one with chicken, both of which were delicious!
Great rolls. Always a very long line during the lunch hour which is why I generally go around 1:30 or after. They are pretty filling, tasty, and smell good, but for $10 + tax for two rolls, I think that's on the expensive side. Would've been 5 stars if the chicken tikka roll for 2 was lowered to around $7 instead.
I was wandering around, looking for a cheap place to eat around Bryant park and stumbled upon this place.Was cheap and delicious. I got the Chicken Unda Roll and though it looks plain on the outside it is very flavorful when you bite into it.I'd recommend it for a nice on the go meal, but it is spacious with a good amount of seats if you decide you want to sit down for awhile.
Two thumbs up for a great Indian style fast food joint! Perfectly spiced and seasoned. The wrap (paratha) was a bit greasy, but was quite satisfying!
Went here during lunch hour. The place was jam packed and it took us 15 min to place our order. Ordered the paneer and chicken rolls. Both were excellent and had superb sauces. Found it a little pricey but thats Manhattan. Excellent overall.
Awesome Unda Alo is awesome! Feels like streets of Delhi in NYC...
Quick and delicious, a great place to go for a midtown flavorful lunch. One Kati roll is not enough, two is complete. it definitely gets crowded during lunch but the line moves rather quickly.You know when a place is good is when their own kind eats here.
These are basically like little Indian burritos!I've tried the shrimp masala roll, aloo masala, and paneer rolls, all of which were very good.  Buy 1 if you want a snack.  Buy 2 if you want to feel just right.  Buy 3 if you want to indulge.  I feel like the price is a little high for how much food you get, but compared to other Midtown eats, this is a good price.
Still love their food, but they get so crowded it's painful to wait and the girls in the cashier are very rude to clients. Not going so often....
Yummy rolls with Indian filling. Tried a couple of them and all were bursting with authentic flavors. gets really crowded at times. One star off as there is not much seating inside but a perfect pick up spot before heading out to Bryant park to enjoy the tasty bites.
These are my favorite Indian rolls in the world and I've had at least 2 different ones, so I'm somewhat of an expert. Crazily enough with my carnivorous tendencies, I like the Achari Paneer the best which is basically just cheese and onions. It's small kind of expensive for the volume, but really fills me up more than expected. Between 12:30 and 1:30 on a weekday the wait is almost unbearable, but I work next door so I often suffer through it and am well rewarded.
The best indian fast food in town.They make the most amazing rolls/wraps. They recently added new rolls which taste amazing. Expanding on the set of amazing rolls they already had.It is a pretty quick eat, unless you hit them when they are really busy. but it is worth the wait. I have only had the vegetarian rolls, but my friends recommend the other rolls as well.Tastes best when hot.
My boyfriend heard this was a must try place in NYC for quick and casual Indian food. Came in around 2 pm and the place was packed. Ordered a number 7 and 8. 7 was alright but number 8 was absolutely fantastic. If you are hungry make sure you get two since they are rather small. 4 stars because of the price and number 7 being so so.
The chicken tikka roll was good. The chai was authentic but not masala (spicy) enough for me.
Not gonna lie, I'm just not seeing what people are so crazy about. I tried two of their "most popular" (in their words) rolls and I felt a little sick after eating them. The flavor was nothing special, really just exactly what's on the menu goes into the rolls (like chicken + onions, etc). I was really hoping for a great experience based on the reviews, but I was definitely disappointed.
The food is incredibly fresh & delicious, all hand made, and  no preservatives. They have a friendly staff & a fantastic Human Resource Manager. I would recommend the shrimp roll , unda chicken, and the Mango Lassi. AAAAAAAAmmazingggg !!I give them an  A+ on food and staff. 5 star, would recommend for catering!
Worst customer service ever! Janiele was the person taking the order. No courtesy! Turning away customers! The rolls are great, but he killed it for all of us, a group of 15! Terrible for the business!
Quite possibly the most delicious fast food I have ever had.  Seriously.  I used to work about 10 blocks away and would go here way too often.  Now that I am 50 miles away, I have been known to make the 50 mile train trip for Kati Roll (and some other non-Yelp NYC delicacies).  If your favorite foods are Indian and Mexican, I have a hankering that this may also be your favorite fast food place, or soon will be.
Prime location makes Kati Roll is good lunch spot for times square work crowd.  It does get crowded and the shop is really small, so plan to take out instead of dine in.  Line moves pretty fairly fast during peak hour. Highly recommend the Unda rolls.  That layer of eggs add just enough smoothness and depth of flavor to the already amazing roll.  I think it's pricey for the portion, but since it's midtown where there aren't a lot of good/quick lunch spot, they are right on the niche.
Superb vegetarian options are available here. Pretty nice and cozy environment. I really like the achari paneer, chana masala and egg roll. They serve nice Indian masala tea as well.
I don't know why it took me so long to go to Kati Roll. I've always enjoyed Indian food and I even enjoyed the Chipotle meets Indian goodness of Hot Clay Oven. I came here on a Sunday a couple weeks ago with my girlfriend to grab some takeout before heading back to my place to watch Breaking Bad (which I'm now so upset is over!) For those of you unfamiliar with the rolls that Kati Roll serves, they are pieces of meat, paneer and/or vegetables rolled in a paratha (an Indian flatbread, similar to Naan, but made from whole wheat flour). We ordered many different rolls, the Unda Roll, Chicken Tikka Roll, Unda Chicken Roll, Shami Kabab Roll and the Achari Paneer Roll. Each roll was delicious, I liked the Unda Rolls with the egg in them, I'm not used to associating eggs with Indian food, so it was a nice change. The Paneer roll was also delicious, the Indian cheese was, in my opinon, the perfect filling for the rolls they sell. I think the best thing to do is order a couple that sound good to you and a couple that you normally wouldn't think to order - this way you can get an unbiased opinion about which ones you like the best. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the ones my girlfriend picked out and vice versa. Beware, though. It can be VERY hectic! When I was there, there was a pretty long line (that moved very quickly to order, but food still took about twenty minutes). There was not much available seating when we there, but there are a decent number of tables, so at a less busier time it's probably easy to get one. The staff were very helpful, though, and not rude in any way. My girlfriend had asked for a hot chai tea when we ordered our food, but they just ran out and had to make another batch. They weren't sure if it was going to be ready by the time our food came so we were advised to not order it. In about 15 minutes, our food was still not ready, but a new batch of hot tea was. We thought we were going to have to wait in the (even longer) line again in order to get the tea, but to our surprise an employee walked over to us with a cup! She took our $2 so we didn't need to wait in line again. Amazing service! If you like Indian food, or really, if you just don't mind the flavors, you should give Kati Roll a try. It's a nice twist on Indian cuisine and a delicious dinner at a low price.
Amazing yummie roll. I went on a Saturday at 10:45 and the place was packed. Chicken tikka is amazing! The place is small with limited seating but Bryant park is close by so to go is a good option.5 stars! My new favorite place!
It's.... Whatever. Service is terrible they didn't have the bread ready. I waited 15 min for a sandwich that took 30 seconds to make???
Food is great but service is terrible. It's supposed to be Indian fast food "street food" but takes forever with slow moving lines. Too bad, this place could make so much money because the food is so good if run even half way efficiently. Let's hope more of these types of places open up.
Spicy deliciousness. Unda or tikka rolls.... Get two. One roll is small....and if u r really hungry, get three!The beef or chicken have this yummy grill slight char taste, it.s so flavorful and the other ingredients and spices added compliment each other so well, and the roll itself is soft and absorbs all the flavors...it.s great!
Any time I suggest this place to someone new their first question is, of course, "But what's a kati roll?" and the simplest way I can explain is to say, "why, it's an Indian burrito!" Am I wrong? OK maybe I am, but it's a portable parcel of spiced deliciousness in a vaguely burrito-esque configuration and I think they are darn tasty. I don't go there often, being a gal who prefers lighter lunches, but when I do I am never disappointed with what I got. The only meat I eat is fish so I can't speak for the quality or taste of the beef or chicken variations, but today I tried the relatively new Shrimp Masala Roll and I think I'm in love. One word of warning - if you attempt to obtain kati rolls during peak lunch hour, say 12:15 to 1:30 or thereabouts, be prepared to wait. And wait. And you might even wait a little more than that. Bring a friend to talk to, bring a book, bring a smartphone, or formulate your next yelp in your mind if you've gone empty-handed and friendless. Not that that's the review I'm Yelping right now... OK FINE, IT IS.Now if you will excuse me, I have an Aloo Masala (spiced potato) Roll to tuck into.
Always ask for extra chili!!! Even if you don't usually eat spicy foods, it adds so much more dimension and pizzazz to their already awesome food, that it's absolutely worth the few moments of hotness.  My only complaint about this place is how slow they serve the food.  I've had to wait up to 15 minutes before.  That's just not okay for a fast-food type joint like this.  Overall, 3.5/5 for the slow service.
I finally made it to one of these places!I had the shrimp tikka roll and the curry potato roll.  Both were good.  (Of course I would have love more spice.....)This place is good for a cheap Indian food fix when you are by yourself.  A sit-down Indian restaurant on your own can be overkill (in terms of price and portion size).  The Kati Roll line is long at times and they take a while to put out the food at times, but it's still Indian fast food and it's pretty damn good.If you are very hungry get two rolls, if not (or watching your weight), just get one roll and pick up a piece of fruit somewhere later.Check it out!
In our short trip to NYC we visited this place twice. Excellent rolls at very reasonable prices. The chai is great as well. Very well managed and their Manager Scott is very friendly and runs a good operation.
Delicious and friendly staff at decent prices. Definitively do the bubble order unless you want a snack.
I have been to this place a few times over the past couple years. After really enjoying my latest visit I decided to write a review.I highly recommend the Chicken and Paneer options but would stay away from the potato one. Typical cafe style where you order and pay at the counter.Lastly- Try the homemade Chai at the end!
Tried the Chicken Tikka & Aloo Masala Rolls on Paratha flatbread.The Chicken was better than the Aloo, but overall I think both were a little dry. They could have benefited from a bit of sauce or something help it go down better. More curry sauce? Some yogurt sauce? Something....However, it's a nice little package all rolled up tightly. Not too expensive and good on the run.
I have been here couple of times. The rolls are great If you are a vegetarian try the mixed veggie roll and paneer roll they are good. Good for a Small group. It would be great if try keep the restaurant neat and clean.
I'm a sucker for Indian food so when my Indian friends brought me here after a night of drinking, I found a new love!  Simple rolls filled with chicken, beef, lamb, paneer, egg, or potatoes.  Throw a little onion and a whole lot of spices, and you've got yourself a winner!  I'm also happy to admit that these also taste amazing when alcohol is not involved so any time I'm in the area and want something quick, I'll stop here and get a chicken tikka roll, or two.  Can't really beat the price either...one for $5 or two for $9.
One of the best places to have indian fast food (although keep sometime in hand as you may have to stand in line to get the food).  The anda- aloo, chicken and chana masala are my favorite.  It's a good place to snack at any time during the day.
Awesome rolls...i had #8 (chicken with egg).  just enough spice but not too much.
On my last trip to NY in April, I actually did a repeat dine (which I try not to do in a city that has so many offerings) at Kati Roll. That alone is a testament that this place has something delicioso. There was a cold spell, so the hot portable rolls were perfect! I always get an (unda) chicken tikka roll and have tried the shami (lamb), shrimp, and aloo rolls. Faves are the unda chicken and shrimp.  So good and cheap. The paratha that they wrap the fillings in is soft and chewy and just a bit thicker than a flour tortilla (but as good as a freshly made one).  The green chutney that they add to the onions is spicy so that adds to the heat (and what makes it so perfect to eat on a cold day). One roll is good for a mid-day snack, and I love buying a couple different ones and sharing. I have also been to the Macdougal location and both are good.
Amazing, I always heard of this place from my friends.it is a definitely a must-try place in new york.Definitely spicy but really good.The prices are high considering there is not nice decor in the area
nothing too great about this place. was expecting a better quality bread for the roll. i asked if they made the bread fresh and the girl replied in the affirmative. i really find that hard to believe. if so, they need to improve their recipe. its too thin, flimsy, and oily. needs to be more of a home made 'parata' type of roll to have any substance to it. i tried the chicken tikka, chaapli kabob, and the aloo masala. again, it was all 'meh'. don't get the hype.
so good!  the salad was good. the beef and chicken rolls were good.
It was alright. I was pretty excited to try this place based on the reviews but I was extremely underwhelmed. I got the achari paneer and the chicken tikka based on the reviews. Meh. It doesn't come with chutney so I probably should have bought a side of chutney but I thought the rolls were dry, despite being so greasy. And at the end of the day, it's pricey for the little amount of food you get. Also, they were out of roti so I couldn't go for the healthier option. Not worth the money or the calories.
these aint Kati rolls.. could taste way better.
The quality has gone bad. Paneer was old and had a stomach problem rest of the day.
so good. their chicken tikka roll is da bomb.the manager(?) dude was there when i visited and he was welcoming customers/shaking hands. def gave me a good energy. good vibe. great food!
3.5 stars. Great tasting Kathi rolls, but the wait is too long. Order in advance and pick it up in 15 minutes. Super casual spot to grab a bite. One kathi roll would mostly leave you hungry, so I always get two.Don't buy the green chutney for a quarter, its a joke (green colored water).
Excellent kati rolls.  The meats are moist and flavorful, and they offer whole wheat roti!  I like these more than the cart nearby, but with that said this place is more expensive.  You get what you pay for.
I use to come here all the time about 2 years ago, and boy have things changed! My rolls had absolutely no flavor and were very dry. I think they forgot to put in the sauce maybe? Despite the bland boring flavor which was definitely not worth the extra calories, the service was poor. When I first came in the gentleman behind the counter was on his cell phone and pacing back and forth cursing at whoever he was on the phone with. There was no one else in line and I was standing there waiting to order. The gentleman did not acknowledge me once and continued to go about shuffling through receipts is what it looked like. Another person was working at the register and also did not acknowledge me whatsoever. I politely said "excuse me I have been waiting to order." He then pointed at the other guy who fooling around with receipts and abruptly said "he's not taking orders" -- so then I move over about 10 inches where I guess I should have been standing in order to be acknowledged and placed my order. Had the place been busy and hectic I would totally understand and would not be making a fuss, but I was the ONLY one in line and was just flat out ignored until I spoke up. Once I got my order, the guy gave it to me and said "I can't give you a bag for this" when there were clearly a stack of plastic bags sitting right next to him. Was my order too small? I have no idea and these rude people had no intention on explaining.-All that topped off with bland, dry food = 1 star for me.
YUM. I  never seem to have a much more original opening line when I love a place, but it's well-deserved.Came here today for lunch with my off-the-boat halal indian friend. I figured if i'm getting Indian food in NYC, she will be the best judge. I checked the menu out beforehand but didn't fully come to a decision. I took the depressing walk up Broadway to 39th (I hate herald square. How does it always take me 45 min to walk 7 blocks?) and come to the storefront for Kati. The line was all the way to the door so I got worried - however, thanks to my fellow yelpers, I was prepared for this and gave myself extra time (my clients and their problems could wait... nothing comes in between me and my paratha).Got to the front of the line and had a mini panic attack... with so many options, was I really prepared for my order? Knowing how long the line was, I cracked and chose 2 chicken tikka masala rolls (one of my FAVORITE indian dishes). However, I didn't even check to see if they had paneer (my other favorite indian food), but apparently they do, though it's marinated 'in a spicy pickle' which sounds gross. OK.. best priced meal for the amount you get in this area. I know everyone says they get 2 rolls, and I followed suit... however, I was full after 1! considering I could've eaten a satisfying meal for $5 (5 for 1, $9 for 2), hands down this is a better value than much of midtown lunch. The roll was amazing! I love spicy, and even this had more of a kick than I was prepared for. Oh and the approval of my friend? Definitely. She got the same and the unda shami roll which she said was even better.Even though it was crowded, it was pretty easy to get a table, so definitely a place you can sit and eat at, as long as you don't mind feeling like you're eating on a boat (table was wobbly as shit so the boat analogy was due to a boat rocking? Get it? Ok forget it, I get it's lame).I have to go back soon and try their other rolls.... but definitely one of the best places i've eaten in this tourist-drenched area.
This place is the best and extremely affordable!I can proudly say I've tried most of the menu, my favorite is the chicken tolls roll. The chicken is very moist and flavorful and the nan is cooked to perfection!.Although this place gets packed for lunch between 1130 and 2. I suggest you order on the phone and pick up at the counter.
This was my first visit to this location of Kati, as I have visited the Village location numerous times.  I went on a Saturday at lunch (1 PM).First off, there is quite a bit more seating area at this location compared to the other one, which is nice.The kitchen is open and spacious and directly behind the cash register.  I LOVE that!  Brownie points for letting me see what you are doing to/with the food!Staff was polite and to-the-point.  Courteous.The rolls were very good, even though I ate them about an hour later when they were cold.  I had two paneer rolls.  Cheese was great and chunky.  Green sauce was so mild, that the two-year-old diner ate all of her egg roll without a peep about the sauce.  Other diner had a chicken roll, which he devoured quickly, giving a thumbs-up when I asked whether it was good.Kati never disappoints.  I love Kati.
So. Good. I've had the chicken tikka and the spicy aloo masala rolls, and they were both really, really good. I think two rolls is perfect to satisfy me (I once bought one, walked to 42nd, then walked back to get a second). The flavors are fantastic, the roti is yummy (it maintains some crisp but is easy to bite into), and it all works out perfectly, especially if you like a little spiciness in your food. Cost is low (around 5.50 for one), but the sizes may not be for everyone. They are quite small (but like I said, they were enough for me)!
AVOID!!!!!I am cool with gruff service.  This is NYC and frankly I do not require hospitable service to enjoy a dining establishment.  That said, I have never encountered the level of aggressiveness and disrespect that I received from the manager at Kati Roll. One star for the rolls-which are honestly not bad but ZERO STARS for the service.  Maybe I would try another location, but I will NEVER return to the midtown west Kati Roll.
Oh my good god...The chicken tikka roll is divine. This place is no muss, no fuss, great food and hits the spot. I'm a repeat repeat customer.
Any place with amitabh bachan posters as the decor of the place deserves at least 4 stars, add on excellent food at prices even people on a budget can afford and you get the acclaimed 5 star yelp review!By far my favorite is the unda shami roll.  The chicken unda is so good as well.  It's a popular late night spot.  The grease from the paranthe coupled with the spices definitely hits the spot as long as you don't mind waiting about 30 minutes in line.  Most of the time though everyone there is fun and also kinda drunky so time flies.  Althoough I was there once when a drunken sean paul wanna be thought he was too cool for the line and when someone called him out  it resulted in a full fledged brawl...reminded me of the drunken days in college when we had nothing to do and not much to lose.  Now that we're all big and grown folks (except the sean paul wanna be) I haven't seen any fights here.
So...an establishment that clearly uses green sauce to make their rolls claims that they don't have it, but instead they will give you chopped up jalapenos to make your rolls spicy. Uhhh...okay, I dig.I tried it for the first time today with two of my desi friends (not a justification) who eat a lot (so a justification). Got to try a beef, chicken, and paneer roll. If you're not a vegetarian, I would recommend for you to go for the beef or chicken rolls, because they are most flavorful. I also don't recommend the roti bread, even though it is the only whole wheat option. So moral of the story is... think yummy, not healthy. (Writers of "Skinny Bitch" would totally look at me in shame right now)
I'm not normally into Indian, but this place is delicious!  Try the lamb roll for sure.  Incredibly friendly service.
Somehow the rolls at this location tasted better than the same ones we had at McDougal. Weird. Good stuff...love the healthier whole wheat roti option. Achari Aloo is my fave.
Uber tasty, quick, and cheap!Kati Roll offers Indian classics like aloo masala, paneer, channa masala, etc rolled up in bread.The great news is they cost only a few dollars individually - you can double up and get two of the same. Unfortunately, no mixing/matching on that particular special.Counter service - a perfect meal to grab on the go & venture to Bryant Park on a nice day.Had the aloo masala on my first visit - slightly spicy & after devouring two I was ready to take on my afternoon. Will definitely be back!
I have a rule to never eat at an ethnic place not packed with people of the ethnicity food comes from. At Kati we were the only whiteys on a Friday night :-)Wife and I  got bit of a sampling. Chicken was just right, lamb was spectacular, spiced potatoes - perfect. Our hotel is a block away and I am tempted to go back an hour after I ate. If you like bland food - this ain't your place. If you love ethnic food - you will love it.
A true sign of a 5 star rating is when you've when, given the choice of 10,000 places to dine, you strategize daily on why you need to travel 40 blocks to dine a dimly lit and strangely laid out Indian fast food spot that serves 10 items you've never seen at another Indian restaurant. Maybe that's why. I can only describe it as Curry Burritos. And I could eat them morning, noon, and night.
My visit started out great and took a weird turn at the end. The interior is great, the music is perfect, and the menu looked promising. They didn't have any iced tea (snapple is flat soda), so I ordered a can of seltzer. I tried ordered two different rolls, the Aloo Masala and the mixed veggie. They were heavier and not as well spiced as Roomali on Lexington & 27th, but I wasn't anywhere near there so this did ok. I had ordered a side of chutney but it didn't come with our order, and after looking at the check we weren't charged for it. It didn't seem worth the bother to get back in line so we let it go.The manager came by our table and informed my friend that the lassi was made with donnybrook yogurt, which is awesome. He then asked us to like them on Facebook, which I would have if it wasn't for what happened at the end.The food comes on these little reusable wood trays insulated by a sheet of wax paper. So theoretically, all the packaging is reusable and biodegradable, which is awesome. As we seperated our greasy paper from the wood, I looked around for the recycling for my can. I waited for a minute like a chump at the front until I saw the manager walking in from outside. I asked him "where is your recycling?" He then took the can from my hand, and spoke with wretched cigarette breath "Commercial establishments are not required to recycle" and threw it in the trash. I was kind of dumbfounded that he had just grabbed it from my hand and threw it away when my question clearly implied that I was looking to recycle the can. I asked him that since he wasn't required to do it that meant he didn't intend to, and he repeated the same line to me. I told him that I would have recycled that if he hadn't taken it from my hand. He then offered to get me another one. I told him I just wanted to recycle it. He reached into the trash, got it out, and then reached for a plastic bag to put it in, which totally made sense since I was looking to reduce waste, right? I told him that putting it in a bag would just make it worse, took my can back and left. On the way back to the office, I dipped into a Pret A Manger and dropped the can in their recycling. It would have been one thing if he just said they didn't have recycling, but his answer was as offensive as his cigarette breath. I won't be going back, and neither should you. Roomali has way better roti rolls, and Pret A Manger has a multitude of recycling options.
Love love love.A simple roti wrapped in a whole lot of goodness. unda aloo roll is by far my favorite roll here. The shami kabab roll is pretty good too. I can easily eat 2 of these yummy rolls when Im not even hungry. That should tell you something. :DWe have visitors from out of town tell us that they definitely need to visit this place once before they leave. A must must try.
Although this place gets busy pretty quickly, it's worth the wait. (You can avoid some of the said wait time by placing a pickup order first.) The kati rolls are delicious and worth checking out at least once. Check out my full review with photos on my blog:midtowntakeout.blogspot.…
i was wondering if i had reviewed you - i guess not - so it's about time! KRC is definitely a frequently visited space for us, usually the one downtown post alcohol induced hunger... but this one, the 39th street one, is my sober choice. it is cleaner, less greasy than it's downtown counterpart, and somehow seems (operative word) less unhealthy. make no mistake, one of these rolls is going to cost u enough in gym time ... still i guess you can tell yourself paneer is filled with protein and therefore not real cheesehmm...
I eat lunch every working day. Kati Roll is one of my 2-3 go-to places, where you can feel confident of quality ingredients at a reasonable price and a great taste. Scott,  who may be the manager there is possibly the hardest working service professional in NYC. He maintains a very high standard of customer service and does it all with a smile in a very busy lunch spot where the line goes out that door between 11:30 - 2pm.
Went here for lunch, and was pleasantly surprised. I've never really had Indian food before. I'm always a little afraid it's going to destroy my stomach, and I don't care for spicy food too much. But, my coworkers said this place was legit and they were right.I kept it basic and got 1 chicken burrito and 1 beef burrito. And I think they had egg in them (ordered it "Unda"). The chicken was really good, very basic, but tasty. The beef was even better. They had a great flavor from the grill and the "tortilla" was really different than your standard burrito tortilla, but it went well with the flavors. It was a little expensive for lunch ($12) but it was far better than I was expecting (don't let that Grade Pending sign in the window worry you.... it seemed pretty clean.... at least that's what I'm telling myself) and I'd come back again. Nice thing was I if you scan the bar code on your receipt and do the quick survey on your phone, you can show them the voucher at the counter for a totally free drink.
I'm a big fan. This place is quick and tastes great. Definitely stop here for a midtown lunch. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala Roll and the Shami Kabob Roll (Lamb). I would recommend each. I only gave it a 4 star because I thought $10 to $12 for the standard order of two rolls seemed a bit pricey for Indian street food. I mean, you can get a heaping load of awesome Biryani from a cart the same distance from my office. Just saying.
Delicious rolls...however they are small and filling up can get a little pricey. Yet the meat is good, they are well flavored and spicy.
Very good, tasty and quite healthy, but you should take two cause the rolls are quite small. And the cashier told me that the bread is handmade by them and I trust'em.
These are what you would probably call an Indian burrito, except not as heavy and less filling individually.  However, for lunch, two rolls should be just enough to fill you up.  I got the chicken roll and the unda beef roll, and both were decent.  I like it better with the eggs in it, so I would recommend getting that.  There are also onions and some spices in it.I think the cost is a bit high for what you get, and also everything is a bit dry.  I'm not sure if they put any sauce in it, but it could use something to make it a bit less dry.
Kati Rolls are great, and wide selections. I get their beef kati roll and aloo kati roll are some of my favorite. And for NYC the price is reasonable.
I have been to the Kati roll several times over the past few years.It is not only great for a late night fix, but also for a quick casual meal. I have been to both locations (Mcdougal street and 39th & 5th) and often have to wait a few minutes before I can order. Kati is really like a burrito but instead of rice and beans, its stuffed with chicken / potatoes / Lamb /beef / chickpea or egg. I have tried almost all of the options over the course of time but chicken tikka, aaloo masala and paneer are my top favorites.Recently they also added the option of wheat roll for those who prefer a healthy option.Really recommend this place and craving it!
Awesome place. Try the paneer rolls. Look for Scott at the counter, he will tell you some great stories.
Ok This review is for both the taste and the environment. The place is abit cramped and I believe the layout could be better to hold more people comfortably. I do like the traditional indian feel that you get from the tables and even wall coloring etc so I can't deduct too much from it. Nowwww onto the food.I had both the lamb and chicken wrap with eggs and they are both 5 STARS!!!!! I will probably try their entire menu since that very positive first impression.
This Kati Roll location is MUCH larger, with crowds and tables for them to sit at.  This location has a restroom and got a bad health code rating a few months ago.Seems handicapped accessible.
Aloo masala hit the spot! Perfect walking food.
This was one of my regular lunch spots when I was working in the city. They have a wide selection of kati rolls good for veg and non vegetarians. It's also affordable considering each roll is anywhere from $3.5-6.75. So, if you are looking for something quick and cheap, then it's perfect. Personally, I prefer going to this location because the staff is friendly and accommodating to the spice level you want. I'm not a "hot head" but I can take the heat. I find that you can distinguish between their mild, medium and spicy levels.  My favorite is chicken tikka (medium spicy). I've tried the veg rolls too and they are just as good. Important to note that they get busy during lunch time and late nights on Fridays and Saturdays due to the high demands.
We went in a lunch time. So, there was a huge line with 30 mins wait.I tried Unda roll, Veggie roll and Paneer achari roll. Everything tasted good.If you are going in lunch time, be prepared to wait.Location is as mentioned here but I was little confused as it was a small place.Tried their Mango Lassi. I did not like it. It got more Yogurt taste than Mango.
The food at kati roll company is delicious! At first, I thought that 3 rolls would have been way too much food for one person but, because the rolls are so small and light,  I didn't feel bloated. Also,  it's adequately priced. I'll certainly visit again.
Just go and try their awesome Beef Tikka Roll!!! The bestest Indian burrito!! Trust me, you will thank me later!Loooove the vintage Amitabh Bachchan posters, PRICELESS!!!! Oozing sex appeal, LOL!!!
The hours posted on their website are misleading--we'd stopped in 15 minutes after the posted open time only to be told that they didn't open for another 30 minutes yet.Some slightly less than desirable customer service aside, the food is excellent, arriving quickly, well-prepared, and cheap. An interesting palate makes for a great quick and/or portable lunch. Five-star food with some 3-star business habits.
Why am I finding this just around the corner and I check out of my hotel tomorrow? It gets PACKED and thank god Im brown cause its filled with them as far as the eye can see (which is ALWAYS a good sign of yummy approved food).  You quite don't know where the line starts since everyone seems as they are hanging out. But I notice  that everyone along the wall has receipts in hand and quickly make my way up front. I get:Unda Aloo - quite popular and REALLY filling. I guess its all that spicy potato. Like they say, it has a kick, nothing I couldn't handle but if you are sensitive to spice, head warning. I could've been done with that but I can't ever just order one thing off the menu.  :)Shrimp Masala - By far my fave. It was MUCH skinner than the Unda but really packed the flavor and the shrimp was cooked really well. Something you don't expect from a "fast food joint*". I would get two of these and call it a day. Again, I can't order just one... *not so fast as fast food but I would rather wait an extra 5-10 minutes here than get something out of your typical McBox, BurgerBell spot anyday!!! I eat VERY well living in Oakland/SF area, but I after all the flavorful food I've had out here, I am feeling a bit jealous....
cheap/healthy/good and if your going for lunch get there early cuz the line is out the  door
Achari paneer is awesome... reminds me of home...need three rolls to fill you up
Very good kati rolls and the bottled lassi drink is a nice touch! Came here for an after work bite and this place doesn't disappoint..Will def. come back for the paneer rolls anytime...
So i just went there for lunch since i saw a girl, yesterday on the subway chomping one of these rolls down and they looked delicious..Took a walk over there since i work close by. Small place, simple decor with tables and chairs around to sit and eat. I ordered two chicken rolls for $9.Went back to work and took a bite and the spices kicked me in the mouth lol..it is spicy but its the type of spicy were it slowly creeps up on you with every bite and you feel the heat and start to sweat (well atleast i did) lol..the chicken was a tad bit dry. But overall it was pretty good for my first time.
Didn't live up to all of the hype nor the long wait.  The meat was a bit dry, so the overall wrap was dryer and tougher than what I've come to love from really good wraps.  On the plus side these were spicy and therefore not typical.  Your mileage may vary.  If I'm near it again, I'll give it another shot.
Easily the best kati roll in NYC... Having landed from India couple of weeks ago and the Chana Masala roll is as good as the one you would get in India...Great job in keeping the taste as authentic as possible
I took a star off only because their ridiculous wait times!Visited at 2pm and 9pm on a Friday and Saturday. Both times, over 25 minutes of wait time to get take out. Annoying! Everyone was complaining. Overheard a girl say that she'd been waiting so long, she would have taken anything they had given her, at that point. However, the food? The food is worth the wait!I tried the shrimp, chicken, chick pea and cheese roll.Everything is spicy. There's no mild or medium because the proteins or veggies are already marinated. Luckily, I love spicy food so this was mild for me.The shrimp roti was the best, by faaaar. There were quite a few shrimp there, definitely didn't skimp. I wish I had ordered more than one!Chana masala (chickpea) had the authentic flavour but needed just a bit more salt.The cheese roll was decent enough,  definitely worth a try though.Chicken tikka roll (no egg) was second best!All rolls comes with coriander chutney inside which gives it the spiciness. Unless you want more heat, no need to buy extra chutney for $0.25.Downside: small portions so you do need 2 rolls to fill you up.Masala chai tea and mango lassi are decent.I see why people can eat this stuff every day. It's perfect on the go food.A lot of south Asian people can be seen ordering, so it must be good!
It was good...eh, it was ok. Chicken tikka roll was great, spicy potato roll was not spicy enough or good. Very filling, one roll probably wouldve done the trick for me. ($5)If you come during lunch, its like a 10 minute wait but at least its fresh.Ive had better kati rolls at the famous kati roll truck on 6th and 46th
Delicious lunch of chicken tikka roll and Aloo (potato) roll. Get here before 12:15 to beat the crowd!
Long lines during lunch. Hard to get seating. Cheap prices. Average food. There are better places for a kathi roll than this.
Not a bad choice for lunch, especially since they have a few tables. Pretty decent Kati Rolls. Reasonably authentic flavors, and in a sign of confidence, lots of desis eating here. The paratha which forms the wrap is not greasy. However, only a few things on the menu appeal to me, although it seems quite long, unlike at briyani cart.
Great food, interesting twist.   Go for one with egg inside, definitely helped.  First bite, I was thinking this needs some white sauce, BUT after the fourth bite, I realized there was plenty of moisture, nice spice and a perfect and simple balance, I think achieved by the onions. Go with a small group if you plan on eating there,2 or 3 total.  Must be good conversationists to forget/ignore the vintage Bollywood/Industrial space.Props to SG for bringing me.
Pretty good Indian rolls. Price is not too high.
YUM YUM YUM.  Hits the spot.  I was not drunk like Peter D. when I came here, but I still was in heaven. ;)My coworker ordered me TWO rolls - the Aloo Masala Roll (#2) and the Unda Aloo Roll (#3).  They were very similar except the Unda Aloo had a fried egg in it.  It's a great combination of spice and mashed potatoes.  It definitely had a kick, but just the perfect amount - you taste it and feel it but you don't need a glass of milk.I will definitely order from here again.  Cheap, delicious comfort food.
Was at times square and was way past the usual food serving time of most restaurants. But needed something good and heard a bit about this one.We tried it and it was great. The rolls were great, tasty, cheap and was served late night (went in after 12 AM)The best part of this place is it stays open till 5 AM in morning.The food was tasty and had no complaints on that.Tried the Chicken Unda roll and the Shami kebab roll. Both were awesome.Time to get them was like 5-10 minutes.Yes definitely I have had better tasting kati rolls in India, but this is US and you can't expect the same perfection and that too at this late!The best Indian Street food in NYC!Small place, got a few tables and chairs, but then street food joints are supposed to be small. They take orders on phone as well :)Cost is less too...you have all stuff under $8.You do get a lot of fast food stuff on Times Square, but those are mainly Mediterranean.This is the only Indian joint open this late near Times Square.Definitely worth trying again and again.
BEST lunchie idea ever! I can't wait to go back! I had the mixed veggies and chicken tikka rolls and they were PERFECT!
Great food, super quick and cheap. A small, quick eat kind of place that is always busy. Try the Aloo and Achari Paneer rolls.
Quality Indian rolls. I prefer to go here late nights after clubbing, its not super crowded like it is for lunch time, but excellent grab an go place. I usually get the Unda Beef or the Unda Chicken and the rest of the items on the menu are worth a try too.
Kati Roll (such a creative name) is great. Had a chicken tikka kati roll here--it was very spicy (+1) with a good amount of chicken (+1) and the bread was really good, a little sweet (+1). My only gripe? I had one and I was still kind of hungry (-1). Two would have been too much. Perhaps they should merge with Taj Delhi Chaat, offer TDC's #5 Papri Chaat on their menu, and then I would share it as an appetizer and eat here on a daily basis. Side note: a high proportion of Kati Roll's customers were young and really good looking. Not sure what the deal is, but it's another (+1) for Kati Roll. My friend attributes it to a higher level of hotness the closer you get to the East Side.
Great place and awesome Kati rolls. Went there on a Sunday. I ordered 3 rolls and was out the door in less than 5 minutes.Big flavors, small prices.
Really like their Katirolls! Panner one is the best just ask for extra chutney. It can be really dry sometimes.
Indian-style burritos!Came here at the recommendation of a co-worker. Really fun concept here: They take Indian-spiced fillings (chicken, chickpea, egg, etc) and roll it up in Indian flat bread (roti) for something especially resembling a burrito.I tried the chana masala; which was chick peas, some red onion and blackening spices all wrapped up. The idea is really cool and the wrap was pretty good; Not blow-your-face-off amazing, but definitely memorable. I would have liked it a little more spicy, but I understand they need to make this food accessible to everyone. One roll is not enough for a meal, so make sure to get two if you want to fill up. Its not especially cheap either, 2 will run you about 10 bucks, but this is Manhattan so it is understandable.
Soo good and so convenient! I stop by here all the time on my way home from work. Quick, easy to order and so many options. For a healthier alternative, try a roll on a roti, which is a great substitute for a traditional roll that doesn't detract much from the taste. I love that the company is constantly innovating with their menu and adding new things, such as the mixed vegetable roll, which is a new favorite here.Another major plus is that they are open until 5am on Fridays and Saturdays, which is clutch for those post-drinking food cravings!
Overwhelmed by tasty options... Bring on the heat! Very impressed by the one stuff with shrimp.  Then again, think I like 'em all.
Awesome taste! I hv been to Calcutta many times & Rolls hv been my favourite fast food. I can vouch that the rolls here come closest to the original invention. My favourite here was the Shammi Egg role , an incredible innovation. Chicken Tikka was as good as the original. Shrimp masala was meh.
A reasonable price for the rolls. Very good as expected. A little bit salty for me but I believe it will be ok for the most. Very interested in the yellow mango drink on almost everyone's table. I ordered 2 for 4 dollars each. Expensive than I thought but also taste good. Maybe they try to offer cheap rolls but make additional money form their drinks ~
My first time in NY I visited this place and I fell in love. This is a great quick snack or 4th meal and it's become a requirement for me to visit at least once whenever I'm in town. I've had every roll on the menu, but my favorite would be beef and egg. I wish they had something like this here in Seattle. I can't wait to get back to NY and Kati Rolls!
If you know me you know I get cranky if I have to go to the same place twice.  Why go back when there are millions of new things to do?Well this was my second time at Kati - and I wasn't cranky.  In fact I chose it.  I went by myself.  Great lunch spot.  Gets a little busy at peak lunch times like all places in midtown Manhattan, but worth the wait.  Paneer is one of my favorite foods ever, so I went for the Paneer Kati - twice, and was pleased both times.  Spicy, but not hot.  Full of wonderful flavors - and my fav, crunchy red onion. Kati - you might even convince me to come back a third time, and perhaps expand my horizons.
HELLA GOOD!the naan-type bread, sauce, beef and egg was so good! a couple coworkers and I stopped by around noon and the place was packed! we were in a hurry and almost missed the opportunity to try it! but I persisted and we wound up waiting about 15 minutes for our food! not bad when it looks like there were at least 30 people waiting in line! i will say, the spicy level is OFF THE CHART. if you aren't the biggest fan of FIRE/burning of the lips, definitely have a glass of water ready! I almost passed out because I wanted to keep eating but the spice level was insane.
unique but over hyped.I got a chicken tikki roll and a shami kabab roll ( lamb). The chicken tikki roll was flavorful but was pretty dry and salty. Their water cups were tiny as hell and my thirst couldn't be quenched.  The shami kabab was a bit better about being not dry but once again was very salty.    I probably walked out of there gaining more weight from water than food.
I had been hearing about Kati rolls months before I visited NY for the first time. When I finally got here, I was afraid the place might not live up to its reputation.  With old bollywood movie posters and desi music in the background, the ambiance is quite kitsch. But when u try their mixed veg roll, you understand why everybody has been raving about this place. This place is non-pretentious, non-fancy good good!
Perfect.  Cheap, filling, and delicious.  My favorite is the Chicken and Unda (chicken and egg) roll - the closest to a Calcutta street style roll as I've found outside Calcutta.   Shami kebab is so-so in my opinion (a friend loves it).  One roll is a snack, two rolls make a meal.  I strongly recommend rolls with Unda (egg).  I think it helps "join" the flavors of the meat and bread.
Good, cheap, lunch options, aside from standard sandwich fare, are pretty limited working in this area of midtown.  And even though Kati Roll is a bit of a hike from the office, I will often go out of my way to come here for lunch.There is usually a line at lunchtime but, really, if a place isn't crowded at lunch, I probably don't want to eat there.  Regardless, the ordering process is organized ($10 CC limit) and there is usually seating, even during lunch hours.The rolls are pretty darn tasty, nice & spicy, and definitely affordable for midtown lunch options.
All I have to say is....please open up in Houston, Tx!!!! My husband and I came to visit my sister in NYC and she got us hooked!! You can't go wrong with any of the rolls, they are ALL amazing (my personal favorite is the aloo roll) !!! Great service, fair pricing and awesome food- what more could you ask for!? :-)
The flavors of the chana masala roll were nice, but the price was a bit steep. I feel like a buck or two was going to the brick and mortar cost, when this business could probably work just as well as a food cart.
I've found that the best way to describe this place to my non-Indian friends is simply: Indian soft tacos. Anytime I'm in a 10-block radius of this place and my stomach is growling, I make it a point to get some Kati Rolls.The menu is so simple a child could order my faves by pointing to the pictures of a potato and egg (Unda Aloo) and chicken and egg (Unda Chicken).  Be aware that these are not the only ingredients in the roll, but simply the main attraction.  The spices and red onions that accompany the main ingredients in a warm chapati are what really make the rolls spark. Put your trust in the Kati Roll Company, and I guarantee you won't be disappointed...unless you truly hate fresh, flavorful, and ethnic food that's a great value and a quick lunch.  If so, I don't know what you are doing in NYC.
3.5 stars.Thin wraps (now available in whole wheat) with flavorful fillings. The meat option (beef, chicken, lamb) have a good spicy kick to them, but can sometimes become dry if not enjoyed while it's still hot.  The Angelo shrimp roll has a pleasant sweetness to it and the potato one tastes delightfully similar to samosa filling.  The kati rolls are made to order, so even when you're the only customer there, it takes about 5-8 minutes to get your food.  Other reviewers mention that 2 kati rolls are very filling, but I find that I can almost always comfortably enjoy 3 in a setting - which is probably why I don't find the price for a meal to be as cheap.
Absolutely delicious, and lovely ambience. We tried the Aloo Masala, the Achari Paneer, and the Chana Masala rolls - each of which was fantastic, with wonderful combinations of spices and a rare depth of flavour for what feels like guilty fast food. So good, I had to go back and order seconds. The restaurant itself is also very cool, with a great soundtrack, and funky decor. I'll be returning again and again.
This place is so tasty. I had one aloo and one channa and they were so tasty. I'm docking a star because like everyone else has pointed out, they are really over priced. If they were $2 cheaper, this would be my to-go place. Normally, I wouldn't deduct a star for price, but for how small each roll is... I just wish we could mix and match rolls for the  "2 for..." price.
SO good.  I got the one with potato and egg and it was SUPER spicy but it was like eating an Indian flavor infused breakfast burrito with a giant kick in the mouth (in a good way).This place gets super packed in the wee hours of the night/morning after a long night of partying so make sure you have the patience to sit around.
Delicious. Two chicken kati rolls transported me back to my Bombay days.The cilantro chutney was ON POINT. Super spicy and super flavorful. The chicken breast was juicy and not dry. Vegetables were freshly chopped. The roti (paratha?) was flaky, warm, and not too heavy.I closed my eyes after my first bite and my toes curled a little. That should tell you something. Now to find a boy that has the same effect on me....
Yum! Random find late at night this past weekend. The food is convenient and very flavorful. I am also a fan of anywhere that has solid late night vegetarian options. Minus one star for being very tiny with no bathroom.
Their food is good but is way too long to wait a roll, it took 12 mins to get my snack....i cant believe.
AVOID THIS PLACE! Bed bugs and bug infested junk. Food might be ok but the place is absolutely disgusting. If the sitting area itself is that disgusting, god knows what's going on in kitchen. I will report this for restaurant inspection.
Fantastic rolls..so flavorful and perfect spices..I tried all the rolls and chicken tikka and achari planner were best and unda roll came a close second ..chai/tea is good too. Great place to grab a quick bite
This place makes me wanna drive 3.5 hours to nyc just to get lunch. Really awesome kathi rolls...seriously, really awesome. My fav: unda shaami roll. I would eat these endlessly had i not been limited physiologically beyond a certain point. The unda (egg) chicken roll & unda beef rolls were also super.
Oh Kati Rolls, how I love thee. Let me count the ways....1) your easy to read, easy to decide to-the-point menu.2) your no nonsense order and receiving line.3) your mouth watering unda beef roll always clears my sinuses.4) your unda aloo gives me dreams of samosas.Did I notice that you deliver now? How I wish you were coming with me to Miami!
Great food, courteous employees, but interminably slow service. I don't care how good it is waiting over 25 minutes for what is essentially a delicious Indian burrito is unacceptable. There was one man making rolls and you have 20 people standing waiting for take out- how and why is that a smart way to work? There's a huge kitchen in back, and there were half a dozen workers milling around. How Kati Roll Company? Please get it together Kati Roll company!
I went in at 11pm on a Saturday night and it was hopping; great crowd, up tempo Indian dance/club music, and an energetic staff.  More importantly the aromas were heavenly and the wraps were small, but superbly seasoned.  Salads were also fresh, included organic greens, and smartly paired with delicious dressings (lime cilantro and the cumin tamarind were tasty).  Nicely pressed, too.Fast and delicious Indian wrap carry-out joint in Midtown.  I'll be back.
Today I was in the mood for some spicy comfort food to warm me up after standing for hours chilled to the bone behind my concierge desk.I told myself (this is a game I sometimes play with myself) that I could only spend the money I had made on tips today on lunch, so Kati Roll seemed like an excellent bet.I had two (yes I KNOW they are really fattening!). One was spiced mutton and the other a spicy potato/vegetable. Both were very savory, spicy and just hot enough to warm me for a precious few moments before I returned to my frozen perch...
Oh heck yes, this place is DELISH. The chicken one was OK (but take this with a grain of salt, I'm not the biggest chicken fan) BUT OMG the Achari Paneer Roll ROCKED MY WORLD. So. FREAKIN. good.
The goddess Laxmi must have been smiling upon me this day because there was a wealth of flavor and goodness all up in those Kati rolls. Good god I missed this place, so suffice it to say this magical combination of flaky, grilled roti with a myriad of possibilities inside (go for the veggie mix roll!) will not disappoint taste buds or memory. NOMS
My lady and I stopped in for late lunch at Kati the other day and we were not disappointed.  This was a go-to when I worked in midtown, and nearly two years later, they are still delivering consistently delicious smack-your-lips-around-this-kati-roll-goodness.  The two of us shared a combo of four rolls, which we thought was plenty (even on hungry bellies, the portion size is right!).  All were good.  It wasn't too busy, so the manager Scott took some time to welcome and talk to us, which was nice.  Bottom line - go here if you like quick delicious Indian food.
Great atmosphere with quick service.   Food was very good at the price.    Well seasoned and the aloo masala roll had a nice heat that came after you were able to taste the rest of your bite.
I can already tell this will be my weekly treat between scheduled appointments. The shami unda roll is divine and the chai is good. They're pretty helpful about telling you spice levels for the various options.  Can't wait to try them all.
After waiting 20 minutes (!!?!?!) I rushed back to the office I opened my to go bag.  Just taking them out, my hands were covered in grease ( though I shouldn't be surprised since I watched the guys behind the counter drowning the bread in oil).  These were also pretty big, about 7 inches... I was waiting for a stomach ache and food coma ahead.Unda Beef RollThis was with pickled red onions, eggs and beef in a spicy green coriander sauce. The bread was pretty flaky and chewy (just like if naan bread had sex with pastry dough and gave birth to this). The eggs however, were ridiculously over cooked and dry, I immediately needed a glass of water. The beef had an interesting texture... pliable, almost spongy. I wasn't a huge fan of that texture, but the spices completely marinated into the meat and the onions added a nice fresh hit. The whole roll could have used another healthy douse of sauce, over all pretty dry. Unda Aloo RollThis was with egg and potato along with the red onions, and spicy coriander sauce. The potato was pretty much flavorless other then the sauce that they added. The texture was great however, soft, and mushy (which helped moisten the dry eggs).  Again, this could have used another helping of sauce to add some more flavor. Overall: good hangover/ drunk food- not  that impressed sober
This place is awesome. Went there for the first time this Winter. The Kati Rolls are filled with flavor. The only drawback is there isn't enough seating. We had to wait 15 mins to get seats.
Perfect place for a quick snack or lunch with reasonable prices! Their rolls are delicious, well flavored with spices, and also very hot and freshly made. Although I had two yummy rolls, I didn't find myself full. I would recommend this place for a quick bite to eat, but not for a meal or dinner. Despite that, the food is so good, I'll definitely make a point to stop here again and try the other flavors!
To my experience the best of the Kati Roll Company's locations. Take on the egg and the new shrimp roll. An absolute oasis in the desert that is the midtown lunch scene. K
I work a few blocks away and decided to come in during lunch to see what the hype is all about. Bottom line is, I shouldn't have .. - Ridiculous line, okay so its peak time but there is no room to even stand. People were packed like sardines.- Line took forever. Do people really need to order 5 or 6 different rolls, plus order food for the rest of the office? - These rolls are way overpriced - did I really spend more than $10 bucks for 2 small ass rolls? - After you order you stand around again for your number to be called (good luck finding a spot without being in the way) Oh look my number is finally called! Out from the restaurant I go, a half hour later smelling like food which took only 2 minutes to eat. THE ROLLS WERE JUST OKAY -OH AND GREAT I'M STILL HUNGRYWhat a waste of my half hour, I could've just gone to the Briyani cart paid half the amount of money, less hassle and be fully satisfied.This is just a money making scheme and you all fell for it !!!!!!!!!
I've been craving Kati Rolls for as long as I can remember, but every time I get from the street carts it just doesn't seem to satisfy. If your looking for delish kati rolls filled with flavor this is the spot! The chicken tikka roll and the unda chicken roll are amazing! Well seasoned, filled with the right amount of everything, and very fulfilling. It is a small store front but don't go by its interior otherwise you will regret it! It seemed quite busy with every one that kept coming in and out, but quickly space turned up irregardless of it being a Saturday evening. Can't wait to go back to try the others on the menu!
Sad. I love this place but the cashier pays more attention to people calling to place orders than the people standing there waiting patiently forever. Disappointed. Had to walk out.
I like this location better than the one in West Village. Tasty and reasonably priced Indian "fast" food. A lovely treat !
A few of my co-workers and I got lunch from here today ad I loved it. I had the UNDA ROLL and it was so savory but they didn't go overboard on the flavor. I am definitely a fan and I cannot wait to try out other options on the menu.
I love carbs. I love meat. You can't go wrong here. Simple but great concept - i kind of wish they had a food truck as well, since delivery doesn't reach my apartment. Price could be a tad cheaper, but still yummy.
Figured I would write a quick review while I still had the sniffles from the spice!!  Yes - this is a good thing!  I was a Kati Roll virgin until today and now that I know what I've been missing I can't wait to try everything else on their short yet to the point menu!This location of Kati Roll Company is located on the same block as two other Indian Restaurants that I frequent for lunch.  It always intrigued me as there is a consistent line out the door, so I was smart enough to call my order ahead. Again, I was new to the whole Kati Roll concept so I trusted the suggestions of other Yelpers on what to order.  I went with the Achari Paneer Roll (grilled cottage cheese cubes) and the Shrimp Masala Roll.  But were tasty but being the condiment queen that I am, I now know that the Paneer Roll is a bit on the dry side.  That Shrimp Masala Roll though!?!  Man-oh-man:  the spices were JUST RIGHT!  Really well seasoned, succulent shrimp marinated in coconut milk - I'm hooked and getting this one next time for sure along with another.  I will work my way up down and around the menu til I try them all cause the price is right and the flavor is intensely packed into these delicious handheld eats!
After one visit, I'm addicted. I had the Shrimp Masala roll & the Achari Paneer roll. The Shrimp Masala may just be the most deeeelish thing I've had in ages. Shrimp marinated in coconut milk & spices, it was like heaven wrapped in flatbread. The Achari Paneer was a solid roll, full of cheese & flavor, obviously blander than the Shrimp Masala. Made it a good companion roll. One roll may not be enough, but two will certainly fill you up. Great in and out for lunch, will cost you about 15 bucks.
Holy Yummiest Yum!This was the best Indian fast food I ever had...In simple terms, Kati roll is toasted naan bread filled with a complex mixture of meat (or mashed potato,or shrimp), sliced red onions and spicy Indian seasonings. Two rolls will fill you up, unless u have a bigger appetite.Also,don't be fooled by the dark windows and think it's not busy. Make sure to give yourself plenty of time as sometimes it takes nearly 20 min to get my order and I work across the street.Other than that, two thumbs up!!!
Perfect lunch spot, or for a quick bite.  I had the Unda Chicken roll and it was delicious!
Kati Rolls are like Indian soft tacos.  Delicious, greasy tacos.I ordered a Alooh Masala (spicy potato) roll and a Achari Paneer (cheese) roll.  I enjoyed the potato better because it was a little more flavorful.  I wish both were spicier and the bread was less greasy, but nonetheless, they were still good.You can order just one roll, but I think two make for a real meal.  There's some decent seating, but why stay when you can take it to go to Bryant Park?They accept credit/debit cards, but the min is $20.00!
Delicious. Kinda expensive for what you're getting, but still, it's really tasty and convenient to carry around and eat on the go. The rolls are a little greasy, and you have to pick the right meat (beef was a little dry), but it's very tasty over all with the curry / spices going on in your mouth. I'll definitely be back and I'll probably try some of the other rolls next time.
Aloo Masala!! Make it two for $8.25 and you've got a lunch and then some. Vegan. Delicious. Outstanding spice. Man, I love this place. Highly recommended! Cheers!!!
Love the kati rolls here - especially unda beef and unda chicken rolls.  Although Biryani cart has my FAVORITE kati rolls, the Kati Roll Company is my second favorite.  And then have tables/seats - which isn't an option when you purchase at the Biryani cart.
I have to preface this review by stating that I'm not a huge fan of Indian cuisine. That said, I found the rolls quite tasty. My lunch date and I shared three rolls and it was plenty for the two of us. I found it interesting that they don't have forks and knives here -- at first I was a tad irritated but then I thought, kudos to them for being environmentally friendly.No the rolls are not huge -- however, for those of us who count calories, that's probably a good thing. They have a nice selection of Snapple beverages in addition to the standard Coca-Cola fare.We arrived at 11:45 on a Wednesday -- good move as there was no line and seating was plentiful. The table near the front window is especially nice since it's not near the others and you have a nice view of the street.Kati Roll is fun and different -- definitely worth at least one visit, even if you're not an Indian food fan, like yours truly.
Definitely the most convenient, yet "new kid on the block" of fast food I have tried for some time. Not having to settle on burgers and tacos for a quick meal on the go is worth the trouble. Wish they had more locations.  There's some spiciness to it, which makes it even more tastier. Overall, the chicken Kati Rolls were the best. Hope to stop by again soon. Wish the waiting area was separated from the kitchen area so that the clothes don't smell like you crawled out of a curry pot when you head back out.
just delicious! I ordered the chicken and the potato roll. Both really good.The potato roll reminded me of a home made mexican "taco de papa" :) Oh! Lunch hour... reaaaally busy!! there is literally a line outside of the restaurant. So get there early or around 2:30
chicken tika rolls are delicious  my fave, long lines though.  well worth it, BUUUUUT some street carts have the same food and almost half the price...
Not sure what "hype" some of the reviewers here are complaining about. Went here for lunch today and the food was exactly as advertised - Indian, spicy, and quick. I got a chicken roll and a mutton roll. Chicken was well marinaded with a nice kick to it, the mutton roll was spicy as well but had more depth of flavor.I am definitely coming back to try some more.
There is a re occurring theme of calling these masala wraps "indian burritos", and for good reason too. They are Indian Burritos. It's a good place to drop by to grab something quick. It's good because you can get something a little different than your normal on the go food. This location's seating is a little tight and somewhat limited. Limited seating can be a deal breaker, but this time its ok because you have Bryant Park across the way and who wouldn't want to sit in the sun enjoying the park while you enjoy your tiki masala burrito?
Kati Roll Company serves excellent Kati Rolls. I almost imagined I was in Bangalore while eating it. I ordered the Achari Paneer Roll (in Paratha, the default) and the Shrimp Masala Roll (in Roti). Both were tasty. The Paneer could have been a little more spicy and flavorful. The Shrimp roll was outstanding. The chutney (which cost extra) was watery and not especially flavorful, but the rolls are so good that the chutney is not required.
I am giving 1 star becuase there is no option for 0 stars. I asked to have a roti made separate from the rest rest of the meal. The servers adamantly refused. We called the maganer and he swore at me.. Do not eat here. This is the worst place to eat ever. Do not spend your money here, you are better off taking a crap on the street and eating it yourself.
Worst service ive ever seen. Counter girl started yelling at me when I asked why i was missing some of my food in the bag. Got no refund...rather than saying sorry, she told me shes been working there too long to deal with me.. im not sure what that means. When I asked for her name she told she doesnt have to disclose that information!
There are so many half sandwich, small soup combination delis or make-your-own-salad joints that it is refreshing to have a new lunch option in mid-town. The Kati Roll Company, as the name suggests, are the purveyors of wrap-like, burrito-esque sandwiches of a very Indian nature. Walking in, I had no idea what a kati roll was, but the Kati Roll Company was hustling and bustling, packed to the gills and teeming with people who seemed to be in the know. Looking at everyone's orders, it seemed like having only one would be too small for lunch. So on my trip, I got one chicken and one beef kati roll. I took a bite and was instantly less than overwhelmed. Pungent spices and strong flavors one would expect from Indian fare were all present and accounted for, but the relative paltry size of each wrap made me feel I should have left with both hands up. Conclusion: It's good, but it's not for me.
Absolutely love this place. The panner wrap is amazing. I had it twice on my visit to NYC! I've had many imitation Kati Rolls in the Bay Area, but nothing compares to this place! Definitely a must visit if you are ever in New York.
Great place for a quick bite, for best/authentic results get the Unda Chicken Roll and see if this will up the spice factor for you.
Great concept, well executed. Super busy during weekday lunch and weekend nights. Long lines and you hardly ever get a place to sit. You do want to eat your Kati roll hot. I would actually suggest them to do away with the tables and go for bar stools and tables like most of other places. My all time favorite is the Mixed Veg Kati roll. Can't believe they actually increased its price. Also love the Shrimp Kati roll.
I had been to Kati Roll once before, but it had been a long time.  And I wasn't yelping back in those days.  I just remember it being, well, not so amazing.  Things have changedI got my rolls on whole wheat paratha:  Aloo, Chicken, and Shami Kebab.  Chicken was grilled and seasoned well, as was the lamb.  Aloo roll was pretty good.Went during lunch so wait times were on the high side (line to the door).  But a crowd is a good sign, right?Thanks to InBundles for having me try Kati Roll again.  I'm a fan now!
Ate here with a friend in May on a Friday after work.Had the Chicken roll and Aloo Masala roll (potato). I thought they were ok, nothing spectacular in my book. I guess it is authentic judging by the patrons. A bit pricey for a snack in my opinion.  The picture menu is short and to the point.  Service was reasonable.  Space is good.  Good number of tables.  Four rolls would probably be enough for a meal, for me. Maybe even five! (Am I greedy?!)
Good chicken tikka roll. Paneer tikka roll was good too. It's a great place for a light meal or snack. Flavorful and good but not great enough to deserve 5 stars.
This place lived up to expectations once again and thus deserves another star badge on its chest..
The food was really good.  It had a lot of flavor and was well prepared.  Another guy getting some takeout probably said it best with "they figured out how to make Indian food to go."  The only thing I would change is the single dollar sign price rating on Yelp.  The pricing is like tapas where each wrap isn't that expensive but the servings are rather small and will take a few to make a meal.
lemme ask you something, you like Chipotle?  yeah, i mean it's pretty good.  sometimes i get a hankering, and on occasional bouts of mid-town/mid-day mania i am one of the chumps that wait on a long-ass line for it too.now for a second question...are you down with Indian food?  if that's 2 yes's in a row and you work in midtown east, then can you do me a huuuuge favor?  DITCH CHIPOTLE NEXT TIME AND WAIT ON THE KATI ROLL COMPANY LINE INSTEAD.  i promise, this will be your new favorite place to wait for WAY too long for food during your lunch hour.  only it will be entirely unique, original and bursting with new and exotic flavors with every roll you pick, and your tummy (and wallet) will be oh-so-happy with your new found delights.ps- try the new shrimp roll. omfg
after hearing much fuss about this place, I had to make a trip out there to try their kati rolls.  The kati rolls are a bit small and they need more meat!  I got the Unda Beef Roll.  The beef was well seasoned, but it wasnt as tender as I'd hoped.  I think for the money, I'd rather go to the Biryani Cart on 46th and 6th
My fingers smell like Indian food and I don't mind at all. The Kati Roll Company first caught my eye with their bright orange sign. The decor inside is even more orange and the walls boast classic Bollywood movie posters. I had the chicken tikka roll (1) for $4.50. I was tempted to go back and order another but I restrained. I'll just return later with more people in tow. I must share the joy of the Kati Roll.Consider the Kati Roll similar to a burrito but no rice and beans. My chicken tikka was grilled and meaty. The sauce was potent and had a little kick. The best part was the wrap. I like the Kati Roll Company way more than Indian Bread Co.Jessica M- You must experience the Kati Roll. !!squeal!!
I ordered the unda chicken roll to go and it was great! the wait was a bit long but it wasn't terrible as I could see everyone working to get the Rolla ready for all orders.  price is reasonable for the roll. I would recommend this place to a friend!
I really really like this place a lot.  Great lunch option for anyone in the Midtown area.  Tried all of the rolls, beef is probably my favorite.  No matter which one you pick, you have to get it with egg.  Its a little bit more $, but it totally makes the Kati Roll complete.Love the perfect amount of kick the rolls have, always helps to wake me up during a tough work day.
Yumm!!!! The vegetarian rolls were amazing!! I wish we had this place in S.Florida. The mango yogurt smoothie (lassi) was also on point!!
Yummy Indian fast food.Every time I've been here, it's always been packed. It's because the food is cheap and the food is delicious. They have a good selection of vegetarian and meat options...everything is jam packed with flavor. It's a good pick up and go type of food. There might be a little bit of a wait, but it's worth it. Be sure to check it out.
I still remember the first time I had "Kathi Roll",We Mumbaikars call it a Frankie though but whatever, it had beem more than a year since I had on and the memories and flash back ahhh the feeling so whats the point of all this I still have flashbacks of when they were $3.5-$4 a pop not $6.5 and may be 20% bigger than what they are today, Capitalism I tell you...That being said I am still willing to shell of them $6+ for 1 kathi roll not happily though BUT they are that good. Hundreds of kathi roll joints have popped up all over in the past few years but TKRC still hold the edge it the marination that sets them apart. Don't venture away from the Egg-Chicken roll though I tried to be adventurous at times but saw myself crawling back to Anda-Chicken
I loooove Indian food! This is a great place for a quick snack or meal next to Bryant Park. I've tried both the Chicken Tikka roll as well as the Paneer roll. Loved the Paneer one which had giant chunks of cheese! I've gotten it to go both times I was there, and they package it up nicely. It even comes with a small wet sanitizing wipe -- how thoughtful!Inside vibe is very modern. Clean feel and cool music playing. Cashiers were all super nice. I definitely recommend this place for a quick bite!
The chicken Kati roll is a must. I initially first encountered these rolls at the international market night in Queens. Ever since then I was hooked! For 6 dollars, you can't beat that. I think it's the meat and seasoning that makes this roll so unique. The roti is kind of generic that your typical desi mommy can make at home . Definitely coming again.
Amazing mutton rolls at this place. The mutton filling was well done and the meat was soft, juicy and succulent.
This place is the perfect late night snack/meal. I have never had a Kathi Roll, but I will definitely go back for more before we leave the city. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Roll and the taste was out of this world. Note: you can order it spicy. If you are around Times Square, it is worth the blocks to try.
My 1st time here and I liked the 2 items I had. I had the coconut curry shrimp Kati and aloo Kati.  Forgive me if I don't have the names quite right.   Both filling but I prob could have had 1 more. Had to stop myself.   I'll be back!
Totally unfair how good this place is. I always mean to get just one roll and end up getting two. I know I should get the roti and a vegetarian roll to be healthier but I then somehow end up with a "healthy" roll AND a buttery paratha wrapped around something meaty and spice-laden and amazing. I haven't gotten through all the offerings yet but can say from very recent experience that the new pulled mutton roll is AMAZING. Toothpick recommended.
I loved this place so much I grabbed a roll, then came back a couple of hours later for another one. This spot is the perfect grab and go option for. Not much by way of ambiance, the service is quick and efficient. I got the shrimp roll here both times and was pleasantly surprised, it was super flavorful! While i didnt try it, they also had other items there like mango lassi. If youre in the area and want a quick bite, keep this spot in mind
Every NY indian will recommend you to try the Kati rolls. We waited in line for about 20minutes to order. We ordered the Chicken roll and unda chicken roll and when it came, it was just disappointing. Really not worth the hype. It was fairly small, you need to order 2 of you want a meal of it. It lacked flavour and was drenched in oil. I doubt I will ever return.
I travel to India almost every year, and have many Kati rolls. The Kati roll company is definitely delicious but lacks the fresh taste I find in India. Here I got the paneer Kati roll and later the chicken Kati roll. One roll is a heavy snack and I didn't even need to eat dinner the rest of the night. Both of the rolls I had were very savory. I wish we had a similar company in Kansas City- I can definitely see myself even rewarming these later and still being delicious. Bottom line- great place just wish the rolls were a bit more fresh so they taste like the ones in India
Great sandwiches! Paratha bread however seems like it's not cooked through or too thick. I always ask for well done but there's not much of a difference. A while ago it used to be thinner and cooked through and it was perfect and delicious.
Busy place , but great rolls! Its for everyone, not just an Indian joint! Flavors are fantastic and quite authentic to the rolls you get in India! I always drop in for a roll when I visit NYC!
Very decent place, I had two rolls. A lamb roll and chicken egg roll. Both were good. I also had their Mango lassi. So definitely, one roll is not enough for one person. 2 is great!!!
Great place for some lunch Indian / American wraps. They're not that authentic obviously for indian food but they taste delicious! I got the Shami kebab and chicken tikka rolls which were both good. The wrap itself is very flavorful and has a good texture to it. Of the two, my favorite was the Shami roll (lamb)! It had so much more flavor probably because of the type of meat and the seasoning that went with it. For 4 orders of two rolls each, it was relatively fast - about 20 minutes. I also got their chai latte which is basically milk tea with some spices. I enjoyed it a lot, it was creamy and thick with a good kick to it.
First time trying Kati Roll and the experience was amazing overall. Ambiance: there were some wall decorations that really adds to the place. However, due to the popularity of the place, seating seems to be an issue! So if you have a group larger than 3, I would actually just take it to go and eat at Bryant Park or somewhere nearby.Food: for this time, I got the Unda Chicken and Unda beef. They were both amazing - although it's a fast food place, it tastes like you can get it from a sit down Indian restaurant. And definitely get 2 rolls coz you will be craving for more after you finish your first! Definitely will come back for more next time I visit NY.
I can't believe that I've lived in New York for so long and never knew about this place. These rolls were unbelievably delicious. After I finished my first three rolls, I walked back in to order more! My favorite is the Chicken Tikka Roll ($5). It was super flavorful and contained the perfect amount of spice. I felt like I was in heaven while eating it. I also like the Shrimp Masala Roll ($6.75). The Beef Tikka Roll ($5.50) was alright.This is an awesome spot for a quick bite to eat!
Coming from a family that eats plenty of Indian food, i am glad to see that a Indian spot opened up in this area. I love eating kati roll when i am in the mood for some Indian type of food. My favorite item to order in the unda roll or the unda aloo roll. I am a regular fan of paratha bread, and they use paratha for the roll. They fill the roll with so much flavor spice and chutney it would be almost impossible to not love it. The unda aloo roll comes with potatoes and eggs and the combination of both is just mouth watering.One downfall about this location is that one roll does not fill you up. If you love to eat just like me, you need to order a good 3 rolls to satisfy your hunger. The prices of the rolls vary depending on what type of meat you want in your roll. But if you have never tried this place, then I suggest you not worry about the prices and just give it a try. If you love Indian food especially paratha, you will be glad to have tried a roll from kati roll.
Second time going to this place and never disappointed! Very flavorful food, decent prices and pretty quick service.
Yum, Kati Roll makes consistently delicious and fresh tasting Indian wraps every time.  One of the few places where you can get a reasonably-portioned and delicious hot meal.  The food tastes authentic and their ingredients seem to be high quality.Achari Paneer and Chana Masala are faves, and their Masala chai is a lovely meal addition.  Kati Roll is a consistent pick between me and my coworkers, and is also one of the few places you can sit in and be out of the office for a moment.
Nice place. Simple menu. Love the aloo roll and the chana roll. The paneer achari was good too but a little bland to my taste. Now I know where to get a satisfying lunch around office.
Craving quick indian lunch near bryant park?  Head to this spot, quick rolls of meat/ chicken/ veggies/ shrimp/ wrapped in indian bread with onions and spices.
Many times I've enjoyed this midtown spot for lunch when the office. Their prices are reasonable and the kati is excellent. I can't even recommend something specific here because everything is delicious.
Indian junk food!! My Indian friend brought me here. He said kati rolls cost about 25 cents in India...at Kati Roll Company, they're $5-6. One is enough for a moderate appetite, but a heavy appetite calls for 2.I got a mutton and egg roll....it was greasy, spicy, flavorful. Mmm. Good place to go for a quick meal when you don't want to spend lots of money and want something flavorful and filling.
This is a good place if you want something a little different from the usual midtown lunch chains. The first time I went around noon, and there was a pretty long line. But the food was totally worth it. I got the potato and egg roll and the chicken roll. For both, the fillings were warm and spicy.  The nan wrapping on the outside was fresh off the grill and very soft. Why am I only giving it 3 stars, you ask. Well, I personally like to take my lunch break a little bit later, when the crowd has thinned so I can find a table and eat away from my computer. Every time I go after the noon rush, the potato filling is cold. The nan and eggs are still made to order and come piping hot, but it's disappointing to bite into it and get a mouthful of cold potatoes. Is it that difficult to heat up the potato filling just a little in the microwave or on the grill? Also this place has a $20 credit card minimum. I get $5 or even $10 minimums, bc places don't pay the credit card fee if customers spend like a buck on soda or gum. But, $20 is really ridic! I've never seen a minimum that high before. You'll need to buy like 4-5 kati rolls, which is waaay more than 1 person can eat. Why not just say you don't accept credit cards then, if you're going to be an ass about it and have a super high minimum. That way people won't be tricked into coming in here when they have no cash, and then end up having to pay a withdraw fee on the ATM machine in the restaurant. I might be overreacting a bit, but you would too if you had to stand there and dig around in your purse for spare coins so you can pay for your kati roll, like some sad, indigent character in a Dickens novel, only to realize you're a little short and need to use the evil ATM.
I am surprised this small cafe gets so many positive Yelp reviews. This is probably due to the novelty of food, since there is not much else to this place. There is no table service (pay and pick up at the counter), a single roll will not fill you up (which explains why they have a discount on 2 rolls), the line and wait at lunch hour will set you back for about 20 min, cheap ambiance, smoky air, exhausted-looking employees. The food is not bad, spicy and flavorful,  albeit somewhat dry. The verdict: Kati Rolls is best for a quick Indian takeout but plan your timing carefully due to a long wait at lunch hour.
The taste to price quotient is very, very high for this restaurant. The old-timey Bollywood theme  is pretty cool (even though the place is run by Bangladeshis, not Indians).  The service staff is quiet grumpy even by NYC standards.
Super awesome food but that line at 12 is just insanity. I suggest going around 11:30-11:45 but if you're willing to wait, the food is absolutely worth it. Their potato roll is amazing! If you're not too hungry, two is enough. But if you're super hungry, go for three. I took away a star because beware... it's an open kitchen set up, so you WILL come out smelling like food. Don't get me wrong, I love the lay out of this quaint eatery, but sometimes going into this place just definitely means you'll have to febreeze afterward.
The original is on MacDougal and the BEST time is to go when people are drunk as hell.  Why you ask?  Because they make it FRESH!Unfortunately, I came here at 5:30PM on a Friday.  Wasn't that fresh, but damn it's still good. Simply put, it's a wrap with with charred meat and a little bit of onions in some vinaigrette type thing.  But the Indian term for it.Still one of my favorite places to go to in NYC - but go to the original at like 1AM on a Friday/Saturday night.
It's a Monday early-afternoon and I got a grumbling.. a grumbling in mah tummy and this spot has officially cleansed the demons from my belly. Let me start this review by saying anything that is fashioned into a hand-held taco-esque treat will always get more than two stars from me. Simply because tacos are so good that they're given their own denomination of a day "Taco Tuesday!". But I digress... what is a Kati!? This was my first time exploring this delicious lil treat and by lil, I mean little. Don't come here expecting to be full like a pinata at a 4 years old bday. This place is for the quick and easy eater, and I am DOWN with that. A kati, in a nutshell is an Indian taco, full of meat and spices... who the hell wouldn't want to eat that!?It seems you have to get there before 12 noon; that's when the heavy hitters come in and the line goes out the door! As my turn to the counter came, I decided to chomp on the chicken roll. The explosion of flavor and spice right off the bat is endearing and the flour "tortilla" is light (a bit greasy) and fluffy. It's all wrapped up in a neatly packed treat that hits the mark. Nothing over the top delicious and more importantly not expensive. I'll definitely come back to try the beef roll.
Visited twice and was not disappointed. Achari paneer FTW!
A great spot after a late night out! I only had one vegetarian kati roll, but my friend who took me there insisted on getting two. Absolutely delicious and I'm already a big fan!
OMG! Why is this place so dirty?? When you step to the tables inside there's so much trash on the floors..its horrifying! I thought the other store in the village although has no place for sitting, is atleast not this dirty.
Their paneer rolls are to die for! Would make a trip to the city just for them!!
Freakin' yum! Some friends and I (New York State of Mind meetup.com/new-york-stat… group -- check us, we're AWESOME!) decided we were hungry after seeing Airplane! at Bryant Park. I'd been down 39th before, and walked right on by several times. STUPID! I ordered the Unda Roll (scrambled egg, sauteed onion and DELICIOUS spices) and the Tikka Chicken Roll (chunks of grilled chicken in a spicy cilantro sauce) both rolled in Indian flatbread.Cheap, delicious, spicy, and the posters on the wall are a HOOT!While it's just off the Times Square tourist playpen, late night wasn't a problem. We were there at about 11 pm on a Monday night and had the place almost to ourselves. There were others there, though, so they knew it was open at this time.EAT HERE!
As other yelpers, I also got contact dermatitis from sitting on one of the wooden benches. Doctor had to give me a shot and medication for six days and I don't even have allergies that I know of. Yesterday my friend and I went there, she sat on of those benches and almost immediately started itching and got a rash too. I really hope they do something about it, cause we like the food. I sent them a very polite e-mail about it a couple days ago and haven't heard back from them. I guess they couldn't care less.
Had 2 chicken roti today. Asked for little spicy, it still came out quit spicy ! :-)Great spicy mixture of meat and vegetables rolled in Indian flat-bread. Very good presentation (high class food impression) with food presentation and packaging.The place is simple (still under renovation). Long line during lunch hours (11:30 to 1:00)
Any shami roll you eat here tastes pretty awesome because of its flavor. There is not much seating here, so best take your roll to go.
Very fresh, handmade rolls. Good food. Uncomfortable eating in dining area with no fan or air conditioning. Oppressive heat in summer
Friends told me that this place was a must-try in NYC. It was OK. The paneer was a little burnt.
What can I say. The rolls capture all the taste from what we love about Indian food and wraps it up for easy and convenient consumption. It's cheap enough and tastes great with mango nectar. Seating is the only issue especially when busy and at night so don't expect to sit in. My favs: Chicken, Beef and Paneer Rolls. If you can combine it with unda (egg) it's even better. Try it!
this was the first time that i have tried kati roll company & the chicken tikka roll and i LOVE them!  the location is super small & the line was out the door during lunch time.  i was a little nervous trying indian food since i have always heard it is spicy, but i have to say, people have lied to me =(  it is a little spicy but nothing i couldn't handle.  i would say the next time i would go a little lighter on the onions since i had to go back to work.  thankfully i work close to this location so i could walk back to my office & still have my rolls warm.  the seating is very limited so if you go, plan on not staying  & consider yourself lucky if you do actually get a table.  i can't wait to go back.
A casual eatery that serves up different kinds of excellent kati rolls! We went at 2:30 pm on a rainy afternoon and it was pretty empty except for 2 other couples. Fresh, hot, right off the tava rolls. Achari paneer was my favorite, though Aloo unda roll was not bad either. Each is $5.50  or 2 for 10! Finish off with elaichi chai. Makes a quick, hearty meal.
The only reasons why I would go to Kati Roll instead of Biriyani Cart:  - It's raining outside. - I can't walk far. - I feel like sitting down at a table. Other than that, I can't think of why I would want to return here.  The kati rolls here were okay.  The meat, flavoring, and chapati are all superior at Biriyani. Kati Roll is pricey, if you're used to only paying $3 at Biriyani. Frank C. and I grabbed lunch there on Monday.  I ordered a potato (Aloo) with egg kati and a ground lamb kati.  I actually liked the spiced potato better than my lamb!  Kenji H. says the paneer katis here are good, and that it's the only thing worth ordering.  I also had a warm Indian milk tea.  The total damge was $12.  It wasn't worth it. If you do go, make sure to get in the door before 12:30pm to snag a table.
The line is usually a bit insane! The food is good, I love the shrimp... That being said, they could use some customer service skills
Okay, so my friends make fun of me for liking this place so much, but I stand by it. I've tried all the different types of rolls at one point or another but I stick by the aloo masala and achari paneer, the rest are okay but these two are FANTASTIC. The food is fresh and service is quick, but it is greasy and not healthy, so definitely not a place I go to often but still awesome when I do.
Great Ambiance. Simple and efficient. With classic and contemporary Bollywood songs playing to keep you distracted from the long line, the efficiency and ease with which you decide your Kati and place your order is a quick and easy process. Straight forward menu with about 14 variations on the classic Kati roll we ordered the chicken tikka and unda shami kabab rolls. Fresh ingredients coupled with minimal spices that dont overwhelm the food was a great light lunch with lots of flavor.
Was in NY on vacation and on first night my bf and and I hit the Kati Roll Co. It was delicious! We had the Aloo Masala, Unda, and Paneer rolls and they made us fans. Spicy and so, so good! Hope they open one up in LA!
Steps away from NY Public Library and a quick walk from Time Square.  An order includes two two small wraps (burrito like), can be of two different varieties.  May take a while to place a order if there is a line but can call in, and they can be eaten in hand. It's a marvelous alternative to the unhealthy and expensive portions of the tourist -trap restaurants.  The place is smallish but has a few tables.  Or you can take a short walk to One Bryant Park 6th Ave btw 42/43rd (3rd tallest building in NY), awesome space if it's not crowded for lunch time.
ohhhh how i love kati roll.  If i'm ever in times square, I always getit, so good, so perfect, great consistency and flavor all they way through the roll.  amazing.  the unda is my favorite, if you're going , def try that one.
Good food, nice price. Had the chicken with egg and shrimp rolls
Indian food wrapped burrito style is a product of American fast food ingenuity that I hope will sweep the nation of its feet.
Positively addictive!! Love this place. The channa masala is my new favorite.
I had my very first taste of paneer here.  So delicious.  The rolls are a good size, one fills me up.  The Chicken Tikka Masala roll is my favorite.  The line here gets pretty long at lunch time so be prepared.
their food is really good; however, one of the cooks in the kitchen was walking around with a fork in her mouth and proceeded to eat her own lunch over the food that she was preparing. very gross
This is an awesome place to get lunch. Good food - real food, not fast food junk - and really cheap. My co-worker and I managed to get a table, but I'm not sure that's often the case.If you live or work nearby, a great choice.
Kati Roll,An angel from above did send.Miraculously appearing,On Friday nights, at the very end,You somehow know my every need.Paneer and chicken with onions and chutney,Oh yes! I gobble it down with tremendous speed.For you, I would pay big money.Superabundant tang and spice,Your Aloo Unda roll is also very nice.Thank you God for sending me,Such a beautiful Kati Roll to see.
My first two kati rolls (potato with egg and chicken) almost made me lost my way home. Maybe that's another reason why you shouldn't eat while walking. They have nice chai for less than $2, too... definitely a more realistic one compare to Starbucks' "so instant" chai. The beef was too tough for me, and I have not tried the spicy cheese and the lamb ones. Just stick with my first love.
Absolutely DELICIOUS and Addicting! The roti and the meat are freshly made right in front of you. My favorite is the Unda Chicken roll. For vegetarians, I highly recommend the Achar Paneer roll. The prices are also very reasonable ($5 - $6) a roll. One fills me up for lunch...but guys usually go for two. I fell in love with these rolls the first time I had them and I haven't stopped since (I go there about once a week).Warning: The wait during lunch can be long. Try to beat the lunch time if possible. Also, the dining place inside is small. It might be tough to find seating at times.
Way over-hyped. Tried the staple chicken tikka and minced lamb, both were dry and unimpressive. The chicken was really over-charred. I had high hopes but both rolls were boring and left me wishing I went another place for lunch.Better kati rolls can be found at the Biryani Cart (at 46th & 6th) or Desi Shack (an absolutely delicious and healthier alternative, at 39th and Lex). I don't think I would recommend it or go back, unfortunately.
As I was strolling down from 47th Street I was thinking...what should I get for dinner? We all know Midtown sucks at offering reasonably priced decent food. It's either Halal Carts, $1 Pizzas, Chinese takeout, or disgusting Fast Food. Passed by 39th Street and saw that this place was open despite the fact that most food businesses in Garment District close on Sunday and decided to give it a try. I got the Achari Paneer Roll (#4) which is Grilled Indian Cottage Cheese Cubes marinated in Spicy Pickle and Unda Shami Roll (#12) which is Minced Lamb and Lentil Patty with Herbs and Spiced with an Egg Layer. They were both really really good and I prefer the Paneer Roll over the Und Shami Roll. The downside is that they are a bit onion-y (I can still taste the onion as I am writing this review) but they were both hearty and filling. Will return again soon
I enjoyed the flavorful, spicy potato roll, though next time I'd ask for fewer onions.  Seating in the back was comfy.Negatives: The portion size is pretty small for the price, and the cashiers weren't too friendly.  The long wait time means that this isn't a very fast lunch.
This needs a little fine tuning. I am a big fan of Indian and I'm a big fan of wrapped meat in the form of gyros, burritos, whatever. I was very excited to try this place, sadly, as is the case with most things with high expectations, this was kind of a fail. The flavors just didn't mellow together for me. I love spicy food, but I feel like this was just spicy and it didn't do much to compliment the roll as a whole. The wrap itself is where the roll could've trumped all other kind of wraps in style, because it has flavor. But the spicyness of the chicken kind of masked it rather than bring it out. As a roll, it didn't have enough substance, I think. It just wasn't very complex. And I know it's fast food, but still. Kind of bastardized.
Gets super busy, especially weekdays at lunchtime, but totally worth the wait. The unda  chicken roll is my favorite, but they're all delicious. Definitely get more than one!
Oh Indian Chipotle, how I adore thee. Aloo, shami, or chicken, don't make me choose! And so I don't and then realize, oh, everyone else is only eating one. Oh well. I know this is straight up "things white people like" but seriously, I have never not been the only non-Indian person there, and I take that as a good sign. The only bad thing I have to say about this place is that it takes entirely too long until the food is ready! TEN minutes?! Cruel and unusual. Cheap and delicious. Just like me.
Looking for a good fast Indian place? This is it! Really love this place. #8 Unda Chicken Roll is the best. It's worth the price and the lines always out the door. Take my word and try it out.
Great lunch spot or after you leave the club snack--they close at 5A on Saturday or Sunday--definitely need two rolls to fill you up and three is way to many. I always get the chicken tikka and shrimp masala--shrimp is the better of the two. Pretty spicy, but not over the top. Love this place!
I'm a frequent visitor to Kati roll. They have gone down hill a bit regarding the quality of their rolls. Usually get the chicken tikka masala rolls and it seems to be overly dry and bitterly spiced. I think it's having to rush through so many orders. They also don't take Amex or use seamless which is a big downer for me. I love my seamless.
Had the chicken tikka which was good and the potato which was also good... about a quarter of the way through decided to combine them and that pushed it to really good.  The thing I like the most is it is something you won't find everyday so this place is a definite 4-star.  Next time I am going to try and get the chicken with potato and see what they say.
WoW this is the Thing!!!! You gotta try the Shrimp Masala Roll! It's divine.... once you eat this I'm sure you'll keep going back.  It's a touch on the spicy side but amazingly good. Why 4 stars? The way they wrap the roll makes it hard to eat on the go as the paper is inside the roti. Besides this food deserves 5+ Stars.
What is all the fuss about? The parathas used are frozen. The service is horrible. The place is dirty. The rolls themselves were lacking in flavor. I won't be coming back
Brilliant rolls make u feel home away from home.I always ask them to make spicy for which they add the freshly chopped green chilly, and whoa...its amazing! Great job Kati Roll company...both locations in Manhattan.
Good little place for:A well-priced bite to eat. Food is made quickly and is really good. We had several different items and all were tasty. It ALSO can be a great place to meet up and get some work done with a colleague. I was there for a good couple hours and no one on the staff made us feel unwelcome. It's not a loud place so it's easy to converse and have a meeting. Be careful and look inside your roll before taking a bite- they accidentally gave my colleague BEEF! And she doesn't eat beef. That was the only real downside.
big fan. ordered for delivery with a couple of coworkers and we all enjoyed it very much.Very warm and filling and it is a roti wrap.  I recommend the paneer and the chana masala roll.
Oh my goodness. Bless you, Kati Roll, for you being open late night to satisfy cravings in the early morning hours. Spicy kick to keep me awake and going through the night. For all of this and more, you deserve four stars.
Tucked away underneath Bryant Park, this is a go-to spot for Desi professionals afterwork.  The Amitabh Bachchan posters are great, but the overall vibe doesn't encourage you to stick around.  There are no sides - a shame since a roll and some savory Basmati would fill you up perfectly.  The paneer rolls are greasy and tasty, the cheese is great with red onions and a bit of spice.  If anything, this place desperately needs to sell cups of chai.  Grab a couple of rolls and hit the park.Just spotted a dosa cart down the block towards 6th Ave.  Though I'm hopeful for some South Indian fare, the fact that it also sells falafels is probably not a good sign.
Delicious. Maybe not the kindest service but the food compensates for it.
Good food with the right amount of heat. For the price it can't be beat.
So good but so painful...This is good, cheap quasi Indian food. I have to tell you though, I think it is a little too spicy for the average consumer. I think Kati Rolls are delish but I can't take it without a full bottle of water. Also, don't expect to smell sexy afterward. Probably not the best place to take a date, but definitely a keeper if you are looking for something cheap and satisfying. The people there are never particularly nice. I always ask for my Kati Roll to stay but they always tell me I have to get it to go. In my opinion, this is a waste of paper. I recommend the chicken because who really orders beef at an Indian place? Enjoy but watch out, you'll need a tall glass of water to go with this one!
For a quick bite next to Bryant Park, this is the place to be! Makes me feel like I'm eating a cross between mexican and indian food - a hearty burrito stuffed with indian flavor.  I can really put food away, so I usually need two rolls to be satisfied, and I could *probably* put three down.  The achari paneer, unda chicken, and unda aloo rolls are all perfection. I have a feeling that everything on their menu is great.
Just one word for this place - "Awesome"
great little spot near bryant park, without the bryant park pricing. Went there yesterday on a recommendation from a friend - very coZy little restaurant with fast service for a hungry appetite.Tried the unda chicken roll -apparently it was the most popular. It was just ok... however the beef tikka and shami kabab roll were much better! I think the staff just pointed to a random roll for me... *roll eyes*the masala chai was not as good as I would've expected - save your money on that!otherwise overall - cheap , and flavorful food in a jiffy, so I say A-OK!
I heard of the Kati Roll Company through a friend who said I was super lucky for living around the corner from it. With only one menu item with an assortment of meat/filling choices, I found the rolls to be pretty spectacular! I walked in to find a table with about fifteen Indian people sitting around it, so I knew it wasn't gunna be bogus flavors.Hope you have a good stomach and an affinity for spiced flavors, because the sauces inside are superb but strong. Priced at two rolls for 10 dollars, you can easily get full for a reasonable price. I love the fact that now I can just eat Indian food on the go without having to sit around and wait (i'm super impatient). Take it out, they pack them in cute little bags! Chicken and the Paneer are delicious :)2 small complaints however. 1 is that if you ask for a cup of water they literally give you a tiny styrofoam cup and fill it with the lukewarm tap. There also isn't a huge seating area so be prepared to possibly wait and stand.
Unda chicken is amazing!!!!! Our favorite little snack place in NYC! The mango juice is great, too!!!
Good cheap and tasty - a bit off the beaten path in the Fashion District but worth the trek for some good Indian classics wrapped in a very flat style of naan bread. Drinks are over priced ($3.50 for a bottle of ice tea) but hey, they have to make money some how. The Chicken Tikka was good but the Chana Masala was even better!
I loved this place! The manager and staff were super friendly! The manager came over, introduced himself, and explained how and what to order.  Although the restaurant was very busy, he helped make room to accommodate our large group of about 8.  The chicken tikka kati roll was delicious.....perfectly seasoned...just the right amount of heat! Everything was super fresh and made to order.  Definitely affordable... I wish I'd gotten a second roll while I was there. Yummm definitely visit if you're in town.
Cheap, filling, spicy food in a no-pretensions atmosphere. And always a good sign when an ethnic eatery in Manhattan has several patrons of that same ethnicity. I only wish that there was one in my nabe!
Best kati roll in the city. If you like Indian food, you owe it to yourself to try it once. Start with the chicken tikka and... well, that's damn good enough. Deceptively spicy. Make sure you grab a drink. I wish they served some Kingfisher. I also tend to get an aloo (potato) roll to go along with it. Yes, you need to order two. Although three would be a big, big mistake.It's a great late night alternative to the halal cart at 53rd & 6th if the line is too long.The one thing I don't understand is why this place and Roomali both have such poor service. Is that a prerequisite for this dish?
Very yummy... Especially #7 - chicken tikka roll!!!! If u like shrimp, try 13 - shrimp masala roll!!! :))
Indian Tacos.No, really. Flat-bread, which is a cross between naan and paratha (the latter accounts for the greasiness), wraps up well-spiced chicken (or potato, or egg, or cheese, or beef (Wait, what? Beef at an Indian place? Yeah, not so authentic.), or mutton) with some lettuce and sauce and what not.  Delicious! And two rolls is a good size (which is different from when a girl tells you it's a good size) for lunch.Speaking of lunch... 12:30 is the when the long line starts. I got there at noon and it was pretty fast, but once I had my food and was eating it got very, very busy. There's a few tables in the front and back, but only two tops so not great for parties over 4.The restaurant itself is clean (with fantastic Bollywood posters on the wall) and pretty spacious for what could be a street-meat cart in Midtown. Just make sure you order over $20 if you're using a credit card.
Can I say anything about Kati Roll Co. that has not been said before? The rolls are greasy and good... And they taste better at 3am after you have downed lots of alcohol!The Chicken Tikka Roll is to die for.. The Achari paneer is pretty good too.
Great tasting lunch place. If you are looking for very spicy Indian food, however, you might not be as pleased.  I didn't think the India roll upgrade would make much of a difference but after i accidentally ordered it I haven't switched back to regular rolls since.  The extra dollar per roll is worth it. ORDER FOR PICKUP. There is always a long line and unless you want to wait 15 minutes to order then wait for another 10 to get it, the pickup option is best for you.
This place just rocks!  Lunch, snack, late night - the Kati rolls always hit the spot. My sister in law took me to this place and since then I make it a point to stop here every time I am in NYC.  I also love the old movie posters of famous Bollywood films from the 70's.  However, I go for the food and the chicken is my favorite but I also love the shami kabob roll.  Both are awesome and for vegetarians the paneer or chana masala are just a notch below awesome (only because there is no meat)!   The chutney and the onions only add to the taste of the rolls.  Its a good thing that I don't live in NYC because I could eat this everyday.
Northern Indian lunch wraps, good value, limited menuThe only thing you can order at this fast-food-fresh restaurant, is an Indian wrap made with thick and soft flat bread, heated with a touch too much oil on a flattop grill. I like the austerity of the menu, and I appreciate that what actually comes inside the roll is ten times more interesting than the description. I got "chicken and egg" ($5.75), which had char grilled kabob-style chicken that was moist at every bite, chopped jalapeños, red onions, and a mildly kicking and fragrant green herb sauce.
Yelpers, you never fail to help me find a nearby place to grab a cheap, delicious bite to eat. After discovering go! go! curry in the area by where I work and loving it so much that I went three times in the past week, I decided it would be both dangerous and disturbing for me mentally if I went a fourth time. So, after work I decided to force myself to find another place to go to. I decided on Kati roll and began my journey. The rolls were not quite what I expected. They were very good, but I definitely wouldn't mind if they were a tad bit less spicy - which is awkward because, being mexican, I love spicy food. That being said, they were good. I don't know if I just received a freak batch of meat or if I've simply become a wuss, but even when I slowed my pace, I couldn't stand it. The wrap part was amazing - another reviewer described it as "if naan bread and pastry dough had a baby" and that's spot on. I would probably just pay for and eat the bread by itself if I could. I got two chicken rolls because I wasn't feeling adventurous enough to try anything else. Like I said, they were good, but probably would have been amazing if I could taste anything through the spicyness. However, if you love spicy, then this is definitely the place for you.
This place would easily get 4 stars from me based on their delicious food alone.However, I must address a couple of pickable bones I have with Kati Roll:- It is WAY too crowded during the lunch rush. There is very little organization for the throngs of people, leaving them to just sort of logjam in the back of the space, waiting for someone to shout out their order number. The pick-up counter is literally adjacent to the registers, so it's a non-stop cluster-f*ck of people coming and going all around one little area. I'm no restaurant designer, but I can't help thinking there's got to be a better way...- I asked for no onions in my chicken tikka rolls. I hate onions. I always have and I always will. The girl at the register looked me in the eyes and repeated after me, "No onions." I paid, waited (20 minutes) for my food and got back to my office to discover TA-DA!! ...Onions all over my rolls. I was able to scrape them out and the flavor was fine, but still... I asked for no onions. I checked my receipt and it said nothing about being onion-free. I guess the register girl didn't think my request was important enough to be relayed to the kitchen staff. Sigh...Anyway, my nitpicking aside, the food was truly delicious. It was VERY spicy, which I love. I'll probably come back, but I may try to hit it at a more off-peak time.
I love this place...it's quick, tasty and very reasonable!  My favorite one is the lamb kabab!!!I go to this location all the time (it's across the street from where I take drum classes) and up until Saturday, I didn't realize it's a FREAKING CHAIN...so I had the same yumminess on McDougal St in the West Village!!!!  Now...if only there was one in Yonkers!!!!
I want one of these by my house in San Francisco. A perfect spot to grab a quick lunch. Considering all the Indian food I've eaten over the past few years, I was surprised to learn a kati roll is a common snack.Anyway, great flavors, I thought two rolls was a perfect sized lunch, though could be a touch large for some. I'd recommend asking for some chili paste as the flavors are great but not too spicy.I will be back for lunch every time I'm in town.
Stopped in here around midnight after seeing a show and it was the perfect quick bite. We both had the Chana Masala Roll -- extremely tasty, quick service, affordable prices, a fun crowd. Highly recommend.
Because of ordering it all the time at Kati Roll, I can now say egg and potato in Hindi. You know, just in case I'm ever asked to do so on a game show. Or I get stranded in India and I need to feed myself. Yum.
Very happy with this recommendation.  I'm punjabi and I absolutely love when Indian restaurant owners keep the food authentic.  They kept it real with the masala, haldi, ginger, cumin and garlic!! I was here for NYE and it was recommended by a fellow indian gal friend. Amazing. And they said indian food in New York is bad..whatever.
Man I think these rolls are made of crack, had one been back here everyday. The chicken rocks!
This is a great lunch spot in the midtown area.  The food is delicious, the service is quick and there is quite a wide selection.  Also a great place to bring any coworkers that need a vegetarian option as well.
Great late night snack. The biggest problem when comparing with the legendary rolls in Bombay is that the parathas are too thick and are not fresh(frozen type). Also the paneer is too chewy for my liking. The aloo roll is awesome.
Knocking them a star since The Lewala down on Bleeker and MacDougal has set the new bar for Kati Rolls in 2011.
Well I ordered the aloo masala roll and of course when I got back to work sat at my cubicle and was ready to dig in I discovered that they gave me a chicken roll.  Oh well luckily I'm not a vegetarian.  It was pretty tasty and perfectly spicy.  I should have ordered 2 because I'm still a little hungry.  I would go back and I would check my order before I leave.Update: I went back and got the Aloo masala roll.  I must have pulled the equivalent of an entire onion out of this roll which was a turn off.  The rest of it tasted okay though.
Service and people who work here suck. Ok, that being said I dig the rolls. I had the tiger shrimp, chicken marsala and potato rolls. I definitely liked the first two better. The potato was simply too carby for me. I would come back again to try the other rolls but these darn things are kind of expensive for fast food if you think about it!
This is a great take out or for sit down with a couple of friends on the go. When you first walk in, couldn't but helped noticed their cute cartoon looking menu. If you want beef, there's a cow, etc.The rolls would be similar to an Indian taco, however for someone who is hungry I think 2 of the rolls would be satisfactory. I had the beef which had a nice smokiness and spice level to it (it's a little more spicy than my preferred level of Thai spice level of 3). My FI thought the spice level was mellow for him (he eats usually a Thai spice level around 8).There are plenty of drinks such as a variety of Snapple flavors or sodas to calm the spiciness for me. There is a credit card minimum of $20.
I'm not sure if these Kati rolls have gone down in quality, but I was underwhelmed by these on my last visit. I got the paneer roll and the aloo masala roll and both were surprisingly bland. The roti was too chewy and even a bit tough. 3-stars because I usually love this place, and the quality of the paneer is still really good.
Went with a friend for lunch for the firs time.I had the chicken roll and the beef one. The chicken was really good, the beef was too mushi for me.I would definitely come back there.The price is also pretty good - 2 rolls for 8.5$
Kati Roll esentially serves up an Indian Style wrap. Made with meat (or not, your choice) spices and served up in a roti, it's a simple but delicious option for lunch.  I had the Chicken Tikka roll which was great, my friend had the Beef Tikka but complained it was too dry.  Not only that, but $5 for a roll didn't seem worth it, seeing as though they were so small.  But, it's an ok place.
Their unda (egg) and chicken kati rolls are pretty good, and they serve milky masala tea out of a keg-like metal container. Walking in here you're greeted by the smell of Indian spices from the open kitchen where you see, hear, and smell the meats and vegetable fillings being grilled and the rolls being assembled. There are low wooden tables and chairs but most of the lunchtime crowd, who must wait about 20 minutes in line during peak periods, carry their rolls back to their offices. Bring cash because they have a $10 credit card minimum.
I came here after NYE and order the aloo roll to chase away a hangover.  While standing in line in my drunken stupor I asked the guy next to me if this place was legit.  He seemingly annoyed laughed and said "YEAH its legit.  look around its all Indian here!!!"  So 2 Korean girls and 34 hungry Indians can't be wrong.
The prices aren't very high, but the portions were smaller than I'd have hoped for. Other than that, service was prompt and food was quite delicious. If you haven't tried a kati roll before (or even if you have, and know that you can't resist another) then this is a great place to go.
Really nice decor, food is way cheap and delish! I just really enjoy it!  Number 7 and 11 are the must-eats!
One of my coworkers recently introduced me to Kati Roll.  YUM!!!  It's quite tasty.  I do wish that the Kati Rolls were just a tad bit bigger.  One of not filling enough, but two is too much.  I have tried the minced mutton roll (delish!) and also the chicken roll (a bit spicier than the mutton one).
Scott the manager was needed to spice things up with the service to the already spicy rolls. Good job.
Basically the BEST thing I've ever ate for lunch, seriously.  This place is a MUST .... We were in NY from Colorado, and this place stands out in my mind more than any other restaurant.  I'd recommend just grabbing a Kati Roll to go, and strolling while enjoying the awesomeness!!!!
This place never seems to disappoint when I visit NYC.  My favorite rolls are the chicken and chicken/egg.  The rolls are delicious and the prices are reasonable.  I always make sure to ask for extra chutney since it is a favorite of mine!
Went on a Friday night. Was really busy but got our food in a decent amount of time.  Not much seating, but was kinda expecting that.  Kati Rolls . . . great selection, especially vegetarian, which we are.  Out of the 5 we tried, the the chana masala was my fave.  Thought the egg (unda) would be plain egg for our anti-spice 4 year old, but alas, there were onions and a bit of other toppings so if you're picky about something, make sure you ask what's on your selection. Not as greasy as the ones we'd get in Nepal (in that respect, not quite as good), BUT, on the upside, I could finally eat Indian street food without fearing for a gastro-reaction.   It hit the spot.
In Bombay/ Mumbai - India/Hindustan these are called Frankies and here they are called kati rolls.There is definitely a fad for re-christening everything. Khatti in Hindi means tangy/sour, must be from where this place got it's name.They've definitely lived up to their reputation of consistent deh-leee-cious rolls.A must-have if you are in the area. Aloo Masala is the best and Paneer roll is second best.As a veggie,don't know much abt the non-veg options.$7 for 2 rolls .Very affordable.Slightly gaudy orange walls and a throwback to the 60's-70's with posters of Amitabh Bachan and his famous movies.
A friend introduced me to this place when they were at the other location. The rolls have always been the best, even though I have tried many other but not has come close to this, so this place is the GOLD standard for me as far as Kati rolls go.I usually have the Unda Roll ( basically an egg roll with onions, green peppers & spicy sauce). 95% of the time the guys make it really well as as per your request, but there has been times when they are 100% off the mark, it tasts eggy, the wrap is burnt and tastless ( but that have been far an few).Overall a good quality place and great take out wrap. It has sparse seating. I was also suprised to see that they have a A rating from the NY dept that rates their food quality.The mcdougal place has few fancy options but does not come close to this... remember to hold on to the recipt as they call out the receipt # when you order is ready.************************Returned there yesterday after some time.The guys who is at the cash counter handling the money was also touching the food with bare hands, no gloves whatsoever.This just made me paranoid and I asked the guy to wear gloves when he packed my food " He seemed annoyed at first then did it". If this continues then I will not go there again.....Very unclean and un sanitary way of handling money & food with bare hands..... YEEEEIKES
There was a time I would have given Kati Roll 5-stars.But I've eaten enough grease in my life now.  And their rolls are swimming in it.  Eat it in moderation.  Be sure to ask them to take it easy on the onions.  Too much onion, too much grease.Having said that - it is a filling and tasty roll.  The varieties with a double filling of a meat + egg are best.  The egg is a very thin omelette that is the first layer, adjacent to the bread.  The meat (and onions) are the inner layer.  Chicken and beef are both good.  Avoid the potato roll.  It's a bit too mashed and lacking in texture.  Paneer (cheese) is really good too.Then have a Tums.
I've only been for lunch.  The line gets long but moves fast.  Their rolls are delicious -- try the shrimp masala.
I ordered the aloo masala roll but didn't care for it.  The potatoes were overly creamy and had a cafeteria quality, while the spicy herb mixture was cold and clashed with the flavor.  I would have liked something a bit more crunch here- whatever red onions on it were not enough.  The bread itself wasn't as crunchy as other kati rolls I've had.The service is prompt which is a plus.  However, if you want tap water it takes a while as they have to individually pour a small cup from a sink in the rear of the kitchen.  Ice water pitchers would have been better.
I was on my way to the gorgeous public library and passed Kati Roll which I had heard so much about. Do I stop and get one, even though that means sneaking food into the library? Yes, clearly I do. I got one chicken roll and it was ready pretty fast and nobody was ahead of me (around 5:30pm) I wasn't expecting to go crazy over it like everyone in the reviews I have read- but that was silly of me. It really is that good. The flavoring is perfect, how is it so good? and why is it not closer to my office?
"Wait, what is this place? I'm starving! Is this pizza??""...noooo, Oh my! Kati Roll! Done. I went to the one in the village last week! Let's go here!"(5 minutes later.)oooooummmmmmmmMMMMMMMMMmmmmm. Uhhhhhh(shudder)that was awesome. I get the egg and potato one. It's oniony and delicious. And $5. I also wish I worked near here, as I would no doubt piss off my office mates by curry-ing up my cubicle daily at lunchtime. Ah well. Another half assed reason to go for drinks at Windfall next door.
I heard amazing things about this place, but I thought it was just okay.  I haven't had much comparison, to be honest, but I definitely expected more.  The bread wrap is oiler than I expected and not as fluffy as I'd hoped.  The unda shami roll was flavorful, but very heavy.  The achari paneer was bland and could've used chutney or just...something a bit more.  All were fresh (the naan could've been fresher), and would've been amazing with a beer at the end of a long night.Overall, worth a try and a decent place to stop by for lunch.  They do deliver, with a $20 minimum.  1 roll is not enough, 2 rolls is definitely on the heavy side.  Buy 3 and share with a friend.
I still love this place. Lately, whenever I go with a friend, we just get two unda chicken rolls and two achari paneer rolls and split them. If you can handle it, tell them to make it "spicy" and put extra onions in the achari paneer roll (otherwise you may find it dry). But whenever I make the chicken roll "extra spicy," it comes out WAYY to spicy. So I wouldn't recommend getting the chicken rolls "extra spicy."
For a US Indian fast food place - excellent. Hit the spot! Get the chicken unda. Riveting.
I really enjoy Koti Rolls - quick, fast and very good.  Small basic resTtaurant inside, can have long lines, but typically moves fast.  My favorite so far is the unda chicken roll which has a thin layer of egg with chicken.  Ask for it spicy and it will be!  Two rolls does seem to be enough, they are so good I could have gone for 3.
Make sure you have some time to spare, or call in your order if you're going during the 12-2 lunch rush -- but it's worth a try. I loved the the vegetable roll, because I love beets, and the chicken roll was fine -- a bit dry, but good flavor. More spicy than I'd anticipated, too, which ain't a bad thing.  I have to say I was disappointed in the flatbread, though -- it was much more greasy than I would have liked, and both rolls fused to the wax paper wrapping in the 3 blocks I walked before sitting down in the park to eat. So all in all, happier with the filling than with the bread, and I'd get the vegetable roll again, and I'd try the chicken again -- maybe a bit overcooked this time -- but I'd eat in rather than takeaway.
Mmmm... greasy goodness. If you're on a diet, forget about eating here. Its one of those places where the grease will make the paper wrapping your roll turn clear. Okay, now that we've gotten that out of the way. Its very easy to order here. A simple grid, almost comical, menu lays out your options. I had the Chicken and egg roll which turned out to be really good. Its fried chicken and egg with fried veggies with fried dough. Do you get the picture? You're eating straight up oil pretty much :)So... it is a joy for your taste buds and pain to burn off later.Staff is a little rude, just be firm with them and you'll eventually get your order taken.
My 3rd time here and gets better everytime! I really enjoy the chana/Aloo masala roll with mint chutney on the side. Very nice and clean. I just wish they delivered.
I lived half a block away from this place the summer of 06 and somehow never made it in here.  But now that I live on the other side of town and am too old to go out in this neighborhood, I try to find excuses to make my way over to Kati Roll when at all possible.It's always crowded, the line moves slowly, but the food always delivers.  It's that special type of cuisine that has a mystic quality to transform into otherworldly levels of goodness when the consumer is drunk.  The Achari Paneer roll is the way to go in my opinion.
Another fantastic surprise delivered by a hole in the wall restaurant. My friends and were taken in by the bright orange awning and were delighted to discover their menu - it's a series of point-to-order graphics taped to the counter. A chicken, an egg, a pepper - fantastic. The girl taking our order did speak english though and we ordered two chicken wraps with pesto each. ( i can't remember exactly what they were called but they were about the size of an enchilada and two was a meal for me...i could go for three on a hungry day maybe)What I had was slightly spicy, but i'm sensitive to things like that. I would say maybe a 3 out of 10 on spice. Definitely a good lunch spot though.
This cosy little indian treat is a gem, serving 2 indian style wraps + soda for $10. You can choose from indian-style cheese, to potato to the conventional chicken/beef options, all with their distinct flair. The seating area is a little dark and and can be chilly in winter, but this place is perfect for a quick filling lunch.
Absolutely one of my favorite places to get lunch in Midtown.  I've tried almost all of the rolls here, and while all are pretty awesome, the standard aloo masala and shami kabab both stand out.  The line can get pretty crazy during lunch hours, but it always seems to move at a reasonable pace.  Staff is also very courteous and polite.  Two rolls will set you back about 10 bucks, but they will also get you very full.  Overall, one of the standouts in the midtown lunch scene, in my opinion.
I don't even know how to describe this place, it's simply amazing and you should definitely go here! Don't even give it a second thought, just go and you will be glad that you did!
Here at Kati Roll, they believe in fast service. It's not necessarily personalized. I've never said much to an employee here. But I suppose you can't have fast service AND be treated like you're the only person in the world. That's only in my dreams.And HEY! there are actually INDIANS making this INDIAN food!Cheap Cheap Cheap Cheap Cheap! Grab an Aloo Masala Roll or two (7 BUCKS!) and avoid the food coma that comes with heavy subs and pizza.I really do appreciate the authentic flavor and the convenience of true Indian food wrapped up for walking and eating!The concept is perfect for a my busy New Yorker lifestyle.
Yum! I heard they were good, but damn, it REALLY hit the spot. I got the paneer roll. Finger-lickin' spicy good.
It was good.  They are small.  Two is probably enough for a normal person, but apparently I require more food.  The menu is incredibly simple (e.g. "egg," "potato," "chicken").  I got two chicken for 8.50.  Spicy and tasty.  I'll probably go back...but not too soon.  I hate working in this neighborhood.
Delicious and quick! Stopped in after reading reviews - ordered 2 Tikka chicken rolls and took them to Bryant Park. A terrific dinner!
I would like to see better use of salt and spices in the rolls. The place is good if you want a quick bite to eat. Reasonably priced.
EDIT:  This place is definitely still open, so don't pay attention to the titleAnyway, this is an interesting place.  It only serves one kind of food- the Kati Roll.  It's basically a "tikka" item, like chicken tikka, paneer tikka, beef tikka wrapped in a paratha, a buttery layered bread.  Its complemented by red onions and a little lemon juice.  And its delicious.  Other varieties include a lamb kebab roll (I've always found this to be a little dry and overcooked) and a potato filled roll (similar to the potato filling in a masala dosa).  And you can add an spicy egg omelet to each of the rolls.A little pricy- the best deal is to get two of the same kind, cause they'll give you about a dollar off- but it'll still approach $10.  Also if you during prime times (like between 12 to 1) its a long wait in line and sort of a long wait for your food (longer than you'd think considering how much of the stuff looks prepared already- you can see the kitchen).  But definitely a very tasty lunch option.
Kati Roll is great, both this location and the one on Macdougal, though I personally like this one better.  The concept is brilliant - Indian food, burrito style.  Instead of a tortilla your chicken tikka comes wrapped in a roti but the effect is very much the same.  My personal favorites are Aloo (potato) and Paneer rolls but they have plenty of meat choices, including the unheard of *BEEF* tikka concoction which I am yet to get up the nerve to try.  The rolls are priced between 4 and 5 dollars each with discounts if you get two at a time.  If you end up getting two (one is probably not enough for a meal unless you're 6 years old) it will cost between 7 and 9 dollars.  Some of the rolls are pretty spicey and you will definitely smell of Indian food for a good while afterward but it's well worth it.  The trick my coworkers figured out to combat the curry-breath afterward is to head to the Irish pub next door and do a round of Irish carbombs, which surprisingly enough makes the perfect dessert for a kati roll!  Give it a try next time you're here, you won't regret it!  And nevermind that it's lunch time, don't skip the carbomb!
Yummmmmmmmmm.This just opened by my work and boy oh boy am I glad it did. I've never been to the downtown location, but this was great. Got the undu chicken roll, delish. Wish it had some more onions in it though. Great lunch time food, especially since there's a little park-like area you can walk over to and eat in after you get your food (yes there are tables inside but after sitting in the office, it's nice to be outside).Food came out pretty quickly, although it felt like forever because we were so hungry. Prices are fine, especially for midtown. This is definitely gonna be a regular stop for lunch, despite the fact that I'm pretty sure I smelled like Indian food all day as a result (hey, it's semi-sexy, right???)
If you thought Indian wraps began and end w/ the colorful yet inedible sari, think again!  You can compare Kati rolls to wraps, burritos, mini-dosas, savory crepes...all adds up to bread wrapped around filling.    The bread is somewhat similar to nan but is greasier and crispier.  The filling is traditional Indian ingredients and spices.  I like the Aloo Masala roll (Spicy Potato), Chicken Tikka, and the mutton roll but, to tell you the truth, everything I've had here tastes kinda similar.  The sandwiches get pretty spicy so if you're a spiceophobe, you better tell them to make it mild.    You need two of these to fill you up.  They incent you to buy two of the same by charging like $5 for one and $9 for two.  If you mix and match, you end up paying an extra dollar or so.  Whatever.  If you could order two mini-burritos, would you get the same things in both?  Of course not....so don't let them bribe your better judgment...Ok, now onto the decor/concept.  This place is the restaurant equivalent of a mashup in music.  It's Indian meets Americana Fast Food.  They even have movie posters hanging up but they are of various Indian productions that appear 70's in nature and reminded me of Shaft (Bollyxplotation?) and CHiPs (the Indian star looks like Erik Estrada).  All that's missing for this mashup to totally be in effect is if they provided a value meal w/ spiced potatoes and an Indian drink.There may be a lot of $$$ to be made in this mashup concept.  How about a Mexican place where you get to make your fajitas via a Korean BBQ at the table?  A French joint where they bring you game birds and snails via a Brazilian skewer?  A sushi place that is done up like a TGIFs where the service staff has Hello Kitty & Pokemon flair and you can get a Jack Daniels glaze on your Hamachi.   You'd think the folks at Riese Restaurants would be all over this....
I love the idea of portable Indian food that tastes really good and seems authentic. I've had the Beef Tikka roll that is tasty and has a bit of spice to it, two of them make a good sized meal (and run $8 for both). There are a bit greasy when you are eating them though.Gave the 5th star since it's so hard to find decent food in the Garment District.
This place is like the new Spoon album: so damn satisfying. Ask for extra coriander chutney. MMmm.
It's good but expensive. I tried the mutton roll and the minced mutton sausage was delicious. What was really interesting is the roti. It has a very doughy texture which I wasn't expecting. But at almost $6 each, you'll need 3 of these to fill you up. They are about the size of a soft taco. Service was also painfully slow. I had to wait 10 minutes and there was only two customers in front of me.
Chicken Masala roll was GREAT! The meat was really flavorful, keeping with indian cuisine. The rolls were on the smaller side, but if you want a great snack at a great price, this is the place to go. If you're really hungry get at least 2. The place is small so finding a place to sit and eat is like trying to find microscopic bacteria with your own eyes.
Cheap and delicious Indian snack (which feels like a meal if you have 2 rolls).  If you don't believe me then check it out for yourself.  My testimony is in the many Indians that you'll find eating at this fine establishment.
What a disappointment this place was!  After much anticipation I finally walk (in the rain) to Kati Roll and wont be coming back.After ordering the chicken and paneer tikka rolls and waiting for what seemed like an eternity (not sure why because the place wasn't busy) the food comes out charred, greasy and did I mention charred? The paneer tikka roll was better than the chicken roll but not by much.  The overhyped Kati Roll is as big of a disappointment as Magnolia Bakery.
Pretty good, but could use staff that's decidedly less stand-offish. They don't need to do much by way of publicity - they usually have a steady stream of people coming through their doors at all hours, so maybe that brings about a bit of complacency.  Also, I feel like they could use additional vegetarian options. If you're in the same boat as me, go for the paneer tikka roll and get it spicy. The rolls travel well too - I've taken them back to the Upper West Side and apart from being a tad soggy, they were just fine.
A Cannot Miss for the Greasy/Spicy/Crispy Aficionados of Midtown.Yeah, you are out there: The one that salivates at the thought of hot, grease-drenched, crunchy rolls filled with potatoes, chicken, etc, fresh off the grill.The wait can be substantial during the lunch rush, so keep that in mind.  Maybe you can call ahead.And, yes, you must take advantage of the tiny discount you get when you buy two rolls.  One's not enough, anyway.  Do it.
I love these rolls! They make the best lunch, I am definately coming back...Nice prices, great flavor, and so very addicting. I think next time I'll get 3.
Very tasty wraps and the ones we tried(one with egg and one with potatoes) were not spicy. It was also interesting to see them making the rolls and the chicken and beef.
The unda chicken rolls rock my world. Greasy, spicy, flavorful goodness! Great for take out and enjoying the rolls in nearby Bryant Park - just don't forget a water or your mouth will hate you!Only negative comment is that they have a credit card minimum, so you have to have cash!
Great take-our for lunch. Whether staying there or taking away, it's best to call the order ahead so you don't have to wait. Can be a decent wait during the lunch rush, but completely worth it.
These rolls are addictive and amazing! At about $4-5 each, you order two with a can of soda for a complete meal under $10. I have been here several times and the taste of their rolls is consistently amazing: they are meaty, spicy, salty, tangy, flaky, sweet.... The ambiance is also decent with enough tables and chairs to have a sit-down meal. There are old Bollywood posters that decorate the walls and give the place a unique, retro feel.Definitely try this place - only your waistline will regret it!
I would really love this place - which has delicious, fast food at great prices - except for the fact that a guy took me here on a first date.  It could have been passed off as an innocent mistake, except for the fact that he said he went there regularly for lunch when he used to work in midtown.  First and last date.  And Kati Roll is tainted forever.
Nice...they added masala tea to their menu!  I tried the Unda Shami Kebab Roll today and it was delicious.  Yes, still greasy but not as bad as the last time I went.  Upgraded to 3 stars for paying attention to their customers.
I probably would've given these guys four stars, but they screwed up all four rolls! But, whatever I ate tasted delicious. Hopefully they'll get my order right next time.
All I can say is that both times I've been to this place, I've had horrible service.  The first time I thought my 35 minute wait was a fluke; after the second time I decided I would never come back.  The food is just so-so (unexpectedly greasy) - definitely not worth the wait...
YUM! The fastest, easiest, most convenient way to eat Indian food for lunch. My only complaint is that when I requested some green sauce to go, they said no can do. I offered to buy some and they actually said no! Okay...they have gallons of it - I couldn't quite figure out why so stingy.
Hole in a wall - greasy and tasty Indian rolls filled with chicken, paneer, aloo, lamb or beef.  The Bleecker street location is excellent. I have tried the 39 and 6 Avenue location on 3-4 times and it is not the smae. The 39 location is substandard compared to the Bleecker street. Bleecker street has limited seating, so at times you can be lucky.One roll does not do it- so I always need 2 to fill me up. The pricing is a bit pricy for lunch.
kati roll is the best lunch spot in midtown, hands down. get over the line (even off-peak) and everything is perfect. food is always on point. aloo masala, chicken tikka and unda chicken seem to be my favorites, but I will mix it up and order anything on the menu. never had a bad roll. the to-go bag is a stroke of brilliance - keeps rolls toasty so you can be a good worker bee and eat at your desk. love this place.
MY GOD these are delicious. So flavorful and full of bite and spice! I highly recommend the unda aloo roll (potato and egg), the smell alone will make your mouth water. You can request extra chutney or to make yours extra spicy, but I prefer them regular. They can be a little pricey if you plan on buying multiple rolls, but they are most definitely worth it. Kati rolls are so amazing and surprisingly filling (you always think two won't be enough but they stuff you up), and have them with a cold soda and you've got the perfect lunch. It's literally an Indian burrito from heaven, it's a must try!
Very good food. I had a shocking experience when i first tried indian food, so my friend took me here to redeem my concept! I cant recall what did i have but it was very good!
I came here by recommendation and tried Achari Paneer, Chana Masal, Unda Chicken, and Unda Beef. Everything was so yummy and the flat bread was just soo good, I could eat this every day! Too bad they don't accept Amex.
The McDonaldization of kati rolls is here. And boy is it satisfying. I've only taken out, but be sure to ask for the sauces/chutneys. Yes, there are many better and more expensive, as well as hole-in-the-wall cheaper places, but this place makes their rolls consistently decent and as efficiently as a Subway makes their heroes.
please stop making chicken kutiroll. It gave me a tutti roll!
I live a block away from this place and it really hits the spot. They are consistantly good at making kati rolls. The only complaint is that the rolls are too small.
what happened to this place ? i used go there all the time for lunch, i even introduce this place to lot of my co workers. food was good before but now from last 4-5 times i have been there. 1st of all customer service ? there is none, no hello, no thanks !!! when u tell them if you want your food spicy or non spicy, they really do not pass your message to the person who is actually preparing your roll, it has happened to me few times now. Kati rolls were dry & no taste, Aloo roll was totally tasteless. keema kabob roll, they took the meat out of freezer & warmed it up in microwave . one time i asked for more sauce & they had a major attitude. i have stopped going there.
It's 4am and you're ready to go home and require some drunk food. Most people opt for platters, but I prefer kati roll. Sometimes, I've come to NYC late at night just for Kati Roll. I prefer this location to others because their food seems to taste fresher, and their location is a lot more spacious. Their prices are reasonable, and it's fast and quite fresh.
Just picked up two kati rolls and they were outstanding! Wife had the potato and I had the beef. Nice spice to it and service wa excellent abd quick! Great start to my evening food quest for great and quick food!
Had to wait 30 minutes to get my food...  not really worth the wait.  Very unfriendly service and unapologetically slow.  You're better off going to the Indian restaurant across the street.  I wish I had better things to say but have found the experience consistently negative.
I love their mixed veggie roll. It is close to my office and I keep going here for lunch. It is always crowded during the lunch time, so order and pickup if you have no patience or time to wait. I have tried their achari paneer roll, aloo roll and anda roll too. These are not bad but I must confess mixed veggie is my absolute favorite :)
Some of the worst food I've ever had. Chicken was burned. The place was dirty and service was poor.
I totally lurve Kati Roll co. I think it's a bit pricey for the amount of food you get but after 1 and a half of these and I'm pushing my red basket away.  Try it if you're in midtown and get a craving for something Indian and quick.  I actually love the look of the menu so much I took one to put up in my kitchen...hey, found art!
I miss my fav place in Malviya Nagar, Delhi but this was a good substitute without the 14 hr commute.  The place is impeccably clean; the food isn't spicy at all though they give you fresh chili on the side; the staff was nice; the chai doesn't have any sugar added; there was plenty of space and we stuck around for 1-1/2 hours; the rolls themselves were a little flaky (laccha parantha-like) and sweet while the filling was rather bland; it was all greasy and my American stomach rebelled 30 minutes later.
Pretty good, tastes kind of like Indian food wrapped in an injera-tasting burrito. Good spot for lunch or a quick dinner. Not amazing.
The place is small and usually has a line snaking back to the front door.  Everything served here (and the menu is short) is rolled up in naan.  My favorites are the Chicken Unda and Beef Tikka rolls.  The flavors are complex, the naan is fried and greasy (yum!) and the meat is slow cooked and tender.  They take forever to prepare each order, but if you are patient, the payoff is worth the wait.  Minus one star for the slow service.UPDATE:  What happened?  I had an urge for a kati roll the other day and found them all locked up with the name removed from the awning.  I hope they only moved instead of closing altogether.  Does anyone know?
Really don't understand all the hype surrounding this place. My officemate would go on and on about it, but I thought it was just okay. I get the novelty aspect, i.e. isn't this one of the reasons we live in NY, b/c in no other city can you find dumplings, kati rolls, and lamb kebab on the same block, etc., but really I just didn't think this place was all that. Next!
yummy - indian burritos! ahaha - i love love parathas so when you can have it all rolled up for convenience - why the heck not?! ordered 1 lamb and 1 chicken tikka on account of the reviews and have to say they were both very good. the chicken definitely kicked my butt in terms of heat - but it was well worth it. a nice mango lassi woulda been nice to cool the palate...my friends had the egg/potato which they said rocked so i shall give that a go next time.
Don't ever go here! It took them around  35 minutes for making two simple rolls at two different occasions . Unless you have all the time in the world skip this nasty and rude establishment !!!!!!!!
The rolls are bit of a grease bomb but they are yummy. I just suggest extra napkins and give a good pat down like a slice of greasy pizza.
Great indian fast-food, just a block from the NY Public Library and handy for Times Square; especially love the achar paneer rolls.  Service is friendly, and seats usually open pretty quickly.
A staple craving for me. While they started a trend and a lot of other kati roll joints have cropped up... these guys are the first and best! A favourite is the achari paneer roll.
Their rolls are better than the Biryani Cart guy on 46th, but more expensive. You can get 2 for $6 at the cart and get 2 for $8.50 here depending on what you get. The Company has more stuff in their rolls though, not all sauce like the Cart. What makes it is the green chutney sauce, I think is made from peas and spices. Need to figure that out somehow...
I just moved to NY and my friend took me here for lunch this past weekend. I was blown away with the speed, service and mostly the quality of the food (I got the chicken tikka roll and it was delicious!!! Could have probably eaten another). I highly reccommend it to anyone looking for a tasty meal that won't break the bank. You can bet I will be back!!!
This is by far the best and only Kati I've ever eaten. The price is too high, but my wife and I enjoy sharing the Unda Beef and Unda Chicken. Ask for it spicy!
Yeah, I can dig it. Altho can get a little spicy for me.
I went to grad school in this neighborhood and never knew Kati Roll existed.  Such a shame, so many lost mealtimes experiencing total satisfaction.  The vegetarian potato roll rocked my world.
This place is good when you want something hearty for lunch. I personally like the chicken tikka rolls or the paneer ones. I love how they are naturally spicy. The only drawback is if you come during lunch.. you'll be waiting since this is a very crowded lunch spot in midtown. If you're going to do a bulk order.. I would call ahead and pick it up.
I love their chicken and aloo masala (spicy potato) rolls.  It's great for lunch or anytime snack.  Two rolls are plenty to fill up on.  It is a bit greasy but hey this is damn good Indian street food!  There is ample space for small parties of 3-4 people, and the sparse space is adorned with Bollywood movie posters.  Also, the staff are helpful and welcoming.  Kati Roll, I wish I lived closer so I could swing by more frequently!
This is where I bring people when I want them to be impressed with how in the know I am. How hip and sophisticated I am. Then I tell my friends they are Indian Burritos (hey you gotta know how to relate to the common people). They're greasy bites of heaven. I really like the ...one with panneer cheese (name?)... it has a nice lime twist. And to weigh in on the debate.. I am thinking 2 is the right amount.
I like the village(bleecker) location better...the paneers(tofu) and chicken are surely better at bleecker.Though the biryani@Biryani-Cart is amazing, their kati rolls are cheaper but no where close to KRC .Everyone(including non-indians) I have taken to this place have loved the KRC rolls.
Its oh so delicious! Its greasy and not the healthiest thing out there but its just so good! They're not big but can be deceivingly filling, one is usually enough to keep my tummy happy and two is too heavy. The chicken is great (ask for hot sauce if you want it spicier) and the paneer is a tasty vegetarian option. This place is also a great late night option.
I was terribly dissapointed by this place. $4.75 for an overly season cold  chicken wrap. The reason it even deserves that one star was because of the onion garnish. If you were eating for the atmosphere don't expect anything, the decor was mostly some campy indian movie posters from the early 90s. Save yourself that walk down the block and just order a chicken gyro from those street stall. I don't know what the other happy customers are putting into their mouth, but this place doesn't deserve the 4-5 stars ratings.
I've only had the egg & ground lamb roll but it was one of the best tasting  lunches/snacks ever.  Just the right combination of spice, flavor, temperature, and texture.  Should've gotten a double order now that I've inhaled the first one.  Will definitely be working my way through the menu.  It's not terribly complex but if the lines are any indication, well worth it.  The lines while long aren't actually that bad - it's a fast moving lunch crowd.
how in the hell is this "indian"? that's like saying taco bell or chevy's is "mexican".9 dollars for two wraps in things that taste like tortilla versions of naan bread (sans fluff, plus all the grease), ugh. and the chickpea filling wasn't filling. people can be so crass.
First of all the rolls you get here arent really Kati rolls, they are more like Frankies you get in Bombay. Real Kati Rolls are made from white flour (maida) whereas the ones here are made from wheat flour (atta), makes a big difference in taste. I grew up eating Kati Rolls in Delhi (nothing compares to Nizams) especially their mutton egg rolls. The Unda Beef or the Unda Chicken you get here are a cheap substitute. The meat is always charred and tasteless so I usually get a plain Unda(Egg) Roll or an Alloo (Potato) Roll. The place tends to be crowded mostly so I would recommend calling in advance for a pickup.They also have a minimum limit for credit charge which is annoying.
All you haters will complain about the wait but seriously- it's worth it. I was number 145. and when I walked in they were on 123. But they fire off those orders like no one's business. boom, boom, number after number and less than ten minutes I was eating delicious burrito like Indian food. so the na'an? wrapper isn't really na'an. Think chalupa wrapper from taco bell. a bit fluffy, but mostly tortilla.  They're not saucy and therefore extremely easy to eat as finger food. I was expecting curry sauce to slowly ooze out of my wrap and the wrap to be soggy to the point of dissolving back into the constituent flour and yeast. nope! perfect, even after an impromptu meeting delayed me eating for almost half an hour! perfect.downsides: they're small. like everyone here's said. order two. unless you're feeding your six year old kid. seriously, maybe then one and a half's enough. I had a potato and egg. It was good, but not very eggy. also, not spicy at all. the chicken was very spicy. but it was delicious. I know you could get a similar chicken on a pita from a vendor for maybe a couple dollars less (less than 3 bucks outside, 5.25 in here) but the seasonings and the onions are perfectly balanced. really great.so I have a new lunchtime favorite. in case you can't tell from my glowing review. credit card minimum is 20 bucks! what's that!? c'mon!
Beat the lunch rush which is great, it gets busy after 12:30p.  I got the Beef with egg and the potato w/ egg.  Both were very good, but I would favor the potato more with more flavor.  The beef was a little over cooked to my liking.  Both of these and a tea cost me about 11 bucks, which isn't too bad, usually I think of Indian food i'm thinking expensive, like spending 20 bucks.
Really good rolls but don't ask for spicy-- big mistake bc it's seriously spicy. Unless you can handle extremely spicy foods just order as is which is spicy enough. I dont remember the names but i had the masala potato, egg, chicken rolls--- all yummy.  Need to order at least 2 to be full
Was headed to a Broadway show that night, maybe Spamalot, I don't really remember, while in town from California and traveling on a tight budget, so I turned to Yelp for dinner suggestions.  It's a winner!  Never had anything like this before.  I mean, I've had burritos, and I've had Indian wraps, but nothing like these little pockets of deliciousness.  I had two - aloo masala and chicken - and can't really recommend one over another.  Both had a wonderful cilantro/mint  burst of flavor (but if you're one of those crazies who don't like cilantro, just have them hold the chutney).  My taste buds were begging for more, and I might've been able to submit at the risk of sitting through a Broadway show in a food coma, but time didn't allow.  I have been craving them ever since.  Get 'em while you can!
Great find right in midtown- 2 tasty rolls (my favs are lamb) will make you very happy!
i love this place, i usually get the chicken and egg roll but ive been wanting to try the others. it can be a bit greasy so its not exactly the healthiest but its just so good, i dont even care what its gonna do to my waistline.
Cheap and (relatively) healthy food in midtown is hard to find.  I was hoping a $5 kati roll would be the answer, but the size is far too small.  My little sister weighs 95 lbs and probably wouldn't be satisfied by only one of these little guys.  The quality is heads above a street meat cart's lamb in a pita, but those are much bigger and the the prices are the same.The wrap is paratha, an Indian bread that is dense and foldable but not as fluffy as naan.  The fillings are very good.  I had one mutton roll and one paneer roll.  The paneer was large and firm and the onions it came with were delicious and had a hint of spice.  The mutton had simple seasonings and some burnt grill flavor.  I preferred the paneer.Summary:  Ultimately, you can't call a single $5 roll from here light, only small.  The greasy bread and heavy-n-your-tummy fillings aren't light fare but the small size leaves you hungry anyway.  The flavor is tasty though.  I call this place a snack not a lunch.
SOOO Good! A great find! Have had the egg (less spicy than the others), Chicken Tikka and yesterday tried the Mixed veg with beets - delish! VERY COOL CONCEPT!
This has to be one of the best places to eat in midtown.  I go almost every week for lunch and the food is always very consistent.  I've tried most of the rolls -- all are great.  I've tried other places that sell Kati rolls, and nothing compares to this. Only downside is that the lunch rush can be a bit slow, so go before noon to beat the rush.
It's safe to say, Kati roll is the new burrito, so Chipotle look out.  I had my first Kati roll tonight and I'm hooked.  Kati roll is essentially an Indian burrito with nan instead of a tortilla.  I went with the Chicken w/ egg roll and a Mango drink and didn't look back but the others looked delicious as well.  Service is quick and its the perfect late night food, just don't wear your Sunday best.  Ask for the extra hot sauce...
Their bread (paratha?) is greeeeeeeasy, like so many things I love, but in such a good way.  I'd recommend you get one of each of mutton and chicken, and that you bring a friend who gets the potato one (so that you could steal a few bites).  Then I'd recommend that you not talk to anyone for the rest of the day, unless they really like the smell of onions.
You know why you come here: cuz you're drunk, it's late, this place is still open, and an egg&potato roll always hits the spot. It's kinda pricey for the amount of food you get, so you should definitely do the "2 for ___" deal. Yeah, it's pretty greasy, as a lot of people have already mentioned, but what do you expect? It's drunk food! And really good drunk food at that. The mix of spices is delish, but be warned that the rolls are kinda heavy on the onions. Just keep that in mind in case you were thinking about making out with someone.
If you dread eating in Times Square, this may be the place for you!  I have no idea whether or not these resemble actual Kati Rolls, but they are delicious.  Greasy, spicy, awesome.  When I walked in I was the only non-Indian person in the place, which I took to be a good sign.  Great decor, but tiny.
Fast, Cheap, & Indian....What more can you ask for. the Portions are small yes, BUT that just gives you an excuse to eat more then one.
this is our favorite place. amazingly cheap even after being close to time square. the food is very good. we always have chicken unda roll or shami kabab roll and luv it!!
The food is definitely better than how I remembered my one time at the MacDougal location several years ago, but I can't with the wait times here.Decided to give Kati Roll another go after lolling around Bryant Park one evening. I got in around 9, and thought I got lucky because there was nobody waiting to order (10 minutes later and the line went out the door). But alas, lucky I was not. There was nobody waiting to order before me because everyone was already waiting for their food. I joined the fray and to make a loooong story short, waited 20 minutes for my single chicken unda roll. Twenty minutes. At a place that literally ONLY makes rolls.I don't get it. It seems like one guy handles all the orders once the kitchen finishes preparing the rolls, and this dude straight up was incompetent. Everyone in line could see the mountain of rolls gradually building up on the counter behind the register, but processing boy over here was taking his sweet sweet time. Is it really that difficult to speed up the process? All you have to do is put the roll(s) in a plastic bag and yell out the corresponding number. They could do without this guy and make it more efficient by letting customers pick up their own rolls, but that's none of my business.It's a shame, because the roll was quite delicious. The eggs had great grilled flavor, and the chicken wasn't dry at all. Despite that, I won't be back unless there is literally nobody else in the restaurant, because the wait ain't worth it.
This location is much roomier and more comfortable than the one on MacDougal. Inwent at about 3pm on a Tuesday, which seems to be after the lunch rush. The cashier didnt try to upsell me like the woman at the downtown location had. $16 for two rolls and a lassi (orange blossom, oooh) seems steep compared to a halal cart or a sit down indian place in Queens but the price is good for the neighborhood and how filling/tasty the food is. I will definitely be back to this location. The table tucked by the front window was great for my solo lunch before work.
This was the first time I tried The Kati Roll Company. I was interested in trying out this place by the sheer number of yelp reviews and likes. The service seemed pretty quick. I ordered an Achari Paneer Roll and Masala chai. The chai was decent with no sugar added which I found to be a good idea so that people who want to avoid sugar can do so. However, the paneer roll was trash. The paneer had no 'achari' flavor. It was dry and there were such huge pieces of it in the roll that I had to add some ketchup on hand to make it go down my throat. This could be a complete different thing with the meat options but for paneer it is very bad. The roti in which the paneer was folded was partly cooked and hence I could feel the raw dough taste in my mouth. They should have added more sauce in the roll to make it flavorful and less doughy. Overall I regret going to them for my vegetarian meal fix. Thanks Kati Roll Company for spoiling my appetite at a time when I was sooo soo hungry. Good luck!
I used to work nearby and ate here once a week. With a new job not so close, I go out of my way after hours and on weekends for a kati roll if that fully explains how much I dig this place.My favorites are the Unda Aloo (mashed potato and grilled egg), Paneer, Mixed Veggie and Shrimp Masala. ALWAYS add the chutney to your order and ALWAYS order a Lassi.You're welcome.
Great food that reminds us of Mumbai!
The rolls are yummy. The service is prompt. We tried different lassi and all are very tasty. My family don't usually like heavy spiced food. But this is just right seasoned and prepared.
I used to like this place. Kati rolls are delicious. But I went here last Friday and I got a chicken Kati roll and one of the pieces of chicken was raw. That's disgusting. I will never be coming back here.
I liked this place!The ambience:It's a small place but has a kicking vibe. The wall is covered in newspaper-looking art. The food:It is a unique idea (like indian tacos), and the pratha is great! The salad was all right. I wouldn't recommend it unless you want to put it in your plain egg pratha.Recommendations:As a personal preference, I wish there was a make your own option, because I liked certain things from different wraps but not the pre-made ones.Also the wait was super long! You need to fix that. Granted it was a big group, but that was the wait of a place that does not belong in a place where there's little seating and should be like a fast grab and go.
Fantastic break from lame salad bars and sandwich counters.  Flavorful and filling, Kati is worth a visit.    Great veggie options available.
I found this place through yelp, and decided to go here for a quick bite before heading back to my home state. Reviews were good, but I never really believe what other people say until I actually experience it myself. To be honest, I wasn't expecting much when I got there. The place is small and looked simple. I forgot what I ordered, but it was so delicious that I immediately bookmarked this place on my yelp account. Definitely would stop by here again next time I'm in the area.
As close to Kolkata kosha mangsho as you'll get in NYC. Also great drunk food!
The line for this place was super long but it went by fairly fast. I didn't know what to expect because I'd heard mixed reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised!I got the paneer roll and it was so good- the paneer was fresh and cooked perfectly. The one thing that was kind of frustrating was that they put the chicken roll and paneer roll in the same bag without labeling them, so my +1 tried a roll first to figure out if it was chicken or paneer -before I could dig in and eat -_- Also, it's not super filling for the price.Would I come back? Yes!
Such a great concept! Tried the chicken tikka roll as a snack and then forced my BF to buy me the unda aloo roll. Love the flavors and the option to add egg. I just wish they would serve other sides like masala fries, samosas, or other deep fried carby goods.
Although it was filling, I was pretty disappointed by my unda aloo roll. It just didn't seem that fresh. The potatoes were kind of mealy and unevenly heated, as if they had been chilled (or frozen) and then reheated in a hurry. The paratha was kind of rubbery and tough. I ended up opening it up, taking out the aloo, eating some of the rest, and throwing out the remainder. Some yogurt or chutney would have been welcome.
Open til late, these rolls are just what you would want for inebriated munchie cravings. I got the lamb and beef rolls. I honestly forgot the name of the rolls, but I remember it was order #11 & #13. If the weather was just warmer (Damn you climate change), I would have ordered the lassi.
This place is fabulous! The food is delicious, the service is friendly and engaging! The person who took our oder was awesome, he made sure to go in details about everything we were about to eat! It is affordable which makes it even more delicious! Love it!!!
Great Indian street food. Mild is a little spicy  so beware. No 5 stars because there's little seating, it's a bit pricey and always crowded
**Vegetarian Friendly**The food was fantastic! Perfect blend of spices for any tastebud. They're perfect to walk around the city with too. I ordered a few to try them all out - Aloo Masala Roll, Achari Paneer Roll, and Chana Masala Roll. I do wish they had more sauce options since some of the rolls would taste better "wet." I wish they had more seating too, it was extremely busy. Definitely get the Mango Lassi! It was the perfect sweet and refreshing treat in the heat.
I was really excited about the Kathi rolls because I was told it's the best kathi rolls in NY but it didn't really meet my expectations or maybe because I was expecting it to be a lot like rolls from my home town, New Delhi.Me and my friend ordered the Unda Chicken rolls. I am not a big spice person but I think the chutney was lacking a certain kind of spice and was flavorless. My friend loved it because it was the perfect spice level for him (he can't handle spice at all).I might give this place another try to try their achari rolls because that sounds more flavorful.
Delicious rolls! I had the Unda Chicken roll and the balance between the flatbread and filling was great.  All the rolls come with a spicy or not spicy option, and I went with not spicy but my roll was still relatively spicy. That may just be me though. Line moved very fast and I got my order within 5 minutes. The only thing was that it was pretty crowded, which was to be expected during lunchtime, but there were no bar style areas where people could stand and eat. All the seating was full, so I ended up having to stand near the counter holding my rolls until a tablet opened up. I would say two rolls are perfect for a full meal.
Not all rolls were created equal. The unda shammi rolls are easily the most authentic tasting, but can be a bit dry considering the minced nature of the kabab. I love the menu, it reminds of my childhood and the random posters you could buy at the local stationary store. The Big-B posters are rather unnecessary considering he is not a very good actor.
Kati Roll does do a few things really right. The space is very comfortable decked out in orange walls, gold tables, and halogen lighting - if it is always a bit dirty. The food is well spiced -- don't listen to the nags on Yelp on this matter. But Kati falls in many regards and can't hold up to it's uptown competitor Bombay Frankie. First of all, the parathas at Frankies are way less oily, and they always cook them fresh when you order. At Kati they seem to be sitting around. Second, Kati microwaves it's food. Perhaps not the aloo or the grilled meats, but they clearly put the chana masala (which was sitting out at room temperature) in the nuker. Frankies does not have a microwave. Sure they are also reheating pre-cooked chana there too, but it just seems better and more authentic on the grill. They need to fix their techniques and make things a bit fresher, and then they could bump to 4-star quality
indian food is one of the very few things i will not eat but kati rolls get around that ... prob because it doesn't have that strong curry presence. i've tried half the menu and despite my affinity for eggs i just don't get the "unda" rolls with a beaten layer of eggs. i've settled on the beef tikka roll ... no more experimenting here.
Expensive for kati rolls, which is the only reason I'd say four stars instead of five.  We usually order the unda chicken roll; have ordered the plain chicken before, and the egg makes a big difference!  The spicing is better on the chicken than on the beef and the shami rolls.   The decor inside the restaurant is fun, with vintage Bollywood posters on the walls.  Overall, a good place for a quick meal.
This place is perfect for a late night snack. Their menu is simple with pictures to avoid any confusion. Their egg and chicken roll is YUMMY!!! Remember to get extra napkins because it gets messy.
So we tried the chicken and beef roll here.  We expected this to be great because everyone told us how much better it was than Roomali, however we do not agree.  The chicken roll was much better, and flavorful, however the beef was overcooked and dry.  It came with onions, however we would have preferred some more vegetables such as lettuce to balance the dryness of the meat.
Every time I come in from Sf I usually stop here at least once.  The kati rolls are always very tasty.
i hate hindu food, but the kati roll is amazing.  as a drunk snack or just an oily substitute, it's just damn good...and so damn simple.  egg, and meat on a pita bread...and yet it tastes so freaking good.  i love it
decent indian food at a decen tprice.
Oh god oh god oh how i *love* Kati Rolls....I curse the day I found out about it (damn you Rani!).  Delicious fillings inside fried bread for $5....what could be better?  (A beer with it, that's what!)  My favorites are the chicken and the paneer.  Of course, its always a tough call about having one or two.  The lamb is incredible by my stomach isn't strong enough to take it.   I crave Kati Rolls........................
Just so good.  Deliciously spicy and filling.  Had the chicken tikka and the potato roll and the chicken and egg one and all were great.  I think the chicken and egg was my favorite.  Such a nice blend of spices in them.  Great lunch treat, if only it was a little closer to my office!  There is a bit of a wait, but it's not too bad.
What great value and flavor. I got the shrimp roll and the strawberry lassi. Both were beyond excellent. The portions are small though. I could have eaten two.
I've had Kati Roll a few times now and they are always quite good.  We were across the street at the bar watching a game and decided to skip the bar food and run across the street during half time for a quick bite.  Well there was nothing quick about this.  It was pretty busy and seemed to take way to long for us to get our order.  I ended up smuggling these back into the bar as we missed the beginning of the third quarter.  This time around I had the Shami Kabab roll, which was quite tasty and full of flavor.  I always wish these were a little bigger.
If you are tired of burritos but still want a roll of some sort you can just munch on using your hands you should definitely check out this place. Easy system, specialized menu and simple good food makes it a pretty nice place to quickly drop by to grab a few rolls. Plenty of vegetarian options too since it's your standard Indian food affair.I had the chicken tikka and shrimp masala and both were pretty damn tasty. Plenty of spices are mixed into the roll nice and evenly so that every bite is simply satisfying. It does get a bit oily even with the paper wrapper but they give you wet naps for that so not much of an issue.They have limited number of seats but seeing how Bryant park is just a block away I think getting it to go to enjoy it at the park is the better way to go.I only visited this place in the first place since they stay open very late, a perfect late night snack joint where you can pig out of you wanted to. If the oily rolls make you feel too guilty late at night maybe grabbing the salad will be a better idea. You can also add some meat to the salad for extra $ if you are feeling too not-guilty.
Was in here for a dinner on a Saturday night, got a chicken egg and a shami kabab roll. The rolls were mehh ( I'm very picky on Indian food), the place was super cramped and the portions were cramped. Not a very positive experience, but I can get how people who are not used to authentic kathis might actually end up liking it.
I think it is all the Kati Roll Company locations. Just like the midtown east one, the meat is so dry. I will not be trying another location.
I'd call kati rolls fast food Indian but it's not actually fast. You wait awhile because there is always a line since the place is so popular. It's tasty if a bit greasy. There are a bunch to choose from so it's fun to try different flavors or mix & match. Depending on how hungry you are, one may not be enough. It's very affordable and service is pretty friendly. They get very busy so the cleanliness of the place is not up to par. Bathroom was nasty when I went and the seating area could have used a sweep through and wipe down of the tables.
Very good paneer and chicken tikka rolls.Could be better.   Need at least 3 to fill you up
So dang good. From the wrap to the wet-napkin. Thoughtful, delicious, and easy to order!Favorite is Unda Chicken Roll and Beef Tikka Roll
This is the best place to grab a quick snack when taking buses/trains to and from New York. We get rolls here as soon as we come into NYC from DC and on our way back!The aloo roll with egg, is A-OK. Vegetarians love it, but since I enjoy the other offerings (shrimp, lamb), I'm not as sold on it. I think they could add A LOT more flavor to this roll. The potatoes while cooked perfect, are on the bland side. Some more onions, or relish and chutney would do the trick! The shrimp roll: oh my my! This comes highly recommended from moi! The shrimp is tiny, well marinated and bursting with flavor. Get it! I think it's an underrated roll here.The chicken roll was A-ok. The flavors are excellent and on track where tandoori flavor is concerned, but the chicken is kind of on the dry end.The lamb shammi kebab is another highly recommended one. The lamb is so, so we'll cooked, and has all the right flavors. The masalas really shine in this kebab. It's also hard to find good lamb dishes in general, so this is just a delight! Okay I'll stop! But---- they have Kingfisher beer from India! Refreshing and takes me back to dive bars on the streets of Bombay city, India!A must try.
This is one of my favorite places to get Indian food. It's kind of like fast food and what they specialize in are fried roti filled with meat/vegetables. I got a lamb roti with egg and one with just chickpeas and a lassi. Delicious as always!
So yum!I stopped by today for lunch to get these "Indian Burritos". The line was out the door but it moved quick. By the time I left, the line was gone! So I guess 1230 is their rush hour.I got the Chicken Tikka and Achari Paneer rolls. Both so good. Just the right amount of spice.2 was definitely filling enough for me, but if you're REALLY hungry go for 3.
Good food however getting a place to sit and enjoy the kathi rolls is a huge challenge every time I've gone there. The thing that really got me to rate 3/5 was that while they are quick to nudge you to tip them (via their PoS) for literally Zero service, they completely skip the essential accompaniment to kathi rolls - Chutney; in fact when you ask for it they want you to pay 25 cents per little container which in other places you'd get for free 98/100 times! I understand that one may want to control wastage but there are other means other than charging something that is elementary to the meal.
If u are in nyc, you never wanna miss this. Love the food. Little crowded at certain time of tge day, but still they try their best to serve you.
Rotirrito? Indian soft taco adjacent? Close enough. I tried the #5 and 11. If you want a snack, go for one and if you are really hungry, get two.The fillings were flavorful. One gripe: The lentils on #11 felt dry. Especially compared to the moist channa in my first wrap. Perhaps I should have sprung the extra quarter for a side of chutney. Next time! -The wait was about 5 minutes from order taken until it was ready. Orders are called by number. Also, it seems they prefer for you order by # and you will be asked "onions and everything."-There is a cooler of soft drinks and water. I believe they have homemade and/or prepackaged lassi's. By the time I went (8pm), there were none left. You can also get salads and for $1.75 extra add chicken or paneer to it. -The space is small and must of the seats were taken. It has quick turnover if you really want rest and eat. However, I opted for to go. It's not messy and they place to go orders in a nice foil lined sleeve, so it stays warm.  It's NYC- multitask. Also, if you heading to Herald Square, you will pass McDonalds and Pax. Smile. You made a better quick bite decision.
Great for a quick snack to go, you can get rolls ranging in price from $4-6 that are quite filling and absolutely delicious. They are pancake rolls filled with egg and meat, and covered with spices. Also, this place is typically filled with Indian families, so you know it's the real deal!)
If you are a Bengali and have craving for some good Kathi rolls then look no further! Suitably located next to Bryant park - pick up one or two rolls from the various options and head to Bryant park and enjoy the amazing park with these delicious rolls!
I'm a fan from when I lived in London so when I found this place, I had to try it!I preordered while on my way to pick up. Very easy, and the woman on the other end understood my long order. I ordered the Chana Masala, Aloo Masala, and the Mixed- Veggie.They were all great, but because I ordered a few for my co-workers, they got mixed up and it's hard to tell which is what when the bags are not labeled. I had asked the woman at the counter if this was possible because I feared this would happen, but she explained since they are all vegetarian they will be placed in the same bag.Otherwise, it's a great spot to try out. If you can, I suggest to pre-order online or by phone, because the line at the store can get pretty long, especially during lunchtime. There are a few places to sit and enjoy your meal, but don't count on it.
Food is good but very dirty place. Also service was poor. People were standing in line and no acknowledgement from any staff member.
This is the best place to have rolls in town. I have tried all veg. rolls as I m vegetarian. All have their own best taste. I like the most is achari paneer and chana masala.  Guys if you are near times square you should definitely give a try this it's in 39th st. 6th ave.
This is the biggest Kati roll location in Manhattan, and also the cleanest. The lines here can get pretty crazy during lunch, and late nights. The food is not always consistent, the frozen roti is sometimes undercooked, or they add too little of certain things or too much of things like onions, but according to me these are very minor glitches.The food here is cheap, reasonably healthy, especially the veggie options and most importantly really really tasty and easy to eat. The Masala chai they serve is authentic and yummy.The mango lassi is also pretty good. My favorite roll is their paneer roll. Another favorite is the mixed veggie roll  which has beets in it, and I am a sucker for the whole sweet and savory thing. When I want to keep things simple I have the unda(egg) roll. The aloo and channa rolls are pretty standard. The shammi roll is also pretty good. You can't go wrong with any roll really.They have a few tables here, so if its not too crowded you can grab one. The service is always friendly and good.Its Indian fast food at its best. Grab a bite after a drunken night or when you need a cheap but delicious lunch.
I got the shami kebob roll on paratha. I wasn't too crazy about it but it was a decent and flavorful lunch. Maybe the other rolls are better! I do like the interior of the restaurant - got some old school Bollywood posters decorating the wall.
As a visitor from Boston, I was totally thrilled with the idea of fast-casual Indian food! My home city just doesn't have the range of food establishments/trends that NYC does...but that's neither here nor there...Food/Drink: I LOVED this spot - when on a quiet Sunday afternoon by myself, and ordered a hot chai (yum!) and a Shami Kabab (lamb) kati roll. The staff was friendly, and helpful with my questions about some unfamiliar foods, and my food came up pretty quickly. The roll was a little smaller than I expected, but the flavor was out of this WORLD. Without any hesitation, I went up and ordered another, this time the Chana Masala Kati, which was also delicious!Experience: The space was pretty low key, although without a designated line area, the other patrons were sort of jockeying to be served. Additionally, seating was limited, which necessitated some shrewd circling of the tables finishing up.(Although other reviews suggest that it can get pretty packed, which kind of makes sense that there is more standing room than tables.) If it's nice out, Bryant Park is right around the corner to enjoy yours outside! The aesthetic of the place is Kolkata alleyway-chic, so it looks a little worn, but I would say that's meant to be part of the experience. Everything felt clean and comfortable.With amazing value for my buck, I would definitely come back here and recommend others do that same!
I have heard about kathi roll a lot when I first visited New York. It has forced me to visit Kathi roll and company during my recent visit to New York City. I would say I had fall in love for kathi roll after having it at The kati roll company. The rolls are amazing and it have a lot of indian touch. Should surely visited place. Worth visiting it.
I loved this small Indian street food place. After a show in NYC we stopped here about 10:30pm on a Saturday it was not crowded but busy. I got the shrimp rati and my boyfriend got he tofu they were really good, cheap, and quick. Exactly what we needed. They are closed on Sunday so we didn't get to go back before leaving but we tried. I would eat here again
I initially bookmarked this place because my husband is a fan of an Indian food truck in LA, and the rolls looked similar.Kati Roll is super easy to find, just look for the orange awning. Inside there is limited seating, and while the line could get quite long, we never had to search for a table or wait longer than 10 minutes for our food at lunchtime.#3 unda aloo roll- spicy potato with beaten eggs. SO good, it definitely has a kick so be aware, but I'm sensitive to spicy and thought it was delicious. The potato was super soft and the eggs added an interesting layer. #8 unda chicken roll- chicken tikka with beaten eggs. The chicken was a littleeee salty, but the marinade on it was delicious too. I enjoyed their flatbreads too.Hubby loved it so much that we ate it twice during our trip! The rolls were priced decently at about $6 a roll too.
Very good food definitely spicy at least to me. And great hours for that late night hunger  also its great how they give you the choice of spicy or non spicy. Will come back again.
I was really disappointed with the food that was served this time. We had ordered Achari paneer, aloo masala, and unda roll. Achari paneer did not have the required spices to make it tangy and the paneer cubes were huge, unlike the last time we had there. All the three rolls lacked flavor and salt big time! It was bland.
Delicious paratha rolls, with tasty fillings. Got 2 chicken tikka rolls, and a shrimp tikka roll, plus 2 chais. Perfect amount for 2 people, and only $22.The chicken tikka was delicious, with high quality chicken and a tasty curry lightly filled on the inside. The rolls never got soggy, and the bread itself was light and buttery.The shrimp tikka roll was incredible, with a tangy green curry and big, juicy shrimp.The chais were a perfect finish. The sign said "best chai in NYC". While that's a bit of an overstatement, it was still hot & a tad bit spicy.You can't beat a clean restaurant for cheap, delicious food. Will absolutely return.
Amazing hidden drunken food paradise--they are open until 5a most nights (who does that)! They take fast food Indian to another level. The best part: if you're vegan / vegetarian they have amazing options. We had the chickpea roll and the spicy potato roll (it had a specific name but you know...alcohol) and it was killer. Would definitely visit again.
This was really the first time I have Indian food. I was happy with what I got I've been craving to come back! I don't remember the name of what I had I only remember it was #3 on the menu.. spicy potatoes and egg in naan.. heaven!!! Get 2 if you're really hungry, I wasn't satisfied with just oneExcited to try out more!
I love me some Kati Roll! This place is always busy during lunch so expect to wait. It'll be worth it though. Everything is just so good and the manager is really friendly! I usually try to come around 1:30 to 2pm to make sure the line dies down a bit. If it's a nice day out and there's no room to sit (which is often the case), Bryant Park has an abundance of tables to scope out and is just one block away. My absolute favorite thing on the menu is the Chicken Tikka Roll. The combination of flavors in the juicy seasoned chicken, red onions, and green sauce just explode in your mouth. I get an earful from my friends who say the Unda Chicken Roll is "waaaay better"...It's an added egg, guys, calm down. It is good, but since I always opt for two rolls, this added bonus is a bit too filling for me. Another selection that's worth a try is the Aloo Masala Roll. Spicy potatoes with red onions and sauce. Yummm.Come hungry and prepare your tastebuds for an adventure!
Kati Roll Company is a chain in NYC where you can get traditional Indian street food Kati Rolls. This is basically a thin burrito with curry inside. The actual roll is excellent and the curry is also amazing. I had the chicken tikka roll and the Chana masala roll and both were so good. I think I liked the Chana masala better but I would definitely get both again. I was pretty hungry and 2 rolls were almost enough to satisfy me. They're $4-6 apiece but you need 2-3 rolls for a good dinner. I also loved the lassi. I had the mango one and it comes in a small bottle so you can take it to go. This is a very authentic Indian place and there's some seating here too. I recommend taking it to go and eating in Bryant Park if the weather is nice!
A literal "hole in the wall", it was crazy crowded on a Saturday night. Waited about 40 minutes to get our food to go. Suggest everyone be prepared to take your food to go since they have very scarce seats n tables. Food was without a doubt delicious! Also do pay heed to their suggestion of "one roll for a snack and two for a meal". Great food!
Enjoyed Kati Roll at this location during New York vacation. Fast service , freshly made tasty food!! Would recommend this place to anyone for a quick bite
In love with the Kathi rolls here!! So delicious! We have tried a variety of their rolls and all have been delicious. Also you can't beat the price. We come for Kathi rolls every time we are in the city!
This location is right by Bryant Park, which is great if you want to grab a roll as you walk around the area! I typically try to pick up a slice of cake from Lady M and eat it at Kati Roll Company!When you go in, you see the menu and wait in line to make your order. They give you a number and several minutes later, a very loud voice shouts out your number. They do have ample seating in the back, and two table in the front.I had the Unda Beef Roll and it was amazing. Definitely do the Unda, totally worth it for the layer of egg. I only ordered one mostly because we'd been doing a food tour and were expecting to eat a lot more. I think one roll is probably enough if you're not very hungry. Otherwise 2-3 rolls would be solid. They also have a deal if you get two of the same roll. PS. We also got the Masala Tea, which was awful. It was watered down and I'm pretty sure it upset all three of our stomachs...
I ride the chicken tikka Kathi roll and it was quite dry. You need more than one unless you are after a snack.  The server was also aloof. All in all, my visit was okay and unmemorable.
The midday queue is usually long so be ready to take an hour lunch. You probably want to get 2 rolls or one roll and a lassi in order to get full. I would say this place is affordable considering the prices of food in this area of Manhattan.
PROS:- This location is far less crowded than the McDougal street location. - The food is the perfect late night dining option (or breakfast or lunch or dinner haha). - This is one of the better Indian food joints in the immediate vicinityCONS:- Sometimes the food here is inconsistent (too much onions, undercooked bread etc)- Lines can sometimes be long and when they are they do not move very quickly- Seating is not adequate. But hey, it's not a fancy sit down restaurant anyways!
Decided to try this place because we wanted something quick for lunch and we had been strolling around the Times Square area. We ordered two chicken tikka rolls and one beef unda roll. Note: Ordering two of the same kati roll together saves you about a dollar because they charge as a "bundle". I also wanted to try their mango lassi as I heard they were a MUST, but sadly they had run out. The flavors of the chicken tikka roll was quite tasty and its seasoning worked well with the warm roti wrap. If it had yogurt and chutney like the description said it did, then they must not have put that much because they were exceedingly dry. The beef unda roll was a bit more forgiving since the beef was saucy itself, but again they could have used more sauce because it made a delicious meal somewhat difficult to fully enjoy. The rolls themselves aren't very big, my boyfriend ordered two and I had one, but we weren't stuffed. It was just enough to satisfy me before some dessert!The place itself is very casual and a bit spaced, you order at the counter, sit, and then you're out the door. Overall had an average experience.
Had to come here after knowing this is a NYC staple. Brought my roommate and I just got one roll because I wasn't too hungry. Based on previous reviews I got the chicken tikka roll. Meat was so tender and juicy and right amount of spices. Definitely recommend!
I was craving a different kind of spice, with a fast food feel, so thought I'd give Kati Roll a try. I was wrong about the "fast" part. Service can be slow during dinner time with everyone getting off work near Times Square. There were ten people ahead of me who had ordered and were just waiting for their order to come out, which meant I had to wait 20 minutes before I got my single order of Aloo Masala roll. I think they need more staff to make the rolls during peak hours. Although the flavor was satisfactory, I would have liked the roll to be bigger for its price, but hey, what can I say, it's Manhattan.
We stumbled upon this lunch gem in Midtown, and I'm sure glad we did!  We tried three different wraps, and all were very tasty - although the #10 Unda Beef Roll really stood out!  The thin layer of egg inside the wrap, along with the delicious Indian spices, puts it over the top.  Friendly staff and great prices!
First of all, you'll need to get more than 1 roll.  These are small (by American standards).  But the good part is that they're relatively inexpensive.We got the aloo masala (potato) and the chicken tikka.  Both were delicious.  Indian food for me always tastes flavor blasted, but I would say these rolls were subtle for indian and I liked that!  That green chutney sauce that comes with... oh man, so very good!  I'd get another one if I got back.FYI this place is teeny tiny, so I'd take to go and guess what?-- it's the perfect on-the-go food!
My friends have been hyping this up for years, so I finally just had a chicken tikka roll.......and hated it. My first impression was that it was too salty, followed by a realization that a couple chunks of chicken were still pink inside. It just didn't have a satisfying taste to it at all. I expected the green chutney to be poppin, but it wasn't. I was super disappointed. And their white sauce is just.....odd. It doesn't taste like regular white sauce that I've had at similar joints. I hate to say this and I never thought I would, but I think I might like the kati rolls in New Brunswick better (which is not saying much, because they have a two-star rating). If I had to choose, I'd sadly choose that one instead.Update: Had the aloo masala roll with green chutney, and honestly it wasn't much better. I should have known better than to come back.
This spot is beyond delicious!!! Best Katie olds I ever had!!! The chicken tikka with egg is my favorite!!!
The fact that I can't have these every day makes me feel slightly hopeless about the future.
Love this place Love the rolls Simply delicious!!!! Drinks are pricey but rolls are priced just right.
Great spot for lunch in Midtown West.This place is widely popular for good reason.  Try not to be discouraged by the long lunchtime lines because it is worth the wait.  My co-workers promised satisfaction one afternoon some time ago, and I have been hooked ever since.Their menu of Indian street food is so simple, cheap, and delicious.  It features Kati Rolls, including an assortment of vegetarian, melted cheese, meat, and Indian spice options, which are wrapped in your choice of paratha or roti flatbread.  This makes it easy to eat, whether you are sitting down in their provided seating area or taking it on the go.  Some of my favorite rolls include the shami kabab, chicken tikka, and achari paneer.  I get two rolls for an average outing and go for a third if I am really hungry.  Their drink menu consists of lassi, masala chai, and beer.  I am a fan of the mango lassi during the workday and lean towards a beer for complementing any late night cravings.I recommend trying this or any of their other locations.  I look forward to coming back again very soon!
Good, though nothing extraordinary. I wished the paratha was a little crispier-- it was too soft for my liking. And I wish they gave out like a yoghurt dipping sauce. But overall I like the concept and the flavours are good.
Solid food, but I've definitely had better Kati rolls in the city! It was also much more costly than similar places in the area. I'd consider coming again, but I'm not head over heals.
Great stop for lunch. All the rolls we're delicious.  Order the shrimp and chicken rolls and both were delicious.
First time Kati roll experience. The rolls were good. The paneer could use some more tamarind sauce. Chana masala had enough. I would recommend for the experience.
Great food! A little cold and someone placed a veggie Kati roll with meat Kati rollsIt would be great to package them separately for large orders as it was almost impossible to decipher who got what when we received the delivery ALSO, the website absolutely needs to be updated- I spent a lot of time divvying up how much all my coworkers only to find out I'd have to do it all over again and it took me quite a bit of my lunch break to do so. So it would be great to have updated prices.The rolls were FANTASTIC after a swift microwave and we will definitely order again (requesting that packaging is separate and marked for large orders) LOL
I usually go for paneer roll, to go. It's always tasted the same and it's easy, good, fast food. I've only tried the veggie options and they all had nothing to complain about. So pretty decent lunch for around 10 bucks is good enough for me. They mostly make it fast enough too except when there is too much crowd. I took off one star for the place being too small for eat ins or even waiting for take outs. I've also never been able to call in and order a pick up - they either don't answer or just aren't sure they can do itEdit: I tried this place for dinner on a weekday and the wait was nearly an hour for one person!! I'd rather go to a restaurant...
I've only been to this location 2-3 times, but have been going to the MacDougal location for a decade. Your basic paratha rolls filled with any number of things: chicken, egg, shami, potato, chick peas, etc. with thinly sliced red onions, and chutney that gives it a pop of tangy, sweet, spicy flavor. Overall, good food, sometimes a bit on the salty side. I usually get the chicken roll and aloo masala roll. They used to carry mango juice, but sadly no more. There was one time I got a chicken roll from here and the pieces of chicken were basically inedible -- either charred beyond recognition or accidentally got licked on the grill by something that tasted like lighter fluid -- or both. A really jarring experience but a one time thing, as far as I can tell.
Always on my to-visit list for New York city. 4 stars for good food and authenticity. 1 off for not many vegetarian options.
I usually go here later at night on the weekends as they are open late, but regardless of time it is a good experience. The staff is friendly,  they are quick,  and its affordable. I would say ask for extra chutney sauce as it can be dry at times and get one of the "unda" options.
On the cashier's advice, I ordered an Unda Chicken Roll when I stopped by here for a quick lunch. It was, in a word, amazing. The chicken was a little dry, but flavorful, and the paratha was perfectly done. The one thing that I would change about the food itself would be the greasiness -- it would have been nice if it were a little less oily. Then again, that's tikka masala in general.Were it just based on the food itself, I think this would have been a solid 4.5 stars, rounded up to 5. Unfortunately, service was incredibly slow -- I'm fairly certain I waited over 15 minutes for my order. Had I been in a hurry, it would have been really aggravating; as it happened, I had time to kill, but I can imagine the slow service being stressful if you were coming in at lunch hour, for example.
Good tasting product. Has a B Heath Dept rating.  Terrible inefficieny at the counter leads to unnecessary waiting.
