I believe Bombay Grill has the best Indian food in Bay RidgeAuthentic Indian Pakistani flavors, tastes like home cooked, good attentive serviceWe always get the same items: Saag Paneer, Aloo gobi mater, chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo, all excellent with the naan bread and rice. and the tall beer, I believe its Taj MahalI do agree with some, that portions are small, but enough for a normal personlike many Asian restaurants the entrees come without serving spoons, and they always give us a hard time about extra spoons!
If you know me, you know that Indian food is my number one favorite kind of food. This place is great - the quality of the food really stands out to me. I've been here a few times and have had:Chicken tikka masala - amazin'Butter Chicken - amazin'Chili chicken - really spicy, but still goodMango lassi - very rich and deliciousAloo Papri - not the best...the crunchy pieces seemed staleOnion pakora - my favorite, really flavorful The people here are very nice, they don't bother you too much while you're eating, which I like. Also, they give us a small complimentary rice pudding before we leave. It's just a cute place and my go-to for dinner when I want Indian food.
I used to eat here quite a good bit when I lived in Bayridge. Their coconut soup is great and very creamy and delicious. I generally always got their chicken and lamb dishes and they never were disappointing. I miss eating here.
Great authentic food, good portions, attentive staff, comfortable atmosphere. Couldn't ask for more. This is my go-to place for Indian. Hope they maintain their quality
My go to spot for Indian food in Brooklyn! My usual Chicken Masala and Spinach cheese was amazing! Nan was fluffy. Great experience with friendly staffs.
Really good food. Slightly on the sweet side but some of best service I have seen here. Everyone is super nice and they gave papad and dessert on the house.We ordered chicken tandoori which was super delicious. The prawns curry was a little sweet for us and the rice was VERY coconut-y.
This is a great place if you are looking for authentic Indian food. Waiter and staff were friendly and attentive. Will definitely come again
My first time ordering out and speaking to the person taking the order I asked for chicken tikka and he replied with sauce or not? I asked for tikka and not tikka Marsala so when I replied I asked for tikka his response was "oh my God". I asked what's so "oh my God" and his response I'm sorry I said that. Real professional. If that man is not the owner the owner should reconsider his position.After reading about a ROACH in someone's food I cancelled my order!
Awesome food. Great restaurant and great service. Friendly staff. I love the Bombay mix grill, comes with bunch samples of what Bombay grill offers.Food quality is delicious. I like both Indian and  Pakistani food. One of my favorite Indian restaurant.
I LOVE this place sooooo much!  The chicken tikka masala is my favorite and now... I know some people say that it's too tomatoey for them but the chicken tikka masala can be made several different ways. I've had it creamy which is good too and I've had it tomatoey which is my favorite. It all depends on what type of Indian food it is (southern, northern... Etc) Don't give this place a one star because the chicken tikka masala was tomatoey, that's the way it should be for this particular type of Indian food. The garlic naan is so amazing but so strong people will drop like flies if you talk to them on your way home  but honestly that's the way I like it. After I eat that I just hide out for a few days once the garlic spores leave my system .Great food, the service is a little weird. There's this one server who's just really awkward but I've come to know the guy and accepted that it's just the way his personality is. He can be quite funny but so awkward haha. One time he refused to wrap the dish I had because I literally finished all chicken except for one tiny piece.  But that's the way my stomach works, once I'm full, I'm full I can't force myself to eat more--so when he turned away I gave it to my boyfriend to finish and we all had a long laugh about it.  The samosas are pretty darn good, but still I've had better. Mango lassi is soooooooo good and thick, I'd never order it for myself though cause I would never finish my food. That thing is a meal on its own. But my boyfriend orders it for himself and I always take sips here and there.I had chicken pakora and it was meh. I want to try the onion one next time. The complimentary rice pudding at the end isn't exactly something I enjoy. I thought it was way too sweet--just my opinion. But then again I'm not a sweets person to begin with so maybe that could be it? Will I come back? Absolutely! This place is tasty AND affordable. 5 stars
Just ate at this place with my entire family. The food was good, but right now i'm up at 4 AM in the morning throwing up....
The aroma of warm spices and curry when you walk into the restaurant, I know I'm going take that smell home with me. The dining area looks romantic, from the fresh roses on the table, to the lighting.  They offer a daily special 24/7. For $14.95, you get an appetizer, an entree, naan, and rice. I gotta tell you guys, it was alot of food for me, and yes, I'll admit it....I usually eat big portions. I chose the Alu Tikiyas for the appetizer part of my daily special. Never had this before and it's actually a potato cake made with chutney and chickpeas. Wasn't bad, crispy on the outside and creamy inside. All the sauces paired really well with them, sweet tamarind sauce and this spicy green one that's similar to a chili sauce.The naan is soft and fluffy, I dipped it in every single condiment they included with the entree and the appetizer. Among all the sauces on the table, mango chutney was my favorite.For the entree I went for the Chicken Tikki Masala, my to go at any Indian joint. Beautiful orange red color, creamy, sweet, and tangy, just like how it should be and it is the best tikki masala I've had. There was more than enough sauce to pour over all the rice and sopping my entire naan in. I think I've found my new joint for Indian food, but the hunt is still on.
Love this place! You can never go wrong by ordering the chicken Tikka Masala or the chicken bryani
Love this place to dine in or take out.  It's very cozy, food is always good and people are friendly. Just wish their sauces were not so sweet.  Otherwise, it's one of my favorites!
Great service specially the owner was really nice and friendly.. recommended to everyone specially try there Tandoori and mix Bombay biryiani.
I have never had lamb curry before. Just chicken. But that's what I decided to order. And it was amazing. Tender deliciously spiced lamb. Garlic naan was pretty good too. I sweated through the whole thing. But it was so worth it. Lol. Give it a try.
They've got a liquor license now so serving wine and  beer.   Finally tried the Bombay chicken,  it took a long time to cook but was amazing and worth the wait.   It's a tandoori roasted Cornish hen..
Great place! I came here with my husband for dinner.  We ordered our usual, chicken tikka masala and beef curry.  The curry here is packed with flavor and has a slight thick consistency, which I prefer.  We also ordered garlic nan which was baked perfectly.   Service could not have been better. The minute my glass of water hit half way empty, a waitress came out of nowhere to fill it up.  I would highly recommend this place.
The food tastes pretty good and it's nice to have decent Indian in Bay Ridge, especially compared to the two others I won't name. But why, why every time I eat their food do I feel like I am going to pass out and/or explode right after?  Seriously, WTF do they put in there?? This is the last time I order from here.At least I'll start saving some money.
my first time having Indian food and my god have I been missing some amazing food. so many flavored I've never experienced! I implore you all to come here, the prices are dirt cheap too, just had an appatizer and two entrees for $32 bucks!
My go to spot for Indian food in Bay Ridge. My favorite is their shrimp tandoori masala and garlic naan. Its very flavorful and savory and I always enjoy myself when eating there as the staff is very polite and helpful about everything. Would recommend them for dinner.
The food here taste nasty because I came at the time of closing they gave me nasty food....the rice was hard and the chicken had no flavor
I had it delivered today. Nan was cold. Not a single fork/spoon/napkin came with it. Amount is less than other Indian restaurants. Taste was alright. But I don't think I'll get it delivered again from here.
As someone who is Indian and grew up eating actual Indian food, this place is a joke. I tend to never order Indian food when I do take out because I could just make it myself for literally half the price if not less. But, my friend was insistent that I try this place and give it a chance. Just by looking at the menu, I knew this place was over priced and unauthentic. I mean an eggplant dish for 10 bucks? The description is " eggplant fire roasted and cooked with onions." An eggplant is less than $3 and an onion is .25 cents maybe?? I don't mean to sound Pretentious in any way, but $10 for an eggplant dish that's severed mediocre is ridiculous. Getting back to my order. I ordered the fish( salmon) curry dish since it's is something I don't get around to cooking too often. And because I'm such a huge fan of rashmalai, we ordered that for dessert. I thought to myself, they can't really mess up dessert. Boy, was I wrong! As soon as I got home, I opened up the bag and obviously dug into the dessert first just to try a bit and save the rest for later. I was completely disappointed with the result of what they call rashmalai. The consistency of the milk looked like Elmer's glue and tasted like plastic and rose water. Did they just dump a bottle of rose water to give it that " Indian flare? and think people wouldn't notice? It smelled spoiled too. Ugh!! To make matters worse, my fish curry was sweet and sour and looked orange. Not all curries look orange people! There was no description of sweet and sour indicated on this dish. It was awful! I ate it most of it because I was hungry and after all it did cost a pretty penny. I grew up with the understanding that you don't waste your food. I really wish I didn't listen to that voice, because after getting through that meal, my stomach was in knots the whole night. And as i write this review, I'm still dealing with this stomach ache and it's the next day. I should just stick to making my own Indian food because the Indian restaurants in bay ridge are far from impressive. Eat at your own risk!
We have begun to order for delivery more frequently. Bombay Grill is our go-to place for Indian food. We order our handful of favorite foods and always love the flavors. We have eaten in several times and have ordered for delivery several times as well. We can clearly state that the quality of food is the same and it is delivered nice and hot (freshly cooked) and so we will continue to order from Bombay Grill!
The best Indian takeout food I've ever eaten in bay ridge! Appetizers of samosas and aloo tikki were so good, the thought of the aloo tikki on a burger bun with chutney and onions already has me wanting to go back.Chapati was good, garlic naan tasted way too strongly of raw garlic for my liking. Saag paneer as my main was good, but lacking a little bit of heat. It was bland, but I probably should have asked for it to be made more spicy as I noted another reviewer did. Overall loved the food, best $25 I've spent on food in a while...Delivery took 50 minutes only from a couple blocks away, but I'm willing to wait for such good food!!
I love this place! The food is so good! The service is just as great as the food! Totally worth constant visiting when you are feeling for Indian Food.
We  had take out. So disappointed. It turned out to be Indian food for Americans. Meat in creme sauce, Chicken in cream sauce.  A better description  would be cream sauce with other things as there was lots and lots of cream sauce. If you like bland and sauce, it wasn't bad. Samosas, some gigantic,  were the best things that  we had. Turned out to be ways too much money for sauce.
Best indian food in bay ridge , food was fresh , delivery is fast and prices are reasonable . The chicken malai and Chana saag are amazing and water them down with a delicious mango lassi
Great to find a charming Indian restaurant near me. Service was superb. Food was fresh.Place was spotless and lovely.  I didn't have to wait too long for food. The Chana Saag (chickpeas cooked with spinach) was da bomb!  A filling meal for $9.95. Had cardamom tea to wash down my delicious meal. The complimentary rice pudding made me happy.  Will be back to explore the other goodies on the menu.
This is our favorite place in the neighborhood to get Indian food. Chicken korma is our go to but everything we've had is delicious. Take out has been on time and always a pleasure! Yummy naan and good samosas as well! Definitely the best Indian food in our area - definitely recommend it!
I had a terrible experience with Bombay Grill last evening. I have been a regular customer for a few years but I will never order from them again. We put in an order of over $60 and when it came, the chicken korma was missing. I have certainly had this happen before with other restaurants and it's no big deal. I called the restaurant immediately and explained to them that they had forgotten the chicken korma and to please send me two orders of the chicken korma and I would pay for the second one. The man on the phone seemed not to understand and was screaming at me. I tried to explain over and over and just told him to send me the two orders of chicken korma. The delivery guy came 45 minutes later and had only one order of the chicken korma and demanded payment for it. I explained to him over and over and over that the restaurant had forgotten it and we had already paid for it. I called the restaurant and had the same frustrating conversation with the guy on the phone. 10 minutes later the delivery guy came back and demanded payment again and said that his boss was yelling at him. I again tried to explain but he did not comprehend. I even asked the delivery guy to come into my home and see what was on our table. I had no reason to lie about getting an extra chicken korma. To treat any customer like this let alone a long time patron is unforgivable. Whoever they have answering the phone has a major language issue. To have this happen any day let alone on a Friday evening is ridiculous. This guy was not only language challenged he was rude and nasty. Never again.
So disappointing. This would have been my second time dining at Bombay Grill. First time, no issues, the food was good, the wait staff was great; so on and so forth. Today, after driving around forever in Bay Ridge to find parking, we sit down; we're looking at the menu figuring out what we're going to order...when all of the sudden here comes A ROACH WALKING DOWN THE WALL ONTO OUR TABLE!!!!!!! We quickly got up and excused ourselves. The waiter asked if everything was ok but we basically ran out. I don't plan on ever returning again.
Decent indian food.. Felt like some dishes werent as flavorful and spicy dishes werent spicy enough. Good service tho.. Staff was friendly and attentive.
It's a rare opportunity when you find Indian food on the side of the tracks and it is a restaurant that deserves ever star.Top notch service, excellent food and beautiful decor, Bombay grill is an amazing and tasty addition to bay ridge. I was surprised to find this restaurant so close to home. It is a restaurant where every table has a flower and the inside glows. You are greeted by the manager who assists you to your table and pulls it out for you. The menu is filled with delicious choices at great prices -- two samosas for $3.25 (instead of that last place that charge $6). I ordered the chicken tikka masala and a mango lassi. My friend has the lamb biryani - we shared naan.  Before our meals came out they brought a side of crisp flat wafer like bread (sorry don't know the name! )  and a tray of side sauces to dip with. Our glasses were never empty and our meals came out quick, amazing food!!! My entree was nothing less of mouth watering. It was hard to concentrate on talking (I was a bit too excited I found Indian food in bay ridge) . Shortly after they collected our plates the waiter came over with two dessert and said "dessert on us". ( my eyes turned into hearts ) It was an excellent dining experience I recommend  to everyone ! They even do take out (move over Chinese food :p ) I am so happy bay ridge has Indian cuisine and seeing how well they treated us, hopefully will stay for a long time !
It was a place that I have wanted to try since it opened about a year ago but sadly I would not get to do so until Christmas Day when I found my original plans falling by the wayside.  Since I was on my own I opted to not dine inside the place and as opposed to ordering for delivery, I walked over to the restaurant so I could absorb its vibe and see what it would be like were I sitting down over some eats with a companion.  The Bombay Grill occupies the  space that once housed an Asian Fusion space for those who wondered about the location in Bay Ridge.I walked in and found the tables all up in the front with the counter in the back so I had to pass the diners to order up and fortunately there was an empty chair for me to wait for the food to be prepared.  I'll say maybe 10-12 tables in all on the main floor.  I later learned that there was a downstairs space as well for larger parties but i did not get to actually see it.  There were a handful of couples eating and it was quiet enough to enjoy conversation.  I didn't hear any music playing while I was there waiting and luckily there was also free WiFi available which let me check in and prepare these notes.  I went with an order of Chicken Tikka Masala and some Somosas along with garlic nan.  I had interest in a plate of the BBQ meats but there was a 20 or so minute prep time as opposed to the 10 the other stuff was going to take so I passed.  Maybe upon a return.  The whole order ran me about $20 and the staff was super pleasant.  I'll definitely come here again and hopefully can expand upon this Yelp.  Nice work Bombay Grill.
Came here for lunch on a Saturday. It was pretty quiet but they do get a lot of take out orders. The food was really tasty. I ordered the chicken curry and chicken tikka masala. Both were quite good except the chicken was a little dry. Note: they give unlimited rice & offers free rice pudding dessert
Amazing...whether I order in or go in person, the food is always delicious.  The lamb boti kabob from the tandoori section is insanely flavorful and tender.  I would eat here every day.
Came here with a couple of friends for a birthday dinner. Delicious! Great service and friendly staff!Highly recommended :)Must try their best seller; Chicken tikka masala.
Amazing tasty food. The tea is delicious, sevice is superb, setting is elegant and classy. Rice pudding is yummy. Highly  recommend. Great atmosphere.
in search of dinner in Bay Ridge - our original dinner plan having an hour wait, our backup having been very recently reformatted to just a pizzeria - we found available seating and solid Yelp reviews pointing to Bombay Grill. and, to the delight of my wife's cousin's husband, it was BYOB too!as we ended up sharing pretty much everything ordered, we got a respectable sample size to analyze. the mixed vegetarian appetizer platter was a good kickoff, especially the pakoras. as a big fan of lamb rogan josh, I ordered that as my entree and was quite delighted with it. the saag paneer was also great. everything is full of the spices and flavors that you expect from Indian cuisine, and at a fair price point. the staff here are friendly and the TVs showed various Indian music videos, which I enjoy. Bombay Grill is pretty, pretty, pretty good, and I'm envious of our lack of similarly good Indian in Forest Hills.
LOVE.  I am a vegetarian so I go for the vegetarian options only and they are amazing.  I could eat their Dal every day!  Fresh tasting.  Soups are good. Delivery fast and its not expensive at all.  I will eat here as often as I can!
Ordered delivery from here twice. Very fast service, and pretty good Indian take out. My favorite is their lamb shank. We also ordered the garlic curry chicken.. Chicken was a bit dry but sauce amazing. Definitely also have to try their Naan!
Had a good experience there we had the chicken tandoor chicken tiki masalah and lamb curry. I def like the two chicken dishes the lamb wasn't all that. The two dishes were great and the service was excellent. I strongly recommend this place
First meal at this restaurant and it was perfect! -The service was amazing. Attentive ,very nice waiters!-The food was great. I tried both the vegetarian and chicken dishes. The chicken was delicios and completely non fatty. (which i love)-They dont serve alcohol, so bring a bottle of wine and enjoy your dinner!This will be my new go-to local Indian !
This place is a rare find. The staff is nice, they are not overly friendly and try to get under your skin pretending to be your friend and everything. They listen and patiently answer our questions; they are attentive but in a, shall we say, professional way. We felt welcomed and being taken good care of. The food was great. Curries were thick rather than watery like many other Indian places. The flavor was just perfect, not overly spiced, not overly sweet or salty, but just right! And the sweet sweet complimentary rice pudding at the end was also a very nice touch. Little things like that gave us an overall very pleasant experience. I will definitely come back.
I really enjoyed this place. My husband and I were actually headed towards  Elia's but they were having a wine event. We decided to try this place and I was most impressed. The servers were very hospitable. Food was amazing!!! Truth is that I wasn't that hungry, but I ate! I love spicy and they delivered. I ordered the vegetable vindaloo and my husband offered the red snapper. They did not disappoint. The spices that they use to infuse the food were superb! I was honestly even impressed with the spinach that was served beside the snapper. We had the chicken liver appetizer prior to our dinner and enjoyed that very much. Next time I will be ordering chicken tandoori as I saw many people ordering. We had some regulars beside us and they ordered the garlic naan, which looked and smelled great but we are trying to stay away from bread. The service was a little the spotty at first but they were crowded and so accommodating that it made up for it. Honestly, I'm all about the food so that is priority for me. Plus the staff was really really nice!!!
Bombay Grill has no respect for customers and honoring their liabilities from mistakes made on their advertisements and menus.See, at first this place had a $14.95 dinner special for dining in that included an entree, app, and bread. Now it's only for deliveries.How did I find out? After reasonably relying upon their false advertisement that this daily special was not online only, as it had been on the menu before and their current website states it on the main page as well with no caveat. We arrived starving after deciding we'd pass over Taj Mahal, where we were first parked, and driving out to Bombay Grill because of the deal and because we had quality meals there before. We sat down, asked for the daily special, and were berated for "haggling" over their illegal actions after informing them that their insistence on it being delivery only was incorrect per the advertisement. I assure you if they had the disclaimer stating it was delivery only, this would be a non-issue and I wouldn't have wasted my time Bombay Grill, don't disrespect your customer after they report errors out of good faith and advise you to change them to prevent future liability. The legal advice would have cost you a few bucks at most and saved you headaches. Instead of management thinking "here's a customer who helped me out with excellent information that others pay consultants for, which will also save me from future problems, let me just honor it this time" I got the opposite of what any succesful, responsible, and aware business owner should do.Don't let people rip you off: truthinadvertising.org/n…
Bombay grill is my absolute favorite Indian restaurant. Located in the heart of Bay Ridge, this is my boyfriends' & I go to spot, since he lives so close by. To say their food is outstanding would be an understatement. My boyfriend & I come here often because of the incredible cuisine and beautiful decor. The service we receive when we dine here is above and beyond the rest. The food here is always delicious, my favorite dish is the chicken tika masala which I would highly recommend. Each and every time I come here my experience is wonderful. I give this restaurant a 10 on a scale of 1-10. Definitely a MUST try spot! :)
(Copied from my other account, 2/7/2015)Had the Naan and Tikka Masala.Naan was warm, soft, fluffy. All the good things you want your flatbread to be. Easily the best part along with the tandoori sauce for the Tikka Masala. They offered 3 dips, I liked the chutney the best.The Tikka Masala (they do chicken or lamb) was just about right. Not too thick, buttery, or sweet. It wasn't spicy at all, which might be something people look for. The portions are pretty good, more than enough to leave you satisfied and filled (unless you just happen to be a going-through-puberty-aged-teenager after a few hours of balling). I wish the lamb were a bit softer, but that was an afterthought.Service was excellent. Staff were timely, courteous, and helpful.Overall, would highly recommend. Can't go wrong here. For what you're paying, the food is a very good, and the service helped easily push this to a 5.
Ordered at 530pm, smooth process. Get a call 30 minutes later saying we do not deliver that far(11 min drive). When I asked why they didn't just say that when I was ordering, he said some new guy took my order. He asked why I couldn't come pick it up LOL...what's the point of offering delivery??? When I tried to reason with him and told him I was only 11 minutes away, he then lied and said they do not have a car. When I asked for my refund, he said I should call my bank and put a hold?? I told him I wanted him to cancel the order, which was already charged to my card, and give me a refund. He said he will see what he can do. Never called me back. I had to call and figure out what was going. He says I will see the refund tomorrow...Let's see what happens. Person I dealt with was working on 2/26/2016. I really hope he wasn't a manager or owner. First and Last time I try I am dealing with this place. Disaster.On a positive note, I called Taj Mahal restaurant. They gladly took my order and delivered. Go to Taj Mahal!!
Ordered 30 min before the place closed. Order went through, but was never delivered. They didn't even bother to call and inform me that they couldn't complete my order. Seriously annoyed and frustrated. I thought I liked this place but I guess their suggested business hours proved me wrong.
So good! We've been here a few times and food is always solid. Highly recommend the chicken samosas (potato ones are good too) and the navratan korma was one of the best dishes we've ever had in an Indian restaurant
I heard great things about this place and was excited to try it. I went in today and it was horrible!When my boyfriend and I ordered, the waiter was being very pushy into us ordering more food. "THAT'S IT?!?! YOU DON'T WANT THIS THIS AND THIS?!?" Then, while taking our plates away, he grabbed them out of my hand while I was trying to put my utensils on the plate and had a very snobby attitude. After giving him a tip he deserved for his rude behavior, he screamed in front of the whole restaurant to take it because he didn't want it at all. Although the food was okay, I rather amazing service and average food than excellent food and awful service. Very disappointed in my visit. I have told everyone I know about my experience and would not recommend it to anyone.
The restaurant seemed to be empty and unappealing when I first arrived with my husband and parents-in law. We love to explore food from different parts of the world, and always ask for traditional food from that particular part of the world. It wasn't my first time eating Indian food, but I still asked the waiter for recommendations and he was really helpful and patient. He explained the difference between different dishes. All dishes were looking and smelling really yummy and the food was REALLY WELL SEASONED ( if you don't like specific indian spices, this place is definitely not for you). The only thing I didn't like was their hot tea, which seemed to be "spicy"?
Their Tikka Masala is perfection. They give you your moneys worth and a rice pudding dessert. I had my food delivered and it was amazing. Cant wait to go in person.
Don't get delivery - but food is good.They sub in main ingredient every time in the past few times i have ordered online -- crab=4 pcs shrimp,  lamb=beef.  They don't tell you they are doing this.  Not a good business practice.However, the food is good, on par with Manhattan.  Just go in person so you don't end up being hungry and paying for substitute ingredients.  I don't think calling ahead to find out whether they have something will get you an honest answer either...they will say they have it.  (of course)
Best place to get Mango Lassi. It was soooo delicious!
The place was empty which left me skeptical about trying the food. Their take out orders where non stop. The service was great and the food was delicious.
I've ordered from Bombay a few times without too much to complain about. I ordered my usual tonight with a delivery time of 30 mins. Two hours later, nothing. I've called  three times and all three times, I was hung up on. Repeatedly, I was told it was on the way and to stop calling. Hours later, still no dinner. As someone who works in the restaurant industry, this restaurant is despicable in the way of customer service.
I only write reviews for extremely poor quality or AMAZING quality. This place did not disappoint. The food was delivered right on time and it was super fresh. Absolutely amazing. For like $16 you get an entree and an appetizer. More than enough food for 2 people. I absolutely loved the chicken tikki Marsala and vegetarian samosa. After one meal, I'm a forever client. Try it. You won't be disappointed. Oh and the food was delivered in a nice/near package- sauces wrapped and nothing leaking. Very much appreciated.
I am glad that this restaurant came to Bay Ridge - it's great to have food Indian food locally.  Anything we have ordered from here has been great!The nan is good, but the Aloo Naan is fantastic (it's also called Onion Kulcha bread). If you like vegetable dishes, try the Navrattan Korma - it's amazing. Also the Aloo Matar Gobi is very good. For meat lovers,  lamb briyani and the lamb korma are well loved dishes at our houses.The staff at the Bombay Grill are professional, kind and pleasant. Service is very good.  This is great place for Indian food!
This was my first experience with Indian food, and since I do not know much about the cuisine, I went for the lunch special with vegetables to go. The service was very prompt and very nice, in 10 minutes as promised the food was packed and ready for me. As soon as I felt the weight of the bag, I realized that even the lunch special will be a two-days worth of food for me. It came with the naan, three sauces, rice, and the two vegetable dishes. The aroma of the food was already enough to make me happy, but the flavors of each dish were so unique and delicious that I cannot give this place anything but 5 stars. What also surprised me is how mild the spice level was. Every time I heard about Indian food, it was always in relation to it being extremely hot and not for the weaker stomachs. Which is why I never got around to trying Indian food... I suppose if you ask for spicy that is what you will get, but I am grateful that they didn't go overboard on my order. I can barely tolerate the spicy tuna rolls you get as sushi places.I am definitely coming back for more...Next time I will try out the entree special they have (and feast for a week!)
My husband has always really liked this place but tonight it was pretty disappointing. The naan was so dry and old that we couldn't eat it. The mango chutney was gritty and the aloo gobi mater was flavorless. The chicken vindaloo and basmati rice were the only decent items for actual consumption. It makes me feel as if I wasted my money.
Their service is actually pretty good. They gave my friend and I free pompadoo while we were waiting for our third guest. We ordered a bombay aloo and they kept giving saying that what we wanted was a bombay live. My friend got the bombay aloo from here a while back so we thought we could get that except what we got was not a bombay aloo. I'm guessing it is a bombay live because they kept saying bombay live when we said aloo. My friend was a little pissed about that because she really wanted the bombay aloo from here because it's good but apparently we didn't get it this time. The lamb vindaloo was very good and they gave us free dessert so it wasn't as bad as an experience here.
Great food & wonderful staff ! What more can i ask for? The staff was friendly and very professional. They definitely made sure that your glass of water was refilled without you asking :) Ordered the chicken tikka masala & loved it!Towards the end, my friend and I actually got dessert (i believe it was the rice pudding) on the house. Yay! It was yummy too. I'm looking forward to my next visit ;)
YAY!! Love it. To echo what others have said, finally- Decent Indian food comes to Bay Ridge. (Stop arguing about Taj Mahal and India Passage, neither are that good.)Aloo papri was so delish. Have you ordered it before? No? It's a creamy/slightly spicy yogurt and green tamarind sauce over chopped pieces of fried naan (or some kinda bready stuff), a bed of chickpeas, and potatoes. It's hard to put into words how good it is. Just try it. I think the Kachoori is similar too, except it's warm. I'm a basic bitch and order the tikka masala. It's thick and CREAMY here, not watery, very tomato-ey, has some heat, and there are plenty for leftovers the next day or two. I wish the peas they used in the rice were a bit more bright green and soft in the middle, but I'm really splitting hairs.I used to pick up Indian food from Park Slope if I wanted it- now it's a few blocks away. Glad to have you, Bombay Grill.
Great Indian food in Bay Ridge.  I have eaten at the restaurant once and ordered take-out once.  I was very satisfied on both occasions.  Both times I had the mulligatawny soup.  Both times it was excellent.  Very flavorful.  It tasted tomato-y, creamy, and very fresh.  I loved it, and thought the spice level was perfect, but a friend who does not tolerate "heat" well found it too spicy.  And it is a bit spicier than I have had elsewhere, but it is good.  I hope they don't change it because I think it is perfect.  I also had the garlic naan both times.  Light and flaky but with a decent chewiness to it.  The perfect naan.    As entrees I had the saag paneer at the restaurant and the paneer tikka masala as take-out.  I love the paneer in both.  Very fresh.  I was less impressed with the saag paneer than I was with the paneer tikka masala.  At least this was true at first.  Saag paneer is my favorite, and it is usually my go-to Indian dish.  I think I was less crazy about this because I was expecting it to be the heavier, greasier version.  What I was served here was less heavy, less greasy, and I could taste the individual flavors of the spinach, cheese and spices.  It did not all meld together into one overwhelming taste.  As I thought about it, I preferred it this way, but I was a bit disappointed in the moment because it was not what I was expecting.   The paneer tikka masala was great and as expected.  For every item I wrote about I found myself wanting to talk about how fresh everything tasted.  Everything I tried did taste fresh, like the person who was preparing the food cared and particular about how the dishes were put together and made sure to use good, fresh ingredients.    The service in house was great.  That said, I was there at an off time in the afternoon, and I was the only one there.  The take-out did seem to take longer than I thought it should but it did arrive at the promised time.  I want to mention that both times I received a small complimentary rice pudding.  I think this is a very nice touch.  I don't know if this is something they always do or if I just got lucky, but I did appreciate it both times.    And, finally, as at least one other person has mentioned, they do have what seems to be an all-day special where you get an appetizer (14 to choose from), an entree (14 to choose from), naan, and rice for $14.95.    I am already looking forward to my next meal from BomBay Grill.
Authentic & delicious! Garlic nan/ vegetable curry/ tikka masala-all phenomenal. I'm ordering a to go for tomorrow.
I loved the service in this place.  I was dining alone and they took such good care of me.  Even gave me a dessert on the house. The garlicky nan was yummy.  I had the chicken in almond sauce which was amazing!It was too much food and I got a chance to enjoy in the goodness one more day with my leftovers!
Food was excellent.  I have no complaints and lots of compliments.We had the Dal Makhani and Saag Paneer as well as several naans, and the relish tray.  Service was careful and attentive.  Cranky older guy running the show was the only low point, but everyone else was friendly and able to compensate for his impatience and sourness (he's the only thing that's gonna cost this place stars).  Even if his staff hadn't made up for his attitude, this is great food for Bay Ridge, which seems to not do Indian food so well.  At least until Bombay Grill came to the neighborhood.
My family and I went to this restaurant today after reading such great reviews. Sadly, I had the worst experience ever. Not realizing that a reservation was required, we arrived hoping to get a table. The host stated that he could give us a table only for an hour as the tables were reserved. We took our table and everything went down hill from there. From poor service, to being deterred to order certain dishes, to mediocre food, this was the worst Indian restaurant I've been too. Please do not order aloo parath, it's not aloo parath. It's basically bhutara stuff with samosa filling. The papad was stale. The indian masala chai was basically store bought tea bag tea that tasted like cinnamon. The only thing that was good was the Chicken Tikka platter. Definitely would not recommend this place to anyone nor am I planning to return.
Decent Indian Food. Ordered Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan.The naan was really good. But the rest of food was pretty ordinary. Not bad by any means but just decent. The food was not as spicy as I expected. The service was pretty great, No complaints there.
Came to Bombay Grill for the first and it has the best Indian food I've tried so far.My family and I ordered: chicken tikka masala, lamb tikka masala, seafood masala, and the shrimp tandoori masala (the shrimp one tasted the best to me, but all of the sauces were great!). We also ordered the traditional and lamb naan. Once we placed our order, we were served some kind of Indian cracker with 3 spices (on the house). This came as a surprise and the flavors of the spices were interesting. Also, the rice that came with our dishes was unlimited (just ask for refills!). Our waters were usually full unless the waiters were busy taking phone orders/serving other customers. Very attentive and friendly service. When we asked for our bill, it took a while BUT we were in for another surprise. They prepared mango rice pudding for us (on the house again!) This made our meals complete! :D
This is my 4th or 5th time time here in as many months and I have to say, the food is fresh and delicious, the service is outstanding and the prices are more than reasonable!  Pay them a visit, you won't be disappointed.
The food is probably fine but I'm always put in a terrible mood when I eat it because i get scolded for not picking up the phone when I order take out through seamless. I show up at the designated time - why am I being scolded for something that most restaurants don't do anyway? Really sours the experience.
Best indian restaurant I went to in brooklyn by far! The service was great, friendly and helpful staff. Food was wonderful,  and of course the deserts was good too! If you ever in the need for Indian, go to Bombay Grill!
SO. GOOD.Went with a friend, and we shared 3 or 4 appetizers and an entree. EVERYTHING was good. And the service was great!
This place was nice, staff was friendly and very affordable prices. The food was honestly OK, I've had better Indian food before in Park Slope. We came with a party of six so we ordered a lot of meat so, I've tried it all and it was somewhat dry. Worth a try though.
Great food and a very nice relaxed atmosphere. They have no alcohol, but you are welcome to bring your own (everyone does). They play Indian music videos on the large tv above the counter which adds to the experience and gives you something fun and colorful to look at :)
A friend and I decided to eat here for the first time on Sunday around 2pm. We ordered a few appetizers. As the waiter place food on table I noticed a small roach near my fork and had told him and He then crushes the roach with his FINGERS! Yeah... His fingers.. We immediately lost our appetite after that. Not only did our waiter crush the roach with his fingers, he also refused to give us our check saying this was a "dine in restaurant, you can't just order appetizers and go" after that stupid response I lost my cool he gave us the check and was nice enough to pay for what we received and didn't eat. First and last time I step foot in the establishment! Flavorless food and the worst Indian food I ever had..
Food was very good, just the right amount of spice.   Nicely sized portions.  Friendly and attentive staff.  A great addition to 3rd Avenue.
Worst chicken tikka masala in 5 boroughs of NY. huge pieces  of uncooked,elastic chicken smell like freezer.worst Indian food
Had dinner with a friend at this restaurant and have to tell that the service and food is great. we ordered the red snapper tandoori and the mango chicken. hd patatoe patties as appetizers. The red snapper dish was great. great combination between spices and the flavor of the fish. The mango chicken was ok. i should have ordered something else but wanted to try it. personally i didnt liked the sweetness of the dish but that was my own fault. the naan was soft and freshly baked. seating was fast, noise level ok, the service was great. will visit again.
Delicious is not the word for this amazing little spot. They are very nice and service is excellent I will come here again.
Fantastic Indian Food!My friend and I ordered veggie samosas, bhatar curry, aloo saag, chicken tikka plate, roti, naan, and a spice tea.Everything was cooked perfectly, spices were on point, things were rich, aromatic, and quality.The samosas were delectable, hot, flakey, and the interior was delicious. Especially with the chutneys they give you! I can eat those 3 chutneys with everything! I really enjoyed the bhatar curry - I forgot what it was but it was delicious.The chicken was very moist and easy to enjoy. It came sizzling on the plate which was very lovely.They also gave us a comp rice pudding for dessert. Score!I wish the staff was a tad more friendly and warmer but they were very attentive and got the job done! My water glass was always filled. Definitely will come back.
I have dined in and ordered delivery several times, and the best part of this place is the consistency, the dishes are equally as good every time. Complimentary papadums with 3 dipping sauces! The best Indian food in Bay Ridge's limited options, even on par with some curry hill restaurants. Sauces are a significant step above your average Indian food, perfectly seasoned, the creamy dishes have a nice thick consistency, the dishes made with ghee are never too greasy. The vegetable dishes are also great, I highly recommend the saag paneer, the aloo matar gobi, and chana masala.  The meat/seafood dishes that stand out the most to me are the shrimp tandoori masala, lamb roganjosh, and the tikka mixed grill.  Worth every penny.
So glad this place came to Bay Ridge; I was anxiously awaiting a great Indian spot. The food is amazing; very tasty with big portions.The naan is delicious; soft, chewy, and flavorful. I've had the lamb and chicken and both were tender and delicious. I've had a few of their dishes and none disappoint.I ordered delivery and it took double the estimated time, but hopefully that was just a one time oversight.
Our favorite place to order from. Tonight we went in to eat and it was nothing but great! The food is always amazing and the service is nothing but fantastic. I love the vegetable samosas and the chana poori. Their Kofta chicken is also great and the chicken tandoori... Basically I have yet to try something I didn't like. BEST indian food in Brooklyn!!!
This is undoubtedly the best Indian Restaurant in Bay Ridge and it's BYOB!!! It is growing in popularity and gets busy on the weekend but it is quaint so, you have to plan ahead if you have more than 4 people in your group. We enjoyed the Tandoori Mixed Grill which was alive with flavor and not too salty. We also had the Mushroom Saag ( mushroom and Spinach) and a Gobi dish (cauliflower with ginger, onion and tomato) with Garlic Naan. All of these dishes were delicious and matched flavors of the five star Indian Restaurants in Manhattan. The service was gracious, the food was amazing and the decor was really pretty. We brought a nice bottle of Merlot and really enjoyed our dinner. This was our second visit and we are going back. Definately give this a try!!!!
First thing's first... BYOB. We made a last minute decision to come here, and I happened to have champagne in my house -- except it wasn't cold. I wasn't expecting an ice bucket, but they gave us one! Service-wise, there was just enough; they are very attentive, but not disruptive. Very nice people!Food: We got the Chicken Tikka Platter, Vegetable Samosa, Garlic naan, Tandoori mix grill. The somosas were huge and tasty. The papadum (free) came out with 3 sauces that were all amazing tasting (which is rare, I usually like only one of them). The chicken tikka platter is an appetizer, priced as such, and portioned as such. The chicken came out on a sizzling platter, was very moist (though was a bit too moist for me). The seasoning was on point, but it was a bit reminiscent of boiled chicken, not bad though.The garlic naan was perfectly baked and garlicky. The Tandoori mix grill had mostly chicken, and possible a piece of goat? This was all pretty good too, more of what I was expecting for the night.The rice (free?) was tasty and wonderful. The waiters reminded us that we could ask for more if necessary. I noticed one waitress was very attentive without being disturbing.The dessert (free) was some kind of rice cinnamon? treat. Perfect dessert size. I wish it were served colder, but still a  good way to finish off whatever spice was leftover in your mouth, leaving you feeling great!The bill came out to less than $35. I'll be sad if this place ever stops being BYOB, but their food and service alone were superb. First place I ever tipped more than 20%
Best chicken tikka masala in the neighborhood ! Veggie samosas are also very good! Very friendly staff.
Visited on a whim and was quite surprised to have the best Indian food I've had so far in NYC at this quaint little spot! The food is delicious and very reasonably priced. The samosas are huge and terrific, the garlic naan is perfectly fluffy, the tandoori mix grill is expertly seasoned and comes to the table sizzling and the waitstaff is incredibly professional and courteous. They even served a free, surprise mango dessert at the end of the meal that was a perfect cap to the whole experience. 5 stars easily. Will come again. And BYOB!
When India Passage sold we decided to try the new Bombay Grill.We tried this place 3 times because it's so close. Each time werequested mild spice and each time we had very spicey almost inedablefood.We now go to Taj Mahal. It's further away but worth the effort. They actually listen to and fulfill the customers requests. Their food never disappoints.
My absolute by far most favorite Indian restaurant evaaaaa! Their chicken tikka masala is bombbbbb and definitely the best I ever had. N their naan is so soft n fresh n they're so polite and welcoming and the service is great!! My fav spot ever ever ever forever. Bye.
BYOB!!! Service was great: attentive but not annoying. Food was pretty good and the little dessert at the end was a nice surprise.
Food is always very good there. I'm not a big fan of commercial ras malai but I've had it at Bombay and it was great!
This place is a staple for us. Lovely waiters and staff. Fresh, flavorful food with generous portions at a great price. It's also BYO which we really enjoy. I really like this place and it's always reliable.
Always have great foods from this place. My favorite main courses are chicken korma and chicken tikka masala. They also have a yummy banana pakora. Vegetable or chicken samosa is the best in NYC!I live next door  from Bombay restaurant, dine in once and order take out many of the times. They are super fast when I order for pick up.
Truly outstanding use of fresh ingredients and spices. The chicken tikka is amazing; delicately spiced and that seeming rarity- moist. The masala sauce is thick and full of flavor. I love pouring it over appetizers. The lamb here is also cooked to the perfect temperature. I am used to either grisly bits or dry pieces, and I've never encountered that here. For those who love the Goan shrimp curry- this place makes it a little sweeter than most, but again with a thick sauce that is amazing to mix with everything else. Writing all this out has made me hungry again!!!
Great food and amazing staff. Their hospitality comes from the heart, and the food is delicious. Would absolutely go back.
Had a very good experience overall and we ordered takeout. Everything was cooked very well---however, it could have used a bit more heat, spice-wise. Naan was great, as were our entrees. The only thing that we got that we didn't really care for was one of the onion appetizers.
I tried few other Indian restaurants and this was the best. Fresh, tasty food, good service and the best - they could accommodate our gluten free sensitivity. All the food we ordered-vegetable dhansak, shrimp vindaloo or shrimp tandoori masala - was gluten free. Even the thin crispy "cracker" is made of lentil and is also GF. I am going back for sure!
Have never dined in the restaurant so this is for take out. Great food consistently with solid delivery time. Samosas are great! Prefer vegetarian version. My favorite dishes are probably the curry chicken and chicken biriani. Chicken tiki masala is also very good but that's just not a dish I generally order. I've had a couple other appetizers which were solid. I would like to try more in their menu but I always have a hard time switching things up when they are sooo good. You also get a couple small cups of orange dyed rice pudding with your order which is a nice touch - especially since my wife doesn't eat rice pudding and there's more for me. Would like to eat there one day. It's nice for Bay Ridge to have a solid and consistent (food wise at least) Indian spot with some disappointing ones out there. Highly recommended!
Staff are a bit roud with people and food quality not as expected from an indian resturant
Ordered chicken biryani.. It had no flavor, it was literally the worst biryani i hav ever had. The food blows !!!!
My husband and I have ordered from this place a few times. We've had the chicken tikka masala and the chicken vindaloo. I like that each entree comes with an appetizer and naan bread. Not the best tikka masala I've ever had, it's a bit too tomatoey for me. The chicken vindaloo can be hit and miss because sometimes they give lots of potatoes and barely any chicken. Last time, when I finally had a lot of chicken a lot of pieces were tough with no potatoes.
Great food and service! They give you a free appetizer with sauces. I personally order... Chana Poori I ask for it with plain naan. Then I have chicken tikka Marsala which comes with rice and if you run out of rice they give you more, I believe for free. I order a side of garlic naan, too! They give you a free mini rice pudding dessert. My only recommendations is that they get rid of the mini glass bottles of soda. They are too small and pricy. They should get regular cans of soda or 20 oz bottles. I like diet Pepsi and they should carry it since I'm a great customer.
The food was amazing!Had good music! Very nice working team! Loved the shrimp and chicken tikaaa
This is my goto Indian restaurant in Bay Ridge. Sauces are super creamy, delivery is spot on. Try the tikki masala and mahkni sauces.
Their food is excellent, especially the take out. You just need to be careful with the takeout because the last time we ordered, the food was spilling out of the boxes and it was a huge mess. I had to call them and they gladly replaced the food.
Just had some veggie dishes that were very nice!  However, the ALOO TIKIYAS, were the bomb!  SO DELICIOUS.  Meri pyar and I were very happy with our food! Will definitely order again!
Glad I had the urge for Indian tonight. Great food, good service, nice atmosphere. Started with an order of papadom (free) with 3 different dipping sauces. Had some Bombay wings, not spicy but had a good crunch to it. Butter chicken is on point especially with the garlic naan. Rice pudding dessert had a nice cinnamon taste, on the house as well. Highly recommend and will be back.
Update: the manager called me afterwards, apologized for the inconvenience , were having a rough day. Understandable. I ordered again and the food was better. A bit inconsistent, some times spicy and flavorful others, no so much.
So glad Bay Ridge finally has a seriously delicious Indian place near my apartment. I had the Saag Paneer and my boyfriend had Lamb Vindaloo and both were delicious. The portions were great, I had enough of my entree to have yummy leftovers the next day. The garlic naan was very soft and fragrant. So good!
Best Indian restaurant in bay ridge. Everything from the biryani and curry all made exceptionally well. This restaurant can match up to the Indian restaurants in the city.
Absolutely fantastic. Ever since India passage switched hands, I've been hard pressed to find a new place to go. The tandoori is spot on. Spicy and tender. I tried the boti kebab and chicken tandoor, both excellent. The saag was not the style I like, but the lamb in it was perfectly done and it was seasoned nicely.I would pass on the onion pakoras next time, not enough onion for my taste. I will be a regular here for the tabdoor for shoor.
Love their chana masala and papadams. The proportions are great. Never dined in and always got take out from here but was never disappointed.
Delicious food & quick delivery! Wonderful new addition to the neighborhood. I hope they stay long term, bay ridge certainly needs a delicious Indian restaurant with friendly service.
I got the lamb curry & the chicken tikka app with naan & a mango lassi, and regular vegetarian Dahl makhani for my sister. I thoroughly enjoyed everything I had, and frankly the neighborhood really needed a good Indian place so badly. Taj isn't bad, but it's expensive and a little too stuffy and formal-ish for a casual meal. My only complaint is that my sister didn't really enjoy her Dahl. I didn't think it was terribly bad myself, it was just a lot darker and chunkier than I'm used to, which isn't a bad thing at all cause I mean if you're ordering a main dish you want it to be substantial and not soupy. Granted the dahl I usually get is either free or available as a cheap side which explains why it's typically thinner and more tumeric-y, but here it's only available as an entree. It wasn't terribly expensive but for the price I could've gotten a meat dish. im not complaining, just saying.Overall I'm very happy with my dinner choice and would eat there again. My sis ended up eating the rest of my lamb curry, naan, basmati rice and the tikka app so she was full and pleased even though she didn't seem to like her lentil entree, but then again I wouldn't have ordered that myself.
The staff here is great. The food is also tasteful! I recommend the shrimp karai and the chicken tikka masala. Plus, it's halal!!!
Finally, Bay Ridge has a great Indian restaurant of its own. I judge a place by its tikka masala sauce. Chicken tikka masala was rich, creamy and delicious. We've also tried lamb kashmiri, which was equally delicious.Can't comment on the place itself or the service since we took everything to go. They did call to say that the food was ready, which I thought was a nice touch.Definitely my go-to Indian place in the neighborhood from now on.
Very good food, but I just a few suggestions. I had the paneer masala, which was good, but I didn't feel it was creamy or seasoned as well as other versions of it that I've had in other restaurants. I also had a mango lassi, which for some reason they topped with whipped cream. I think this should be an option that you ask the customers if they'd prefer it once it's ordered. Only other thing is there needs to be a spring put on the main door. If not, everyone that opens the door and doesn't close it back will leave it open. I wasn't too close to the door, but it was seriously drafty in there because of it.
Nadeem our waiter (hope I was close with the  spelling) was such a pleasure to be around.  The Food was very good and fresh, although  it could have had a little more punch with the spices. Overall a very satisfying experience. If it wasn't for Nadeem this place would get 4 stars.  Very happy good Indian food around the corner.
A very cute, cozy spot with AWESOME food. We ordered a variety of veggie and lamb dishes and everything was seasoned and prepared so well. Not one complaint about any of the food. Only thing is they don't deliver by car so I'm a little too far for delivery.
I like indian bread, Nann.Bombay Grill has a variety of tastes. Mushroom soup makes my stomach warm and satisfied.  Chicken tandoori I ordered medium but it's not spicy at all. Next time I will go spicy. like to taste more different kinds of curry next time.
First time to eat Indian Food but the taste of the meals were exceptional My Son worked in an Indian Restaurant and placed the orders everything was flavorful and will return again The price was very  reasonable and do recommend highly
3 shrimp for shrimp saag that costed about $13-14? really. Food is good but for the price and portion ..I don't know how i feel about that. Won't try again. This review is based on delivery/take-out.
Stumbled upon this place by pure chance. Husband and I wanted to go to another local place for some seafood, turns out they were having a fundraiser and had a $40 prix fix menu - nope! Went on Yelp to find another option that we hadn't tried before, this place looked good even though it didn't have that many reviews yet, and we love Indian food and hadn't found anything worth while except our old favorite on the UWS. This. Place. Is. Awesome. We had the meat sampler and naan for an appetizer and were practically licking the sizzling platter. The naan was a succulent combination of doughy and crisp, and the flavor of the variety of meat was fantastic. Husband also had some chicken soup, which was the one thing he said he wouldn't re-order - it was basically tomato soup with chicken in it - it may have been delicious, but it just wasn't what he was expecting.We found out that they do not currently serve alcohol, but have applied for their liquor license. Turns out they just opened about 3 months ago! I'm looking forward to a good bottle of wine here in the future :)For dinner I had the chicken tikka, also served on a sizzling platter, with saffron rice on the side. Husband had crab biryani, which was amazing. When it came out I wasn't sure there was lots of crab in it - one stolen fork full and I was proven wrong. The flavor of the chicken tikka was fantastic. I told husband I could have eaten the onions that came on both of the sizzling skillets for days on end. They were THAT good.The setting is nice, kind of small on the inside, though I did see a sign for a "party room". The one thing that was really distracting was the Indian pop music playing on the TV over the hostess/bar area. Sometimes this really intense bass beat would thump out, and the videos (for someone that isn't Indian) were really over the top.The staff were great, constantly on top of refilling water glasses, and at the end gave us a complimentary rice pudding dessert (and it was even more delicious than the rice pudding at our UWS favorite!). Basically, I don't really see us making the trip to the UWS again unless the quality drops here or they never get a liquor license. I was still thinking about how damn delicious that meal was when I went to sleep last night. Can't wait to go back. And can't wait to eat my leftovers for dinner tonight.
Just ordered, food was ready in time and warm! Food is Amazing, flavorful and balanced and staff is kind. Would highly recommend this place and definitely will be coming back.
I don't give many 5 stars. See my reviews. This place was great, the food was as good as the service. The staff was attentive and giving. Extra rice and a complimentary taste of a mango rice pudding.Even the before dinner chutneys were better than any indian restaurant I have been to. The prices are reasonable and create additional reasons to visit on a higher frequency.
We enjoyed the chicken tikka masala and the saag paneer with chapati. We asked for spicy and that's how they served it! This is the best Indian food we have had in a restaurant here. Our favorite place closed down and lucky for us, this place is even better. Sodas are from the bottle or can, so they aren't lacking in flavor like many other Indian restaurants. We were given poppers for starters and rice pudding for desert. Sunny ordered a sweet lassie and said although a bit thick, very tasty. Nice proportion on everything so we left with tomorrows lunch. They dimmed the lighting and added candles to the tables and this became a nice romantic space. The only negative is it is rather small and when busy you may end up with strangers sitting inches away...It was so good, we will run that risk. We will definitely be back!
This place is consistently delicious! Every time I order from here it's amazing and gets delivered in under 25 minutes. I am obsessed with the chicken tikka masala, aloo saag, onion kulcha bread, and the samosas.
Ordered dinner yesterday- Malai Kofta was uncooked and had raw pieced of cashew in it, the taste was also pathetic. Along with that i had ordered Cucumber Raita which was over priced for the quantity. Hands down Taj Mahal is much better.
This place is great. Chicken Masala is the best! The Naan is really good too. Service is a 10. They give you this crackers and dip appetizer when you sit down and it's so tasty. Highly recommend!
Unbelievable?! I reserved a table of 8 via Yelp. Manager refused to serve us for no particular reason even though this eatery is empty?!
Great place. Food is fresh and well seasoned. Service is excellent. Not sure how long it's going to last (they are waiting for their liquor license) but we really dig the BYOB option right now.
The food was pathetic, their bestseller, the chicken tikka masala was a bowl of sweet tomato puree.
This place is really good. My new favorite restaurant. Chicken or lamb Biryani is great, chicken tikka masala is great. I can't wait to try more dishes.
Ordered for delivery but after 50mins still not deliver yet. What kind of service is this? Called them and they keep told me on the way. At the end delivered after 1 hour 10mins. The food taste very bad. And not spicy at all.
Just moved to the neighborhood - and I LOVE me some Indian food. I tried this place because they had a promo going on delivery.com - and I am really happy I did. I figured since it was the first time trying a new place, I would try a staple - chicken Tikka masala. They offer a great lunch special that comes with an appetizer, Naan and an entree (appetizer long with a variety of sauces and yogurts). For the price, you get get a lot of food and it happens to be pretty good food. Fast delivery, polite delivery man. They would have warranted a 5 star review if the food was a little spicier or just had a little more flavor. I will definitely be a repeat customer.
I am so happy they came to Bay Ridge.  I been waiting for a good Indian restaurant to open for a very long time.  We ordered in from BomBay Grill last night for the first time.  Everything was just wonderful.  We had the Chicken Tikka Marsala and it was wonderful.  Everything was fresh and so good.  I highly recommend this place.  I can't wait to have a full dinner in their restaurant very soon.Keep up the fantastic work.  I am a fan for sure.
The rice they used to use was so much better. It was long and thin and the rice they use now is not as great. Love the condiments they serve at the table and love their chicken tikka biryani. They could work on phone/ customer service. They're pretty bad at taking orders and reading card numbers. This one time they guy called back in a ride voice blatantly saying to give him another card number because the one I gave him didn't work. So I told him It did work and gave him the same number again. Turns out he mixed up a number. At least be polite if you're wrong, don't assume it's me. And he charged me for something I didn't want, because he wasn't listening.
I have ordered take out from them a number of times. They are friendly and I love their Chicken Tikka Masala.
We had family visiting and we wanted some Indian food but my son was asleep so we were home bound. I live in Bensonhurst so we are out of the delivery range for Bay a Ridge establishments. That being said we had 4 starving adults ordering and so they kindly made an exception. On to the food! We ordered a mix of food to share and it was all amazing! They didn't miss a beat with delivery. We had the mix tandoori grill, the josh rogan curry, lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, and the samosa appetizer. The dips for the samosa were some of the best we have had. Oh and the lamb kabob appetizer! Omg I wish we had got this has a main dish as I hated splitting it up! All the main courses were deliciously spicy and exactly what we wanted. We had the obligatory orders of naan and garlic naan that were fluffy and perfect. My husband and I will definitely be returning for a dine in experience! And thank you so much to Bombay for going out of your way to deliver to us even though we were a bit below the minimum for our location. You have gained long term customers in us now though!
This place is probably better than all the other Indian places in Bay Ridge, but they need to open up their delivery zone.  10 blocks???  That's unheard of out in these parts.  Most places will go 20 or more.  Probably keeps their food at a certain quality, which I can appreciate.   But they'll get much more business if they extend their range to all of Bay Ridge.
I love this place, my bf and i have been going for almost a year, we love it here. I get the saag paneer and he gets various chicken dishes. It feels like home, and the manager/owner is literally the nicest and sweetest man ever. The point is the food is always always amazing no matter what we get. Highly suggest it!
Nice cozy restaurant. The food was amazing! We shared chicken tikka masala, lamb saag and lamb rogan josh. Big portions! Also had the garlic naan and a vegetable samosa. Everything was delicious. Great service with free dessert...5 stars!
Great food . Reasonably priced, so happy they opened up ! I ordered dinner for delivery and everything was great . Naan was delicious and I had the lamb vindaloo which was great . Everyone else was happy with dinner too . Will definitely go again !
the service is quite good and the food is great. even the smallest thing you realize that were attention paid to it with garnishment!
I loved the service at this place and food was great. My water glass was always full. My dish was very spicy, so if you don't like spice just ask or mild. If this place continuous to have such great service and food I will keep coming back. The place is byob which is great, but I think they are getting liquor license. Overall great experience and people who work there are very nice.
Food is amazing.  We had ordered takeout twice.  Ordered from meat to vegetarian plates.  Two thumbs up.  The kashimiri curry is awesome.  I ordered it with reluctance.  So glad I did.  So far.. that is my favorite dish there.  Best Indian food in Bay Ride!!!!
Had such high hopes for this place because I live Indian food but got was what I got bad ! I ordered their version of shrimp tandoori masala for delivery & the sauce was inedible & almost looked like they put ton of food coloring in there ! I'm hoping I just caught them on a really off night so might try again in person ! With all the great reviews hope I won't be disappointed!
I am leaving this review to highlight the excellent service we received. I came here with my friend and our five kids ranging in age from newborn to six. Normally we would not submit a nice restaurant to the craziness of our company but we were exhausted and hungry and decided to take a chance. Being Brooklyn, we get used to a little bit of eye rolling and whispers behind our backs, but not at Bombay Grill! The two wonderful men who served us did not show the slightest bit of annoyance that we'd brought five unruly, noisy children into their restaurant. On the contrary, they were so kind and patient and laughed with our kids, even when drinks were spilled, decorations messed with, and (gulp) a dish was broken. They just kept smiling and saying, "it's ok, it's ok" and refilling our drinks. At the end, they even brought each of us complimentary rice puddings, which were delicious. My friend and I were just stunned and so overwhelmed by this kindness that is so rarely seen in New York. These wonderful men helped turn a situation that could have been very stressful into a wonderful experience for us and they deserve every success with their business. Thank you, Bombay Grill!
I just tried this place out for the first time. I had the saag paneer and aloo paratha. Both were excellent. I was accompanied by a friend who has a plethora of food intolerances. The waiter was conscious of each allergy and helped her find a tasty and suitable option for dinner. We both enjoyed the food and ambiance, and will definitely be back! I encourage everyone to try them out. This neighborhood needed a good Indian restaurant, and now it has one!
I went to Bombay Grill expecting quality vegetarian dishes with flavor and spice, and I came home feeling unhappy and with a very sugary taste in my mouth. I have been living in this neighborhood for 20+ years, and had been going to the same Indian restaurant over and over again. Although my local place was great, I was looking for more of a change and I thought Bombay Grill would be the place that I could go to for a great culinary experience. Unfortunately, this was not the case. We arrived at the restaurant and ordered a Malai Kofta, Saag Paneer and naan. We were first served 3 chutneys and papad. All of the chutneys were sweet, not appealing for my taste. We waited for our food for about 15 minutes, not long at all. We were then served with warm, but not hot, dishes and very, very small portion sizes of food. However, the appearance of the food was good. We started eating the Malai Kofta first. This was probably the least appetizing dish we had at the restaurant because the gravy, like the chutneys, was sweet, even though we ordered for all dishes to be medium spicy. The main problem with the dish was that the koftas were really dry, and tasted like unseasoned and grainy falafel like balls. They had no vegetables in them, as described in the menu, and were not tasty. The Saag Paneer, though sweet like everything else, was good and appetizing. The naans were great, however, in the menu they were said to cost $1.95, but they actually charged us $2.95 per naan. My main two concerns with Bombay Grill were the portion sizes and the sweetness of the food. The North Indian dishes that we ordered were too sweet considering that I ordered for spicy food, and did not taste like traditional Indian dishes. The portion sizes were too small and you would have to order 2 veggie dishes in order to feed one person, and each dish was for the price of a large dish compared to other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood. In spite of all this, the environment was great and clean. I was not happy with the overall experience.
first of all the hospitality of the staff is incredible, the food is the best Indian food I've ever had and I've been all over the country and I always stop for Indian food where ever I am the tandoori shrimp bbq.is amazing perfectly cooked the mushroom Sagg is out of this world the spices and cooking technique is of a master chef and I've been here twice and each time my wife and I order a few  different dishes each time and we're always deeply satisfied from the vindaloo dishes to the vegetable Jakfrezye  from the curries to the Naans to the Mulligatawny soup to the Aloo Matar Gobi this is a place that should absolutely not be missed if you really like the Indian cuisine then come to the Bombay Grill and taste the cuisine done by a true master chef I promise you that you will love this place and the staff I found this by accident when another restaurant down the street was closed and I'll never be sorry I found it also when you order try to order a couple of different dishes and share them at the table that way you will really get the true taste of the master chef that he is and one more thing I took the time to write this review because it is a true diamond and like Arnold say's I'LL BE BACK!
