Food was really good. They have a small sub-menu of the standard chinese dishes but we ordered off the rest of the menu and everything was great. Thre-nut chicken, Chan-Do chicken, xo prawns, szechuan prawns, bok choi and mushrooms, singapore curry noodle, chicken dumplings, pork soup dumplings, shrimp balls, curry puffs, duck roll...Food was REALLY really good. Very pleased. Very fairly priced, too (unlike wah jeal which is a ripoff). Service was courteous and timely. Overall great experience.
What a great find! This place is excellent. After spending a long day at the Met we were hungry and wanted some delicious food! Dumpings etc... Their egg rolls and duck rolls are delicious! So are their dumplings. They give Din Tai Fung a run for their money and we're DTF crazy! Service was excellent. Super friendly and attentive staff. I've never had a server ask me if it would be okay to organize our table to make room for our other food... Excellent service!!!! If you're in the area or hungry for some Dumplings I HIGHLY recommend Tri Dim!
**review for takeoutI was thinking of my grandpa (pan fried noodles were his favorite- he would go out on himself for some alone time with his favorite dish!), so I ordered the Pan Fried Noodles with beef from TDS for takeout- good service in that they kindly gave me a quick call to let me know it was ready/greeted me at the door.They knew to keep the crispy noodles and the delicious rich gravy separate- else i would have had a soggy mess when I got home!The gravy was full of snow peas, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, fat shiitake mushrooms and chunks of beef. The broth itself was rich, not overly salty, and savory. I felt it was a really good balance- topped with the crunchy fried noodles, it was the perfect blend of crunchy and soupy.My grandpa would've loved it.will try other dishes as well! (ants on a stick, dan dan noodles, i'm coming for you!)
While prices for dim sum may be on the pricy side, the decent food, excellent service, and nice interior made it worth the money spent.As a party of 2, we ordered:1) Pork dumplings with chili sesame sauce (good)2) Soup Dumplings (was okay)3) Shredded turnip short cakes (really good)4) Chicken Steamed dumplings (Yelp check-in promo, it was meh)5) Szechuan Danan Noodle with Minced Pork (really good)Standouts I would eat again is the Shredded Turnip Short Cakes (flaky turnip goodness) and Szechuan Dandan Noodles (great carb to fill us up and complete our dim sum run).Service was great. Very attentive and pleasant staff. If given the chance, will come here again to try other dishes outside of the dim sum menu. Thanks for the great dinner!
I just want to start by saying that I really wanted to like this place. I've said it before, I'll say it again: there are no good Chinese restaurants on the Upper East Side. That being said, I ordered delivery from here two days ago and everything was so mediocre. Pork fried dumplings - probably the best of what we ordered but not cooked enoughBBQ spare ribs - also undercooked. Literally pink. Also just blandFilet of steak w scallion, ginger, etc - Not bad but also not Chinese. Literally four pieces of steak in soy sauceDinner was $48 for the three items listed above. Not worth it. Needs a lot of improvement, sorry not sorry.
Food was excellent! Very traditional :) we had xiao long bao (soup dumplings), DanDan Noodles, and grand marnier prawns. Everything so so good- we will be returning!
I come here with my family often. We like a nice setting here for drinks and good food. They have a good selection of alcohol and desserts. I recommend the Peking duck, mayo shrimp and curry puffs.
So delicious!We ordered the chicken with 3 nutsOmg it was so greatThe walnuts are candied and the chicken is perfectly cookedYummy
Doesn't worth the valueDishes are simplest as it could beService is rushing all the time The cup even has lipstick on it Doesn't offer hot tea as almost all Chinese restaurants in town
I really do like the food at this place and have ordered many times before. But to order the one $45 dish (Peking Duck), wait over an hour for delivery, and then have it come without the pancakes for the Duck is ridiculous. The restaurant thought it was perfectly reasonable for me to ask my company wait another 20 minutes to bring the pancakes so my guests could eat cold duck. Lesson: stick to the basics here and don't splurge for the Peking duck.
The atmosphere is really good but to be honest, the food is not authentic at all. We got several traditional Chinese dishes and my parents and I are vey disappointed. Also the freebie they have using yelp is disgusting. The dumpling is very hard to chew and is not tasty at all. I wouldn't come back.
Find this nice and clean restaurant on the way to my weekend movie.Their Lion's Head Casserole is the best ever since I have had tried so many different restaurants in NYC, even in Flushing I couldn't find this Classic Shanghai Traditional dish tastes just like the one they made.The pork meatballs were slowly braised till soft and tender in a clay pot, with the shanghai cabbage and xianggu mushroom mixed into the special brown sauce. This is a must try, it will lead a you to endless aftertastes, I will definitely reorder or dine in here again.
How's this for a scenario:After ordering a soup and entree the waiter looks you straight in the eye and says, "What about soup?!!"Or just after you've taken a bite of food and before you can put your fork down, the waiter's forearm suddenly appears in front of your face, stretching across the table to rearrange all the plates and glasses?How about if the waiter states, "Everything here is gluten free," when clearly it's not?I spent an hour there from start to finish. The entire time the house lights didn't stop blinking off and on -- and this ain't no disco.In my opinion, these people looked and acted like they were on drugs.Food: Mediocre, at best.Service: Contemptible!Ambiance: Laughable.Attention to detail: Clearly non-existent.Bottom line: AWFUL.NOTE TO JAY: My previous review was not removed "because of hating speech and false information," as you wrongly claim. See below for Yelp's message to me, which says nothing about discrimination. In fact, Yelp invited me to post another review, one including more specific details about the horrible meal, service and ambiance I experienced at your restaurant! Regarding your response to my comment about the waiter and staff looking and acting like they were on drugs: "methinks the lady doth protest too much."Yelp's May 5, 2017 message to me states:Hi Marcus,We wanted to let you know that we've removed your review of Tri Dim Shanghai. Your review was brought to our attention by the Yelp community, and we found that it fell outside our Content Guidelines because it did not provide enough details about your customer experiences. The best reviews provide context, detail and perhaps even a helpful tip or two. Feel free to post new reviews with more information about your experiences with the businesses. To learn more, check out our Content Guidelines at yelp.com/guidelines.Thanks for understanding, and we'll see you on Yelp!
I was super excited saw this new place on UES - a dim sum place that looks clean and trendy that's right next door! However it turned out that the food is below average for a dim sum place, and the price is unacceptably high. What a bummer!We went on New Years Day and got the XLB, dan dan noodles, and rice cake with sour cabbage. Wait, this is a dim sum place - why not ordering more dim sum items? Dude look at the price, it's just ridiculous. It's higher than a Michelin-star level dim sum restaurant. Also, they don't have many things that we normally would order - like rice noodle roll and pork buns. Our XLB came out to be not very impressive. The dan dan noodles is not spicy at all, and the rice cake was unpleasantly salty. Maybe we just got all the not so good dishes here today. But with this price range, I would not give it another try.
This review is just for the delivery option. I've not been to the restaurant in person. Pros:The food arrived very quickly. The tilapia and black bean sauce was the best thing we ordered. Good texture and taste. The snow peas were good. Cons:The szechuan eggplant had no flavor and was missing the sauce typical to this type of dish. Very underwhelming. Overall, an average-to-underwhelming experience.
Tri dim shanghai is a new Chinese restaurant in the neighborhood. They offer a lunch special for about $8-$9, as well as a dim sum menu and the usual Chinese dishes. I was seated quickly and the waiters were very attentive. The lunch menu seems to be the best deal and comes with a free egg roll or soup. The general tso chicken was fresh and had a good balance of crisp batter and meaty chicken. The only disappointment was that it only included one piece of broccoli. :-(Overall, great spot for Chinese in the UES if you don't want to trek to Chinatown. Value: A for the lunch special and B for the regular menuFood: A- (solid Chinese food)Ambiance: A (clean and spacious)Service: A (attentive staff)
The food is delicious! Great spot to eat. I love Asian food. It's so nice to have a nice Chinese restaurant uptown. I don't need to travel all the way to LES to eat authentic Chinese food anymore. It's a very cultural spot with lots of artifacts. The people are very friendly and professional. They're always cleaning and changing the utensils when necessary. My favorite dishes are chicken curry puff, string beans and lobster (country style). Soup dumpling were yummy. I recommend the crab soup dumpling as well.
Slightly more expensive than average Chinese restaurant, but a hundred times better and with fresh veggies. Restaurant is also clean and nice decor. The wait staff are fine, not really warm or friendly, which is totally fine for me. But our waiter was efficient and it was no problem when I sent back a dish for having an ingredient that wasn't listed on the menu. I'd definitely come back.
Somehow we were at the UES - either in the Park or museums - a lot lately, so we ate here three weekends in a row. One time I even brought my mom who was in town who is generally against Chinese, but I convinced her this is not what she thinks. She did not regret, and we enjoyed it tremendously every time. Great reasonably priced food. I had the Shredded Beef with Leeks dish twice in a row, that's how much I liked it. My mom loved her eggplant dish. Tangy shrimp appetizer is delish- it has spicy sesame sauce with cilantro and is a good size. Wonton soup was good, hot and sour soup so-so. The last time we went vegetarian and had Dry sautéed string beans (amazing) and tri mushrooms with bok choy (just ok). We had a bunch of deserts over time, they just regular "Western" deserts - chocolate soufflée with ice cream, gelato, mouse cake - all very good. There's no kid menu, but kids will eat classic dishes, like General Tso's chicken, nicely done. Thanks!
The dish is great for the family gathering together. CHAO NiAN GAO is very close to what you can get in China .
Great food, nice people.  Had the crispy Szechuan beef and the tri-pepper chicken.  Both were very good and tasty.  Delivery happened in minutes!  In addition, its a nice new restaurant that Ive had  a pleasure of dining in and was very impressed
Discovered this relative newcomer tonight on Third and 78th.  Food is excellent.  Staff is very professional.  Seems like an undiscovered gem right on Third Avenue.  Decor is new and modern.  Manager Jay was helpful and accommodating.  He made some suggestions to my order, which at first I wasn't sure about, but when the food arrived I realized he was right!  How often does that happen?Place has a full bar and I could see going there for drinks.  I'm guessing that as more people discover Tri Dim Shanghai, it will get difficult to get in.  Nothing not to like here.  Service is quick and to the point.  Food is delicious.  Has to be the best Chinese on the UES.
I took friends  here for dinner the other night.  They had sworn off Chinese since they are from the midwest.  I promised them a terrific meal and they got one.  They loved it!  What I love is you can get 1/2 grilled duck (done into Peking duck wraps) as a single order rather than needing a lot of people to share a whole duck.
Woosoo said, "Bean Sprouts with Chives was cooked just right - still had the crunch. Also, spring rolls were crunchy. Definitely a repeat."Lilian said, "Ma Po Tofu was spicy and needs a big bowl of white rice. Nonetheless, FABULOUS."Mama Ting said, "Lions Head Casserole was great - meat was tender and juicy."Bernice said, "Braised Pork Belly with Shanghai Bok Choi was out of this world. The tangy sauce made the dish. Star of the night."Florence said, "Cold Duck was was tasty."Howard just liked everything.
Food was decent, service was horrible! Waited 15 minutes after sitting before anyone poured me water or even spoke to me again and even then I had to waive them over like I was drowning. And I really despise having to do that, seems rude on both ends. Once I got water my food and apps came all at once and even at that was just alright nothing mind blowing which made me kind of sad.I'm writing this as I sit here waiting for my check....which I also had to loudly ask for from across the dining room. Needless to say I am more than disappointed, waste of an evening off and a lot of money.
My husband and I ordered delivery from here earlier tonight and got one of the worst cases of food poisoning I've ever had!! I called the restaurant and spoke to the manager to let him know what happened and ask for a refund - he was extremely rude on the phone, never apologized and even had the audacity to tell me if I was truly ill I should go to to ER.We are still throwing up, and are utterly miserable right now. Never again!!
First time trying dim sum. I must say I loved the curry puffs. Liked the crab and pork long bao, likes the chicken dumpling, crispy duck roll but wasn't a fan of the BBQ ribs. Strongly I don't recommend these last ones, chewy and no taste. Also too much fat on these ribs
oh man.. Shanghai Pavilion was my go to Chinese Food when I would order in and it was ALWAYS great Chinese food. However, the change over to Tri Dim, has left me rather disappointed. Oh man, There was so many items on the menu at Shanghai Pavilion that i really enjoyed. Such as the Spare Ribs, the Roast Pork, The Won Ton Soup, the Veggie Fried Rice... And all these staples of my usual ordering are gone forever. The Won  Ton soup is not as flavorful, the spare ribs were cooked too long and too rough. The Fried Rice was bland and had minimal veggies in it. And the did away with the roast pork on the menu! The Horror. Oh, might I add.... they don't have a Friggin' EGG ROLL! NO EGG ROLL? WHAT? Anyway, yeah, My Wife and I had been ordering from Shanghai Pavilion for years, and it looks like we're gonna have to find a new chinese restaurant to order in from. So disappointed.
Very decent food here. Better than China Blue in terms of food. The portion and the pricing are relevant. We also have steam soup dumplings and a steam bass with black bean sauce. Service was okay.
The dumplings were from another world. We died. Highly recommend the soup dumplings, which our waiter gladly taught us how to eat. Will be back!
In a word "Genuine" especially the Dim Sum. The Chef is from Shanghai and is suburb. Had the smoked cold fish as an app. It was subtle and exotic. The fish is a fresh water fish raised in the mangroves. The duck roll was also subtle. The duck was moist without being fatty and nicely balanced with ginger and scallions. The Shanghai crab and shrimp was incredible. You want to put a bit of the special sauce on it and place it gently in your mouth so all the delicate flavors burst ! A must. The service was remarkable. Very knowledgeable staff and caring owner. Will be back. Oh and reasonable price
Really really like this place. I came here with my sister twice because she lives nearby, the food here is good - nothing amazing but definitely a restaurant that makes good quality Chinese food.What I really loved and what made me come back was the customer service. First we ordered for pick up and when we got home we found out our order of 6 dumplings only had 3. I called them and they immediately said they'll make another order free of charge - no arguing no nothing. When I came to pick it up it wasn't ready yet - so a really nice employee - might've been the owner- sat me down at the bar - gave me a cold glass of water and plate of wasabi peas all while making convo and keeping me company until the order was ready. That was really nice of him, you hardly get customer service like that anymore.
What a great find - will definitely return! Wide variety of dishes that were very fresh and flavorful, especially enjoyed the beef with leeks and crab and pork soup dumplings. If you like some spice make sure to let them know, don't just trust the chili on the menu - I will request a bit more heat next time. And as an extra plus, this was the best service I've had in...forever! More than one person was extremely attentive, noticing exactly when we were ready to order, refilling water, when we were done with each course, etc. without being pushy. A rare and noteworthy find!
Wonderful food and atmosphere. I had the beef filet Hunan Style and it was incredible. My uncle, who has traveled to China many times, had the braised pork and said it was wonderful as well. Met two of the owners who both were very friendly and welcomed us with recommendations and conversation. Highly recommended for a great night out with great authentic Shanghai Chinese Chinese food.
Used to be called Shanghai Pavilion, Trim Dim Shanghai is still a massive catastrophe. To say that this restaurant loses its tastes would not be strictly accurate, for that would imply that there was a taste to lose. Sometimes it's good to be bad. In Trim Dim Shanghai's case, bad is just plain bad.
I gave it 5 stars because I think that it is the best Chinese restaurant on the upper east side. There are better of course but you have to travel. Food has improved ever since ownership changed. Shanghai Pavilion was good (old name) but Tri Dim is better. Service in the restaurant is excellent and delivery is always fast (it helps tip). I like the Pork Dumplings with chili sauce and the shredded beef with leeks and hot pepper.  Try something other than sesame chicken or General Yao's chicken and you will be rewarded.
We stumbled upon this place after a morning at the Met, and we discovered quickly that we had found a real jewel. The dumplings were all impeccable, with well balanced flavors and sauces. The Dan Dan noodles had an amazing heat that built as you went, and we ate our fill for less than $30! This is a must do if you are on the UES, i would travel from anywhere in town and definitely have it on my list for our next trip
The steamed dumpling was very well seasoned. In fact, it's the best tasting dumpling I've ever had.The steamed chiliean sea bass with ginger and scallion was so tender, it melted in my mouth like butter. The sauce that accompanied it was seasoned perfectly. It went very nicely with steamed rice. I would definitely come back again.The service was top notch. This place deserves a 5-star.
Good service and great food. Their dumplings are perfectly done.Also liked how they let you pick your vegetables and have it steamed as my husband has dietary restrictions
Finally a great Chinese restaurant on the upper east side. Beef and broccoli was delicious and their slippery chicken is one of my favorites, perfect level of spicey.They also have good dumplings. I actually have never eaten there, but every time I've ordered it's come quick and hot.
I don't think I have eaten horse manure recently, but the fried rice tasted what I imagine horse manure to taste like. Which was very concerning
I had the yelp's check in free dumpling, which was pretty descent. The food was tasty, but overall super Americanized and sweet. We had a szechuan dish, but it was not spicy at all. The house tea was okay. It was not watered down, which was nice.
Seems new and i liked their very attentive service and great food!!! We ordered general tso chicken, shrimp xlb and shanghai fried rice and egg and corn soup!! I'd recommend!
The food is just average! I ordered the Curry Prawns. The description is so exotic and so is the price! $20! But the end product was below average!! Very disappointed.
We came for dinner with friends. Love the food here! Especially the crab soup dumpling, short rib and drunken chicken. Great dining experience! Will definitely come back.
I appreciate Tri Dim Shanghai's efforts to improve on what used to be Shanghai Pavilion, but it's just not good enough yet. New signage out front and a handful of tasty new items (the Red Cooked Short Ribs, for instance, are delicious and absolutely worth trying) can't cover the fact that most of what's served here is bland and overpriced.The Shanghai soup dumplings / xiao long bao are mediocre: lacking bold flavor and freshness, and at $9 or $10 for six (depending on if you order pork or crab) aren't worth ordering unless you're confined to the Upper East Side. Their Kung Pao Chicken ($14) arrived without any peppers or garnish, and was coated in a tasteless sauce, making for one of the weakest versions of this dish I've ever had. For $12 we ordered bok choy, and some of the pieces arrived to the table cold (not lukewarm, but cold--as if they were pulled straight from a refrigerator and not given enough time on the stove). The Stir-Fried Beef With Baby Bok Choy was the breaking point for me. $16 for thinly-sliced, mushy mystery meat. Such an odd texture and unpleasant flavor.  I want this place to be good, for there to be a solid Chinese restaurant on the Upper East Side, to not have to go downtown or to Queen for some good XLB, but the more I eat at Tri Dim the more disappointed I become. Unless they revamp the quality, I won't be back or ordering delivery.
My New Favorite!!When a local Chinese Restaurant closed, some interesting comments here on Yelp prompted me to try Tri Dim Shanghai and I'm very happy that I did. Apparently the management has undergone a recent change and for my money it's been successful.The crispy shrimp balls are sumptuous and juicy. I tried two kinds of dumplings which were both visually impressive and delicious. The Moo Shu Pork from the "Oldy But Goody" section of the menu was also wonderful. It was subtly flavored, with fresh ingredients and just enough pancakes. The Dry Sautéed Crispy Shredded Beef was a delight of wonderful flavors and textures that didn't seem to suffer from being delivered. Cold Sesame Noodles had just enough sauce that was subtle and delicious.I'm of the opinion that the kitchen in the current version of Tri Dim Shaghai has got it together and is rock solid. I'm also happy to say that I have the enviable dilemma of trying more of the dishes on their menu or re-ordering what I've already enjoyed. Somehow, whatever choice I make, I have no doubt that I'll enjoy the results.
Loved it! My friend and I got two orders of soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and the shanghai beef noodles. Everything was absolutely delicious and the service was excellent as well!
We had lunch here today and once again it was FANTASTIC!!!!!!  Food is very clean,well prepared and excellent.  The staff is very professional, polite and always thereshould you have a special request.  DEFINITELY going back!!!!WE LOVE THIS RESTAURANT!!!!!!!!!EDDI B.
Authentic Shanghai style food. Great service, very nice setting! Xiao Longbao is excellent!
I love this restaurant. Everything is delicious especially the soup dumplings. The servers were very nice and took care of our every need. The art is beautiful and in general it is very comfortable. My husband, my mother and I enjoyed the spicy  mopo tofu and the pea shoots. We had an amazing meal and will come back soon.
Great food and some nice vegetarian choices. Asked for spicy and well executed! Friendly staff and great prices for New York. Great addition to my NYC list of restaurants and will be back
Awesome food and service. I was looking for a place to eat while picking up a business phone call. I bumped into this restaurant and kicked off the call, which turned out to be a long one. The staff were very patient and attentive - they let me finish the call even though it was over the closing hour. Much appreciation for that!
I had a birthday dinner last night at Tri Dim Shanghai. The food is authentic. I especially enjoy the service. The servants are professionally trained. I feel that though I am eating Chinese food but in a western food restaurant.
Great food and even better service ! Excellent ambiance  I would gave them 10/10 !!I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for good and authentic Chinese food
Excellent soup dumplings, service A+, atmosphere very pleasant.    Will come back next time we're in town
I've tried Tri Diim Shanghai three times since it opened and each time has been excellent. The staff are vey nice, have great suggestions and the food is even better.  Go for the mapo tofu - it has a much more complex flavor than most.  And the amazing chicken is just that.  The lunch special is a fantastic deal.
I decided to switch it up from my regular Chinese spot because it wasn't tasting very good lately. I ordered my usual sauteed mixed vegtables extra spicy w/wonton soup as my side. It was delish! The vegetables and the soup were both amazing! I will be dropping my regular spot and this will be my new goto Chinese. Its a few dollars more than the other one but the quality of food is worth it!
Had Dinner here Tonight with a Party of 20 people.  The Food was  Delicious. Scallion Pancakes were crispy, not greasy, and the Braised Pork, melted in my mouth.  we had 3 different Shrimp dishes, I'm not sure of the names, but i enjoyed them.  liked  Tingling Chicken curry as well.
restaurant looks nice but food very very mediocre. not good dim sum, not many good shanghainese choices either.
We hit this place after a morning at the Met and it hit the spot.  We had the General Tso's and the Amazing Chicken.  The vegetables tasted very fresh and everything was great.  Lunch prices were also very reasonable.
Terrific braised pork belly with baby bok choy. Nice atmosphere and friendly service. Helpful section of the menu allows fussy diners to choose their own combos & sauces.
What a wonderful addition to the upper east side ..... food is fresh and service friendly ....... best part is you don't have to go all the way downtown for Xiao Long Bao.... decor is warm simple and not over the top.
The food quality is very high comparing to any other chinese places. The service is very friendly. The food is tasty and fresh. The atmosphere is clean, simple and classy. I have been here quite a few times, food and service are consistently good. I am happy to find a chinese restaurant like this one more reliable and trust worthy.
Ordered takeout. Had heard good things about this place. Food was major disappointment. Chicken was soggy and loaded with salt. Fried dumplings were pasty and undercooked. Scallion pancakes were a complete disaster: just a limp pile of garbage loaded with grease...completely inedible. I don't how you can justify serving disgusting food like this. We threw everything away. FYI we called to complain and the manger couldn't have cared less.
first time having dim sum. let's just say, i'm now hooked. i really enjoyed the crab and pork dumplings-- definitely tasty. but the best were those curry puffs, i'm still thinking about them. first time having shumai, it legitimately just melts in your melt- a full party in your mouth ! good experience.
Delivery was quick. Food was warm as if we were in the restaurant. Best Chinese food in the UES. Superior quality. Don't miss the  the Shanghai dumplings.
very good for the prices and the area, and I am a picky eater. my only go-to Chinese place in the UES.
The food  is very delicious! Specially the curry chicken casseroles, spicy shrimp(the shrimp is so fresh), shanghai bean cursed puff and steamed crab meat xiao long bao. Everything is good. Definitely I will come back.
Amazing food, amazing service, owner Jay is a sweetheart! Beautiful and relaxing vibe! Can't wait to go back!
Shhhhh... Dont tall anyone because we want to be able to walk in and still get a table.  What a find. We'd written this restaurant off under the old owners but the new ones have brought very tasty Chinese food at reasonable prices.  There are full entrees that looked inviting but Chef Wong 's dim sum offers such a fabulous palatte of tastes and textures, we made a meal of that Shrimp dumplings with lovely crisp insides, soup dumplings just firm enough to get into your mouth,  then exploding with flavor, subtle scallion pancake knowingly highlighted with sauce, and crackling rice soup so good we forgot to share.   I'm getting hungry again and I just finished breakfast.
The noodle soup is exquisite.  Spicy, authentic and prepared with care.  Great environment and owners are very welcoming.   Shun Lee trained chefs.  Don't miss this place!  Best on UES!
AMAZING food!! Try the short rib, effing amazing! The owner is a super chill guy! Food for EVERYONE, carnivore, vegan and all in between. Modest prices and fresh food, definitely try this place!
