This restaurant opened about a year ago and it had been on our list to try. I'm not a huge fan of Indian food (I love how it tastes, but it tends to be too heavy for me) so the husband had to wait until I was in the mood. Unfortunately I misunderstood the person on the phone and came during a non-buffet time. We were there so we decided to sit down and eat any way. The waiter brought us soup to start (I'm not sure what it was) which was light and full of flavor.We ordered:1) Saag paneer2) Briyami chicken3) Lamb stuffed naan 4) Garlic naan I actually really enjoyed the meal. It wasn't very heavy and it was full of Indian spices/flavors. They give you a lot of food and we ended up taking some home. We were the only patrons dining at that time so the food came out quickly (it's the worst when a restaurants isn't busy and your food takes forever to come out). We will definitely be back to try their buffet!
Been ordering delivery lunch from here for a while, they delivery quickly to the hospital I work at. (Never been inside the shop, so I can't attest to that.) Flavors are spot on! When we order as a group, our spice tolerance has a range, and this restaurant has always managed to keep the "mild" orders flavorful without any heat. Likewise, they know how to add heat without melting your tongue off where you can't experience the true tastes of the dishes. Their saag paneer is delish if you're looking for a good veggie choice. My coworkers who are Indian have commented that their chicken korma tastes like homemade. Will continue to order from them in the future.
I'm very glad to stop at this spot with my partner for dinner, I ordered lamb chops it was delicious and fish curry was too. On the top we ordered garlic bread which really brought a perfect combination with fish curry .. Enjoyed dinner, place was quiet and the music playing in the background was so good .. Service was exceptional,  the guy who took care of us was very kind and attentive ... I will definitely come back soon ..
Had the tandoori chicken. A little dry but great flavor especially dipped in raita. Also had the lamb chettinad. Loved it! So rich and flavorful. The veggie samosas were good but not as well seasoned as some others I've tried.
Echoing Mike B's statement in which he properly points out the lack of Indian food in Forest Hills, he's right, it's depressing.Indian food is a life long favorite, having grown up on it and I have a huge affection for the buffets I've come to enjoy in later years.So, down I sat for the buffet and immediately off to the corner staging area. What's to follow may come off a tad harsh but I'm not skilled in the art of sugarcoating.Naan bread was ultra dull, nothing to build off there so to rice I went. A nice quality Batsami, but a bit clumpy so I kept banging upon it for separation. The Tandoori Chicken in the soup urn was moist but not much flavor, the Chicken Tiki Masala was in a thick sauce that had a ketchup flavor. The goat faired reasonably better and the eggplant was a nice spicy surprise.My next trip will yield much better results, to this I feel completely confident. Tremendous service, caring, and sincere an overall delight to be served on by.
Omg! Omg! Just ask for Chicken Makhani Delhi Style...they know what to do. Highly recommended all indian diaspora and non Indians alike
My family and I have been frequenting this restaurant for countless times now.  We live in the neighborhood and love the fact that there is an authentic, homely Indian restaurant.  The flavors are also spot on and the portions are just right.  I have to say the manager Victor and all the wait staffs are extremely friendly and go out of their way to make everyone feel very welcome and special.  They would also check to make sure we are satisfied with our meals.  I highly recommend this restaurant for any local people near or far.  Can't wait to go back again and again!!!
Excellent place, the best Indian restaurant my wife and I go to. Everything on the menu is delicious and the service is top notch. We try to go once a week. Brought a couple of friends here and they couldn't believe that the whole experience was so good. Check them out you won't regret it
Delicious food and wonderful service!Contrary to yelp listing, this place is open at 3pm on Sundays. We dined in, our order included: 1.  Indian Masala Tea - Indian Tea with spices, very interesting, flavorful, and unexpected. You have the option to order this with milk or without. Served with  a small metal tea pot. 2. Vegetable Samosa - Two large puff pastries stuffed with potato and peas. These come out crispy on the outside and steaming hot when opened -  inside they are perfectly and lightly spiced with curry. 3. Sambar Soup - This is a lentil soup with vegetables. The broth is tomato based, and it has a nice kick at the end.The soup is very aromatic, and tasted like it was loaded with a variety of spices. It wasn't too heavy, or overwhelmed by lentils. I like heat, i thought it wasn't too spicy. My friend found it spicy. To each their own. 4. Roti - Flat whole wheat bread served warm.  Nice alternative if you want a dairy free bread.5. Queens Tofu Jalfrezi - includes tofu, onions, eggplant, carrots & okra cooked in a tangy tomato based sauce. What I loved about this dish was that it came with tofu, not something you see often on an Indian menu, and perfect for vegans. The tofu is lightly crisp, and medium in firmness. And, that the sauce didn't overwhelm the vegetables. It was a good proportion. The vegetables in this dish are medium firm. 5. Kashmiri Vegetable Korma -  medley of vegetables cooked in almond gravy.  There is also ginger in this dish, which is what really came through in every bite. The almond gravy was delicious, and not griddy.6. Basmati Rice - Nice big portion of rice with peas, excellent portion for the price. We order no alcoholic drinks, didn't see any on the menu. Tea was enough for two to share. The service was excellent, attentive and friendly. The person who took care of us, brought us a sample of the Rasam Soup - Spicy and Tangy! and told us all about their buffet menu, sounds lovely. - On the downside, it was a little chilly inside the restaurant. However the staff were accommodating and turned the heat our way. Looking forward to another visit.
No questions asked the best Indian food I've ever had. I'd go back in a heart beat and anytime I'm in the area I'll be there. I love Indian food and have eaten it all over the country and this is the best. If you like Indian and you're in the area it's a must. We got the Aloo Tikki (chickpeas and potatoes) for an appetizer and went family style for the dinner with coconut rice (so addicting), paneer, chicken tikka masala, spinach keema mutton (lamb and spinach) and of course garlic naan. We polished off everything, absolutely incredible and I can't wait to go back. Just have to decide if I wanna experiment with other dishes or get what I already know is amazing. And it's BYOB, what could be better!?
My second favorite Indian place... I ordered food for take out.. and it was delicious and their customer service was excellent.
There's a serious lack of Indian food in the neighborhood. That being said, aaheli satisfied a need and is actually pretty good!I've only ordered for delivery, which tends to take upwards of 45 min (id say standard for forest hills). Fave dishes include yellow 9th Ave dhal, tandoori chicken, shrimp bhuna (in a coconut curry), eggplant bhurta (akin to a curried babaganoush), and lamb Madras (red curry). The lemon rice is also great as is the garlic naan.Never dined in but I hear there's a lunch buffet on weekends.
Review is for dinner: 4 stars.Naan is amazing. Great chewy texture and baked perfectly. Sheer variety of naan is kind of overwhelming so we went ahead and ordered all of it. Favorite two were the garlic and lamb. Garlic was chewier and more buttery. Lamb naan was dryer but lamb flavor and oilier texture was enough to balance out the dryness of the naan. Went for the karari bhindi, fried okra, appetizer and samosas. Prefer the okra due to it being a bit more unique. Personally I believe it was a bit under flavored (spices were mixed into batter) but lots of sauces on offer. Samosa was really average, wouldn't order it again. Ordered the lamb tikka masala. Meat was flavorful and well cooked and sauce was amazing with all the different naan we ordered.Also ordered the chicken curry. Sauce was equally as amazing with the naan. However the meat was severely overcooked. It was unfortunate since flavor was great.Chicken tandoori was average as well. Same situation due to the over cooked chicken. Flavor was like all other chicken tandoori I ate.Saag paneer was amazing. Right creamy texture and layered flavor of cheese, veggies, garlic and other spices. Great over rice or with the naan. Service was attentive and friendly.Enjoyed dinner so much decided to come back for lunch buffet. Food and service was equally great however many empty trays. Naan is not filled nearly fast enough and the lack of food was just a disappointment. Would continue coming for dinner but will avoid the buffet from now on.
On time delivery. My first time ordering.  Enough food to serve two days.  Chicken Tikka was good but it could have used a slight bit more flavor.  Will try again.
We were on our way there but turned around because they had a B rating.    Unacceptable for any establishment this day and age. Even an A is basic upkeep.....think about that.
This place was Weird. Nobody there when we got there, even though it was the night of a concert at Forest Hills Stadium. Food was good, but my chicken tikka masala was off in terms of the spices such that it was a bit too sweet and not savory enough. Service was attentive, perhaps a little overbearing at times (probably due to us being the only customers the entire 1.5 hours we were there). Decor was...interesting: bright, contrasting, jewel-toned walls, ceiling, and decor. Seeing as it was the only Indian restaurant around, it was good in a pinch but I'm not sure it would be my first choice if I were to return to the neighborhood.
After reading all the reviews, I decided to give this place a try since its getting harder and harder to find authentic Indian food in NYC. I ordered Kadhai Paneer which was served with rice. First thing I noticed is that the quantity that this place gives is much less than other Indian restaurants. I don't really mind less quantity if the food is good tasting but it wasn't. Kadhai Paneer was dry and blend. I felt like I was eating dry Paneer. The food definitely didn't taste like authentic Indian food.
Only one Indian restaurant in forest hills area. Their food is good. But I really don't like how they add coconut to all of their food. Very pricey compared to other restaurants in the area. Seating arrangement is good, staffs r great. Wish they played better music than they do at most times.
The five star rating is because it is a BYOB with good food and service at a reasonable price. We had the onion fritter appetizer, which was huge. The entrees, chicken korma and mushroom matar were very good, the onion stuffed naan was great. The dessert rasmalai was the same as the frozen rasmalai from Patel Brothers Supermarket. Over all a good value in forest hills.
Excellent! Unique menu. Not typical Indian restaurant that serves the same dishes over and over again. We got the Chef's Special sizzling kebab and okra dish. Worth coming back to dine in or ordering takeout. Got a complimentary rice pudding also to top it off!
Cute place, great food and friendly service. Their vegetable samosas MMMmmMMmmmMM
I really enjoyed the food the first two times. Their mulligatawny soup is excellent, but most of the other dishes I tasted were extremely salty and greasy, to the point I couldn't eat my meal the last time I order. The staff is really nice and accommodating.
Finally found delicious Indian food in Forest Hills!Got delivery - chicken tikka masala and Hyderabadi Bagara Baingan - both bomb. We chose "mild" for the spice level but the eggplant was definitely too spicy for my low spice tolerance.Also it came with a HUGE platter of rice!A++++
Lets get this out of the way. There are no Poke'Stops near this place.About the restaurant:The place is fairly new but it's quickly becoming my go to spot for good Indian food. The food is good with lighter and more aromatic flavors than most Indian restaurants I've visited. It is different enough to stand out, but similar enough to satisfy your Indian food fix.The only downside is the mango lassi. Well, it's definitely not the best mango lassi that I've ever had.the lassi is sweet and watery.  But that's a trival thing...unless that's what you're looking for. The vadirty, flavor and quality of food and the service both make up for the lassi.
I went here the other day for dinner for the first time. I was pleasantly surprised with everything. The food was VERY good, reasonably priced and  we also got dessert on the house! The place was clean and service was prompt. I was very happy overall with my experience. If you are looking for really GOOD Indian food at a reasonable price around the area this is your spot. I will def be coming back here.
Their food, I find myself craving often. I'm not the kind of person that can distinguish Indian food eaten and one place versus another - I generally get the same thing. Where Aaheli excels is in service. I'm always welcomed with a great smile, the service staff appears to be sincerely working to ensure we have a great meal and a easy time. We are big on using their BYOB policy - and it's so great to have them eagerly focused on ensuring our wine bottle or beer bottle gets opened promptly.
I went here a couple of nights ago with my parents and the food was amazing. I had the Chicken Tandoori, and it was really good, although the chicken was the slightest bit dry. It also came with a sauce or salad dressing on the side that was great (I poured it on my rice). The decor is very beautiful, as is their menu design. The staff is friendly and patient, and knowledgeable about the food. The food doesn't take very long to come, and they make some awesome Naan. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone in the area!
This review is based on takeout.  I don't normally review a sit down place when I have only gotten takeout but they are new and I want others to try.Chicken Tikka Masala was very good.  I got it mild spicy and it still had a good kick.  The sauce was very thick and perfect for dipping naan into.  The portion was on the smaller side.  Naan - very good Garlic naan - very goodLemon Rice -  ok but had an artificial lemon taste. Samosa - very goodThe place is new and the sign is barely visible but give them a try.  They are really the only Indian place on this side of town.
Delicious meal. I wouldn't say it's very spicy as mentioned by another reviewer. I'd describe the spiciness level as mild but I was told I could request it more spicy or less. Food came out fast and the chicken was soft and tender. I will definitely be coming back and telling my friends.There's a lot that could be said about the food in the neighborhood and this place fits the bill for what was missing, fresh, good portions, healthy and tasty.Some background on the place: this is the second restaurant from the owners. Their other restaurant goes by the same name and is located on 54th st and 9th ave in Manhattan. The restaurant there has been open for 7 years and can only fit about 18 people, so it's always full from what the friendly manager told me.It's refreshing to have a nice new cuisine in this neighborhood that doesn't require a long drive and I have a feeling people will be coming from further away just to eat here.
I ordered 3 naan rooti and it was $3 each. I only received one. So they owe me $6 but I called and spoke to the manager and they could not deliver my missing food or return my money. And the food was disgusting. my husband vomited afterwords. And it was all vegetarian food. Like how can someone make vegetables  so bad that vegetarians vomit? Also I was very unsatisfied with the way manager handled this situation. As if I was waisting his time and he was very rude. DO NOT ORDER from This place.
The Spices used are suttle.BEST Indian Food in QueensCooked to order. Excellent Service.10.95 BUFFET 7 days a week from 12:00- 3:00 pm
Food is good! Not the best Indian food I have had but it's satisfactory. I am glad that an Indian restaurant finally opened in the neighborhood!
This place is perfect. Zero complaints. Very homey with one waiter but yet excellent service. Good food, reasonable priced and byob! Love love this place
Great local authentic Indian food. Many options to choose from. Pleasant wait staff and Indian feel.
Aaheli has got to be one of the top 10 Indian places in the area, if not in all of Queens. Seriously... this is definitely a hidden gem!I've been here twice, both for the lunch buffet and I have not yet been disappointed. For just $11, you have a variety of curry to choose from: saag paneer, chicken tikka masala, chana masala, but most of all, LAMB CURRY. An $11 lunch buffet and you get LAMB CURRY? Most of the other Indian buffet places I go to only serve chicken (b/c they are cheap) but not this place. The restaurant itself is small and FILLED with tables so be prepared to work on your maneuvering skills. Service is great-- constant water refills are always necessary when eating something so heavy like curry. I have yet to try any of the food from the regular menu so I can't give them 5 stars. But so far from what I've seen, this place deserves a very special place in my heart.
Desi butter chicken is my favorite. Been here a few times and I've never looked back. The service has definitely gotten better, which is great because it shows that they're learning what works and what doesn't. Now back to that chicken. I love anything with butter and chicken so naturally I'm totally in love with their Desi Butter Chicken. I normally like it medium spicy. Not very spicy because that takes away from the other flavors of the dish. The non spicy option would just be too boring. Anyway, great food, better service, not ridiculously expensive. What's not to love?
I wish I could give this place more stars but alas I was pretty disappointed. Ordered pickup for dinner: chicken tikka masala and chicken curry and was excited to dig inn.Pros:- service is friendly- the place looks nice and cleanCons:- taste of food did not meet standard. Both on my orders were made with chicken breasts which prob contributed to the lack of taste. Chicken tikka masala was very very very dry and a tad too sweet. Chicken curry was ok but lacked the umph and flavor. I wondered for a second if the food was made by an Indian chef or a non-indian chef's version of Indian good. - portion very small! paid about $15 each for chk tikka masala and chkn curry. Took it out of the bag and realized it was packaged in a small pint size container! For $15 I'd expect a larger portion. Conclusion. Unless you don't want to venture a few minutes further for Indian food then you're better off going somewhere else. There are tons of other Indian restaurants that are sooo much better.
The food is a hit and miss. I got the Chicken Tikka Masala. The sauce is creamy and delicious but the chicken is a little too dry. This dish would be perfect if maybe the chicken was simmered in the sauce longer so that it wouldn't be too dry. My friend ordered the Chicken Biryani. I didn't like it. The cloves didn't go well with the dish. I can't see us ordering this again.  The coconut rice was the best thing we ordered. It had a strong coconut taste. For the price you pay you get a lot of rice that's good for a group of 3-4 people. My other friend had the Chicken Naan. It had bit size pieces of chicken in it. Our group liked it a lot. It's very flavorful. The atmosphere is nice. Service is good. I wouldn't mind going back because it's very close to where I live. But if I were to live in another town I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
I hosted my son's Bday party here. The staff victor and the chef were really helpful and friendly. The food and hospitality was reAlly nice and the food was authentic and was yumm without too much cream and butter .
Yelpers, you've let me down. I came expecting the best Indian in Queens and was disappointed. We ordered the chicken curry (listed as "must try" on their menu), the typical chicken tikka masala and regular naan. All were lacking the usual Indian spices. The naan was soft and fluffy but tasted like white bread. Both curries were watery and bland- there was no kick. The chicken was dry. Plus, it's more expensive than a typical Indian restaurant. I hate giving out negative reviews but I didn't feel it warranted the high ratings on Yelp. Maybe they were having an off night but I dont think I'll be back.
We found a little hole in the wall Indian restaurant called Aaheli. We ordered Lamb Korma and the meat had a beautiful texture which was moist and tender. The sauce was a different version from what we are used to which contained coconut and it was superb. We also ordered filet of fish with red curry which was fantastic. The owners are wonderful people as well. We will be back.
I ordered food for the third time from this place for delivery. They took my order at 7pm. At 8pm they called me and told me I love too far and they can't deliver my food that I starved for and waited a hour hour for.... I will never order from here again.
Excellent Indian food!  Vegetable box for lunch is affordable and tasty.  Mushroom matar, Ghobi Bhuna, and Eggplant Bhartha are all must tries.  Customer service is also excellent.  Would definitely recommend!!
I so wanted to like this place but unfortunately I didn't. Ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and was very disappointed. Chicken was extremely dry and the sauce had absolutely no flavor...straight up tomato sauce! Maybe they were having an off day but I don't plan on coming back here anytime soon.
The Forest Hills area is really lacking in terms of Indian food so I was really excited when this place opened up. I have ordered take out as well as eaten in the restaurant for the lunch buffet.They use white meat for their chicken dishes and the spice level (both in terms of flavor and in terms of heat) was not enough, bordering on bland, especially because I've been lucky enough to have had real home cooked Indian food through my friends and colleagues. The lunch buffet is not worth it in my opinion. There wasn't much of a selection, I'd rather go to Floral Park or Jackson Heights area for buffet, where I can have goat, lamb, chicken, fish, and numerous vegetarian options for the same price. The restaurant is clean and the food tasted okay, but I will not be returning. The price are also a bit high for the food.
There aren't many options for Indian food in this area, and we were very happy to see Aaheli appear. We came for the $11 lunch buffet, which is offered 7 days a week. I was worried that the food would be too spicy for my wife and 4-year old (who has never eaten Indian food before). But we found that chicken tikka masala was very mild and my kid loved it!There were some spicier options including a lamb dish and a spinach dish, (all of them tasty) and if you want them hotter you can choose from a selection of hot sauces.The service was very good. The waiter came to check on us regularly and the owner too!The restaurant is small but the atmosphere is nice, with good lighting and paintings on the walls. One thing that is odd is the restaurant's sign has been installed on top of the sign of the previous restaurant that occupied the space, I assume they'll replace it eventually.We're looking forward to coming back here again!
I had takeout from here last week.  Indian Food is always so deceiving with their portions.  They look so tiny in the container, but once you start to eat it, you realize it's a lot of food! I am a vegan and was super happy to see how many vegetable options there were.  I had the Buhna Gobi which was cauliflower in some sort of spicy delicious sauce.  I have had this dish at other restaurants and while it was not my favorite, it was still very tasty and I would certainly order from here again!
I have eaten here twice now. I came for their buffet one day and was one of the only people there. I found the sauces to all be very good but the chicken was all over cooked. The vegetarian dishes were ok but not mind blowing (they don't usually blow my mind though). The naan was old so I feel like I couldn't really judge how it would be if it were fresh.Tonight I ordered take out and tried the chicken korma. Again the sauce was great, a good amount of spice without over powering the dish. The chicken was again a little on the dry side. Rice was cooked perfectly and the naan was very hard/dry. We also ordered lamb vindaloo. This was for my husband who came home late. He was really excited about it until he cut into it and realized it was chicken. Well I sure paid for lamb. Super frustrating. Too late to call for a correction so I guess I'm just out $3 and a night of disappointment. Overall it could be better. I thought it was a little pricey especially for the quality... Hoping to find something better nearby.
I've been here at least half a dozen times now, and the food and service are always superb. Most recently, my valentine and I wanted a delicious yet low-key Valentine's Day dinner, so we brought our own bottle of wine and headed for Aaheli. We ordered the following (unfortunately, I don't know all of the actual names of the courses): eggplant appetizer, shrimp appetizer, spinach with potato and cauliflower entree, chicken tikka masala, and kulfi for dessert. Once again, a fantastic experience - pleasant service, tasty food, an inviting ambiance, and all at a great $ price! We are true fans of Aaheli, and it sure beats any of the fancier places we used to go to in Manhattan.
We love this place and try to come once a week. The buffet options are great and since the weather has chilled, they've started to serve a soup that is great.  The lunch buffet is available seven days a week. There are at least two options for vegetarians so that makes me happy. For dinner- It gets busy after 7 pm, so we try to get there early. The staff is attentive and accommodating. I've tried many of their menu items from the lunch buffet so it is easier to order from the dinner menu. Some great choices: the chefs special fish fry.  Fried okra. Dosha. Curried fish. Tandoori chicken. Biryanis. The one complaint that I have is that their mango lassi is not that good. It is sweet and watery.
New place in Forest Hills. My Indian bestie dragged me here because she was so excited to see an Indian place pop up. She loves the Manhattan branch and thought this one would be good too - and it is.I got the $10.95 lunch buffet with this amazing soup that tastes like a lighter tomato bisque. The chicken tikka masala and spinach were amazing, as expected (they're my fave Indian dishes). The owner is also super nice and greets everyone  individually. He was so adamant about my friend trying the soup and his other vegetarian dishes (even though she ordered the paneer tikka masala and not the buffet) that he made her a small plate of different dishes (lentils and chickpeas, okra, and spinach) for her to try. It was adorable and super friendly.   can't beat the service or food here!
Review is for DELIVERY service only. Why 2 stars? The delivery took 1.5 hours to arrive. Person who took my order said 45 minutes. Food was just OK though. Butter Chicken was a little too soupy and the pieces of chicken had bones in it (which I have never encountered at any other Indian restaurant) I also order Palak with Chickpea, Lamb Briyani and a Rasmali (which was warm because it was in a bag of hot food for quite a while) total delivery order for all items was about 50 bucks. Was it worth it? No. The wait was too long though and I had to call back twice. They knew they were late with my order and should have called me back to ensure my order was OK and to apologize again. My recommendation is to avoid delivery. I would go back to dine in though for buffet.
there's a dire shortage of good Indian food in the Forest Hills area. that's finally fixed with Aaheli, which is an expansion of the Aaheli that's been in the Theater District for several years.the bhajis, fried onion fritters, are not soggy or greasy but perfectly crispy. thusfar I've only gotten lamb dishes from here, and while the lamb madras is good, the lamb kadai gosht is the real knockout dish. perfectly spicy, savory, and flavorful.there's a lunch buffet that we've yet to try but sounds promising for 11 bucks. I think I saw a sign saying that it's BYOB too.service is friendly and prices are fair.they close between 3 and 5, so if you get an early dinner, it may take a while but the food is guaranteed fresh, so it's totally worth it.we need good Indian in Forest Hills, and it's nice to see something much-needed open up in the sleepier residential section of the hood. Aaheli is awesome!
One of my favorite casual restaurant in the area. The buffet is so affordable with well seasoned and balanced food (lamb, spinach, tandoori, naan, rice, eggplants,etc.). Nothing is too saucy or creamy, which allows you to enjoy the flavor of the ingredients. The service is the warmest and most genuine in the area. And I even got to try some of the new flavor combination and snacks I never tried in other American Indian buffets. It's not a big selection, but it will give you a big smile and some surprises from time to time.
I love this place fresh herbs very Clean chicken totally amazing some of the best Indian I've had
Excellent fresh food which was well seasoned. Good service.  BYOB. THis was my first visit and I plan to be back ASAP!  A Great addition to the area!
Aaheli recently opened their second store, this one in the sleepier part of Forest Hills.  The restaurant occupies a small space with a large dining area and kitchen in the back.  The food is incredibly good.  It is spicy, tasty, and just plain delicious.  Support a new local business and chow down on some tasty, and again SPICY food.
At first glance it looks like just another hole in the wall type of joint. But when you get inside it's actually very nice. The owner makes the best use of the space that they have. The buffet is yummy and they do their best to make sure the customer is satisfied. We came in about a half hour before their buffet closed. I expected to be eating leftovers. But when we got there the staff did their best. The naan and tandoori chicken was all out so they made a fresh batch just for us.
My girlfriend and I have been going to this restaurant regularly for the past few months. The buffet is great, and they always have different dishes so there is always a surprise. Their naan is fantastic (especially the garlic one!) and it is very affordable. Most important, we always feel comfortable as the staff always do their best to make you feel at home!
This place just opened up. The food is absolutely amazing. Fresh. Tender. All really good. Their aloo tikka has a different spin than other Indian places. Must try. No disappointments and will be back for more!
Some of the best Indian food I've had in NY, if not the best, and the service was amazing. Nothing fancy in terms of decor, and no liquor; but there's a liquor store right in the next block if you'd like to BYOB.
Had a splendid dinner here the other night. Everything was really fresh. Started with potato fritters and tawa shrimp...both were very delicious. Kashmiri and garlic naans and were fantastic. Shared entrees of chicken chettinad and shrimp malabar were greatly enjoyed. Definitely will return to this place.
Pretty good stuff here. I actually love their selection. Food is excellent. My only gripe is that delivery is very slow. Since I'm around the corner it's best for me to pick up. But my rating is based off the food and I have no complaints. Almost as good if not maybe better than Haveli :) yum!
Delivery was pretty good. Experience at restaurant: Waitress told me what I should order (chicken korma) and when I ordered what I actually wanted (mild chicken tikka masala MILD), it somehow came out spicier than I've ever had in my life.The person taking the delivery order was very patient and cordial. Got my order exactly right. The food came within 40-50 minutes. Total was about $25 for naan, chicken tikka masala, rice, and samosas. Since the food was pretty good from the delivery order I placed, we decided to try it in person. It was a slow weeknight and the restaurant is pretty average-looking. Now let's get to the nitty gritty: the waitress. Not very friendly or anything, but I really don't care about all of that as long as my order comes out right and in a timely manner. Well, she was ZERO on all of the above. Ms. Waitress took my fiancé's order and didn't question or suggest or even much care. She got to me and I ordered what I order at every single Indian restaurant that I go to (at least once per month): "Chicken tikka masala, mild." Ms. Waitress then told me that that dish might be too spicy for me. I explained to her that I ordered the same exact thing two weeks before and it was perfectly fine. She then proceeded to tell me I "should order Chicken korma because it's not too spicy." Look, I totally understand that when most Indians see a white girl trying to figure out what to order at an Indian restaurant, they will politely suggest something...I totally appreciate and respect that. However, I had made it pretty clear that this was not my first time ordering from this place and I liked how they make the mild version of the dish. She reiterated that I would be better off with the other dish, but shrugged her shoulders and walked away. I was still cool with all of this and in a positive mood. Even when I got the food and it was soooo hot that I could barely tolerate it, I was still trying to make the best of it. When we were finished eating, Ms. Waitress decided to ask us how everything was. At which point, I explained to her that my previous experience with this dish was not nearly as hot and .... She completely interrupted me and told me that she "told" me I "should have ordered the other dish." Believe it or not, I was still not that upset, but the elderly couple stared at her with what looked like complete shock. What was even more shocking was that she actually asked me if I wanted her to have them make it less spicy - I thought she said the dish was too spicy to begin with? Why didn't she just tell them to make it mild to begin with? *sigh* I think the final straw was (for my fiancé actually, not even for me) was when he asked to take his leftovers and Ms. Waitress brought over a styrofoam container and a bag and just leaned over his shoulder and dropped it on the table lol So, we just payed our bill and hauled ass out of there never to return.
We ordered kadai paneer, dal maharani and lamb biryani. The first 2 items came with rice and biryani with tiny quantity of yoghurt (total $37). Delivery took about half an hour on a weekday. The food was good and honestly no reason to complain! The portions are not as big as other Indian joints but it is definitely sufficient for two people.
Love this place and food! Affordable and great taste.
Bottom Line........longer review to follow....Decor: bright and cheery, clean, clean bathrooms, door will not close freezing if seated by door. Host:  took forever to seat us, ignored us Waitress:  appeared to be only one so host took our order. Took 15-20 minutes to take order. Had to ask twice for flat bread.Food:  delicious, great spices, perfect amount of heat. We did a Yelp search to find Indian food close by. When we walked in we waited for a good while before anyone acknowledged we were there. Out of the approx 12 tables there were only four with people sitting at them.  Eventually seated and given menus, it took 15-20 minutes for anyone to come to our table to take our order.  We were on the verge of leaving when the hostess/waiter finally came over. He did apologize for taking so long and took our order. We asked the complimentary bread but it never came. While we were waiting for our food one table got up and left after being ignored. Food finally came after 35-45 minutes. One order was forgotten. Food was great. Recommendation: take out don't eat in.
Great food and great service! I took my mom for a midweek lunch here and we had the buffet. We also ordered the tandoori chicken lunch box to take home to my dad. The service was really excellent- Joseph (the manager, I think?) introduced himself, and brought out fresh rice, naan, and tandoori chicken to our table. (We also had pakora, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, and mixed vegetables- all tasty!) The restaurant itself is small but really pretty. It was great, and we'll definitely be going back.
Where to begin..First off, my family is from Bangladesh so I know what true authentic "Indian" cuisine taste like. I haven't had it in years due to my grandfather passing away - he was the tie between family here in the US and Bangladesh. This food brought me back to my grandfathers house. The lamb tikki masala is BANGIN and the chicken curry has such a nice blend of spices. This place is very under budget. You get a ton of food for such a good price. I'm surprised their plates aren't priced higher. So happy this place opened within walking distance to my apartment. Will definitely be returning soon! Thank you for such a wonderful experience.
Went there for the first time. Very good food and staff. Felt like being at a friend's home. Tried chicken biryani - big serving; chicken korma - was missing almonds which the dish had at other places but still delicious; eggplant with spices in coconut sauce - a new favorite but I wish had more eggplant; and mango lassi. Even got a complimentary dessert. Spice level of dishes can be adjusted. Will try lunch buffet one of these days.
My family and I love this place. Everything I've ever ordered here has been delicious. The staff is extremely nice and gracious. We most recently went on a Saturday night and each person in our party of 5 ordered something different to share. Every dish was elaborately prepared and fantastic. They even brought us complimentary appetizers and desserts. I love Indian food and this is my favorite outside of India.
Loved loved loved this place! I had been craving Indian for a while and saw this new place opened up so decided to try it. We got there around 6pm on a Sunday and were the only ones there. I'm guessing not many people know about it yet? Either way we didn't mind being the only ones in the restaurant. The place itself is small & cozy. Service was great. They went out of their way to make us happy. My 6 year old nephew (an extremely picky eater) thought the chicken masala was too spicy (it probably wasn't, hes just a pain) so they made a brand new dish for him. We didn't think it was necessary but they insisted on making something new for him. This showed they really want to go above & beyond to keep their clientele happy. All in all everything we got was delicious and will definitely be back some time soon!!
The good news is that while the stated delivery minimum was a bit on the healthy side, the restaurant didn't stand firm on that.  The initial delivery was prompt and the food arrived hot.We ordered a lamb biryani, kashmiri naan and the kheer.The biryani traveled well.  It was attractive and pleasing to the nose, with bold use of cloves and a garnish that included coriander.  The seasoning in the biryani and the kheer was very prominent.  Over the top, at least to us.  I think that someone who is a smoker will probably think it is spot-on.  Raita was included and was fine.The naan, fresh though it may have been, was a huge failure.  It is advertised as "stuffed with raisins, nuts & cherry."  When we opened it, it looked so much like a slightly under-cooked garlic naan that we didn't even taste it.  We called the restaurant and complained that the wrong naan was delivered.Over an hour later the replacement naan was delivered, cold.  And it looked identical.  Hmmm.  So we smelled it.  Slightly sweet.  Tasted it.  Slightly sweet.  Seems we screwed up a little.  But in our humble defense, an honest mistake when the two or three small golden raisins blend into the nuts inside the naan and there wasn't the tiniest smattering of cherry to be seen anyplace.And really, 63 minutes to deliver some naan??
I am eating out at Indian restaurants all the time and this has been my only bad experience so far. Everything we ordered was extremely salty to the point that it was not edible. They tried to fix it in  vain.
Excellent food and service. Better than Jackson Diner! Chicken pieces are juicy and tender. All ingredients are very fresh and portions are generous. Service is very attentive and courteous. I could do without the plastic flowers.
Food was delicious and service was prompt and attentive (5:30 on a Saturday). Ordered a dosa masala, chicken tikka masala, and lamb rogan josh. The garlic naan and plain naan were a perfect match for the rich sauces. Cozy little neighborhood place.
Don't eat here!!! This was probably one of the worst dining experiences ever. We were seated at the last available table and not given menus for 20 minutes. We finally ordered and were brought over cooked and greasy samosas after 30 minutes.  After an hour of waiting I went to pay for the samosas and was told to wait five more minutes and our dinner would be out. We left after an hour and 15 minutes without dinner. A young woman chased after us in the street saying they don't want people to leave without eating and kept telling us to stay. How embarrassing to do this in the street.  Just a horrible experience
I've been to many Indian restaurants but nothing comes close to Aaheli! their food is very tasty and fresh. I tried their all you can eat buffet and was blown away! they also have another location in the city in 826 ninth avenue between 54&55. if you want to try real Indian food then look no further than Aaheli. make sure to try their Alo matar vegetarian dish. I am not a vegetarian i love eating chicken and lamb but ironically Alo Matar has become my favorite dish, its so creamy and tasty. move over Jackson heights!!! Aaheli has arrive to queens and it set the bar high.
This is a review for delivery and food quality only.After over 90 minutes of waiting I called to check the status of my order and they claimed that I had received the order. Obviously a mistake on the part of the delivery guy but the waitstaff hung up and said she'd call back. She calls back and insinuates that I might be lying about receiving the food (Why the heck would I want to order the same thing shortly after receiving it???) and promptly hangs up again after saying she'd investigate further. A few minutes pass and I call back and her opening line is "Oh you didn't get the food yet?"... Is that a joke? Why else would I call? She again insinuates that I might be some kind of grifter and so I tell her to just have her delivery guy take a picture of the building he delivered to. Unless he has a StarTac he's got a camera on his phone, that way they can just match up with an image from google maps street view and there mystery solved. Then she blusters for a moment and tells me to just wait 20 minutes and hangs up.The food finally arrives (Kashimiri Korma and Sabji Saag Malai with extra rice and Naan) brought by a different delivery guy (I'm guessing the original delivery man was lost somewhere in the ether with the original order). The restaurant calls to confirm and offers apologies and NOTHING else. No refund of tip put in by card, no extra slice of naan, perhaps a napkin in the bag? Nope, just "Sorry your food took 2 hours and we accused you of grifting, bye."Fine, I can deal with shoddy customer service if the food is up to snuff but holy heaping heck. The saag malai was so bland I wanted to cry as I forced it down. I took a few bites and dumped it. The Korma just tasted like straight up coconut milk straight out of the can with a few sad chunks of lamb floating around in it.How is this place still in business? I know we don't have much of a choice but at least we have Haveli and their customer service is on point. If you're craving indian on a night in just forget this place even exists and explore ANY other option.
This place is a hidden gem located on Yellowstone Blvd. situated away from the hustle and bustle of Austin Street. My husband and I are so glad this place opened up because now we don't have to go far for great Indian food! Tonight I ordered the tandoori chicken and my husband had the chicken tikka masala. Both dishes were great! The portions were very generous. The tandoori chicken was not dry at all and the chicken tikka masala sauce was flavorful and delicious! The garlic naan was sizeable and fresh. The service was amazing and the owner came by numerous times to see how we were doing and to learn what our thoughts were on the food. They even gave us complementary rice pudding at the end of the meal! To top it all off we found out this place is BYOB! We will definitely be back to try their buffet!
We had ordered online from Aaheli several times previously, and the food was OK (some dishes better than others), but, based on their conduct tonight, I don't recommend them. Our order was placed at 8pm, and confirmed by the restaurant via text message at 8:03pm. A full hour and 15 minutes later, we received a call from the restaurant, informing us that we are located out of their delivery range, and they could not deliver the order. The owner/manager said their delivery person refused. He said we could come and pick up the order, or he could cancel it. I told him that we were not able to pick up the order (which was the truth), and that  my children had been waiting a long time for their dinner. I told him that, if they were going to cancel the order, they should have done so when it was received and confirmed, not an hour and 15 minutes later. He told me that the cook began preparing the order and no one looked at the address. He then offered to deliver it to us...but not for another hour! I then informed him that it was, at that point, 9:24, and my children had been waiting for their dinner for nearly an hour and a half, and it was not possible to make hungry kids wait for another hour to eat. If he had called immediately and told us that they no longer deliver to our address, that would have been fine. But after making us wait for that long, they should have just delivered the order (even if it meant sending their delivery guy in a taxi), and then adjusted their range online.Then, the owner/manager told me that we had tried to order before and he canceled the order because it was outside of their range. There was one time that they did call after we placed an order, but then they agreed to deliver to us. We have successfully placed three orders, which were confirmed and delivered, before tonight. I told him that we had proof of this in our online order history, and he continued to lie and say they had never delivered to us before. It's bad enough that they canceled the order after keeping us and our children waiting for such a long time before calling, but to then insistently lie to us about something so easily disproved?Bad customer service is one thing, but blatant lying is another. And, especially given that I told them I had records of several past orders from them having been delivered, it's just stupid.
This new eatery opened last Monday in the space formerly occupied by a terrible kosher  Bukharian place that itself displaced the old Italian stand-by Da Silvana (opened in 1984) after that restaurant staggered after a change of ownership and an ill-advised renovation.  Decent local Indian in our neighborhood would be a welcome novelty, especially since Haveli and the late unmourned Baluchi's were absolutely terrible, no good, awful. Happily, it looks like Aaheli might deliver the complete package of goods.  And it's BYOB.So far, I've eaten there four times.  The first time was at a complementary buffet at the opening party, after I watched the Hindu priests bless the location with incense and a thrown coconut.  They served chicken makhani, chickpea masala, spinach with potatoes.  It was okay, but I was not convinced.  The second time was last Wednesday for a late lunch. I ordered a masala dosa, a bowl of spicy lentil tomato soup called rasam, and enjoyed the authentic tastes of south India very much -- the dosa was better than those served at the Temple Canteen in Flushing, and very artfully presented.  The soup was very spicy, but very pleasant with mustard seeds, curry leaves, and solid tomato flavor.The third time was last Sunday night, where I went with my boss and our wives, and ate a masala dosa, a delicious mulligatawny soup (with a little cream in with the spicy pea broth, sambar lentil soup, tandoori chicken, chicken chettinad (with a buttery black pepper sauce), spinach paneer, and a vegetable quarama.  It was fantastic.  The chettinad was piney-spicy-hot, like a good Sichuan pepper dish without the chilies, where the burn ends and leaves you salivating for more.  The vegetarian dishes were perfectly prepared and delicately seasoned, and the tandoori chicken was very well cooked (thighs), but a tadge too salty. I took a tandoori lunch box out on Monday, and the vegetable quarama and the dal were excellent accompaniment to the generous portion of chicken. The naan bread, as it was every time before, was fresh, hot and a perfect tool to wipe up sauce.As they shake down their service, they should get even better, and hopefully not screw up running credit cards for diners' checks as they did ours on Sunday.  But all was made well, and we will definitely go back for more.Finally!
Enjoyed yet another spectacularly on point delicious dinner last night Aaheli indian Cuisine on the South side of Yellowstone Blvd. My son is visiting from California + our fav cousin going back home to Africa in a few days - we are all big fans of Indian food, hubby is British. We all agree that it's 1 of THE best Indian food experiences we've ever had in the US. Aaheli food + spicing (seasoning) is really delicious, extremely well crafted....you can ask for the heat level you are comfortable with - we like it mildly hot but I am referring to the seasoning when I say spicing. Lots of cardamom, fresh slivers of cinnamon, mustard seed, ginger, curry leaves, cumin seed, & more at the talented hands of their chef is a party 4 your mouth.Folks this place is newish + needs some love & support - It's a bit of an out of the way location~ a 10 minute walk from Queens Blvd down Yellowstone, past 112th Police Station,  or  FH street parking.The prices are not cheap at 1st glance they even seem a bit high but for the portion size & QUALITY of the food - quite reasonable & totatlly worth it.Some of the dishes we recommend - and I have no skin in the game so to speak except that we really want them to succeed & stay around Forest Hills - We are long time fans of their Manhattan Location too. So nice to have them close by!Our all time favorite dish -SHRIMP MALABAR!!! - it's a coconut based sauce with mustard seeds, ginger, and .... oh - it's the sauce of my dreams!  altho you can get this dish with chicken, the shrimp adds a dimension of taste to the sauce which makes it a must for us.Saag Paneer - Great Vegetarian Dish! Homemade spinach gravy (sauce) w/homemade Indian cheese - again seasoning is on point + 1 of the best I have ever tasted. Also available w/chicken or lamb instead of cheese.Lamb Pepper Fry - Delish! with tender chunks of lamb + chunky tomato/pepper sauce w/great seasoning.Dahl Maharani - resistied ordering this on our first few visits - my cousin, who has traveled extensively in India kept wanting to try it - most dal I've tasted in Indian restaurants has been a fairly plain like lentil soup. Had it last night  &were blown away by the seasonings - it includes some other pulses maybe kidney beans - so good, healthy +delicious!!Masala Dosa - An oversized thin lentil crepe stuffed with curried mashed potato - it's become a very popular southern Indian dish here in the US over the past 5-10 years. this is one of the best versions I've tasted in the US. Chicken Makhani & Desi Butter Chicken - haven't tried these in yet in FH but often ordered  in Manhattan - very suitable for those who like seasoning but not hot spices!Biryanis- seasoned rice dishes loaded with taste and texture - again some of the best restaurant examples we've experienced. We had the chicken biryani last night and while the chicken was good - it was the rice that was the star of the dish. Even their plain basmati rice is done perfectly!Bharwan Okra - another spectacular vegetarian dish - and a crispy version of okra that many who complain about okra's "slimy" texture might enjoy better than a more typical preparation. It does come exactly as described on the menu AND make sure to stress NOT SPICY unless you love heat but it's so well seasoned and different from most dishes at other Indian restaurants. That's one of the things I love about Aaheli - they have many of the standard offerings one sees in Indian restaurants but they also have a nice selection of unique offerings!! another great Okra dish is HYDERABADI BAGARA BAINGAN with a coconut based sauce (most likely southern Indian)Queens Tofu Jalfrezi - Nice tangy seasonings and again, while typically Jalfrezi sauce is very spicy hot, ask for the spice level you are comfortable with....Bhartha - roasted eggplant puree in a tomato based sauce - very tasty (new to us dish) we enjoyed last night - The naan is hot, fresh &delish- Tried Kashmiri naan last night &while good will stick to the plain naan or try a garlic one next time. In the 90's I worked with Bombay Palace, &  I still dream of their Kashmiri naan, stuffed with coconut, cashews + dried cherries... sadly this version didn't come close& was the closest thing to a miss we've experienced @ Aaheli.Tandoori Lamb Chops and Tandoori chicken are moist and tender and a good choice for those who prefer less seasoning or who are worried about the spicing and seasonings.There are some great appetizers too - one of our favorites is the sliced eggplant "chips" with tamarind saucedesserts - we've tried both the Ras Malai - which is the homemade paneer cheese in a milky rosewater scented custard sauce - which is fabulous/ our fav & Kheer Rice pudding also tasty. We are usually stuffed but my cousin insists on the RasMalai anyway, so one order and 3-4 spoons.
The food was amazing! came in hot and fresh, and the taste was authentic. I loved their brinjal dish and look forward to ordering from them again.
Great new restaurant in the neighborhood. Went for the lunch buffet today and it was very tasty. Place was clean and the restaurant owner/workers were very friendly. Will come back again.
This place is a hit or a miss. I've probably ordered 20 times and dined in 5 or 6 times. We are always weary how the order will turn out. It's definitely a gamble. Once I got a really liquidy gouey bhelpuri (which is supposed to be dry and tangy), when questioned, it wasn't done by the chef, it was done by a new waiter in haste and they didn't care. Their Hyderabadi Baigan and chicken Punjabi style pink curry are the best but again, a hit or a miss. Unfortunately, they hardly have any competition in birds eye view. Sometimes their crispy okra appetizer is fully burnt and that's what they deliver. I swear, I am not lying. They can learn from places like "godavari Hicksville" or "delhi6 hillside" how Indian food really tastes like. I am Indian btw, and their food is a crapshoot. Worth taking a chance.
Mixed feelings about this place. Plates and water glasses were a little dirty, as were the cushions on our seats. I ordered the chicken curry- good amount of spice without overpowering the dish, as others have said the sauce was very good. Bf ordered the chicken vindaloo, I think he was a little disappointed in the overall flavor. They allowed us a half order of a vegetable which I appreciated, and gave us a complimentary rice pudding dessert (also appreciated). Rice is not included in the price of the dish, so add on 3$ to entree prices. Overall I'm not sure I would come back.
Went here for lunch because it was raining, we were looking for someplace good and local and this seemed to fit the bill....until we ate the food.The decor is nothing to write home about and has a really cheap feel about it but we sauntered in. There was only one other couple eating lunch, but we took a chance as it was pouring out and thought this is what kept the other diners away. After all...it has 4 stars on here. Right.Everyone online said to get the buffet and so we did. We have eaten at numerous wonderful Indian restaurants on Long Island, NY and we were accustomed to great buffets. Too bad what we got was fairly inedible.The Chicken Tikka Marsala tasted of Ketchup and the chicken itself was so hard as to be inedible and really quite awful. Many pieces were loaded with heavy hard to chew fat. The chicken marsala was likewise hard as a rock and very salty. In fact...all their food tasted like an entire shaker of salt was "accidentally" placed in the food. The food was so bad.... we tried to eat it and actually couldn't. The other buffet items were equally gross. Not only not four stars...but being generous at one star. This place is horrible. Don't eat here if you know anything about food.
The food is amazing. If quality and quantity is your thing with amazing flavors I recommend coming here!! The service is outstanding it's never disappointing. The food is always fresh the environment is also very family friendly.
I have ordered few times from this place since it opened. I usually order vegetarian and it's pretty good. Last week, I decided to try the meat dishes. Something was totally off. The chicken kabab had more garlic in it than chicken. It was awful. The garlic taste was overwhelming! Needless to say, I will stick with the vegetable dishes.
Best Indian food in Forest Hills! The staff are friendly and accommodating. I highly recommend the lunch buffet, it's a really good value for $10.95. Favorite dishes include: lamb curry, onion bhajis, eggplant fritters, and chicken tikka masala.
Been looking for a go-to Indian restaurant in Forest Hills.  Was happy I came across this. Friendly staff, great food, will be back soon. Try the lamb stuffed naan.  Incredible.
I have ordered delivery so many times from Aaheli - the chicken vindaloo is sooooo good! And the food always arrives so hot.
What a terrific find. This local gem has absolutely first rate food and service at reasonable prices. The expansive menu is filled with a variety of choices, all of consistently high quality.
Even though it took a long time to order our food delivery items over the phone the gentleman was very nice. We ordered the paneer Makhani, chicken masala, samosa's and raita, mango chutney and naan. Not only did The paneer makhani, chicken masala and samosa's arrive RIDICULOUSLY salty to the point we could not even eat our food past the second bite after giving it another shot. Even though they were nice on the phone they said they would replace it but they only replaces my paneer makhani and not my husbands tikka masala or the samosa's. Honestly..even tho they replaced my paneer makhani but it tasted the same and still wast edible. It's like they prepare their sauces wel in advance and O.D on trying to preserve them. Gordon Ramsey where is you?!
What a great find.   Food was great and service matched.  10.99 all you can eat buffet which was amazing.  Do not leave without having the best rice pudding you have ever had.  The buffet was stocked with a variety of all your Indian favorites.  And they brought out hot nan when i sat down.  A real find.
My girlfriend and I were very fortunate to be the first customers when they opened a few months ago. We had rose petals thrown on us when we walked in and awkward hugs when we left. The food is awesome. We've been back a few times since and are customers for life. I have not had better Indian food anywhere in the area, and every dish has been excellent.
We've only gotten delivery so far, but plan to order again ASAP.  Got a lamb korma, a lamb biryani, veggie samosas, garlic naan, and a mango lassi.  These guys really take it to the next level.  Everything was very well made and flavorful, even things that tend to be bland in other restaurants.  We went kinda safe on this first order, but can't wait to dive into some of their other offerings.
We've ordered from here twice now and it's nice that they deliver all the way down to us near forest hills high school so that's cool.  Staff seems nice and helpful.  The first time we ordered we got okra masala, butter chicken, garlic naan, raitha and mango chutney!  The okra was very yummy but the butter chicken was extremely salty!!  The okra was also overly salty but not as much as the butter chicken.  This time we ordered chicken tikka masala, chicken and corn soup, papadam, garlic naan, mango lassi and raitha.  Again I really thought the chicken tikka was incredibly salty!!!  Otherwise the taste was very nice.  The soup had like no salt which I much preferred!  The mango lassi came in a pint container and was awesome!  Huge amount so I drank it over a couple days.  I know that when you eat out your health is at the hands of the chef but I really hope this place starts using less salt, it's just really not necessary!  It's curries would taste great without it.
I got lunch buffet is very good. The food is incredibly good. The service was amazing and the owner came by numerous times to see how we were doing and to learn what our thoughts were on the food.
Too expensive for portion size.  They need to offer lunch deals.  $32 for lunch for one person is too much.  One shrimp app and portion is palm size (maybe 5 pieces of the small shrimp), chicken tikka masala with 5 cubes chicken in small container.  It comes with rice but they charge extra for naan.  Come up with some combo deals.
So I gave this place 2 more tries and big difference. The quality food was much better and one time I did the lunch buffet that was pretty excellent.
This unassuming little restaurant opened up a block away from my apartment. It occupies the space left by a kosher restaurant named Pomegranate that never really got off the ground (and wasn't open on the one rainy late-night Saturday that I tried to patronize it). My husband and I decided we would check out Aaheli on a weeknight and...we were blown away! They serve the best Indian food I have ever tasted! First of all, the staff is warm and welcoming, and very attentive and willing to answer questions and make recommendations. We ordered Aloo Tikki for a starter -- little potato pancakes with mint and tamarind sauce on a bed of chickpeas -- which was quite tasty. My mango lassi was smooth, sweet, and delightful. My husband ordered salty lassi, which is not to my taste, but I tried a sip and even I liked it! My entree was Gobi Bhuna, cauliflower cooked with fresh tomatoes, onion, and ginger. The offerings are so beautifully spiced, and not overly salty, so that you can really taste the subtle mix of spices (not simply "heat"). Coconut rice, which contained grated coconut and toasted black mustard seed, was just exquisite. My husband ordered the Dal Panchratan From Jaipur, a combination of five lentils and spices, which lived up to its description as a "rare delicacy." We enjoyed spinach paratha as our side of bread. There was not a weak item in our entire order. We are not vegetarians, but as you can see, our dinner contained no meat, and we did not miss it! Everything was very satisfying, and portions were large enough that we brought everything home and made a second dinner from them the next night. Vegetarians will definitely enjoy this restaurant! (I don't know if any of the dishes are vegan, but one could ask. I think most of them are made with clarified butter. Yummy!) There are many other categories on the menu as well: Lamb, chicken, seafood, tandoori specialties, biryani, kebabs...you name it. We were too full to order dessert, but there are several possibilities.The only complaints (perhaps too strong a word) I might have are the lack of music or much atmosphere. The lighting is a bit bright, and there is (so far) not much décor. However, this allows the food to be the star, as it should be, and I assume that once the place's reputation is firmly established there will be more attention paid to dressing it up.We will be back! Also, Aaheli delivers, thank goodness! Go have a taste of India!
I've been to Aaheli twice now and have loved it both times! The curries have a wonderful blend of spices and are served with a fragrant jasmine rice. Both times I ordered a lamb curry and both times it had big chunks of flavorful and tender lamb. I love Indian food and so many times when you order a curry the meat in it is dry and tasteless. The curry at Aaheli was just the opposite. I also had the saag paneer, which was garlicky and filled with big chunks of paneer. Really delicious! I highly recommend Aaheli and am very excited to have this addition to the neighborhood! Come out and support a good local business.
Joined friends for dinner at this recently opened restaurant. We were very pleased, especially our friends who are fans of Indian cuisine. Impressive selection of well-presented vegetarian and non-veggie dishes, tasteful decor, friendly service. Good take-out menu, too. Definitely should try. They have an affordable lunch buffet, too. It's BYOB and staff was very nice about opening the win bottle and providing glasses.
Restaurant is brand new, and just a few blocks from Austin Street - easy walking distance.  So new that the old sign for Pomegranate (prior restaurant) is still there.  We dined on a Sunday evening, and were greeted by an incredibly friendly staff.  Naan and samosas were very good.  Chicken tikka masalala and chicken korma were excellent.  Saag paneer was not as spicy as I like, but still good.  We ordered kheer for dessert which was outstanding.  So glad that there's a good indian restauant in the neighborhood!
Exquisite, freshly prepared food.  Quality ingredients, expertly prepared food, and warm hospitality by the owner and staff.  A very welcome and much needed addition to the Forest Hills restaurant scene.
These guys are bunch of lairs. It's been 1 hour 45 mins and still no food.Every time I call, the guy says- your food will be there any minute. So at last after lying to me for 2 hours. They are saying, food cannot be delivered. like seriously?
This place started out really good and promising and I would even tell everyone go eat there! Forest Hills needed a good Indian restaurant !  Unfortunately  the food quality has taken a dive. Always salty meat dishes now. I know it's a trick to preserve food but if the food tastes bad,what's the point?  Tandoori chicken at buffet is meant to be dry bbq. They keep it in a soup pot so it stays steamed and it's just disgusting and tastes boiled and moist. The buffet itself is $11.95. That's expensive for salty food. table for two and tip because they will always serve water and nann is like $29. For queens most Indian places are $8.95 buffet per person. The lunch boxes also are minimal, they cut back on the veggies and fill you up with rice dhal and nann and 3 little cubes of chicken tikka masala,$10.  I hope they realize they can't trick customers and quality. Back to Haveli and Tandoor for me until this place gets it together
I had the lunch buffet a few weeks back. I was very impressed. I think this is perhaps the freshest lndian lunch buffet I ever had. They didn't skimp on products either. All the items tasted good and fresh. The staff is extremely welcoming and makes you feel at home. I can't wait to return.
Food was good but delivery took forever and portions were too small for the price of the entrees.
New in FH. Tasty food. Good sized portions. Reasonable prices. Wish them success. We will be back and will order take out too!
