The food and service here are both great. They have at least 10 buffet items to choose from in addition to two kinds of rice, soup, and a dessert. They always give you fresh, hot naan bread when you choose the buffet. Its a great value for the price.
Wow. So good. We had a coupon and so glad we tried this place. Very close to home and we'd never gone. We will be back to try more of the delicious dishes.
Very bad customer service if you go there with a Groupon. They will talk rudely if you try to use a groupon. They told me that they don't make any money on groupons. The food is good but service is pathetic. They think we are cheap like them if we use a groupon. Grow out of that mentality, and respect people who spend their hard earned money wisely.
Stumbled across this little gem while out driving today. Went in for dinner and it was one of best warm inviting experiences yet. The owner greeted us, sat us at a table, and made small talk. We started with the meat samosas. You could tell they were fresh because the minced lamb wasn't dry or clumped together. Big flavor in a little crispy pouch. For dinner I got the lamb tikka which you could cut with a fork! I don't think that's happened to me before. Such great Indian spices gives for a ton of flavor and aromas. The garlic naan was amazing as most naan is (it's bread after all). The HC chicken biryani was incredible too! Tender juicy pieces of chicken covered in spices and perfectly cooked rice went so well with the raitha (yogurt) sauce. The most impressive thing was the chicken was not dry and fell off the bone.Total bill was only 40 bucks! This will definitely become a regular place.
This place is good! A few years ago I had to go to Edison to get good Indian. Now I can come here, I can go to matawan for Royal curry as well. It's really nice to have good restaurants like this so close. I had the chicken makhani (butter chicken) and this place is probably my favorite all time. That's a big deal cause I try that dish everywhere I go and constantly compare it. Highly recommend this place.
Value for money!  I was very skeptical about the food when I entered, but the food turned out pretty tasty. Curries were really good, but there were no options for appetizers. It is a nice place for a quick weekend lunch. The Mango Lassi and salted Lassi were really good ! Will come again, if ever in this area !
A decent Indian buffet within a decent driving distance?!  Who would have thought?  This restaurant will be our local go-to, I'm sure, and will save a trek up to Edison.  We went with our toddler to lunch buffet.  We arrived around 1145am, which was perfect as an hour later, the place was packed.  There was salad, soup, rice, and plenty of curries (both meat and veg) to choose from.  Each table also got to pick a type of naan (we had garlic).  The buffet itself was a bit crowded on the table, and the dishes were not labeled well.  But face it--logistics don't matter as much when the food's hot and tasty.  I will say the spice level was not as high as I would have liked and the dishes ran a little sweet to me.  But overall we left satisfied and right as the crowd seemed to come in.
Went for the buffet. Staff was friendly and gave my son descriptions of what everything was. Very good food and we will definitely go again.
This Indian food is delicious. Since there aren't many convenient places, this is perfect! The food is great and the wait time isn't long. Whether you're Indian or America this is a great place to eat.
Disappointing. I traveled 30 minutes to this place based on all the great reviews but it didn't live up to the hype. The naan and rice were flavorless. The Tandoori chicken was very dry. The food took forever. The buffet, while economic wasn't anything special.
Awesome lunch buffet with a good amount of choices. Lamb was super tender and everything was delicious. And paratha and roti made to order included with the buffet.
Finally some excellent Indian food!! The service is very good too. Everything is freshly cooked and tastes authentic. No need to travel to Edison anymore!!!
Delicious Indian food with lots of GF options. We enjoyed the chicken tikki masala; lamb saag; and lamb vindaloo. Each was ordered with a different spice level, and each was made perfectly. Garlic naan was also buttery and yummy. Worth checking out!!!
Decent Indian food, and they managed to get the right level of spiciness for each member of our big party.  However food took quite a while to prepare.  (To their credit, they did warn us ahead of time.)  Also, it was oddly unclear who our server was.
I am normally not in this area but I am selling a house here so I looked up yelp ratings and I found this wonderful place.  I went for lunch and had their buffet.  It had all my favorites.  Goat Curry, butter chicken, biryani, chicken kabobs, bhindi only to name a few.  The rice was extra fluffy and cooked to perfection.  The only thing that disappointed me was there was a sign that said they had saag paneer and there wasn't any.  I will definitely be back next time when I am in the area.
Wonderful to have such authentic and delicious cuisine so close. Staff was friendly and attentive. It's a bit small so reservations are highly recommended.  The lassi takes some time to make but very tasty.  If the level of spice is a concern like it is for me have no fear they ask how you would like it prepared.
Great dinner. Fresh and well prepared food, courteous and attentive staff, and great prices. Can't ask for much more than that.
I was very impressed with the delicious dishes served for the lunch buffet. Definitely will be coming back again. Thank you!
Try the chilli chicken, it's out of this world! Great for take out! Everything seems freshly made and is served hot. Haldichowk is our first choice every time We have guests over!!
I have to say I was extremely disappointed based on the 4.8 star overall reviews.  I wasn't impressed in the least bit and have no plans to return in the future. Food was subpar. I enjoyed the Naan and bottle of wine we purchased the most..
5 Stars! I've now eaten here twice - once for dinner and one for buffet. The food is outstanding, the restaurant is clean, they are respectful to my children. Welcome to Middletown - I am going to tell everyone to eat here. I am thrilled - thanks Deepak you are the greatest!
This place is INCREDIBLE. Great staff, friendly and fast! AMAZING food, these guys really know their stuff. A+++++
My first yelp review ever. It's been so long since I've had legit Indian I had to post something. If Edison is a hike for you, come here. This place is fantastic. Spice/heat is on point. Had saag paneer and chicken tikka both were stellar. Chili garlic naan is great.
I hardly leave reviews, but this one deserves 5 stars!! I was there with my family 3-4 days ago and still can't stop thinking or talking about the food. If anyone is in mood for Indian food, do not even think once before going to this place, you will not be disappointed!! Its a reasonably priced food joint and the food(I can't emphasize enough) is UH-mazing! They had buffet but we went for a la carte. It took a little while before the food was served but it was worth the wait because the food was hot and fresh and delicious!!I would recommend their tandoori fish. A MUST TRY!
Absolutely excellent!  Passing through after the beach & stopped in for the lunch buffet.  Food was amazing & very flavorful. Staff is incredibly friendly & the place is clean. Loved it!
Ever since I saw this place was going to open I was very excited.  I tried it for the first time today and it did not disappoint.  The lunch buffet was huge with so many great selections...not just your usual Indian buffet standards.  Everything was flavorful and warm...not something you always get at a buffet.  It is nice to have an additional option for Indian food in the area.  I have already told my friends about it and look forward to returning.
giving this place 5 stars. We ordered the bangan bharta, palak paneer, butter chicken, and hc chicken(kids meal).and naan. food came out relatively quick, and came in family style arrangement with entrees in the middle with own separate plates. food was delicious. my wife and I have eaten at indian restaurants in edison and are surprised to see food that meets that caliber in middletown. our young kids enjoyed the butter chicken and hc chicken. they also especially enjoyed the naan.the decor is simple and clean. will definitely be coming back soon.
We reserved this place for a party at the last moment, yet Deepak from Haldi Chowk was very accommodating, readily agreed to our custom menu for the guests and made sure all our guests had a good experience...Food here tasted fresh and delicious.... esp their malai kofta :-)
Had the vegetable Pakoda to start, followed by Lamb Rogan Josh with a stuffed Paneer Paratha. Excellent service, taste and food. Will be back and will remember to bring a beer or two.
Excellent food! Great buffet !!! Generous service ! Totally loved the chicken 65, chicken tikka masala, desserts !!
We went for a lunch buffet. Honestly, certain things in the buffet were phenomenal and the remaining food left a lot to be desired. Loved the Chanas and Tikkis served on the tawa.  Pakoras were very good. A chicken tikka in the mixed grill was perfect. Very good chicken with peppers (which is really a chili chicken). We also had lamb chops off the menu-completely flavorless! The remaining food had either too much or too little of something...either too much ginger/garlic or too little salt. Kulfi was like nothing I have ever had before-no flavor at all-just tasted like ice. But, ras malai was beautifully tender.
Probably the worst service I've ever had at a restaurant. I'm usually not one to leave a review, but this experience was so awful that I had to post. Clearly not a place I'll be returning too and certainly would not recommend. There is better Indian food in Middletown with excellent food and service.
I came back twice since my first review and the 5 Stars still stands.  The Lamb was so tender and the HC Chicken Biryani was incredible.  Spice level at Medium was just right for me (pretty hot) but you can always adjust it down when you order. This place continues to make authentic Indian dishes.
Only have done take out and this Indian restaurant is the best in Monmouth County.  My husband and I would usually travel to Edison just for take out.  The owners take pride in sincerely providing the best service and quality of food.  There was one occasion that the dishes we usually order were off and inconsistent (we order the same things every time, palak chaag (spinach with chickpeas, made upon our request) and mixed veggie curry).  Out of disappointment and concern, we addressed this incident to the staff and ultimately the owner.  They were gracious and were quick to remedy the situation and make it right.  Turns out they had a new cook that week.  Our following take out order was on point.  Will continue to patronize.
Tasty, authentic Indian food coupled with great customer service makes this place a "must go to" place. Located very conveniently with ample parking space..
Love the food, the place is kind of small with limited seating but service was great. Had the Tikka Masala and Pepper Masala both were delious difinitely will come back again. Service was great constantly refilling glass water pitcher and rice due to the hot spicy sauce.
First time here and we had the lunch buffet. It was really nice to be able to try several different dishes.  The staff was extremely helpful in making recommendations and letting us know what the ingredients were and how the dishes were cooked.  Everything was so fresh and flavorful.  The lunch buffet consists of salad, 10 dishes to choose from, dessert and delicious naan bread.  Our favorite dish was the chicken korma.  We will definitely be back!
Good authentically made north Indian food at reasonable price. We ordered palak paneer, dal makhani, and garlic naans. all delicious & testy. Our guests also enjoyed the food.
My family just got take our from here tonight for the first time. We had the Chicken Tikka Masala and Paneer Tikka Masala with some garlic Naan. All was excellent! I will definately come back again!
On a recent cold December night my husband and I decided to try this new Indian restaurant on recommendation of one of my co- workers. We're so glad we did! Warmed by the perfectly spiced dishes we were happy with the choices we made and shared. Offered 'mild, medium or very spicy' we chose 'medium' and were very happy that attention was paid to our request. Lamb Tikka Masala, Chicken Tikka Saagwalla ( succulent chicken cubes in spinach), Baingan Bharta( eggplant dish), garlic naan, finishing with Rasmalai for dessert ,chai and Indian coffee. All excellent and comforting. We waited a bit too long for food to arrive but the host explained they're still new in this location and we realized that everything is prepared to order. We look forward to our next visit!
Amazing food and flavor.  We have been searching for a great Indian restaurant since moving from NYC.  We weren't impressed with the other local options and after our first visit here we've been back multiple times.
Ordered some take out the other day for my wife and I.  I got some chicken curry, lamb vindaloo, tandoori chicken  and some onion kulcha.  All the food was perfectly cooked.  Chicken was mild as requested and the lamb was spicy also as requested.  The tandoori chicken was different from what I usually see at Indian restaurants.  The bright orange color wasn't  there.  Just a moist perfectly cooked and lightly spiced piece of chicken. As I waited for my food the owner, talked to me for 15 minutes, went through the whole menu and made suggestions for my next visit.  I can't wait to return with the whole family.
I was very excited about trying this place and it did not disappoint. The service was great. I had the HC veg platter, a little of everything and it was all very good. For my entree I had the Palal Paneer. It was very good as well. Look forward to going back and trying different dishes and the lunch buffet.
I've had dinner here 3 times already and the food is amazing. Deepak and staff are excellent and could not be nicer. Great family like atmosphere and the food reflects that homemade vibe. Samosas are soooooo good - also love the Chicken Kadai, Chicken Tikka Masala, Butter Chicken, the list goes on.... Big fan of this place - try it - you will not be disappointed!
This place is so good! The staff was super attentive and nice. Food came out fast and was seriously delicious! My husband and I have tried a lot of Indian restaurants and this is one of the best! We had the Dal Tadka, aloo Gobi and veg samosas. Will definitely be returning soon
We really enjoyed the food, including the HC Veggie Appetizer platter, the Maiai Kofta and the Baingan Bharta (which was new to both of us). Very well done and tasty!
Popped in when they first opened to place a takeout order and was very happy with both the food and service. The staff was incredibly friendly and knowledgable and the pricing very reasonable. We had several dishes and absolutely no complaints. Looking forward to eating at the restaurant in the future and to placing more to-go orders as well! I highly recommend giving this spot a try!
We tried Haldi Chowk for buffet last Saturday. we were very impressed especially considering that we would travel to Princeton to get indian food. we have had it 2 times since then. The flavors are well balanced. Between the 2 times, we ordered the chicken tikka masala, lamb rogan Josh, paneer tikka masala, Chana masala, aloo gobi, brigantine Bharti, and naan. Take out does take time, however it is well worth the wait. We will be frequenting this restaurant often.
best ... awesome .... too good ... excellent .... just too good .. loved it ...do not miss this place indian food lovers
If you love Indian food, you must go here!! The staff was extremely kind and accommodating and the food was out of this world. My fiance and I are strict vegetarians, and there were loads of options here for us. He ordered Baingan Bartha, which had a wonderful smokey flavor. I'm still dreaming of it! I had the Channa Masala, spicy. We agreed it was the best Channa we ever had! I left there with this wonderful, warm, nourished feeling in my belly. We will definitely be regulars here!
This is a 'family' restaurant for two reasons. One because you can take your family of any age old or small and you will find something for all ages there.. and second.. because they treat everybody like family! Awesome food and awesome service. A must go to place!
Tried this place for the first time last night; we got a pretty large takeout order. Honestly,  everything I tasted was delicious.  For appetizers, we had the vegetable samosas, and vegetable pakoda (both of which we've had numerous times at other places; my family was in agreement that these were the best so far) and aloo tikki chaat, a potato dish which I'm very happy to have tried because the spicy chickpea topping was incredible. For entrées,  we had the malai kofta (potato dumplings in a spicy/sweet cream sauce), the korma, and chicken tikka masala. Again, I've had chicken tikka masala numerous times, but this was the best because of a subtle citrus-y taste and more pronounced notes of cinnamon and cloves. I ordered everything in Medium spice which I think was great for a wide audience, however next time I go (which I definitely am) I'd like to order on the spicier side because I love heat. Can't wait to try some more menu items as well!
