Two-time JB award nominator Anita Jaisinghani is finally bringing her Indian small wonder from Houston to NYC, so excited! Specialized in both comfort cooking and sweet baked goods, Anita definitely has shown her talent in both areas. Currently only breakfast/lunch is being served, with all-day pastries and drinks, and they were looking to include the more formal dinner service later into the year. Looking forward to!Came in when they just opened on Monday, and opted for the specialty drink - masala chai. Hmm definitely very exotic and different from chai teas elsewhere, thought the spice was a bit overwhelming and slightly dominated the milk flavor. For me, I'd prefer something less extreme...
My mom's favorite breakfast to serve and to eat is masala veggie omelette with fresh paratha. Although the menu here is kind of an eclectic fusion of western with very fundamental Indian flavors/ingredients (jaggery, cardamom, saffron, etc)-I love how the dishes like Upma and the Railway omelette w/ Paratha tasted so close to home. Also, def get the Bournvita Ice Cream sandwich! So cute and so reminiscent of my childhood but with a modern twist. Skip the Kahwa. I thought it would be legit but it was just a flavorless green teabag in hot water. The Masala Chai is delicious though!
Waited twenty minutes for a roasted salmon salad and it was horrifying. I sat down back at my office to eat, opened the container only to see completely raw salmon. The odor that came from the fish was awful and had my coworker almost vommitying when she smelled and looked at it. The salmon was barely pink and did not look fresh at all - very dissapounted with the food and could not eat it.
Giant new Indian spot with lots of breakfast and lunch options, as well as coffee and plenty of nice-looking pastries.They serve breakfast until 3, and starting at 11, the more substantial lunch menu becomes available. For something smaller and quicker but also satisfying, the Chicken Frankie ($10) is delicious, and goes well with the Desi Fries ($3), which are kind of like curly fries.For dessert, they have an intriguing-sounding ice cream sandwich that isn't yet available, as well as a Chai Pie, which is tasty, but is a whopping $10.This is a really nice space with great service and lots of good choices, so I would probably be back if in the area.
This is my new favorite restaurant in NYC. Whhhhhhhat. Every taste explodes in your mouth. Fave fave fave
I had heard great things about Pondicheri from several friends from Houston, where it originates.  My biggest mistake may have been coming here for dinner, breakfast/brunch is probably your best bet.  Food:Chicken Kabobs - arrived raw, enough said.  Pointed this out to the manager who came back with the same reheated kabobs 30 minutes later .  The raita was the star of this, made with beets and cashewsPomegranate Salad - good, but nothing groundbreaking hereLentil Samosa - just ok Vegetarian skillet option - was good, but overpriced for a medly of vegetables in a coconut sauce.  Tasted a lot like a thai curryService:- We got seated an hour after our reservation time, ordered half an hour after that, and got our first appetizer another half hour after that. - we were comped for our raw chicken, but that's a gimme
Tasty Indian spot by Madison Square Park right off the RW (yellow) subway. Highly recommend the Earth platter and add a side of garlic naan. Also recommend the mocktail Nojito and topping the meal off with special Indian ice cream sandwiches. The portions are a bit small for the price point but makes sense in New York.
Good food, fresh ingredients used, and the space is huge and inviting. Love the casual seat-yourself daytime arrangement because it's so rare to have the conveniences of DIY along with formal-quality food/plating. I'm not vegetarian, but I like some of the creative Meatless Monday specials even more than the daily menu, so give it a try. Must-try: Buddha Bun, Lamb, Fried Okra, Pistachio-Apricot Naan, Chai Pie...The bakery case is full of tasty sweets, but you have to have a palate for spices. Chocolate comes with cardamom or chili, lemon squares have pumpkin seeds or jaggary, etc. Don't come in looking for plain brownies.
My dinner at Pondicheri was Pondicherished. Really good Indian food in a casual but upscale setting. Really great flavors and spices that don't overpower. Great drink options too which isn't often found with spicy meals. Will definitely be back to try more!
I'm not sure why this restaurant is only at 3.5 stars on yelp. I loved it! The atmosphere is cool and modern, airy with high ceilings and interesting decor. The menu is creative and fun. The food was phenomenal and the presentation was nice. I liked all of the tea options and really unique desserts. I also saw they had more selection of interesting sweets at the coffee takeout area in the front. If you like Indian food and are ok with modern menu choices....you'll love it too.
Love Pondicheri!  I'm not sure why the lukewarm reviews. I love Indian but typically end up feeling heavy and sluggish after eating it and this place is light, fragrant, incentive all while using the beloved Indian ingredients. Guess we have a real powerhouse Chef Anita to thank for that (Pondicheri came from her flagship in Houston).I dined here with a friend at 6ish on a Thursday and a reservation was super easy to get - a relief!  The space is also unique in the sense it's dinner oriented at night and a more casual cafe for lunch and they have awesome baked goods all day while serving breakfast! And amazing lassi and the like drinks (tea too). Alcohol and mocktails are at night. We got some complementary Indian trail mix (sweet and salty). Then we shared the Sigiri chicken kebab (very moist) which honestly came with delicious beet raita (?). Loved that raita. I then ordered the Ocean thali- thali is the way to go so you can try this and that. It had a rare cooked white fish, steamed in banana leaf, coconut shrimp and clams (yummy!!), spicy greens with a good kick, delicious crispy potato cake, and beet raita. My friend ordered the chicken 25 Thali which looked all encompassing - famous spiced chicken, smoked eggplant, okra, sautéed greens, Paratha. She said it was super yummy. For dessert we had a delicious chili chocolate cookie and the even more beautiful, delicious and surprisingly light rose water sponge cake. It was kind of like a parfait and had a good representation on cardamom and other good spices. Service was patient, warm, friendly and knowledge. I hope to be promoting them soon on Stadium!
We read about Pondicheri in a New York Time Out magazine and had to try it! Upon entering, we were met with a cute dessert display counter full of unique and tasty treats! We were then walked to our table. They have a beautiful modern/industrial appearance and a beautiful bar set up displaying fresh ingredients. Literally everything on the menu sounds amazing so it was tough to make choices. We got a few dishes to share amongst our group which was definitely the way to go! The Saag Paneer was delicious - perfectly roasted cheese chunks in a deliciously spiced spinach dish.We also got the Aviyal which was phenomenal - the curry was delicious and full of flavor, nice pieces of chicken and covered in beautifully roasted okra for some textures!We did give the apricot pistachio naan a try and it was decent but we loved the garlic naan.We also got the Earth dish which was delicious and interacting with all of the small random sides that come with it. Next came dessert- time to try the cookies I had been eyeing on that counter since we walked in! The ginger cloud was everything I had hoped for, full of ginger flavor and just enough molasses. we also had the peanut butter chocolate chili cookie which was awesome!This was a great place to come for a nice dinner full of unique and delicious food- you definitely want to come with a group to try different things.
Pondicheri used to be one of my FAVORITE restaurants. I went there last week and was extremely disappointed. Arrived at 630 and the restaurant was barely half full. We ordered by 7. We didn't get our appetizers until 8 and our main course until 8:30.No one came to check on us or give us an update during the hour period we were waiting for our appetizers. Not even to ask if we wanted another drink!! Once the food finally came I was not as impressed as I used to be. The pakoras were literally fried whole carrots that were not cooked through.We didn't even get anything taken off the check to make up for our rumbling stomachs and lack of service. (Including the one drink we each got).I sincerely hope this restaurant returns to what it used to be - for the service and the food!
I had the breakfast thali and loved it. I absolutely want to come back. It was a ton of food, and a really nice mix of Indian (paratha, chutney, gobi) and more American brunch-y stuff (oatmeal, fried egg). It was delicious together. It makes me want to try our dinner.
KenScale: 8.0/10It's not often that you see someone from Texas out of all places opening a new Indian restaurant in New York City. It's certainly more typical to expect a Southern place or Texas BBQ joint making their move in the Big Apple. Acclaimed Houston chef Anita Jaisinghani seems to think otherwise. She has already gained royal followings for her fine dining restaurant Indika and casual restaurant and bakery Pondicheri, and decided to transplant the formula for the latter recently. It was a novel concept that I liked at first sight; whenever I step into an Indian restaurant, I don't expect to see a café-like atmosphere with bakery on the side that is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. More importantly, the food at Pondicheri is well thought out and I had a delicious meal with my girlfriend when we showed up the day after the shocking presidential election (enough said...) to vent our frustration with some Indian spices. The menu at Pondicheri is somewhat concise, and I really liked how there are surprisingly twists in the seemingly traditional dishes that we ordered. Khandvi (savory chickpea pinwheels stuffed with coconut, cashews, sesame, herbs and spices), which apparently was one of the most popular dishes at the restaurant, had a nice spicy kick to it that made for a stimulating appetizer. Instead of lamb or chicken, I had quail in its tandoori form with pomegranate glaze and stuffed with pine nut and caramelized onion. I wished the quail was a bit softer in texture, but the potato cake and coriander yogurt that accompanied the quail made up for it with a surprisingly nice touch. By this time, I've had countless chicken tikka masala dishes through Seamless orders or pick-ups, but the boneless chicken cooked in 25 spices and masalas (hence the name "Chicken 25" on the menu) was still a pleasure to eat with tender chicken that had really nice balance of flavor (although my girlfriend wished it had a bit more spice to it). Saag paneer, a classic Indian dish with fresh spinach and mustard greens, was also a delicious main dish that went well with the chicken. For dessert, saffron ice cream with chopped pistachios was a delightful end to the meal without too much sweetness. Getting a reservation at Pondicheri isn't too challenging although the dining space was still fairly full in the course of our meal. As noted above, I really liked the light café vibe that you don't typically see at an Indian establishment. There is full bar with some creative cocktails on the list (although we were more inclined to just go with a bottle of red to complement the meal). Pondicheri brings something unique to the already rich Indian dining scene in NYC, and I would love to come back here for breakfast or lunch to see how the menu changes during those times.
I've been coming here for months to grab various sweets from their bake shop but finally got to try their breakfast.There was a variety of Indian dishes. Aloo paratha was filling. I ordered it with a side egg and only need to eat half of it to feel full. It's layered with spicy (not very spicy) potato mash and a side of strawberry jam was a great accompaniment. The restaurant is large with an industrial feel though not sure why they have their lighting with wires hanging from the ceiling.The service is friendly. I like the casual nature about it. I know dinner is sit-down and not sure what that experience is like.
A friend of mine was very excited that Pondicheri had opened an NYC location after raving about the Houston restaurant. Working nearby, we decided to try it out on a Friday after work. Since our group was 5 - we thought it would be best to make a reservation. OpenTable only had 5:30 or 8, so we opted for 5:30. When we arrived the restaurant was completely empty, which is totally fine. We were seated right away in a large booth but shimming into the both was a struggle. The table was so tight to the bench, we were unable to move it around to make any space. Once we were settled in, it took a bit of time for the waiter to come over to take our drink order or bring us water eventhough we were the only table in the place. We each ordered a Thali - the Earth was very, very good! At first I thought I was going to need more food, but after finishing everything I was nice and full. During our meal, the staff never came back to check-in on us. They even dropped off the bill without asking us if we wanted dessert...which we ended up ordering! Off menu Chai Pie - worth it!Oveall the food was impressive but the service really needs improvement.
I love everything about the menu and the cocktails were creative and colorful. Pondicheri definitely elevates Indian cuisine in a positive light! The bakery in the front serves delicious treats with an Indian twist. I would go back... for the food only.The service was questionable. We sat at the bar and it took a while for the bartender (lady w short hair) to pay us any attention. Maybe it was hearing issue but we called out "excuse us" very loudly several times and still no attention.  Then we finally ordered drinks and asked for the complimentary popcorn we saw others munching on. After a while, it didn't come so we tried to get her attention again and she responded "I'm not ignoring you, we don't have any more." Ouch! Then we ordered a few sides including the spicy fries and she gave a sneering remark that the fries were a better choice than the popcorn. I hope this was a one off and someone was just having a bad day... but the negative vibes really effected our experience.
Ate dinner there last night after looking forward to it after reading up in the Times and Timeout. I've lived in India and this was disappointing overall. Food was mediocre/good, definitely didn't meet expectations. Overall experienced rounded up to 2 stars because the food was probably 3 stars but the service was so lackluster, slow, and straight-up rude at the end of our meal that they deserved 1 star. So 2 stars it is.The beer on draft selection was a bit puzzling as there didn't seem to be a very good range of beers (multiple sour-style beers, a double IPA and a pilsner). However, the bartender was the one highlight in service. Friendly, accommodating and knowledgeable. For our meal we started with the desi fries. Good but not amazing--for something similar and cheaper you should go a few blocks down to IndiKitch. After a seemingly long wait our three dishes came out (saag paneer was good not amazing--much better at Bhatti, chicken was probably the highlight of the meal flavor-wise, and the lamb side was meh). Beautiful plating and the pomegranates on each dish offered a nice brightness and pop of texture. Later came our garlic naan (not great) and the pistachio apricot naan (better, but you needed the cilantro chutney or it was far too sweet).Throughout our entire meal, our server came by once, zooming by so quickly as he asked "how is every..." but he was gone before he finished the sentence or we could even reply. Never came back to the table. Our food was served by the hostess. My guess is they were understaffed for the evening. No apologies or explanations for the wait on the service (took him a good 15 minutes to even come to our table to ask for drinks initially) or our food. I worked in the food service industry for many many years and I expect much better, even after giving him the benefit of doubt.The worst part was within a few minutes of walking out the door. After our meal we decided not to have dessert. We waited a good 20-25 minutes for them to come drop off the check. After we paid the server came by again (besides dropping and picking up the check this is his second visit to our table over the course of 2 and a half hours--which should have been maybe 1 and a half hours) and dropped off dessert menus again. We said we already paid and we're good, thank you. And he picked them up saying, "Oh, wrong table. YOU PEOPLE ALL LOOK THE SAME TO ME." I was shocked at his rudeness. When is that ever ok to say? Especially to paying guests? So rude. I wish I would have asked his name or said something in reply but I was speechless. We got up and left.Needless to say, we will NOT be returning. Sorely disappointed with the service and with so many other tasty Indian options at better prices, I would not recommend Pondicheri Cafe.
I came in for a quick lunch and was happy to stumble upon this place. I liked the decor of this restaurant it was a mix of coffee shop with some rustic and modern vibes. You order at the counter and your food is brought out to you by a server. I ordered the Pav Bhaji and Masala Chai. The flavors of the masala chai were flavorful and authentic to Indian cuisine. Two thumbs up! The Pav Bhaji was also tasty and it was paired with some type of rye bread not the typical bread you find in Pav Bhaji but nevertheless I thought it complemented the Bhaji. I will say though that although the favors were good it was a bit too oily for my liking. Less oil more heat!!! I was anxiously awaiting trying the Bournvita Ice Cream Sandwich only to find that they had run out of it. That was disappointing but I may return another day to try it!!
I was really looking forward to trying Pondicheri, and had lunch with a friend there last weekend. Let's start with the good:-- The restaurant is beautiful. Love the decor, the dishes, cutlery, everything.-- Servers are friendly and helpful.Now on to the not-so-good:-- The online menu is different from the menu that was offered, so the dosa I was looking forward to having was not available.-- I had the kitchdi (sp?) instead, and it was a mushy, tasteless mess. My Indian dad makes it better, and he can barely find his way to the kitchen.-- Fried okra was unbelievably spicy so I couldn't really get a feel for the actual taste.-- Shrimp + Avocado salad was tasty and fresh but it was not special enough for me to return for.I might return to give the dosas a try, maybe they're just offered during the week? In any case, I hope my second visit goes better than the first.
Honestly the food is not great. Save your money and go to an authentic Indian restaurant. This is not what the indian food should taste like.The pakoras were full of oil and a bit burned. Fresh pakoras are not like this.Papdi chat, even a $6 one at Mithas is better than this. The cutlery was dirty and self service plates were wet.Service was not upto standard too.I came for a lunch with an office colleague who likes indian food and she was disappointed.
Pondicheri. This place is pretty close to heaven on Earth, especially for a last-minute dinner date. There is so much more to this magical restaurant than first meets the eye - it could be somewhat easy to pass it by as just a place for folks who work in the Flatiron district to get lunch - but this is a nuanced, stylish place that goes way above and beyond. My wife, her friend and I ordered a huge dinner- starting with the insane curly fries (some of the best I've ever had in my life, and somehow they don't make you feel gross), and then saag paneer (easily the best I've had in NYC) and two "thalis" (big sampler plates) - the "vishnu" and "ocean." Every single thing on the plate had the feeling of being truly hand crafted - somehow, we scarfed down all this insane food and didn't get that bloated, stuffed feeling you get after a gigantor meal. There is something unbelievably special here. Don't get me wrong - it's very different than my latest obsession, Nix - but the level of care is off the charts. This is the definition of "cooking with love." As we were winding down our meal, I joked that the only thing that could make this better was if they had awesome desert, but I assumed they didn't just because most Indian places skimp on this. They laughed and pointed me to the Bake Lab & Shop, a counter near the entrance that has more insanely delectable confections than I could believe. That's where things went from a 5 star restaurant experience to feeling like I was being treated like a beloved guest in someone's home. It's hard to describe just how sweet Margarita ( who worked at the Bake Lab) was and how passionate she was about the restaurant. You could tell that this wasn't just a place in the Flatiron district that she worked at - this was a place that genuinely energized its staff. She told me all about the painstaking details that go into all the food preparation (they shell their own coconuts), and how obsessed with both whimsy and perfection the chef and pastry chef are. I was just about to buy an indian chili chocolate cookie when my fellow diners told me that I needed to scurry over and look at the real desert menu. We got the chocolate cookie anyway (uhhhhhhmmmmmaaaazing) and the warm butter / fruit cake - which was just absolutely crazy. Again, this was on top of a huge dinner, and somehow it just didn't feel we were overstuffed. I'll be heading back next Monday for their "meatless Mondays" - stoked.All in all, It's just rare to find someplace that is both so refined as well as so unpretentious. If you're someone who loves nuanced food, really cherish warm, genuine customer service, and appreciate an inspiring environment that doesn't condescend, you have just found your next favorite restaurant. And if you come on a Monday night and see a dude with a man-bun who looks like a friendly hobbit sitting next to a gorgeous redhead, it's probably me, come say hi :)
Great ambiance and service. The food has unique combinations and is delicious, it's  never too heavy which I love. Thalis take  quite some time to come out so if you are really hungry then avoid ordering thali. Overall good experience in all categories.
This place is amazing, some of our fave food in all of NYC. It's so different from typical Indian food. Very vegetarian friendly too. By the way, the New York Times rates one of their desserts one of NYC's top ten meals.
I like this restaurant but it has so much more potential to grow. Like the concept and the approach it takes to Indian cuisine but it needs to lock down the basic Indian flavors.
Yay! I've been waiting for this place to open. Currently open right now just for breakfast and lunch with a ton of tasty options. I've had the Breakfast Frankie, both with and without lamb, and with is definitely the way to go; the wrap is a bit bland without (and can be messy, so be prepared with lots of napkins before you ruin your keyboard like I did). My friend loved her masala chai and omelette as well. Pastries are tasty, and the iced coffee is solid.Morning thali that some people were having at the table next to me looked fantastic, but wasn't available to go :( Definitely want to come back and eat my way through the menu!
I love this place!!! The food is so good, flavorful and imaginative, the staff are so friendly, and the vibe is just great! I have to say that, for my money, the breakfast and lunch menu is superior to the dinner menu, for both choices and price.Don't forget to check out the bakery items in front. They are off the chain!
We were big fans of pretty much everything we tried.  The first thing we did was try a sampler of the Pondibar, which may have ended up being our favorite, most unique thing there.  From there we had the orange chocolate brioche bun, which was also wonderful and puts your normal sweet rolls to shame.For the indian street food..  We had the pav bhaji, which seemed a bit sweeter and less salty than we're used to, but we really liked it.  We had the paneer paratha, which we loved, really well done and served with good chutney.  Perhaps the most 'interesting' thing was the masala chicken wings, which were whole chicken wings battered in bhaju batter on top of a cumin yogurt sauce - it tasted like you were eating pakora crusted chicken wings.  Last we had the chicken frankie (similar to Kati rolls, this is the name I always saw in Mumbai) - this was good but nothing special like so many of the other offerings.Overall we very much enjoyed the place, and are looking forward to coming back.
Been there with friends on a Saturday afternoon. Nice place to hangout and chat with friends over some tea/lassi and have some famous Indian fast-food snacks  (chaat, samosa, etc)They seem to have lunch options too, but we did not explore the menu beyond what we wanted :)
The best Modern Indian I have had in the city. Everything that came out was amazingly delicious, creative and well-prepared. The staff was super knowledgeable, attentive and lovely. I will be back many times and I will not stop recommending this place to all of my friends. It's a NYC must!
Display pastries?! Really?!Don't be deceived by the names, descriptions, and prices in the case when you enter...they mean nothing...instead just ask what's actually available, and they'll check the racks behind the register. "We're actually out of chocolate chili"..."we're actually out of tx mesquite too"...Settled for the really disappointing 'ginger cloud' (cookie) and the tasty peanut butter chocolate chili cookie.Quoted $7.62 for 2 cookies, handed the nasty/indifferent cashier my card, and she then left the receipt hanging limp sans pen as if it were my copy, then snapping that she needed my signature. FYI The site of this Indian chainlet from Houston seems to pondichericafe.com , yet that still has no mention of this NYC location existing. They're running the place like it's still not open, too, with their baked goods case bearing no relation to what's actually available when you're there...j
First had Pondicheri in Houston. Glad to see it's in New York as well. Had the green dosa and corn samosa off their brunch menu - both were delicious. The restaurant itself is spacious and modern. The staff was helpful and polite. Would definitely recommend!
A word on the negative reviews, it's usually Indians exclaiming how un-Indian this food is; actually it is purposefully so and thank god for that. But before I go reviewing let me set this one up for you. I've seen a few attempts of Indian chef's interpretations of fusing Indian flavors with modern Western cuisine. As someone who grew up with an appreciation of fine nuanced Indo-Pak cuisine and a well developed appreciation for all the great cuisines of the world I have to say that the fusion thing does not come easy with Indian. Of course it's always a matter of taste but to my mind it requires a high level of appreciation of the subtleties of flavors and aromas of food and the effect of the combinations in the taste buds of a person. For example, let me jump straight to the pondicheri salad I had at lunch. It has greens,  a generous amount of sliced pickled carrots, currants, sprouted moong (a lentil), sunflower and pumpkin seeds with a bracing, sharply tart, jaggery lime dressing. I took a forkful of the greens which was doused in the dressing and promptly received a hit of the super sharp dressing and immediately took another bite to offset it and I got the perfect foil, the seeds with a currant or two. Masterful! I might as well do the rest of lunch I had. A samosa, typically filled with spiced potatoes here it's totally transformed by sweet potatoes and the ubiquitous coriander chutney combo. Subtly brilliant. Finally, the Buddha bun burger, I decided to forego the lamb burger for this, I was at my best, naturally carnivorous behavior. It's meatless. Their own cheese, grilled and served in a pav bun (refined flour with black channa and avocado) how clever is that,  with apple slaw and a twist to the coriander chutney by adding walnuts to it. I mean this is pretty complex. Amazingly it all works. For me a definite 5 star experience.For breakfast I've had their breakfast salad and Morning thali. Plenty of oohs and aahs here as well but let me just focus on the combinations. The salad has spiced walnuts, mixed with greens, the black channa, currants and cucumber with yogurt. Sides are a fried egg and potato cake (we called this potato chops growing up). The thali is more sophisticated in its pairings, out of the six offerings the unique one's are the saffron raita and the carrot paratha, exquisite! AND as you are running out the door do remember to get their Texas mesquite pecan thingie. You'll be grateful to me for this advice.On to dinner: our order tandoori quail, kerala shrimp, kalonji lamb kebabs, the ocean thali and naan and carrot roti. The quail can easily be made into a main dish with several quails and I would've been quite satisfied with not eating anything else, its a memorable combo, stuffed with pine nuts, carmelized onions and glazed with pomegranate (genius); the shrimp was a delightfully and surprisingly light coconutty herby combination with the added ginger kick; the kalonji kebab was imo the only mis-fire, I thought there was too much garam masala and too little kalonji (onion seeds) but it was loved by one member of our party; the ocean thali was really good too. The desserts are a must have here. We did the warm fig and butter cake and the chai pie. Thanks to Erin for taking such good care of us!
I am fan of the trendy Indian food, I will admit it.  I liked Pondicheri.  Everything we had was good, especially the bread basket and dips.  I had a chili cookie, which I loved.  I ate a veg samosa, which I can't say was any better than any other I have had but still tasty.  The Chai Pie was a bit not to my taste (crust too sweet, pie filling not sweet enough), but my husband enjoyed it because it was a very clear riff what they used to have as a kid's snack in India (tea and cookies).  The food is clearly high quality and I would definitely go back to try the breakfast and other snack options.
The food here is not your typical Indian dishes that one sees in other Indian restaurants.  Interesting are the fish, chicken, and breads.  The desserts are also excellent.  The restaurant seems has the ambiance of a typical middle class restaurant in India, which is to say simple with metal plates and drinking cups.  I have eaten their pastries as take-out and found them excellent.  Draft beers here are interesting and unusual.
Fairly average food, decent service, overpriced for what it is. Some interesting sounding baked items, but overall does not live up to the expectations. In a city filled with great food, there are better options.
This was aggressively mediocre. I came because of the laudatory nytimes  review For starters, the chai tasted as if I had steeped a tea bag in hot water and added milk. The paneer korma was fragrant with the dominant flavor of mace and was completely lacking the signature warm depth of proper Indian food. The accompanying turmeric rice was possibly undercooked and unpalatable. Will not be returning. It was also painfully slow.
So freaking good! I love to taste a variety of things and the Thali allows you to get a great little tasting. The fries from the chit chaat are amazing and so are all the pastries. Wine is good too. HIGHLY recommended.
Had the most disappointing meal today for lunchThe food was an absolute disappointment and a total disrespect for Indian food.The Dal and Rice were clearly reheated in a microwave and served almost cold. The dal was lumpy and dry and cold. The Pav Bhaji was lacking salt and any flavor The grilled cheese was a sloppy tasteless messThe waiter was arrogant and least bothered about service.Thankfully the manager was kind to attend to the complaint and credit us for part of the meal. You can fool some of the people some of the time but not all of the people all the time!  Time to step up and improve the quality and standards of food and service Anita
I ordered takeout from here while I was running errands nearby a few weeks ago. (Sept 2016) They have meatless Mondays, which is a cool principle, but the food I got was just awful.I settled on the Saag Paneer, a mixture of fresh Indian cheese simmered in a delicately spiced  spinach and fenugreek leaf gravy. A classic dish, I thought I could be safe.First of all, they charged $16 without tax, so I figured it would at least be a decent quantity, but I found out that they did not serve it with rice, and it only came with "naan". More on that later.It takes some time, though it wasn't busy, but I get the food and I see i have a tiny carton of the main dish; It couldn't have been more than a cup an a half. I bring it back to the office, where I open it up and it looks pretty good, smells a bit milder than usual, though. The "Naan", first of all I got only one piece, and secondly it was not Naan at all. It was more of a spice paratha, a thin, slightly flaky flat bread, and with spices in the dough. To say I was disappointed is an understatement. I paid $16 (+tax) for a small amount of food and one piece of bread (rice would have cost extra)When I tasted the dish, it was bland. There are no two ways about it. The slight sweetness was probably from the cream / milk in the sauce, but I couldn't taste any ginger or coriander seed or anything in the sauce. it was basically soupy, bland, creamed spinach. The paneer, while decent enough, was in pieces too large to eat easily, and i had to take several bites for each. The most egregious error, though, in my book, is that they did NOT wash the methi (fenugreek) leaves; or if they didn't add them, they didn't wash the spinach. My food was full of sand / grit, and I was left crunching through bits of sand or something. In that regard, i guess it was a good thing that I got so  little food.Don't waste your money on the hot food here; lack of attention to detail (not even detail... this is just basic cooking skills, seasoning and washing) is a red flag for anyone.This was my first time there, and maybe I had bad luck. I'm not taking any chances, though, and for the price, nor should anyone else.
Got here for my graduation dinner. Had a lovely time. The ambience is nice and soothing. The thalis have a nice spread, loved thier salad. The dal was sweet which threw us off and did not appeal to us. Had a great time overall.
The concept is great. I like the idea of organic Indian fusion. The ambience is nice - large cafe type of set up. So what's the problem? Their food. It's flat out awful, they try too hard and use too many ingredients that it just doesn't work. We were a 14 person party and not one individual found what they ordered satisfactory. Pretty much everything tasted terrible.Pondicheri here's some advice for you: if you intend to survive New York's discerning palate please rework your menu and hire a new chef!
The food is colorful and surprisingly heavy.  We ordered the earth thali and the lamb kabob.  Both were flavorful but we would have liked it a little spicier.  Staff were friendly and helpful.  Would return to try there brunch at another time.  It is far from authentic, but a nice change of pace from the options in curry hill.
The gulab jamun donut was alright... I enjoyed my ginger soda drink and my husband enjoyed the mango one he got. Service was a little icy --- could be more friendly when welcoming customers and answering their questions... especially since this is an indian fusion restaurant and all of these indian people are showing up since the india independence day parade was down the street.
The fig and butter cake seriously is the best dessert I have ever had!  Not too sweet and the flavors were just insane.  Get it...you won't be sorry!
Came here because of the NYT review, left satisfied and happy. Definitely very vegetarian friendly, my favorite was the thalis. One thali per person is definitely sufficient, I personally don't get more food than that. Pondicheri has a modern feeling take on Indian food, and if you want to explore beyond the typical tikka masala, give this place a chance.
I was recommended this place and I was thinking about taking my group of friends here for dinner later on in the week. I decided to scout it first with my boyfriend. The menu looked good, the space was spacious so I figured - why not!When we arrived, the hostess wanted to seat us at a hot corner of the restaurant, next to two groups of loud people meanwhile the rest of the restaurant was fairly empty. I asked her if there's any other seating she can place us. She sharply said, "Is there a problem?" And I replied that it's hot and loud, but I said nevermind, we'll sit here. She then pointed to another table near the bar that was better. The waitress came. And although she was nice, she took a really long time to take our order. I looked at the menu and I assumed the shared portions would be decently sized, consdiering the price. They were not. Pretty small portions, food was decent, but way overpriced. Mind you, I didn't come here for authentic Indian food. But I thought the food would be a lot better. 5 shrimp for $22? Doesn't even come with rice.We ordered the turmeric rice - $7 for a small portion and tasted so bland. The apricot pistachio naan was chewy and overly sweet. The best (by best I mean worst) part of the food was the dessert - which surprised me because the pictures looked so good on yelp. We ordered the saffron icecream and Chai Pie. The icecream was literally a small brick of  vanilla icecream that was so old, you could have cut it with a knife (I've had saffron icecream before...flavorful, creamy..this was not) - $10. The Chai Pie was so old that the crust, which was rock hard and barely edible, separated right off the pie filling as soon as you try to stick your spoon into it. The whip cream on top was nastily bland and thick. I absolutely can't believe this place has such a high rating. Our bill came out to $100 (after tip)  and I was still hungry. I was so disappointed. I truly do not recommend this place to anyone (and I most certainly won't bring anyone here). There are A LOT better places to go to in the city.
Once again, we read a report about the food and tried it for brunch.  Very unusual food, but not too highly spiced.  We especially loved the icecream sandwhich.  My only problem is that the seats are most uncomfortable.  If you have a bad back, bring a pillow.  The only seats are metal chairs or wooded benches.
One of the best places to grab lunch in all of Flatiron. The Frankie chicken masala is the best guilty pleasure but there are plenty of great healthy choices as well. It's also still one of the undiscovered spots, so there's never a line during peak lunch hours.
Okay, so Pondicheri is Indian food to perfection. I was blown away. You must try the Chicken 25 or the Lamb dishes, so good so many flavors! I am not one to eat a lot of greens, but all the vegetables are filled with such flavor I cleared my plate. When desert comes around DO THE FIG BUTTER CAKE! I loved it so much! This is a place not to miss.
Had the Earth thalis (a sampler platter) and the lamb rajasthani (spicy but very good), which were both great. The pistachio apricot naan was also delicious. Best of all was probably the warm cherry butter cake for dessert, though.
Wonderful baked goods and unique breakfast entrees!   We started out with a ginger cloud and mawa cake, which were both delicious.  Then for entrees, we had the stuffed paratha, and green dosa.
I came here last week for dinner and was surprised that it was not very crowded, although it was raining out. The space is really cool, very airy and the tiling gives it a cool, relaxed feel. We sat at the bar for a drink before moving to a table for dinner. Everyone who works at Pondicheri is delightful: friendly, welcoming and helpful. I am not big on spice, so they were great at recommending dishes that wouldn't light my mouth on fire. We had vegetable samosas, chicken kebabs and another chicken dish that resembled tikka masala, but went by a different name, as well as garlic naan and rice. The garlic naan is GARLICKY. I LOVE garlic, more than the average person, and I think this naan was almost too garlicky (almost), so I bet for the average person, it would be too much, but was perfect for me. Skipped dessert, but would happily come back! Seems like it would be a good place for a large group dinner.
We were visiting from Chicago Amaaazing food Everything was delicious and different Highly recommended
Food and ambience was great! The staff was very nice about changing our table and request for extra gravy! Would definitely go back!!
I really wanted to love this place.The food is good and some very good.We had the OYSTER PAKORA CHAAT rather blandPONDICHERI SALAD great flavorsEarth THALIYogi THALIBoth good not greatONION NAAN was quite goodCHOCOLATE RICE pudding was undercooked and the accompanying chocolate GANACHE was too cold.The one cocktail my daughter ordered was the eSour which flavor-wise was well balanced; however, the drink itself was in the smallest glass possible with almost ZERO ALCOHOL and each drink took forever to receive.The staff:Just about everyone who works there looks like they came in off the street.The hostess, in particular, with frayed cut offs and a breezy top was inappropriate.The bathroom was filthy.The waitress, while sweet, knew just about nothing about the food.I suggest new front of the house management.At their prices they really need to polish more than the food.As far as I am concerned this is a pass for dinner.
We are huge fans of Pondicheri in Houston and go every time we return home from NYC. We were so excited when we found out they opened one in the city. Seems like they left out a few details. First we ordered the masala eggs. They were delicious, we were definitely missing the orange hot sauce. Please bring it to NYC! Secondly, we ordered the oatmeal. Ours came with no toppings (granola,coconut, seeds and fruit) that usually accompany it :( and the oats were undercooked and crunchy. Again, the flavor was great, just felt like it was incomplete. Feeling no rush to come back. We will probably just wait for our trips to Houston.
Came here for breakfast. There's a sign by the register that says no refunds. Why? Do they not trust themselves to make good food? The place was practically empty on a Sunday late morning... which is surprising yet telling given all the hype this place has gotten. I got a paratha with paneer (I really liked it. It was pretty good and filling, the perfect amount of food, with equal parts sweet and savory,) and my friend got the breakfast thali. He was disappointed because he said it was not authentic at all (yes, he is Indian.) The meat version comes with lamb, and the vegetarian option comes with... oatmeal. Not a fair deal at all, eh?  Masala chai didn't taste good, and the other tea that I got was nothing to write home about. On the way out I grabbed a mint coconut chocolate chip cookie. It was one of the best cookies I've had, based on texture and taste, but you couldn't really taste the mint or the coconut. I would come back here for their unique desserts but not necessarily for the sit-down food.
Service  was very poor and it took a long time for food to get to the table(about 45-50 mins)Food was alright but the 1 star is really just for the service.
We accidentally went for the Meatless Monday menu and it was amazing. We went back again the next week (when they had meat!) -- beyond satisfied. We plan to go every week. Every dish has so much love and a ton of ingredients. It's clear they source ingredients well and take their art seriously. Kudos to the chef and team!
Cute and casual. Ample seating. I come mainly for the pastries. A little pricey but delicious. Try the Mawa cake!
Very unique place.  Just had 2 baked products, the lemon square cookie and a plain roti (as we  weren't sure what else my daughter with an egg allergy could eat).  I like the location as it close to madison square park.  But do have 2 suggestions. 1) get better signage or easel sign for outside.  could barely tell it was there and that it was open.  I only found it because I knew to look for it (as mentioned in TimeOut Magazine).2) they do have vegan/gluten labelled clearly but expand notation or have a side/separate menu for major allergens (eg. at Eataly, a few blocks down, even at the gelato counter they have a separate laminated menu with the major allergens).  eg. dairy, nut, soy, eggshope to go back and try more things!
Thanks to my kind and loving boss who chose and ordered staff lunch from here. They are right next to our building. I had Frankie chicken and fries from there. They are delicious!!! Fries are very different from other places. Frankie chicken are very similar to Kati roll.
The food was good although the portion sizes are very small. My family of four ordered 6 items off the menu and our waitress commented that our meal would be "very light." Should've taken that as a sign and left. Overall the service was extremely slow. We eventually had to shift our empty plates over to one side of the table so our waitress would notice. As our food finally arrived our waitress also asked if we would like rice with our meal. I took this to imply that it would come free with the expensive meal we just ordered. It did not come free. Honestly, I would like to know if I'm ordering seven dollar rice or not. It felt as though our waitress only came into contact with us to try to upsell us on our meal. Her face noticeably fell when we decided not to order drinks and said we were fine with water for our meal, even though our bill total exceeded 100 dollars. I felt annoyed, which is not a good feeling to have when you leave dinner. The total price on the bill did not meet the quality of our dinner. Ps the fig butter cake was great. I would recommend the dessert menu highly.
Solid. Had lunch here after Nomad Bar was closed. Reasonable, good food, great ambiance.
This is a brand-new spot in Manhattan, currently only serving breakfast and lunch.   Charles had the coconut pancakes (with almonds, strawberries, and jaggery syrup) which were delicious.   I wanted to get the wonderfully-named railway omelet but it was a little too large.  Instead I ordered the "breakfast frankie" which was a masala omelet wrapped in a burrito.   I added a side order of uppma which I have always thought of as a delicious spicy Indian version of cream of wheat.  What I was served here was yellow and not quite what I was expecting.   But as I worked my way through it, the taste grew on me.   It turns out they make their uppma from cornmeal (gluten-free).   Not traditional but tasty.  There's lots more on their menu, including lime soda, lassi, and Limca.   There weren't many people in the dining room on Saturday morning, less than a week after they opened.    I hope this place gains some buzz and succeeds.
Oh Pondicheri, how I wanted to love thee. Lovely space, lofty ceilings, clever menu, open kitchen, and plenty of charm all around.But I should have been tipped off by the fact that it took the bartender 10 mins to notice me at the bar, which I was the sole occupant of, on a weekend night, with the restaurant about 20% full.The food:The millet dhoda is excellent. Oily, but very tasty. This was the highlight of the meal. Then it went downhill.The dal is sweet. Not slightly sweet, the way Bengali or Gujarati dal can be. Full-on sweet, as the only discernible flavoring. No.The ribs were dry. Tasty, but dried out in the way that they get when you cooked them yesterday and left them out by mistake. Also, topped with half a raw onion, sliced. Huh? No.The pork was somewhat flavorful. Not spicy per the menu (the ribs actually made me tear up at one point when I got a lump of spice in my mouth, so they can do spicy). Also, not Goan. No.The chicken kebabs were tasty. But spoiled by a sweet chutney directly under them. And dry. Not in the left-out way of the ribs, but in the forgot-to-take-them-off-the-grill way. Maybe.The Pav tasted stale. Which it probably was. On the thali, it was served griddled (and tasting of whatever oil had been used to griddle it), topped with two slices of cheese that hadn't quite melted, and an egg. Why? Because anything is better topped with an egg? And unmelted cheese? Aside from the fact that it didn't taste good on its own, it really didn't fit into the thali. You can't dip it in anything, you can't do anything with it. No.The kulfi. Oh kulfi, how I love you. I specifically asked if the kulfi was spiced with cinnamon or cardamom (the latter being the usual sweet spice for Indian food). The waitress (who was lovely) went to check with the manager. Cardamom, she said, with some pistachios. Yes, pistachios, but no, it was cinnamon. NO NO NO.I was surprised by the contrast between the positive reviews (especially from critics) and the mediocre food until I looked around at the clientele. Strange in NYC where there is amazing Indian food available at every price point, from Tamarind at the high end (no, not Indian Accent) to Kati Roll Company to the plethora of choices 3 blocks away from Pondicheri on Lexington Ave.
Fantastic food with great presentation. It's like an Indian fusion- as everyone knows there is different type of Indian food from each part of the country, they have tried to mix it all it once and it really fits with the way the serve it. Order a glass or maybe two of 1947 beer as it compliments the food very well. I should also mention the service was fantastic. Rachel and her staff are very friendly people. Can't wait to go back in Spring and try their spring menu.
Cheap starting ingredients, unconscious preparation and presentation (a dish that was part of a thali was mostly peanuts, when it was described as veggies and no mention of peanuts whatsoever), no little accompanying sauces etc- these people don't actually know or understand Indian food. I am far from an Indian food connoisseur, but even I could spot the glaring mistakes. Additionally, Otis unjustifiably expensive but the menu is designed in such a way to make you feel guilty for splurging because you wanted, you know, NAAN with your damn Indian meal. Service was slow and inattentive. Don't go here.
I have been to Anita's other two restaurants (Indica and Pondicheri) in Houston many times, and have always left very satisfied. Pondicheri in NYC was very much what I expected (amazing!) and I cannot wait to go eat there again. Great decor, excellent service and spectacular food! I got the vegetarian thali. The upma, parantha (with creative fried egg) yoghurt, salad and oatmeal were all very flavorful and delicious!
I had the chicken chaat salad.  Tasted pretty good.BUT, I tried to go over my lunch break and after waiting for about 30 minutes, I asked about my order and apparently it had been misplaced.  They brought out my salad a few minutes later, but then I had to quickly eat it in about 5 minutes to get back to work in time.I'm not sure if the food was good enough that I would give them another try due to the service.
The place is very large with an open kitchen. Liked the overall look. The food itself was mixed.  As we had gone on a Monday it was all vegetarian. The paneer manchurian was very good and would highly recommend. However the aloo paratha and the railway omelet were ok.  I've had much better at home...
I love the arty/exotic/whimsical decor, the spicy fragrance that permeates the entire restaurant, the warm and friendly staff, and the slightly upscale yet mellow ambiance.The food is exciting and unique.  I've sampled practically all of the Bake Lab treats-these are not your typical binge-inducing goodies, but really special and interesting bites.  I wouldn't come here when I'm craving a brownie, but if I'm in an exploratory and carb-seeking mood....it's perfect.  It elevates the act of eating a cookie into something seemingly profound or exploratory.  There are some wild flavors mixed in there...these treats are not for the faint of tastebud.  Watch out for the fiery spice in the Pondicheri bar, it's a doozy!The breakfast is also lovely-a colorful, flavorful, textural discovery waiting to be made, especially if you're burnt out on mediocre eggs benedict and the rest of the hackneyed overpriced NYC brunch fare.  They don't take reservations but I haven't found it hard to get a table at typical weekend brunch rush hour.
Great ambience and great vegetarian food. Not too many options but a nice combo of vegetarian and some non-vegetarian Indian food.
I'm a bit conflicted on the appropriate star rating because how exactly should you rate a restaurant that was above average in most ways; service, taste but seriously falls down on QPR? That's quality to price ratio for any non-oeniphiles. We had an early reservation on Friday night and when I arrived the place was pretty empty. I sat at the bar and ordered the gin drink with cucumber and chile, I can't remember the name but it was good if you like some heat. When my bf arrived we ordered some wine by the glass, a Syrah and a carignan which were both adequate. We decided on a few appetizers and 1 entree. We ordered the fries, which were very good, the khandivi also very good and a few bites off the bar menu. For the entree we had the ocean listed under the thalis which was another winner. The fish was perfectly cooked and flavorful and the accoutrements were interesting. The problem I think I have with this place is the price. I'm not knocking the food, it's definitely inventive and well executed I just feel like the prices are way out of whack. We ended up getting dessert which was a HUGE disappointment. I thought this place is known for their pastries and sweets? We ordered the sampler and left the majority of it as everything tasted a bit old and lacking in flavor. In ending, we left a bit perplexed as we had just spent $165 for uninspiring Indian food....pondicheri, you are no Babu Ji.
Tried this place after a recommendation from a friend but was very dissapointed. The food didnt taste good, was overly spicy and naan tasted stale. I decided to give it another go once again for tea and cake but the service was worse, had to wait an hour to get the chai as they had to make a fresh batch but the waitress forgot I was waiting at a table! It was only when i saw another customer being served and went to ask her then she said she thought I wasnt having tea! Will not be going again.
First off, I'd like to say the three stars are not because of bad food, but rather pricing at this restaurant. The food was good!  We went with a group of 6 and ordered the Rogan Josh for the table along with a Thali and Saag Paneer. The Rogan Josh was $62 and were told it was for 4-5 people, but we only got two Roti's. I could maybe justify spending $62 on a dish, but why would you not give enough bread for the 4-5 people that it is meant for?? So we had to buy a few extra naans for the table (annoying). The flavor and taste on the Rogan Josh though was really good! I just wish we didn't have to dedicate our whole meal to one item. Luckily we were in a big group so we got to try other items on the dish, but its really not a great idea when diners come in pairs or smaller groups. The saag paneer was mediocre. The Vishnu Thali that we got was good! I loved the fried okra. Also, the garlic naan came with an eggplant pickle which was really good as well. We ended with the Chai Pie and Parle G ice cream sandwiches. Chai Pie was my favorite! Overall, the place has really tasty and flavorful food! They really took south indian cuisine and made it super interesting and fun! The pricing/portions though need a second look.
Always innovative, especially the ever changing roster of baked goods. Try meatless mondays: Best veggie burger I ever has, though it has a different names. Chai pies are inzane
Read an article about this place and was really excited to try it out. We stopped by for dinner and ordered the Shrimp Rangoon, Chicken 25, Turmeric rice, Garlic Naan and Uttapam. Wanted to try out one of the cocktails on the menu but they weren't serving any. The food was served at room temperature and was not seasoned well. The Utappam was not done well and the rice was definitely undercooked. You could actually feel the crunch when you ate it. We returned the rice and asked for a new one but the server said, "I'm sorry but the chef says this is how she wants the rice cooked." Overall, it was a disappointment, especially for how much it cost. The cookies at the end were the highlight of my meal. Wouldn't go back again.
What a place! Pondicheri boldly wears its character on its sleeve. I was in a rush to catch a train, and popped in just for a coffee. but was truly magnetized by this place. The aroma, the shic decor, and the recipes can only be described in a word - tasteful. A true nostalgic experience comparable to an eatery in India - modest, friendly and stylish!
I love the atmosphere of this place, not to mention the food is second to none! It's a great spot to have a cup of tea or coffee and visit with friends of family.
Had a great meal overall! Food was delicious and very different from your normal Indian meal which mainly consists of chicken tikka masala and naan! Lots of great gluten free options, awesome desserts and after all the food, you don't feel bogged down or tired. Highly recommend!!
Not a place to grab a quick lunch in between work. Even though the restaurant had just two people having lunch, a salad took over 15 minutes. It's great food but only go if you have time on ur hands.
Dinner overall was good with the chicken 25 and naan very tasty. Be careful if you like your rice cooked - as some others have pointed out the rice is not cooked and upon complaining the restaurant says that is how the chef likes it prepared. It tastes as if if you opened a box of Uncle Ben's and threw some butter on top of it but forgot to actually cook it.Menu says they have draft beers but they do not. Service friendly but disorganized. This place has potential and I really wanted to like it, but with so many good Indian food options a couple of avenues away, hard to find a reason to come back.
True to the Houston tradition that they started, the NYC location is just as phenomenal! I had the chocolate chip cookie, truffle and the Panna to chase it down. Grander location with a bigger city vibe!
Had their Shrimp Chutney Salad recently and it was delicious! Light and wonderful flavors but very filling! Definitely a new craving :)
Considering this place just opened, I will come back and update this review after they've made some adjustments....if I ever go back to Pondicheri that is.  Was so happy to have a new Indian spot in the hood, but wasn't the greatest I've had.  The lentil samosa was ok, but the red dipping sauce tasted like marinara sauce they give you with mozz sicks.  And I ordered the Buddha Bun Kebab and it tasted like nothing...like the patty was flavorless, and so was the bun.  And all of it together was just soft.  Only taste that stood out was the yogurt, which is strange considering the description.May give it another go, but with the food, and the ordering system (order up front, sit around with a number at your desk...it's the same system my gym has going for it), may not be worth it.  The pastries looked really good, so that may be worth going back for.
This is for the breakfast. Flavors and spices were a touch bland and the eggs were on the dry side, I prefer fluffier eggs. I had high hopes from the Times review. The decor is swanky for an Indian restaurant, the menu has nouveau elements. I was a little disappointed but will try them again for lunch or dinner and see how the menu and service are like later.
Had lunch with family and everyone loved their food. My son said he could "eat the chicken 25 everyday". I had the chicken wings ( little spicy but delicious) and barley salad. Would visit again when in New York.
Decent food with multiple options for vegetarians. Nice twist to the regular Indian fare. The mawa cake was good and while nothing can come close to the original from Mumbai this one came close enough. My personal favorite is the pao bhaji. Will visit again and recommend to others.
My husband and I just stopped in after dropping out son off at daycare.  He got the stuffed paratha aloo and loved it.  I got an assortment of stuff to share with my colleagues.  I got one of each stuffed paratha, two vegetarian breakfast frankies, a mawa cake, and a scone.  My colleague who is from Mumbai said the mawa cake made her homesick.  Everyone thought all of the food was excellent!I believe it was the owners daughter working the counter.  She was really friendly and helpful.  The wait for all of our food wasn't too bad either.My only disappointment was that I couldn't get the chai this morning, but I will stop in another morning soon and hopefully it will be available.
It is a stretch to call this and Indian restaurant, Indian/American fusion would be more accurate. The back of the house, i.e. food, was good. The wings were outstanding; the lamb bun was not. The rest of the food was ok, but forgettable. The atmosphere is odd- modern cafeteria with sticky tables. The service was stunningly bad in the front of the house - it's primarily self service (you order and pay, then sit down with a number) and we were confused why we left a tip on a very pricey meal only to then clean off an abandoned table for ourselves, and continue to get up for napkins, cutlery, etc. ...so basically there is no service. The food also took forever, and came all at once as oppose to appetizers first. I suppose over all the food was fine, but not worth the price. I wouldn't recommend it to friends - its hard to enjoy the food when everything else is so off.
Super disorganized. Food is decent but we showed up for a reservation at 10pm and they said the kitchen was closed. Half the menu was unavailable.We complained to manager and she wouldn't  comp anything. Did give us a glass of champagne but would've been nicer to just comp something.Very very awkward experience.
Can never get the same cup of coffee twice.   One day it's delicious and one day it's sewer water.   At 4 bucks at pop it should be consistent.
A place like NY/NJ that has loads of very very good Indian restaurants, this place failed to impress me. I ordered the Buddha bun kebab which says its chickpea and paneer. Not only did it NOT have any paneer, It was very dry and the patty kept falling apart. Imagine eating a burger with knife and fork. The panna drink was extremely sweet, contrary to the authentic sweet sour flavour. It was not cold, they put ice cubes which were floating at the top and unable to cool the bottom half of the drink. I hope they get the full Houston menu here and I can pick something amazing the next time.
Just an average place so keep your expectations low. Ok to try some variety. Flavors not at NYC standard. Also, oily.
I came for Saturday brunch. Great ambience, good & interesting food. Yummy aaloo paratha n Buddha bun. Food feels clean and fresh. Green tea was literally tea bag tea. Gulab jamun donut was crap.
Excellent, excellent, excellent! Super taste, quality and presentation of delicious food at reasonable prices. This spot is a keeper for sure. Definitely recommend the chicken frankie, pondicheri salad, pau bhaji, and ALL the desserts!  Indian food done differently and done right!  You can't go wrong here.
Was so excited to hear this was open!  It's refreshing to have an Asian / Indian option for breakfast or brunch.  We tried a bunch of items...aloo paratha was clearly the best, as vetted by my two year daughter, and husband, who is Indian.  I had the masala eggs Frankie- it was yummy.  A little oily and reminded me of Mexican eggs and tortilla.  It was well spiced.  Beet uttapam was ok.  Did not particularly like the Buddha bun veggie sandwich - the patty itself had a sour aftertaste, and the accoutrements did not come together holistically.  I'll definitely be back to see how this place evolves and looking forward to trying dinner.
I've eaten here on three different delicious occasions. The Aviyal (coconut and ginger stew) combined with the pistachio apricot naan is an especially delectable combination in winter.
I love the original Pondicheri in Houston, and while I enjoyed the food here I was sad to see that the ambiance is slightly less intimate and cozy at the NYC location. The food was still great, albeit more expensive than I remember similar choices being in Houston, but that is to be expected. I would recommend the traditional sampler platters to anyone who has not been here before! Overall, it is still a very unique and exciting dining experience that is a great option for people who want to try-but don't necessarily love-indian food!
Cool new Indian spot! Spacious and lots of Interesting yummy treats in the front as well. A great addition to nomad area.
Absolutely delicious meal. The Roghan Josh Lamb is probably my new favorite Indian dish in this city. Incredibility delicious flavors and spice. Our group also tried the Kerala Shrimp which was also great. Can't wait to go back and try more.
Came here for lunch on a weekday looking for some Indian food.  The place looks nice and has a great atmosphere but that's were the positives end. Our food took a ridiculously long time to come out even though there weren't many people there.  When the food actually came I was extremely disappointed, very small portion for the the price and it didn't even taste good.  Maybe the worst Indian I've ever had.
This modern Indian restaurant is absolutely fantastic. I came for brunch and the chicken Frankie has me coming back for more. The pav bhaji, pondi latte, and the Bon vita ice cream sandwich was excellent as well. The service was very friendly and the ambiance was fresh. I've been looking for a semi-quick, modern, Indian fusion place like this in the city and have finally found the spot!
We came here on a Friday night, and while overall we liked the food, service was really bad. I think this restaurant is new so maybe it's still working out the kinks, but it's unfortunate because we live close by and are always going out to eat near us. First our waiter took forever to come over and take our order, even though he was standing 2 feet away from us. We kept wondering, is he coming over? Why is he just standing there? When he finally did take our order he didn't ask if we wanted drinks - missed opportunity. We heard the table behind us ask for draft beer to which the waiter said they didn't have any yet. My order came with a small tomato soup, and I'm not sure if I was supposed to sip it directly from the tin as I got no spoon. Our waiter didn't come back over to ask how our meal was even though the restaurant was not that busy, but someone else did come ask when we were finished and when my husband said he felt the rice was way undercooked, they said they were bringing a new one. We were already done but we figured, why not - it'll probably come out right away, it's rice. 10 minutes later and nothing, so we flagged someone down for the check. No offer for dessert, and the rice never came anyway. They should have offered to take it off the bill or ask if we wanted to wait for another order.HOWEVER, I did really enjoy my meal and my husband liked his chicken a lot too. I'd come back and try it again in a few weeks when hopefully they've worked out their service issues.
I'm from Houston and have been to Pondicheri's original restaurant there a few times. I also eat Indian food, and all kinds, several times a week, so I was looking forward to this experience. Ultimately it was very disappointing but I'm hoping the restaurant improves.First, the good:(1) I eat meat but I thought the Monday-night vegetarian menu to lessen the restaurant's environmental impact was a nice touch. I imagine it's risky to exclude many customers on one night of the week so I applaud the effort. However, perhaps this special menu should be clearly explained on the website? We didn't know about it until we saw the menu.(2) The dhabba dal and the paneer sigri kebab were fantastic. The dal was buttery but didn't feel heavy, the paneer tasted amazing and the beet cashew raita was amazing.(3) The lush lassis (lassi cocktails) were very good.The not-so-good:(1) We came at 9:30 on a Monday, which in New York is a reasonable time for dinner (I made a reservation at that time online). However, they were out of the Karela (bitter melon) appetizer and out of the Vegetable Biryani. When we asked for a side of rice instead of the biryani, they said they were out of rice. I've never heard of an Indian restaurant being out of rice.(2) Instead of the vegetable biryani they gave us 2 pieces of naan for four people. When we asked for more, they said the kitchen had closed. This was at approximately 10.15. If you can't accommodate bread orders at 10.15, don't take reservations for 9:30 pm. And if you're out of rice(!) at an Indian restaurant, you should make sure the diners get unlimited free naan instead.(3) Besides seeming very stressed, the servers didn't seem trained about the menu at all--they weren't particularly good at explaining the dishes or how to pronounce anything. I don't blame the servers for this--it's a new restaurant, and it's up to management to make sure they know the menu very well--and it seems they haven't done that yet. The restaurant has a lot of promise--hopefully it turns it around. I'm open to increasing my rating.
Went here for lunch. The food is very flavorful.  My previous complaint was that the wait times were long.  however that's no longer the case and what you're left with is great tasting food.
Based on some of its reviews- I was nervous about trying it. Hats off to the chef for proving me wrong. I don't give 5 stars easily. I expected the bland Indian food that I normally get from many Indian restaurants.  First, the ambience and decor is beautiful and unlike a typical Indian restaurant. Very spacious. Mix of booths and regular chairs and tables. Every detail is worth noticing. Next, the menu has recognizable dishes but ingredients that were used is not completely traditional. With that being said, it shocked me how great the food was! It was fusion without ruining the taste! The samosa with lentils and sauce- must get! The Frankie chicken wrap was good with a nice kick. If you can't handle spice, definitely mention it in your order.  My husband got the morning thali and was pleased with it. Easy to feel full fast. I don't know  about the bakery selections since I was pretty full but I'm ready to come back again with more of my friends and give it a try!
I love South Indian food and was exited to find Pondicheri around the corner from my new office. But after eating here three times, and each time felling kind of...ripped off, I have negative things to say. If you have a lamb dish on the menu at a whopping 28 dollars (comes with fried okra, another veg, paratha and rice) you HAVE to give the diner more then three small pieces of lamb and a bit more rice and veg. 28 dollars is a LOT. The dish is on the evening menu. The rice was probably a half cup, and my thali plate echoed empty in a sad way. Granted I opted out of the pickled egg and asked for extra rice, which I did not get. I had the lamb dish and a glass of wine, 55 dollars including tax and tip. I left hungry that night. At breakfast another day same thing, 28 dollars for a breakfast with a small portion of lamb, and chai. I will not be coming back - the owner is really nice, but it is too expensive and that is annoying. Portions, people!!
I really want to like this place.  It is new and right down the block from me but they have very odd hours.  Today, I walked in and ordered a tea.  Before I had a chance to finish my order the host told me the price.  I wanted to order more - for a late lunch and they said, sorry - you are between lunch and dinner and we don't serve now.  I said I would sit and wait and asked to get on the wifi - but they don't allow guests to be on the wifi.  A few weeks ago I tried to go in the evening and they were closed.  The few times I have gone and gotten food it has been pretty good - not super authentic indian food but yummy and clean and healthy but the place is just quite odd. Very odd.
My absolute favorite Indian in the neighborhood. Their masala chai is my first stop in the morning, and I pop in each afternoon for their delicious honey lime soda. It's only been open a few weeks and I have tried several dishes on the menu - none of which has been disappointing. My favorite is the stuffed aloo paronta.  Also, if you have a sweet tooth their orange blossom chocolate pastry is to die for. So excited to have this restaurant so close to home! A must try!
So bummed. Have looked forward to trying this place and stopped in for lunch today. I asked about the menu and it was confirmed they don't use organic or free range chicken. Seems pretty standard in NYC nowadays to use quality ingredients if you're charging 15$+ for a salad.  That said, I ordered two salads and skipped the protein. Both were forgettable. Greens slightly wilted. I can go around the corner to Sweetgreen, Little Beet or Mulberry + Vine for much higher quality food for much less. The baked goods were dry and tasteless. I won't be back.
Really great meal and atmosphere. I highly recommend the Aviyal for the table!
Nice place. Still finding its way in terms of ambiance. Food was excellent for what was being offered. Should serve rice with every thali, from a gastronomic point of view. Daal was too sweet, too. Something feels a bit off in the combinations that were comprising the offerings. But spices, flavors, were excellent. We had the rancher and earth dishes, very nice and quite filling.
One of the best fusion, east meets west restaurants I've been to. The decor is very minimalistic and rustic and it has a communal eating/cafeteria vibe which works great for Breakfast/Bruch and Lunch. Have to revisit for Dinner because they change the atmosphere...no more ordering at the counter and having the food brought to you at your table as they do for Breakfast and Lunch. They do have a full bar but it's not open during Brunch so if you are looking for a boozy brunch you will have to be Ok with wine and beer..no cocktails. The food itself was well made. Tasty but not bland and very interesting combinations. The wings were a hit at our table but it's totally not the typical wings..you literally get two big wings. Salads were great and I would highly recommend the stuffed breads..parathas. All around a great new find in the heart of the Flatiron!
So happy this place opened here in NYC. Huge fan of the Houston version. Every bit as good too!
The New Yorker wrote a believable fable about this restaurant last week. So I went there really expecting to like it. Something was off with the ambience, we'll let that slide. "We have a big bar because we're Texan" should have been the warning shot. It's nice to eat without a strangers' knee in your groin, top marks. Feeling marooned in an Indian food warehouse, low marks. Focusing on the food- The flavor wasn't developed. Of our three dishes- lamb, paneer, crudités with various sauces, they all fell on their face. The crudités were emaciated little dry fingers for dipping in dixie cups 1/3 full of tasteless condiments. The paneer was worthy of an all-you-can-eat truck stop buffet, and the lamb was a sad leg bathing in a spicy but bland mess of yesterdays' vegetables for the eye-gouging price of $65. They really nailed the naan, but I could have heated that up from Fairway for the same experience. The bartender mixed us some really unique cocktails. I should have had ten of them instead of ordering food.
Excellent breakfast - try the Frankie with masala eggs and the side of upma. Really nice space and decor, can't wait to come.back when they open for dinner. The only thing missing is South Indian filter coffee
i didn't really like the food i ordered.  the carrot paratha was pretty good though.
