Yum!! I love Tito Rads next door for Filipino food and had this place bookmarked forever. OMG - pure deliciousness and cheap as chalk just like TR's! Now the only problem is which one to go to when I'm hungry! The momos (dumplings) can take time, so order those first (they are hard to make and v fresh). They're known for their chili dishes available in shrimp, chicken, beef, or paneer (vegetarian) - had that, the noodles and veggie momos. Went to Nepal last year and am visiting Tibet this year. The food (and hospitality) felt truly authentic and the place was busy which is always a good sign. Note: hot is HOT. The hot sauces even come in 3 different gradients - if in doubt, go milder than you usually would.Namaste!
I am writing this review because I am craving laping and momo SO bad the past few days. I was introduced to this place by a couple of Tibetan classmates. They had invited me for momo and I tagged along because I've heard so much about momo from another Tibetan friend. I ordered the fried beef momo. It was actually pretty filling- very juicy and I had couple of choices of hot sauce to choose from so I tried all. My other favorite was the laping. When I first saw it , I thought it looked gross, but after trying it, I was hooked. It was SPICY but the addicting kind of spicy. The soy sauce added flavor to it. The mung bean noodles were VERY refreshing! Ahh I'm salivating as I'm thinking about how great it was. I also had the chance to try a bit of the ting mo, another great appetizer. It went along with the alum doo sauce that I dipped it in. The ting mo is similar to the Chinese man tou but there is a slight difference in flavor. I would come back if it weren't out of my way.
I came here to celebrate my birthday with my best friend only to find that they have closed "for personal reasons." I'm so disappointed since I only heard good things about their food.
The most convenient and authentic Tibetan food around queens boulevard....  Delivery is fast and the momos are beyond expectation.. recommened...
This place went from good to freaking nasty and worst place . Not coming back . The food has no taste at all . Just sharing my opinion folks .
Food was pretty darn good! Having a second waitress or waiter would have been great though. It was a Wednesday for lunch, and they weren't slammed, but between take out orders and the dining room, the waitress was literally running around. Dumplings were very different, very good. But when they tell you that something is "just a little bit spicy", beware!
I just want to eat the beef thenthuk every single day for the rest of my life. SO GOOD. Can't go wrong with chicken momos either.
Step 1: Come here. Step 2: Order lots of deliciousness, such as the "pork chilli" (stir-fry of pork belly and crisp veggies with red chili pepper) and the "special c-momo" (chicken or beef dumplings in a savory tomato stew). Step 3: Make sure they give you the awesome "tingmo bread" -- a steamed pull-apart loaf that's like a huge bao bun -- for cradling and sopping up the previously described deliciousness. Step 4: Pay your unbelievably small bill and leave.Step 5: Once hungry again, repeat steps 1-4.
Two words: Delicious food! When I first came here, I didn't know what to expect. I never tasted Tibetan food before so I don't have a baseline to compare it with.  Upon tasting the vegetable momos, I thought it tasted terrific. I drew up a list of what I found amazing: Vegetable pan fried noodles. It contained all the vegetables that I absolutely love: bok choy, carrots, broccoli, and snow peas. The Aloo Gobi tasted fabulous.  I like the fact the prices didn't break the bank. The decor looked quaint. The service rates an A+. I find the staff warm and friendly. While eating lunch here, I noticed a steady stream of people coming in. The look like regular customers. I highly recommend this place.
Really enjoyed their special c-dumplings, although its not too spicy. The pork chilli was a little fatty if that is your thing. Also tried the goat curry. My friends really liked the gaminess of the dish
I love this place. I could eat the beef thenthuk once a week. Also, their chicken chili and chicken corn soup is very nice also. And the butter tea is only $1.00!Also, great affordability and nice sized portions. This is a great place. It's also never crowded, and it's fairly quiet and private, so it's a nice place to take a friend for some good conversation. They don't rush you; it's a very comfortable place. And they deliver!
Okay here's the deal about Tibetan Dumpling Cafe.1) Over the course of 3 visits and 6-7 menu items tasted, it is consistently good.2) It is almost always empty even during a weekend prime time.3) Like all great places in Queens, it is cheap and accessible.The noodle dishes were especially memorable as it tasted freshly home-made. The beef tongue is flavorful and the momos, although thick-skinned, is juicy in the inside. Despite the restaurant name, I don't think their momos are vastly superior to that of tibetan and nepali restaurants around 74th st, but their entire menu is delicious and intricately made. The fact that there are no absolutely wrong choices (that I know of) speak volumes to the quality. Come for a nice unpretentious meal at a good price point.
Great food, comfortable, BYOB, what more can you ask for?  Low Key spot that deserves a visit.   The flavors are awesome.  You won't regret it.
I went there yesterday with my friends over there . We ordered beef thenthuks , beef chili, beef pan fried momo , beef pan fried noodles, sukuti etc. and all of those foods were so good . They were made very delicious and I felt like it's from my mom hand .I wanna go there everyday!
A quiet place with very welcoming staff. Even on a Saturday evening the place was half empty.I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I was not wowed by the sauce of the special C-momos: the dumplings are very good, and the sauce very garlicky; however, the sweetness of it is a little off putting... kinda like ketchup.Chicken gizzards: okish.Pork chili: rather flavorful, but kinda plain.Overall, nothing stood up to be fantastic, but for what they charge the food is decent.
For my first time eating Tibetan Cuisine, I have to say try this place out for sure.  The menu is quite extensive and had some of my favorite types of food. a. Dining in - The place is rather small with about seating for 20 or so.  If you go at peak times, be prepared to wait.  We went at about 8:00 pm on a Saturday night when it rained all day, so there was a few spaces left.  Expect a constant crowd.b.  Service - The service here is great. iF you are a first time Tibetan diner, just ask a ton of questions as they are very pleasant and very helpful!c.  Food - There was just two of us, so we had to be careful and at the same time, we had some really good stuff!Chicken Lollipop - I always love this. Chicken wings where the meat and all is pushed up from the bottom of the bone to over the top part of the bone. Makes for an interesting way to eat chicken wings, all the meat is centered at the top and the taste is concentrated there too.  Nice slight asian flavor, tangy and with a bit of spice.  I enjoyed it and you get 5 pieces in the order.Panghu Bhutan - What attracted me to this dish was that it was chicken gizzards pan fried with herbs and spices!  I really enjoyed this and enjoy gizzards, so this was a win. Nice taste, texture and we ordered this spicy and it was totally not too bad!Goat Curry - If you every had Rogan Josh, the goat had the consistency like this dish. The curry was much darker.  Overall it was good and all the goat meat is on the bone, just the way I like it.Special C Momo - Momo is their steamed dumpling.  I wanted to order the basic steamed beef dumpling and the waitress commented that the Special C was steamed and then after that was sautéed in with vegetables. They give you lots of dumplings so this was a filling dish. I found that being sautéed was nice, however, I would have probably enjoyed the simpler steam version as it was better. Bhaklep - This is a large pan fried bread, kind of thick that is cut up and used to sop up all the sauces and curry. I highly suggest you save room for this. Not too much in taste, but absorbs all the flavors very well. I enjoyed it very much.GK says, check this place out for sure!
Review for delivery only. The chicken momos are solid! Excellent value, full meal for $7, not bad at all. The dipping sauces pack a lot of heat and interesting flavor which makes up for the momos themselves being relatively bland. Taste-wise, I prefer Himalayan Yak's momo's but would order here again as the pricing is much better than HY.
Heard rave reviews about this place from a group who live in the Astoria area and I had to give them a try. I wanted to stop by, it was pouring rain and I took a chance to see if they would deliver once the train cleared - I live slightly outside of their delivery radius. They agreed and just informed I had to increase my delivery minimum (from the standard $15 to $30). I ordered 4 orders od veggie momos, veggie spring rolls and a butter tea. Everything was great and hot upon arrival. Their spring rolls were they BEST spring rolls that I have ever had. My girlfriend had just went to lie down for a nap and I bust in the room for her to try it...she had one bite and joined me for the rest! I will be back!
Yum yum yum!! My bf and I went to this place for my birthday dinner and it was my first time having Tibetan food so I didn't know what to expect. We ordered beef sukuti, pan-fried chicken momos (Kothey), steamed beef momos, beef thenthuk, and beef chow mein. The beef sukuti was deliciously spicy. From what I could tell and from what the menu said, this dish consisted of dried beef (almost like jerky), peppers, onions, and some Tibetan spices. Absolutely delish! (Though probably not for the spice-intolerant since it had my bf a bit spiced out. I loved it though!) The momos were great though I ended up preferring the steamed beef momos even though I was the one who ordered the pan-fried ones; The beef filling was just much more flavorful than the chicken. The chicken filling tasted somewhat like Vietnamese spring rolls, probably because they mixed in some basil, cilantro, or celery. Without soy sauce, the chicken momos just weren't seasoned enough; Aromatic, yes, but not savory enough. The beef momos, though, were perfect. The filling had the texture of ground beef but you could taste a multitude of flavors in the mix, probably some mushrooms and herbs and spices. Next time, I'm definitely getting pan-fried beef momos.The beef thenthuk was a soup noodle dish with hand-pulled noodles, spinach, tomatoes, cilantro, mushrooms, and beef. The noodles were perfect! Just the right amount of chewiness while still being surprisingly thin (whoever the noodle-pulling chef was, he/she's talented!). The other ingredients were fresh and worked exceptionally well together. The broth was well-seasoned and complex in flavor (not drowned in soy sauce or msg like most broths at Chinese restaurants). My only complaint is that the beef was a bit overcooked but that seems to be a general trend here so perhaps it's the Tibetan way of cooking beef? I don't know.Finally, the beef chow mein: It was a mouthful of joy! Not too salty, not too oily, and so so much more than just one note, like most fried noodle dishes are, especially when they're listed as "chow mein." The vegetables all tasted fresh and perfectly cooked, not overcooked and wilted or charred. The beef was a bit overcooked but very flavorful. Whatever spices and oils they used in this dish, I want in my kitchen pantry! The only thing that made me sad about this dish was its name. When I think of "chow mein," I think of fake chinese food. Granted, they probably dubbed this dish "chow mein" to avoid confusion among Westerners since "chow mein" has sadly come to mean "fried noodles" in America, but I still wish they would've named this dish properly.Food: 4/5 -- Delicious! If you're looking to try Tibetan food, you can't go wrong with this place.Service: 4/5 -- Attentive and friendlyAtmosphere: 4/5 -- Cozy, clean, intimateOverall: 4/5 -- YUM!
Feeling particularly adventurous, the husband and I decided to try Tibetan food for the first time. While outside and peering into the restaurant, we were initially reluctant as it was empty (aside from one person waiting for takeout) at prime lunch hour on a beautiful weekend, as compared to the neighboring Filipino restaurant which was packed. We went in anyway. The first table we walked by was a designated cellphone charging station for the staff with 3-4 cellphones charging away. I cannot say I was not taken aback as I found it to be very weird, uninviting, and unprofessional, but the waitresses were mostly young girls so I can see why. We were seated immediately and served cold water.We ordered a mango lassi, chicken lollipop, special c-momo, and the beef thenthuk. I liked the mango lassi with its strong yogurt and mild mango flavors, not sweet at all. It can be heavy and filling, however. The chicken lollipop really wasn't anything special, just your typical fried chicken served with sweet chili sauce. The winner here for me was the special c-momo. It isn't exactly #foodporn worthy since it was smothered with red sauce, looking all gross, but it was pretty good. The sauce appears to be tomato-based and is not as overwhelming in taste as it may look. In fact, I thought special c-momo really had a homemade feel to them and the beef had strong beef flavors which I appreciate. I was not fond of the beef thenthuk we ordered. The noodles appeared to be hand pulled and had a great texture to it which I enjoyed. However, the broth was very bland and the beef was tough and overcooked. We had to put a spoonful of chili peppers to make it somewhat more pleasing. Overall I thought the food was decent enough that I would not give up on Tibetan cuisine just yet. Who knows, maybe I just ordered the wrong things. Either way I would not come back here, but I would definitely want to try other Tibetan restaurants. More like 2.5 stars.
5 stars on the food but delivery is questionable. Their food is really very good. Fresh and light but still satisfying and filling. I haven't had every dish but the Tibetan Beef Thenthuk and Mokthuk (chicken or beef) and the Special C-Momo dumplings are so far my favorites although they could go a bit lighter on the salt in the Mokthuk. I'm just not a salt eater. Delivery still remains a bit of a problem. I live 3 blocks away and it takes over a 1/2 hour (closer to 45 minutes) for delivery and then the food is always only lukewarm, never hot. I can only guess that there are other deliveries being done and they start from the furthest away so I'm the last delivered to bringing the delivery person closer to the restaurant when he's done. If it's not this then there is a more serious problem because the food is always just lukewarm when I get it. The other delivery problem is their delivery people never ever have change. I guess they don't expect a tip. I had to tip the guy that delivered last night with 12 quarters from my laundry stash. I had no singles and he wasn't getting a $5 tip for walking 3 blocks so it's 3 stars for delivery. My advice to you is to absolutely order food from them but have the exact amount including tip ready and be prepared to reheat the food....or if you live close enough just walk on over which is what I intend to start doing even though winter is coming and I prefer delivery.
If you have yet to discover Tibetan/Nepali food, I urge you to come to this spot! Located a couple blocks off the 46th St stop on the 7 train, it's very easy to find. For a small spot, there are surprisingly a good number of tables inside. It accommodated our party of 20 and still had several tables for their other customers.While the momos are supposed to be the star of the show (we had beef, chicken, and veggie- all good), I was more impressed with the entrees. Other orders included veggie springs rolls (also good), and aloo dum (potatoes -tasty), beef sukuti (dried beef salted with onion, garlic, tomatoes, ginger and spices- DELICIOUS), and panghu bhutan chicken (chicken gizzard pan fried with Nepali herbs and spices- also surprisingly yummy.) These were our apps. It was a great start to this meal.Next came the Traditional Tibetan Shaptak which is stir fried sliced beef, onions, green and red peppers with Tibetan spices. It was served with a side of steamed Tibetan bread- tingmo. We had the goat curry(my favorite) with a side of rice, and Tibetan Style Cheley Khatsa-Stir fried beef tongue, green and red pepper with special sauce. (That was ok.) There were also several orders of tripe going around that my dinner companions loved. (I'm just not a tripe-girl.) If that wasn't enough food, we also had several orders of the shrimp chowmein, which was fine, but nothing extraordinary. It very much resembles your neighborhood Chinese take-out lomein. I was a first timer experiencing the fine cuisine of Tibet. I was not disappointed, and cannot wait to go back. Their service is friendly, fast, and they handled our large party without a problem. Food came out quickly without any problems.
I'm a fan of momos.So of course, I had Tibetan Dumpling Cafe bookmarked on my Yelp account for months. I finally got to come to the cafe. I came for the momos, and so I ordered the veg momos. Unfortunately, I didn't like them! The dough was thick and the innards were unremarkable. But! The paneer chilli is amazing. Get it with the funky spongy bread Tingmo. I think it's rice-based. It taste like the outside of a steamed bun. It soaks the chilli very nicely. The thali is great for people who want to try more than one dish. You get about five dishes in a silver platter. It's a Nepalese version of a Japanese bento box. Come here for your Nepalese fix and try the Tingmo. Everything is very inexpensive so your wallet will be happy you came here too.
The best momos! And the fried round meat dumplings are delicious. Thin dough, juicy meat inside, great flavored meat! Every time I let myself eat some wheat, it goes for momos!
Brand new (as in opened yesterday), Tibetan restaurant in Woodside.  First impressions.. very cozy but spacious with contemporary decor, and a young, hip and friendly staff.  Great atmosphere, and a traditional Tibetan menu with all the staples. They have 4 types of Momos (beef is quite good), the usual and very popular Thali plates and all the familiar eats of Tibetan cuisine. Everything seems to be perfectly authentic and truly feels like a wholesome, homemade meal.  This is a great choice for a larger group or even a intimate dinner date. They accept all credit cards it seems, and they also have a takeout menu.  Since they recently just opened, they offer slightly modified versions of their signature dishes.  I would be delighted to return and see what their usual offerings look like.  P.S. their plain lassi drink is THE best I've ever had!
The aroma from the kitchen is quite intoxicating. Tasty and spicy. I like this place a lot. The momo are great. The pan fried noodles are super tasty. The service is friend but it's also nice and simple. The location is probably the draw. Its just a little further the central business area. So the foot traffic comes a bit to a halt. I think they would do better if they were a bit closer. They have good spiciness to their food.
Well, deduct a star for a screaming baby; I don't know if the kid belongs to a staffer or a customer, but continuous high pitched shouting and screaming tends to distract from a meal. The momos are served with a medium and spicy paste on the side. Fair enough, but I prefer the basic soy, vinegar, garlic dipping sauce.The dried beef appetizer was tasty if you like chewy beef. In fairness, the beef is supposed to be jerky like. The shrimp in chili was decent, nothing special. The broth with dumplings - very bland broth, but the dumplings were quite tasty. Prices are low, ambience good when screaming children take a break. Interesting change of pace from the usual Thai and Chinese fare, though I prefer that to Tibetan.
Really a 3.5. Food is good. Hot & sour soup is not too strong. I prefer their version vs what you typically get at a Chinese take out restaurants. The fried beef mono were very good. Definitely a must have. Pan a Fried noodles was a bit bland. Goat Thali was also a good too but the goat was a little tough. Service is a bit awkward. Waitresses do not speak English very well and are shy. So they are not too talkative and if you ask them for recommendations they will point you out the popular dishes but don't really explain how they are cooked or the ingredients they use.
While I would never claim to be fluent in or even know any words in the Tibetan language, I am pretty certain that "Momo "translates into "delicious dumplings "I ordered two different kinds of Momo, one chicken and one beef. The beef Momo has a slightly thicker dumpling shell and has a delicious mixture of beef and spices inside the warm Chewy doughy shell.The chicken Momo has a much thinner casing and is filled with ground chicken with notes of cumin and Curry.Both are served with a spicy hot pepper dipping sauce. Can't wait to go back and try some of the other menu items
One weekend morning, my party of three rolled into the Tibetan Dumpling Cafe with some pretty serious appetites) -- we left feeling pretty stuffed and content and I felt pretty smug that this place was mere blocks from my home. We had a bunch of different dishes, and I'd say, individually, that they ranged from three to five stars. If you don't like very doughy dumplings, the momo is probably not for you (nor should you order any of the side breads/rolls -- tingmo and bhaklep), but trust me, the Special C Momo is hangover cure supreme and makes for a super filling meal. We did suspect that a large part of the sauce was comprised of ketchup, which made the dish very sweet, but it was a flavor I enjoyed. We also ordered the laphing (which seemed to me like a Sichuan dish I like but didn't quite hit the mark), fried rice, the beef shapthak (yes! get this!), the gyathuk soup (not as flavorful as I would have liked), and the chicken lollipops; personally, I'd stick to the Tibetan/Indian style things and not venture too far into the items that veer Chinese.The front of house staff here is comprised of effortlessly cool teenagers who are also very friendly, attentive, and happy to explain things on the menu. I feel very #blest to live in a neighborhood with such an array of Himalayan food options, and I'll definitely be back here for a fortifying meal again!
Oh my gosh the chicken momos are sooooo delicious!I ordered the vegetali and it came with a bit of very thing and the momo I ordered pan fried.The momos: you could taste the seasoning in the chicken. The cilantro and lime and garlic...The dhal, veg paneer, and some other vegan sides were so tasty! I didn't quite know what to expect and I devoured every morsel! I am looking forward to more!
Having tried many different foods must say Tibetan is one of the best especially at this place. Good quality food all around especially the momos a must try beef or vegetable with some hot sauce here is delicious.  Full of flavor with a friendly staff to go with it . The pan fried noodles here are also great . The meat entrees here are served with generous portions for you and a guest or even friends to share. I enjoy coming here and sure you will too. Parking is a little bit on the difficult side in the day but at night after 7 there are plenty may have to walk a block or two though.
Was so sad they ran out of the sausage, but I loved the snack of beef thenthuk (wide noodle soup big enough for 4 as an appetizer for only $7) and the saucy momos. Chicken lollipops were good, but that may just have been because I was hungry. We did a half dinner here and half at Tito's next door, to get a multi-country meal.
So delicious and cheap, and BYOB, omg this place is ridiculously good. My favorites are the special c momo (beef) and their chow mein. I would avoid the fried noodle anything as it is very FRIED as in crunchy and hard ramen noodles. But yeah the servers are so nice and it's a great place.
This place is special.The c mono special dumpling are really good but the chicken momo are even betterThe lollipop chicken nothing special.The mango lassi is fresh and good the beef patties were good flavored and crispy.Chow fun was with shrimp was good and I would cone again.
This place never disappoints! We have ordered several times for delivery and it always arrives on time, still hot and Delicious as ever!
After a gap I ordered something again for Quick lunch pickup to fill my belly before I go for my long meeting & they Surprised me today. They called me soonafter my food was ready( which was courteous) & I know what's good Tibetan food means & it was Best ever Seriously. I have to define good Tibetan Food while I'm eating. Food going in my mouth, that same time then you'll see me what exactly I mean lol... Ohman this place I'm glad it's in my area. My order was Shapta(beef Chilly) w/Tingmo ( Tibetan steamed-bun) not chinese types ok. And Juicy shabalay ( beef patties) thumbsup for shabalay . A Must visit & more to try from this place. will keep yu posted
Great selection of Tibetan food at extremely reasonable prices. I would recommend the special momo for something a bit different. The chicken momo were a bit doughy but still very good. Excellent butter tea as well.
We straggled in at around 3PM looking for lunch. Tibetan Dumpling Cafe looked similar to a place we like in Jackson Heights called Lali Guras (see my review on it) so we thought it might be worth a shot. We ordered a Aloo Dun (appetizer of steamed potatoes stir-fried with onions and peppers), a goat thali and beef C-momo. My boyfriend also had a regular lassi drink and said it was the best he's had. The Aloo Dun was nice, pretty basic and a little spicy. Portion-wise it was pretty big for what we expected, especially at the price of $3.99. The goat thali was close to what I expected. It came with a mild goat stew, daal, a soup with potatoes and soybeans, sautéed greens, creamy vermicelli pudding (typically rice pudding, but they use vermicelli instead), and a few pickled side items. Nothing about it was bad, but it certainly didn't stand out. The beef C-momo was the most unique thing we ordered. Usually we just order steamed momo and drizzle sauce on top, but having seen that C-momo is a popular Yelp dish, we decided to try it instead. C-momo is basically steamed momo that's been bathed in a sweet and savory sauce. I'm really not a fan of sweet sauces, so I couldn't get into it, but someone who appreciates that sort of thing might like it. Overall, I'd say that Tibetan Dumpling Cafe leans more on the Chinese side of culinary flavors than on the spicier Indian side. It was definitely worth trying, but I can't say I'd recommend it.
Their momos!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They are so well cooked and taste so delicious. Man I wish this place was closer to me so I could get momos all the time lol. Their Special c-momos are amazingly good, one order kinda fills me up though :(. Sucks because I always want to have more but my stomach doesn't have the capacity.Chicken lollipop and aloo dum are good appetizers to start off with before moving onto momos. But if you can't wait... no reason to order apps. Just go straight for the juicy momos. They offer a lot of other Tibetan dishes as well as some things you'd find at a Chinese take-out place. Will definitely try to try some of those other things if I can handle only having a few momos so I can have room for the other stuff. I hope this place never closes. Tibetan food doesn't seem to be very common throughout Queens so I'm really glad this place exists. Service is also pretty good, everyone there seems really nice and attentive!
I have been here a lot of times and they have never failed to impress me with the food. It's one of the best Tibetan restaurant I have ever been too. You should try the spicy Shrimp and lots more that's in the menu. They maintain good hygiene and a very good ambience
Food was excellent- fast service and tasted great. Had the special c-momos and the shrimp chili, plus some butter tea.Our waitress was very nice and helpful. Minus one star for not my favorite ~ambiance but I guess it is technically a "cafe" so bare bones is to be expected.
I'm addicted to their C Momos, I end up ordering from them every single night..I just can't help it..I love them
Lovely atmosphere, friendly staff, great food!   I had aloo dum (potatoes), tingmo (giant steamed bun), and veggie momos (Tibetan dumplings) -- all healthy portions and good flavor.
This place is good and flavorful, but I prefer Punda Tibetan for menu selection.
Had the beef momos and the Special C chicken momos w/ a side order of bao-like bread to soak up the sauce. The beef momos were tasty and accessible. The Special C chicken momos had curry in the filling and was covered in a flavorful, spicy sauce that wasn't too hot, allowing us to enjoy the flavor. The bao-like bread did a good job of soaking up the sauce. A couple mango lassis helped put out the fires whenever we ate the peppers in the sauce. Considering this place is next door to Tito Rad's, I can see momos and lechon in my future.
The best Nepali thali and momos!! Highly highly recommend! You'll be missing out if you don't try this place!
New favorite neighborhood joint. Service is friendly, prices are reasonable. The momos are bursting with complex flavors, and the chicken lollipops are cute and fun. I mean, its not perfect, the tingmo was microwaved and got hard and chewy quickly and I didn't like the pork chili--the skin was kept on the porkbelly and had become rock hard-- but flavors were good and my hubs was OK with it.Regardless, these little hiccups couldn't take away from the other good things. Maybe I'm just constantly disappointed in the other neighborhood food options but I keep trying to find excuses to go to this place to explore more of the menu.
Very pleasant waitresses! I do love Tibetan food. If you are in this kind of food I do recommend this place. Let's see what my Boricua hubby would say ;-)
Came with friends for lunch on 6/7. Service is friendly, albeit a little slow. No alcohol, but that is to be expected. Many different families, couples, friends, in a convivial environment. But how much do you care about that? I didn't think so.Momos - The chicken is more Chinese dumpling than Tibetan momo, wrapper-wise, but perfectly acceptable. The fried beef was a much more interesting texture than most fried dumplings - think empanada more than dumpling, and piping (PIPING) hot. But the C-momo is where it's at. While the sauce could have been spicier, it's very flavorful, peppery and tomatoey, and is really the only option you need, whether you go with beef or chicken.Bread - you need bread. You always need bread, and the soft pillowy dough is great for mopping up your curry or extra c-momo sauce.Potato Curry - possibly the best dish we ordered. The potatoes were perfectly cooked, and the curry was JUST spicy enough to want to do oodles of bread mopping.Paneer Curry - the paneer was a little out of place, rather over cooked (can paneer be too squeaky?), but the curry itself was good.Chow Mein - needed more mein. Lots more mein. I want mein, not bean sprouts with a few noodles. GIMME DAT MEIN!In all, a much needed Tibetan joint in Sunnyside (do not let the address fool you. It's about 10 feet into Woodside), and roughly on par with the momo joints in JH and woodside. Great lunch spot.
Write a review...This lovely little restaurant in Woodside (less than a block from the border with Sunnyside) features a modest little menu of Tibetan, Indian and Asian cuisine.  The sun-filled dining room with modest decor, stainless steel drinkware (a personal favorite) and comfortable, spacious seating make it a great spot for date night or family lunchtime.  Today my wife and I ventured out this way to visit the neighborhood and sample one of our favorite dishes, momo.  We had the veggie momo and beef momo in special sauce.  Both were incredibly flavorful and satisfying.  The beef momo was very light and extremely saucy, so much so that I requested a bowl of rice so the leftover sweet tomato and oniony goodness wouldn't go to waste.  The veggie momo was filled mostly with potato but peas and carrots made their presence known.  While these were very flavorful and delicious in their own right, they lacked the rich vegetable filling we've come to expect from the dish.  The Laping was also quite different from other places we've been.  The long rectangle shape was much more ideal than the large cubes we're use to but the Asian inspired sauce was very liquidy and tasted a bit too much like soy sauce.  It was good but I'd prefer the less liquidy, more cilantro heavy sauce found in other restaurants.  The service was great and the prices were extremely affordable.  They have these succulent little individually wrapped guava candies that you can take when you are done with the meal.  And for those of you potty pondering people out there the bathroom (single occupant room) was pretty decent.  Enjoy the pics I've included and check out this restaurant if you're in the area!
I've had Tibetan dumplings (momos) a few times before in Jackson Heights, and these are really good! We had some of their noodle dishes too and that was good (but pretty spicy). If you're not used to super spicy Tibetan/indian food, you  can ask for it mild. The staff is very friendly and the menu is quite diverse. The restaurant is small, but very cute.Sometimes parking can be a little tricky if you're making a pickup.
Wow, I had no idea this cafe has only been open for a short time! Already I can see this place being a staple in the neighborhood with Tito Rad's. EVERYTHING was good, and even better it was all reasonably priced. My favorites dishes were the special c chicken momos, laphing mung bean jelly, aloo dum, the chicken momos, veggie momos, and veggie thali. Service was kind and fast. I'm a big fan and can't wait to be back to try the soup + momo dishes from photos I see posted on Yelp!
Every single staff member there r super super friendly & the foods there r superb! We ended up trying there bc the owner next door recommended us to go(odd for competition restaurant to be recommending, right?) so we decided to give it a try after trying Filipino cuisine next door. Weve  had Momo Special dumplings, chicken lollipop, Tibetan bun, beef thenthuk noodle, Beef patties, steamed chicken dumplings. These r all of my favorites& every time I feel sick I crave for their butter tea!!!!! I can't stop thinking about their food bc it's not I buy reasonably priced, but awesome service n delicious foods!!!! It's almost like having mommys home cooked meal!I've got to go there at least every two weeks to get my Tibetan fix otherwise..... U don't want to know what kind of monster I turn into! Lol
Mo' Momo please!I had wanted to try this place since it opened- and finally got in last weekend- I just got back from my second visit!The ambiance is very nice and relaxing- service wasn't rushed, servers were super informative.  I started my meal with the Aloo Dum- which are potatoes with onions and incredible spices/  It was served with Tingmo which is incredible steamed bread.  Then I had the Special C-Momo- steamed beef dumplings in a rich  chili based sauce with peppers and onions.  Seriously- that dish is to die for.  AMAZING. I also tried the Fried Momo today- also very good. The serving sizes are huge, the price is low, the food is INCREDIBLE and the ambiance is lovely.    If you haven't gone- GO.
Brought my family here for my birthday that was paid for by my dear mother. I always try to be considerate when picking restaurants to whomever is paying since I have a large family. Well, this restaurant met that requirement and, more importantly, served one of the best Asian cuisines I have ever tasted. Their homemade dumplings and noodles served with savory broths and spices are amazing. Everyone at our table was quiet except for a few "mmmm" and "wow". Truly a great and low key kind of place that I highly recommend. Don't expect anything fancy, just great food and good service. :)
The taste of different spices accompany puffy breads and meat. A unique fare that's affordable. Did not disappoint.
Thank god I am not moving out of Sunnyside anytime soon, otherwise I would be so upset that I would miss this place.This is definitely one of the very few top cheap eats in the neighborhood. Excellent service, affordable price and tasty food with a great variety to choose from (even for vegetarians).It's one of those places where you'd want to try everything on the menu each time you go back, but wind up getting the same damn thing because it's just that good and you can't decide... So, I've been getting these over and over again: C-Mo (momo with special sauce), momos (duh!) and thalis.
Great food, very friendly staff. Best LASSI in the city...Overall my experience was pleasant, will definitely come back again.
I get momo craving every now and then. I am always in search for a good Nepali-momo place in NYC. No wonder, a good place is hard to find. Me and my friend ate few dishes here. Unlike so many other places, chicken momo here was juicy which was really a thumbs up. The spices they used is just the right amount. Not a single flavor was overpowering the momo. Next thing we had was Thali which was simple and good  just like the one cooked in home. In my opinion, a Thali  should have something that is sour and spicy and it was missing that element. Chicken lollipops  are a favorite part of my meal in any Nepali restaurants. They were decent here Crispy and crunchy.Price: reasonable Service: good (they didn't let my water glass    go empty)
Being a Tibetan myself,  I have high standards when it comes to food. This is my second time in a row and what an awesome experience! The best food ever!!! We ordered momos, thukpa, shabta,  thali and everything was prepared with excellence!  Sad that I didn't discover this three days ago. Totally an authentic and tasty food. Love it! Servers are always smiling and super professional! Will be my favorite place to visit and would recommend to all my friends!
Go for take out. Service is not only slow but they are selective.  We were waiting ages for out last order before leaving, dumplings, and their peeps got served before us so we took our last order to go.  It's not only us, we have spoken to other locals that agree that they favor their own people and serve thme first before they serve you.  Portions are tiny so while the prices are reasonable they quickly add up if you are really hungry.
I like the bhaklep bread, vegetable momo, beef thenthuk.I'm not a fan of the special c momo because I do not like my food smothered with sauce.The tingmo bread went well with the paneer dish but I liked the bhaklep bread more.My only concern is why I felt so incredibly thirsty after my meal.  Was I not supposed to drink the soup from the beef thenthuk?!
Absolutely delicious.  I had them for takeout and the Special Chicken dumplings are phenomenal.
Been here a few times now, and it's always excellent. Delicious and affordable and the staff are wonderful. Its also deceptively big inside, they accommodated a party of 10 recently and had like 6 or 7 4-seater tables to spare. I usually get some momos along with the tongue or the shaptak, but everything else I've tried has also been great.
Always a positive experience while coming to the city. Had beef sukuti, C momo, aloo, fried rice, chicken chowmein, pork, and some tibetan food too that I cant remember the name. They were all very tasty. One should go here at least once in a lifetime
This is why I miss NYC and this is what makes NYC and other truly diverse cities great. By truly diverse, I don't mean wannabe rascist places like the Twin Cities. Did you know Minneapolis tries to call itself Minne-apple? Hahaha!This family owned place was recommened to me by a lovely Tibetan lady that works at Lotus Nails down the street. She even called her daughter to make sure she got the name right for me and recommended dishes. All this even though she knew that I was in town for a few days and wouldn't be back for a while if ever. That's NYC hospitality. It's the real deal.We ordered beef sukuti, C momos (in the chili sauce), beef noodle soup and goat thali. Total before well-deserved 20% tip was $33. The food was amazing, made to order and full of flavor. My MN native husband was equally depressed that he was flying back to bland food country the next morning.The service was perfect: honest when I asked if I ordered too much and unobtrusive. Our water cups were never empty but we didn't feel suffocated. None of that fake, hyper, "hi my name is Tiffany/Amber/Bill Bob/blah blah, how are you? oh really? Wow! By the way, here's my upsell schtick. Buy these crappy specials."These amazing mom and pop places are rare. I wish them lots of success and I hope they are still around when I visit and finally move back.
I have been to this TIBETAN RESTAURANT couple of time and so far no complaints. Today I walked in around 7:00 pm wanted to introduce tibetan food to a friend and I am glad I chose this place. We ordered beef momo, chicken chowmein, chicken lollipop, mango lassi and tibetan tea. My friend loved the food so did I.  Next time when I go back in there I would like to try the C momo which I believe is the spicy momo. The server were friendly and the food was on time. If you are looking to try tibetan food LOOK NO FURTHER .
I've visited this place several times. The food is consistently very good. I am no Tibetan cuisine aficionado, but of the Tibetan restaurants I've tried, this is absolutely my favourite. My first visit the server recommended the C-momo, which I've had most every time I've gone back. The bread and steamed bun are both delicious! The dumplings are amazing, steamed, beautiful flavours. There's a lot love in this food!When I have visitors from out of town this is one of the first places I like to share with them.
I'm not a huge fan of Tibetan food but I love dumplings so I decided to give this place a try. We ordered chicken pan fried dumplings, beef dumplings with the special sauce and beef steamed dumplings. All 3 were delicious! They were plump and had a lot of filling inside. The dumpling skin was nice and chewy. We also ordered chow mein which tasted really good too. We saw that the table next to us ordered this white roll of bread that looked warm and and soft like a cinnamon roll. We asked for that and used it to dip in the special sauce that came with the dumplings. That was yummy. And it was all for a good affordable price!
My wife and I have been twice since this place opened. It has been great both times. The thang soup is delicious. It has a slightly funky flavor, but I couldn't stop eating it by the end of the meal. The chicken soup, while not as good as the thang, is also tasty.All the momo we've tried have been excellent. Everything comes out hot and fresh. The special C momo is drenched in a very flavorful sauce that is perfect for mopping up with the steamed bread. None of the food has disappointed so far.The service is fast and friendly. I didn't know how much I wanted a dumpling place in the area until Tibetan Dumpling Cafe opened. It's a very welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Absolutely loved this place. Not only was it affordable but I thought the food was excellent. We got good recommendations from a friendly waitress and were able to try a variety of different items. I was able to try a dish that was akin to fried cheese. Amazing. We will definitely go back and would recommend to anyone looking for a low key, affordable dinner that is a little out of the ordinary.
Tasty and spicy food at good prices.  The Special C momo's were flavorful and the paneer chili was delicious.  The steamed bun was a perfect way to sop up the tangy sauce.  Beware of the green chilis-- they burn.  The fried momos were not too exciting when they were piping hot, but when we ate the cold leftovers later that night, we found them delicious.My only criticism is that the service was pretty slow considering that the restaurant was not full.  Lackadaisical service.  I tried paying with a Visa gift card and they said it was declined but I am pretty sure they just did it wrong, which was annoying.
Eating at Tibetan Dimpling Cafe was an all around great experience.  We had beef momo, chicken lollipops and the chicken thali- all excellent And delicious.  Our server was very considerate and attentive and genuinely asked how we liked each dish.  We ended up asking to buy a half pint of the curry/chili condiment they serve on the table -it was that good!  To anyone looking to try something new and different: this place is it.
Perfectly nice but not as flavorful as the six other Himalayan/Nepalese/Tibetan places I've been to. None of the lemony pepper sauce. Just soy sauce with the momo, and brown salty sauce with the stir fry. I don't know the variations in these cuisines so I was probably expecting the wrong thing. It's nicely done food and good prices but not worth a trip if you're not local.
This place is fantastic. So far I've had the veggie momos, veg thali, mixed vegetables (tsel ne-zom), paneer chili (YUM!) and the tomato egg drop soup. Everything is delicious. I've only ordered take out so far, and delivery has been prompt and courteous. I would not recommend getting the thali delivered; as a dish it doesn't make sense since it's 5-6 small portions of different things. I think their dumplings are WAY better then the new place on 46th. I'm looking forward to trying their other veggie dishes! Let's keep this place in business, Sunnysiders and Woodsiders!
Love this spot! Food is delicious. Service is friendly. Definitely recommend it to everyone. The fried momo is great. The steamed momo is great! Come & try everything! Two thumbs up!
This relatively new restaurant is cozy, with friendly staff and appealing decor. It also smells wonderful inside - the kitchen is right there in front of us. The staff were accommodating in regards to allergies, and the food comes quickly.The  Aloo Dum (did I spell that right?) is heavenly. The spices are perfect, the potatoes melt in your mouth, and you are left with a pleasant aftertaste rich in flavor. There is also the perfect amount of crunch with the vegetables. Highly recommend. I couldn't stop eating - the spiced sauce was that good.The beef tongue (I forgot the name of the dish) is likewise delicious. The tongue is soft and the spice is excellent. The Pork Chili uses delicious and crisped pork belly and is also tasty. It's very similar to the beef tongue, just using pork instead.The Chicken Thali has a large variety of things. The chicken itself is absolutely amazing - the sauce is absolutely delicious and spiced well. This is something that you need to order- there are too many good things to describe. and it comes with a small desert as well! The best part? It's very inexpensive. You cannot come here and not get a Thali dish. Everything on the plate balances out.If you want delicious, spicy food where you get s large quantity and good quality for a small price, come here! This restaurant is a wonderful addition to Sunnyside!
This was our first time here and we will definitely be back. We had an early dinner on Saturday night and it was nice and quiet. Great service. We recommend the C-momo dumplings and chow mein. Enjoy!
Delicious.  We had Special C Momo and Thang soup. Beef Momo and lollipop Chicken. We ordered too much as we were so full. I'm coming back but we'll share an appetizer to save room for the meal. A great value
Momos (A.K.A. dumplings) and spicy noodle soup (named something I can't spell or pronounce) easily drew me into Tibetan Dumpling Cafe.  The momos were quite flavorful, and as a lover of spice, I was even caught off guard by their sauce.  It is HOT, like lips burning HOT, and I love it.  The noodles were pretty good too, the broth was a savory spicy container of goodness.  I'd gladly order them both again, and I encourage others to follow suit.
Lovely service, great food what more can u ask for. I had momos and pork chilly with tingmo (steamed dough) those were very good.
First was the Lentil Soup. Loved it. Next up Chicken fried rice. Homemade tasting and not greasy. And then there was Chicken Chilli. Lots of flavor. Finally Beef Pan Fried Noodle. Add the spicy sauce and it is a spicy winner. 5 stars.
I absolutely loved trying the food at this restaurant! Every item we tried was very interesting. We started off with the chicken lollipops which came with a delicious sweet chili dipping sauce. The next item we were going to order was the dropa khatsa. The waitress was kind enough to explain to us that this is tripe, which we didn't realize based off the description on the menu. I appreciated this as I don't think we would have enjoyed it. We then ordered the special c-momos and the sauce felt like it warmed your soul. I would love to have this dish on a cold snowy night. We also tried the bhaklep and dipped it in the remaining sauce which is something I would recommend doing. We ordered the shabaklep as our last dish which was also good. However, my favorite was the special c-momos. The prices are very reasonable, so you can try a few dishes like we did. This is a very nice addition to this neighborhood and prefect for when you want to try something different!
Worst restaurant I have ever been..the staff was shouting at eachother while attending customer! Worst customer service ever plus the kitchen was very dirty and untidy.!
Great Tibetan food! Cozy atmosphere, convenient location. The momo's are good, especially the Special C-Momo. I also like their bread and lollipop chicken. Very, very good.
This place has become my favorite restaurant in Sunnyside. I eat here (/get delivery) 1-3 times per week and am NEVER disappointed.Chicken gizzards, mung bean jelly, pan-fried momos (barely fried at all!), mango lassi, paneer chili...all of these dishes are amazing. SUCH a lovely addition to the neighborhood.
One of the Nice and affordable restaurants in sunnyside.a little bit different than traditional Chinese food that you would imagine.
Had the Chef special C Dumplings which were delicious, sweet and slightly tart. I would come back just for these dumplings.
i stop by from time to time when i crave for different tibetan taste.foods are great..i leave with satisfied taste buds and happy tummy when i be here.. thanks to the chef kelsang.. you guys are doing great .. keep it up..
I am a fan of the underdog.  And on the same block as the newly expanded Tito Rad's, this place will definitely be a neighborhood hit as well.  And if Tito's happens to be packed, you're still a winner because this place is a great spot for dinner or a snack.  The atmosphere is very relaxed as there are always a few customers waiting for food, but the energy is that of meditation, and nourishment compared to next doors fun, food festival feast.  Mango Lassi is a must if you dine there.  It is sweet, and cooling especially if you order something spicy like the Special C-Momo.  It's more yogurt than Mango, but I don't mind that especially if the cooling properties heal my burning mouth.  The dumplings are steamed and they are fresh, and they are hot.  You're paying that dollar extra compared to the Momo carts on 74th street because they are cooked al la minute.  Also steamed is a delicious Tingmo.  I am a fan of spice, and when a sauce is as good as the Special C-Momo's, you want nothing to be wasted.  Except I can't handle the 3 or 4 small green chiles they put inside.  I was wondering why this haricot vert was melting my mouth like lava.  Then I figured yea that wasn't a green bean at all.  The filling of the Special C-Momo I ordered the first time was chicken.  The chicken had a curry flavor to it that I really liked.  The second time I ordered it, I ordered the Beef and it was the same as the regular Beef one.  The regular beef filling is very delicious and unlike the carts on 74th street, it was pure meat goodness without crushed bones, and weird cartilage you may find at the carts.  All dumplings are hand rolled and filled.Winter is coming and if you want something that will warm you up, and it's also very filling order the Tibetan Thang Soup.  Imagine egg drop soup from the chinese restaurant on steroids.  Except it isn't gross and cornstarchy and there are also tomatoes in the soup that give it that extra depth.  And as I said before all temperatures on the food are on point and served boiling or just steamed.Their Chicken Lollipops aren't as tasty as UFC's chicken in my opinion but they are executed perfectly with their butchering, and frying.  The chicken had a good amount of meat, and the breading was very crispy.  I just wish I had more of the ginger, garlic spice flavor said to be on the menu.The Bhaklep is a dense bread.  It didn't bring me as much joy as the Tingmo.I haven't tried any of the other items on the menu.  I may or may not because i really like ordering the same thing.  Everyone must try mango lassi, Special C-Momo, and Tingmo.  The Tibetan dumpling cafe is still a new kitchen and they strive to serve you their best.  That is the sugar coated way of saying expect a wait for your perfectly executed food.
Definitely a nice first experience to a cuisine I've never tried before.  I left satisfied.Came here for an early dinner on a Saturday, starving and wanting to try something new.  The restaurant was pretty empty except for one family.  The restaurant itself is a little small, but was clean and quiet. The servers were extremely polite and would give little pointers to us about the food.  Our water glasses were never empty.For people who have not tried this type of cuisine before, the tastes reminded me of a milder version of Indian food.  Their momos,or dumplings, remind me more of Chinese dumplings.  We ordered beef momo to split.  I have to say that although I can only compare their momos to dumplings I've had at Chinese restaurants in the past, I was not a huge fan of their dumplings.  The actual filling was not as seasoned as I would have liked and it seemed like the small amount of broth  or juice that was inside had all of the flavor.  I ordered a chicken thali and my friend ordered a beef thali. Both thalis came out  with bowls of lentil soup, beans in a sauce that had spices similar to Indian food, a bowl of noodles in a sweet milky soup, some sauteed greens (I think they were spinach, but I don't remember exactly), some spiced or pickled vegetables, crispy flat bread, and rice.  I have the say first off that the thalis were DELICIOUS.  I would have been completely happy with JUST the chicken thali over rice.  The beans in sauce were delicious too.  The beans had a great texture and the sauce was very tasty.  I also loved the crispy flat bread that came out with it too.  I would have been completely happy with just these dishes.The other dishes that were included just didn't excite me.  The lentil soup needs to be stirred before eating (from what the waitress had told us).  The flavor is very mild and comforting, but it wasn't something I would write home about.  I wasn't fond of the spiced or pickled vegetables, but I assume it is a cultural thing (like how I like to eat kimchi, but other non-Korean folks may not like it).  I'm not exactly sure what it was, but it was just too strong of a taste for me.  The noodles in the white milky soup did not really wow me either (it should be eaten last since it is sweet).  I also have to say that I was not fond of the rice.  It just seemed similar to a boxed rice that you might find in a supermarket.  The texture seemed a little powdery to me.Although there were some aspects of the meal that were "eh," the other parts of the meal more than made up for it.  I had a great experience overall and left satisfied.  I would definitely come again just to have the chicken thali and perhaps try the momos again (perhaps a different kind of momo, or the special C momos that I keep reading about in the reviews).  I think I heard they do take out, but the restaurant itself is nice enough to dine inside and the service was awesome.
Great little Tibetan restaurant - delicious momos! and if you like traditional tibetan sausage called Juma - this is the best - really fresh and delicious. the staff are lovely and warm  - you will enjoy your experience there :)
The momo was spectacular, what a great find! I will be dreaming of this place until I am back in town. I loved the fried beef momo and that Special C sauce is phenomenal, wonderful favor! This is great comfort food that has the effect of brightening up the dreariest of days! I would recommend this place to anyone who loves dumplings or anyone looking to try something uniquely Tibetan... they also have Indian dishes! It's a win-win-win situation.
Finally Sunnyside has a decent Tibetan restaurant! The momos are great and the ginger pickles were a nice addition. The food Is reasonably priced. We also tried the chili paneer (cheese) which could use less gravy. All in all, this is going to be a go to place! The only disappointment was the Chinese candy they give you with the bill. Hey, I thought this was a Tibetan restaurant! One less star for that.
A delightful and well-priced dinner. The location is convenient. The restaurant is clean. The prices are great. What more can you ask for?
I really, really wanted to like this place. The special C momo was easily the best part of the meal. The dumplings were moist, tasty, and the sauce was delicious. The vegetarian thali curry was a bunch of little bowls of different veggies and sauces, none of which were that great. The paneer was either overcooked or undercooked (I couldn't tell) and the onions and peppers that came with the dish were practically raw.
Love this place, We were seated right away. Me and my friend both were starving so, we order Nepali Thali which was made fresh so, enjoyed the food a lot. I would definitely recommend this place.
This place is awesome! If you like spicy food try the laphing. It makes you delirious from endorphins due to the heat but it's so good you'll eat two!
Inexpensive, delicious. We had a few momo variations, a bowl of chicken soup and some sort of platter with lots of stuff and things to dip into (name escaping me at the moment). Friendly staff, very chill ambiance. Walked out stuffed :) Go here!
The Food is amazing. I have tried a lot of their dishes and all were exceptional. Didn't try the thali, cause its a Nepalese dish and I am usually attracted by other items in the menu. Anyways, definitely my top 3 tibetan restaurants in NYC.
Liked the food especially the lollipop chicken. The sauce-y dumplings weren't my cup of tea though.
AMAZING food! Ordered delivery for a party because I wanted to try something new and was very pleasantly surprised by the delicious food! We ordered Momo's, Chicken lollipops, and a few other things, Everything was fabulous. Will definitely be dining here again!
So excited that this place is in the neighborhood! I've ordered from this place three times already. The C-Momo dumplings are amazing, but beware those tiny green peppers that look like green beans - I bit into one not expecting it to be a pepper, and sweet Jesus, it was hot as hell! The beef dumplings are also delicious. The chicken dumplings are way better pan-fried. This place is super cheap, and three-orders of dumplings for two-people (including a weight-lifting male) was overly ambitious and resulted in two meals. Eventually, I'll venture beyond the dumplings...
I've recently become a big fan of Tibetan food (particularly Momo) and I was very glad when this place opened up in the neighborhood. There's only one other place that offers Momo in Sunnyside and it's not all that great. That being said, Tibetan Dumpling Cafe is delicious. Very authentic food. So definitely check it out.
The food here is slamming. Would give five stars if not for the slightly limited menu. Minor quibbles aside, the staff are polite and welcoming, the ambience pleasant and I am just so happy this restaurant opened in my neighbourhood.
