I've only ever gotten delivery from here but I was so impressed! I've tried several Indian delivery places near here and they've all been terrible until this place. We got the daal and the saag paneer with the garlic naan. Everything was excellent. The food was not too creamy with plenty of spicies and fresh ingredients. My only regret is that we didn't order more food to hold us over for the following night. Delivery took about 30-40 mins as advertised but the food was hot and it came right to our door. There was no crazy delivery minimum and the prices were completely reasonable. I'll likely be ordering again from here next week and trying out the chicken tikka. So happy to have found this place so let's keep it in business.
This hole is the wall spot had some of the best Indian food. The people were very friendly and courteous. Everything we ate was delicious and flavorful.
Tried this place out for the first time via Uber Eats. I place a ordered for samosas, banana pakora and a vegetable jalfrezi. Literally everything was delicious, hot to serve and immaculately flavored! I will DEFINITELY be placing another order soon.
I have had Agra Grill twice so far. Living in the Bronx, it can be difficult for me to find good food places like what I am used to coming from California or like the options in Manhattan and Brooklyn. I love Indian food, and Agra has not disappointed! The first time I had them I ordered them on UberEats. All of my food came correctly. I am Vegan, and I loved that they have plenty of Vegan options to choose from. I ordered the Veggie Samosa and the Vegetable Jalfrezi. They both were delicious! The spices were tasty. My boyfriend who is not vegan also loved the Veggie Samosas, and he ordered the Salmon...I think it was tandoori Salmon, but I can't remember. He loved his food as well. Sadly, they are no longer on UberEats, but hopefully they will be soon. I def recommend this place!
I love the vegetarian box here. It is my tried and true. It costs only 7.99 until 3:30 pm and it's a HUGE portion that comes with two main portions, rice and naan. No matter what I eat first I always have naan left over. The bread is too big to eat whole. You can make two meals out of this one "box." The couple that own the place always make conversation and smile. Trust me...making any effort to have a conversation is huge here. I appreciate that. The place is always clean. I've dined in only once and I remember that when a place was empty the lady would quickly pick it up. I felt as if they didn't want to have anything appear dirty and that included dishes. Food is great and I go every week.
*Came here last night with my husband & the lovely lady who assisted us was very nice. There isn't many Indian restaurants in the bronx. So you can imagine how happy we was to have come upon this gem. We ordered veggie samosas, garlic naan, channa masala, & saag panner. We ate every single bit of food, everything was extremely delicious. We wish they were located closer to us, so we can order & get delivery but when it gets nicer out we will definitely be back!! We have been to every single Indian/Bengali/Paki/ Desi restaurant in the bronx but this restaurant served the best Indian food we have ever had in the bx!!
Scrumptious comfort food. Generous portions that will leave you with a craving for more for days.
This place has the best Indian food I've ever eaten. It's my new go to place! Everything is always so fresh and delicious. The chicken and lamb are both cooked to perfection. Keep up the good work guys.
I ordered through uber eats. Let's start with the fact that they delivered the food with no utensils, I had this delivered to my place of work so it's not like I had silverware lying around...:so that is unacceptable especially when you e pact to getting premium food for a premium price.. 2nd the food was horrible (the worst tasting chicken tiki masala I have ever had!!!) I will never order from this place again and if you are smart you won't either unless you want mediocre food and service!
Another delicious meal from Agra Grill. Delicious Chicken tiki masala, Chicken korma, panir and vegetable pakoras. Delivered by a very nice person. This place is great. Best of luck to you Agra Grill.
Great food...we catered for birthday dinner it was much better than going out .We did the naans plain and aloo  ,lamb biryani,goat shrimp fish and chicken tandoori (not over cooked or dried out)samosas dhal awesome meal .Delivery was precise and service great.I would reorder.Cons :not enough yogurt sauce and sweet rice .
Food was okay, but it took them TWO HOURS to deliver 2 dishes when I only live a mile away. It was on a friday night and the weather conditions were fine. I called to complain, and they promised a 10% discount on my next order, but I will pass.
I lived in London for a long time. This reminds me of the Indian food there, which is high praise indeed. The people are warm, courtly, and conscientious too. I never order Indian from anywhere else in the area.
Samosas are usually my favorite thing but these samosas were super bland! The Garlic Naan wasn't super garlicky but passable. On the bright side, I had the Malai Kofta and it was very flavorful and my partner had the Special Vegetable Delight and said it was "light and tasty" thought they kept dipping into my dish! We pretty much dipped everything into my dish's sauce, it was the best part although there were only 3 vegetable balls for a whole lot of sauce. Overall it was pretty expensive and I'm not sure if the quantity of food makes up for the cost.
Food is yummy!!! Me & hubby got chicken tandori it was real good, Keema naan and aloo matar gobi - very good. Hubby wanted something like goat in thick sauce but wasn't sure, the chef recommend that she will make a special just for him which was very nice & delicious. The food came with a yummy sauces everything was fresh a tasty. We quickly became regulars, highly recommend!
Great Indian food and always consistent, thankfully there is atleast one decent Indian restaurant in the Bronx
Oh man. Where to begin. Sundays are the only days my SO and I have together to enjoy.  We love Indian food and decided to try this new place out. Ordered at 125 and received it at 235, which is reasonable since max delivery time was 70 mins. The delivery guy was personable and apologised for the delivery time, which really wasn't an issue. We sat down to watch a show while we are and realized that we were missing 2 of the 3 garlic naans that we paid for, plus the raita that we paid $3 for was the tiny. Mistakes happen, so we call to let them know, and they apologized and said they were sending it right over. They're only 15 mins away from us, so after waiting 35 I give them a call to follow up. They apologized again (all the while trying to speak over me/ trying to get me off the phone) and said it would be another 10-15. I was getting irritated but still hungry so I waited. 17 mins passed ( I was keeping track, I know you guys would too) and decided to follow up. Once again the man (turned out his name Mohammed who is also the delivery driver) picked up and said we'll be there in 10-15. I exclaimed that I already waited the initial 10-15 plus the first 30 before that. He said, and I quote," we still need to make the naan. It takes time". I've never been to an Indian restaurant where naan takes over an hour to make. Never. After an hour and five minutes passed, we finally get the phone call that he's downstairs. At this point the food is cold, my frustration took away my hunger and I just want to forget this experience. The delivery driver states that he's who I spoke to over the phone and I'm surprised because he was nice and friendly in person, but rude over the phone. I decided to just get back the money for the food i didn't receive plus the tip. I will not recommend or order from this establishment in the future. The sauce they use for their vindaloo is delicious although the chicken was tough/overcooked. The portions you get does not justify the price. They can be a contender if they get their act together.
Definitely more of a takeout place but we dined in. The food was delicious and we enjoyed a large offering of seafood options. The best part was the lovely staff. The owners actually care about the food they serve and I was also really happy to see how nicely they treated the young men doing deliveries. We will definitely be back and have this food delivered too.
I ordered from seamless once and it was amazing. I ordered again and it was so subpar I was sad I wasted my money and time :(((
Phenomenal! I needed to satisfy my craving for Indian cuisine and feel lucky to find Agra Grill in my area. I ordered with Grubhub, and they arrived earlier than estimated. The food was warm, and the samosas impressed my family. Now I can get Mango Lassi and vegetarian options without venturing out of the Bronx. Will order again soon.
OK.. I don't always give 5 stars... I don't even post as much as I should. But today I have to take the time to write review of this hidden gem on White Plains Road.  I ordered on Grub Hub.  I ordered Onion Bhujia to start. These onion fritters are awesome. Very tasty and fried perfectly.. I also ordered Chicken Korma Saag Peener as well as Kashmiri Pullao. Everything was great in was pleasantly surprised of the quality of this meal. I never had Kashmiri before so I didn't know what to expect. I'll say this OMG that's my go too dish from now on. I'm not a big Peener fan but theirs was great. Texture was good and the flavor hit the right spot. I can't wait to return. This will be my new Indian spot.  Please support this business. This is what we need here in the NE Bronx..
Ordered, waited an hour, called the restaurant, guy apologized because he was busy and his delivery guy didn't come in on time, said it would be another 35-40 minutes. Waited 35-40 minutes, called, said it would be another 20 minutes, so I cancelled the order. Ruined my evening. If you can't deliver, you should call me right away instead of wasting 2 hours of my life hungry.
Our delivery guy Kuresh was great. He came a long way to get us our food, which we really appreciate. The food was very good. We would definitely order again.
I wouldn't have known about this restaurant if it weren't for their presence on GrubHub. I've ordered delivery twice from them, and the food is very good, with generous portions of proteins, vegetables and sauces. The delivery person is very friendly. Timing may be an issue: give them enough time to prepare and deliver your order; you may want to order well in advance of when you're planning to eat your meal.
My husband and just ordered a pick up from here - and we have to say the food is exceptionally good. My father is a chef -- so I know what good Indian food should taste like. We ordered the Lamb Bhuna, and garlic naan - and it was like home-made. It wasn't too greasy, or too buttery - perfect! I'm so excited that this place opened up in my neighborhood, and I hope they continue to do well! The restaurant, has a few tables, and it's really adorable - it's painted a sweet light pink. Not to mention, the folks who work there are Bengali - another plus in my book!Congrats on the opening you guys are doing a wonderful job!
So happy to find this spot in the Up here that delivers. The food was very flavorful and I will definitely be ordering again.
Glad to have good Indian food in the Northeast Bronx. Just finished eating their food- everything was cooked well. They offer a deal where you get an appetizer, entree and naan bread for $13.95. It took an hour via Grub Hub but that was the expected delivery time prior to ordering. Would order again.
This place is not halal, it is HARAM when the delivery boy makes you come out from the shower because he showed up 30 minutes early. Never ordering from here again and will tell all my Muslim friends and family the same thing.
This restaurant recently showed up on grubhub for the neighborhood south of Fordham road and seemed like a decent alternative. After offering on grubhub, the manager called me and said his delivery man was out for the day and they didn't have a car, but said he would see what he can do. I was a little worried it would take forever to be delivered. Despite this the delivery was right at the estimated time because the manager himself delivered. All the food was fresh and delicious. I will definitely order from here again.
