MasalaWala is a cozy Indian restaurant that probably seats 8 parties. I arrived at 6pm and the waiters kindly moved a reservation table over for us since they figured they had some time.Check in for the samosa! Freshly fried, hot to the tongue, and a nice appetizer to start off with. You won't need to order an appetizer if you're ordering an entree for yourself if you redeem your check in. However, being the glutton that I am, I ordered a garlic naan as well and it was fragrant and not as garlic-y as I sniffed it out to be.My boyfriend ordered the lamb biryani, and BOYYY it was HOT. He was sweating from how spicy it was and we had to pour two white sauces (sorry, i wish i knew what this was) into the dish to level it out. If we had known it were this spicy, we would've ordered something else or requested it mild. The lamb chunks were large and generous, and if you can handle your heat, you'll probably appreciate this dish. I ordered the chicken madras and it was really delicious. It says "mustard" in the menu, but fret not, because by mustard they mean mustard seed. This dish was not spicy, flavorful, and not too creamy. My boyfriend and I finished it to the very last drop :). We also ordered mango lassis and they were sooo refreshing. It's essentially a mango and yogurt concoction that definitely soothed our taste buds from the biryani's heat and from never drinking enough water. My only wish would be for it to be a colder drink. With all this food our bill came out to be 58 (2 entrees, 1 app + free app, 2 drinks) without tip. Not too shabby for a hefty meal, though I wish we could've fully enjoyed the biryani!
As someone who does not really like Indian food, a three star rating is huge! The restaurant itself is small with around 10 tables max. It also has no AC so it got preeetty warm during our meal. However, servers were attentive and kind yet not overwhelming. For food, we ordered the chicken tikki marsala, 2 orders of the garlic naan, chicken saagwala, and a cauliflower dish that I do not remember the name of. The chicken tikki marsala was my favorite and i obviously thoroughly enjoyed the garlic naan. Probably had a whole order to myself. All the dishes came with a bowl of rice for each of us and we all shared so I was able to try a little bit of everything. I cannot say that this place has changed me and made me a fan of indian food but I enjoyed my meal and would recommend this place to any indian food lover.
This is one of my favorite restaurants- Especially on the lower east side. The dishes are flavorful and cooked to perfection. Service is persistent and I love how the menu teaches you a few words. A must go! Definitely try the Chowpatty Samosa Chaat!
Went here for date night with the beau and enjoyed the experience from the minute we walked in. Service was stellar (the MasalaWala runs the joint and keeps things flowing; he dropped by the table a few times to check in on us and crack some jokes!). The food was delightful! It was my husband's first Indian food experience and he enjoyed. What I loved most was how "approachable" the menu felt, even for the newbie! We started with garlic naan and the Wala non veg sampler...garlic naan wasnt the best I had, but the sampler was delicious! LMy husband got the Wala Mix Grill (it was a HUGE portion!) and I got - shrimp dish, can't remember the name, but it was INCREDIBLE. So flavorful...such plump shrimps, and very hearty!Save a little room for the super sweet but also savory Gulab Jamun...yummmm!We'll be back! (Ps - it's pretty small...make a reservation if you can!)
Everything is so good except Pani Puri. Wala Lamb Chops and Chili Cheese Naan were one of the best I ever had and chicken biryani was great too. Everything on Wala Mix Grill was good. Will totally recommend this place.
Some of the best Indian food I've ever had. The owner was extremely accommodating and friendly. Small place and it was crowded, but yet we had no problem getting a seat. The tables weren't so close that you were on top of other people.  We got the Paneer Tikka Masala and Chicken Chettinad. Both dishes were amazing. The waiter was helpful in explaining all the dishes to us and answering our questions.
Some of the best Indian food I've had in NYC. I like it better than the places I've been to in Murray Hill. The owner is also very friendly and excited to meet all the guests.
Great spot! We're vegan and had plenty of options. Service was exceptional and the food hit the spot! Definitely a place we would return to. Ordered the yellow daal and the spicy vegetable dish. Great!
Not the best Indian food I had , but one of the most expensive one for sure .Food is ok nothing special about this place .When you order from the lunch menu you get a small tiny portion of food , not my cup of tea .
Excellent food! Simple little place with fantastic service and delicious somewhat distinctive food to go with it.
One of my go to Indian restaurant in the LES. Their food is always delicious and they are great service. The owner would go around greeting his guests in the restaurant which I thought was very cute.The only thing is the chicken in the Tika masala can be a bit dry. Also free samosa when you check in!
Vegetarian lovers unite alert! This like many other indian restaurants accommodate to vegetarians but this one presents a new realm of indian food for manhattan. Manhattan is notorious for bad Indian food ( at least the restraints that are affordable).   Physical layout:-The restaurant is a small, cute restaurant that is compacted. -When i called to make a reservation for two the man told me it was first come, first served. When i got to the restaurant he stared at me and asked if i had a reservation. -______- -Regardless he was able to find us a table ASAP. We sat next to a bromance table which surprising was comfortable even though compact.  - if look at the surrounding walls you will find indian paintings that set the mood for the restaurant The service : - prompt, efficient and accommodating - didn't have to ask for water refills- saw i needed napkins ( lol was eating desii style with my hands) and brought them to me without me asking - spaced the appetizers, main course and chai out wellFOOOOOD!- y'all best check in and get that FREE samosa -The Manchurian was a must have - definitely will be coming back just for this - the tikka masala paneer was very yummy but was quite sweet which i do not like. To solve this i added lemon and took a bite of green chili - spice lovers ask for very spicy- medium did nothing ( warning I'm a spice monster aka my entire plate is usually red from spice)- chai i didn't like because it was  heavy and lacked spices overall loved this experience and will be coming back. Ill see you soon Manchurian dish, ill see you soon.
I LOVE Indian food, and when I kept suggesting it to take my dadbrother, they refused again and again. I say this because they've had Indian food before, but they both had such a negative experience, that they were very, very iffy to try it again. Came here on a whim without reservations, and was greeted with kind staff members. Left my number, and was given a call 15 minutes later. MasalaWala is a very small restaurant with very limited seating, but the atmosphere is very nice and comfortable.Ordered the chicken tikka masala, lamb shahi korma, tandoori mixed set, and lamb biriyani. Food here was really good. The garlic naan was AMAZING. Mango lassi was good as well. Everything was just so nice and positive for us. I am pleased to say that this experience changed my dadbrother's views on Indian food :)
This place literally has the best Manchurian in town. The hosts are the best people you'll ever meet and the food is finger licking good. I'm indian and I'm very critical of the food I eat- and yet I couldn't find a single flaw in the food. It really hit the spot and the hospitality was absolutely bang on! Worth every buck
Love this small cozy place. The foods were amazing. Went there after reading all the good reviews and it did not disappoint. Have a lovely dinner with my friend. All the foods were so delicious. Will definitely come back again.
Extremely disappointed! I ordered the samosa chat, lamb vindaloo, basil chicken, naan, and mango shake. The samosa in the samosa chaat had more dough than filling and was full of masala, did not have the multiple flavors like a chaat should have.Lamb vindaloo was horrible, lamb was tough and had a bad taste. Basil chicken was absolutely amazing, but it was not cooked fresh, it was reheated on the grill (shameful). Naan was excellent, cooked perfectly.Mango shake was okay, a little too watery for my taste.All together I would not eat here again. The price for the quality and portions of food was outright wrong. I would ask management to improve on cooking all dishes fresh even if it takes longer. If you're going for upscale go the extra mile. Also, make sure you have the A/C on high in the summer it was very hot.
There's a reason this place has the number and quality of reviews that it does - its FANTASTIC.Being Indian, I eat a lot of Indian food and honestly, this place ranks right up there with the best of the best. I've tried Indian Accent, Bengal Tiger, etc. - good Indian places in NY so I'm comparing to a good crowd.To top of it off - we met Mr. MasalaWala himself. He was the best host I've ever seen in an Indian restaurant. I casually mentioned the Paneer Tikka was sweeter than I expected and he immediately took it back into the kitchen and remade it.  I urged him that was completely unnecessary and he said to me and my friend in Hindi, "No way! I can't let my two sons eat a subpar dish - thanks for telling me."Food highlights:- I love Manchurian and their equivalent Gobi dish is PHENOMENAL 10/10- Samosa Chat is excellent 9.5/10
Since my friends and I were craving Indian food, we decided to come here after searching and finding this place on Yelp.  The place is about a 5 minute walk from the 2ave station on the F line and it is pretty easy to find as it lies right around the corner.  The staffs were very attentive since they would come to our table whenever we need more water and also asked us whether we enjoyed the meal.  After looking at the menu, I ordered the chicken shahi korma (mild) along with a wala mango lassi (since my sister recommended it).  My friends also each ordered a wala mango lassi along with a chicken tikka masala and chicken madras.  Because they love spicy food, they initially wanted to order their meal in hot, but were told that they might be way too spicy for them, which was considerate of the staff.  In the end, they got them in regular spiciness.  We also ordered a garlic naan to be shared amongst ourselves.  For checking in, we got a free samosa, which was cool (so remember to check in).  The food arrived fairly quickly and I really enjoyed the chicken shahi korma.  The chicken was really tender and the spiciness of the sauce was just right for me.  I can't take spicy food well, but I like eating them anyways.  The sauce had a hint of spiciness and it kicked in after a few spoonfuls, which was exactly what I wanted.  I definitely recommend those who enjoy spicy food, but can't stomach them to get the mild chicken shahi korma.  The wala mango lassi was also delicious and one of my friends was surprised that it actually tastes like actual mangoes and not artificial mango flavoring.  My friends also enjoyed their meal, but since they are so used to eating spicy food like the korean spicy noodles, they actually wanted them to be a bit spicier.  The garlic naan was yummy and to me, they taste like garlic knots.  There are so many things in the menu that I want to try, so I am excited to return after the pleasant experience.
Had chicken tikka masala and cauliflower. They were good but just had better before. Bengal tiger has better Tika masala.
This is one of my favorite Indian places to eat in the city. I highly recommend the walk lamb chops. They melted in your mouth and flavorful. The bhel- puri was also amazing. The service is outstanding
I had a great dining experience here, excellent food and service! The Shrimp Malabar had the most delicious tiger prawns. I also enjoyed the street food menu-this stood out to me and differentiated this restaurant from others. Pair dinner with a Kingfisher beer and you're a winner!
Food was surprisingly very good. We ordered the tandoori chicken and the chicken tikka masala. The service was great and the kulfi for dessert was delicious. Definitely will visit again.
I can't really believe this place has 4.5 star review. Sometimes I feel like Yelp is not helpful. I really don't understand the hype. When I came in, the restaurant looked really quaint and small(cute, but small), so I was worried I wouldn't have seating. Indeed, they said they were fully booked for over 2 hours so they proceeded to seat us outside. Fortunately the weather was mild so I was not too concerned. They gave us the free samosas as we checked in, and we proceeded to ask for recommendations. The menu is very confusing for non Indian place frequenters...do your research beforehand? Or just go anywhere in curry hill....seriously. I ordered a chai, and the waiter told me that some people prefer it at the end...really? I didn't know and asked him if I should have it at the end. He gave me a very inconspicuous Indian nod, which he proceeded to do the whole night whenever we asked questions...umm does not help. He asked us to repeat the order around 4 times and still ended up getting it wrong. I think they gave us 2 of the 4 dishes wrong.....thats like half our meal. We ordered the gobi manchurian cauliflower...the taste was not what we expected as we had never had it before. it tasted like a indian spiced general tsos cauliflower..I went to devi previously and was blown away by their manchurian cauliflower and this place pales in comparison to say the least... We also ordered the baby eggplant main course but ended up with a palak paneer.we got to keep it but it wasn't what we wanted...I think the only dish I liked was the baby eggplant(and naan)..but really everything else was very unimpressive...When we asked to wrap the dishes to go some of it went missing...Very very spotty service. The waiter was just really confusing over all. I think he just even confused himself. I do want to give this place a good review but I just feel like everything was all over the place. Perhaps it woudl be better with organized events? but for indian food, I will stick to darbar or chote nawab....
Pathetic foodThe kababs were raw and tasteless This place is absolutely over rated Our overall experience was very bad,They are confusing with Authentic Indian food with Bangladeshi food(plz understand the difference)
I went to MasalwaWala and had the Aloo Goobi and it was great. The service was wonderful and the apps were also top notch. I ate about half of my entree because I had eaten a late lunch. I got the rest of it to go, and unfortunately I got two boxes of rice instead of the rest of my Aloo Goobi. I contacted them about this mistake via Facebook, and within the hour the owner replied to me and offered a free entree to correct it.I was very impressed with the way they handled this very understandable error and how promptly they did so. I also got the chance to meet the owner Roni, what a wonderful, pleasant human! I will definitely be returning!
Great location, yummy food, awesome server, and friendly owner. What else would one want from a restaurant? Give it a shot, you will love it
Fantastic food and service.  Had the shrimp curry and chicken vindaloo and both were stellar.  Five stars
Great food! Really tasty. The place is nice, and the service is good.Good, fresh Indian food!
I cook a lot of Indian food and hence always avoid going to Indian restaurants in New York as the food honestly is not authentic. This place is definitely with limited options but damn delicious and yes all the gravies taste unique!!! The owner does take care that people leave the restaurant happily satisfied! My personal favorite is kofta curry!!!!!
This place is the best Indian food in Manhattan. The staff and owner are friendly and make you feel at home. The food deserves a standing ovation after the last bite!
Dinner was great. Small, cute restaurant in Greenwich area. We got the vegetable samosas, lamb vindaloo and garlic naan. It was excellent. The staff was friendly and made sure we were happy with our meal. Highly recommend for good Indian food!
First time trying Indian...I'll definitely be back. Everything is just the right amount of spicy. And the staff...so friendly. Feels like home, with a side of curry.
I wanted to give this place a 5 but couldn't. The decor beats Bengal Tiger In Manhattan and seemed more eloquent but Bengal Tiger easily wins in pricing and quality and even portions. The walamix isn't worth it cause it's obvious what they are doing by giving you more chicken than anything else cause that lowers the costs. The chicken curries/vindaloos are good here but too saucy and less meat. The thandoori sea bass is good and so is the lamb. Chicken was as bad as it gets on walamix. Very dry. The run away parts of our meal: mango ice cream, mango lassi and samosas (veg) and even naans. Service was very attentive. Let's put it this way if you have a date you are trying impress and wanna explore Indian: go here. If you've known her for a while and want quality at a great price: Bengal Tiger in Manhattan
This place is absurdly good. I honestly was in pain from eating so much. Another couple was visiting NYC, and we met up with them to come here for dinner... and, wow.  You really cannot go wrong. They will try to upsell you on things, but go with what you want, and you'll be very happy.  Heck, stick around and you might even meet Mr. Masalawala himself (yes, he's there, and he's a real guy... the name is suspect, I suppose). Granted, the food is slightly tweaked for a Western taste, but there are so many poorly run, poorly done Indian restaurants in the world, it's nice when one of them stands out with high quality, great flavors, and great people.
Good food, ambience not so much. Definitenely order Gobi Manchurian.Didn't like the chicken dishes m to much, vegetarian food was really good.
This small and cozy place never disappoints. Great Indian food full of flavors. If you're ever craving Delhi style bhatura.. this is the place!
Horrible inedible food. I never had bland Indian food till I had the food here. More than half the meal ended up in the trash. Overpriced garbage! I would not eat this food if they paid me to. The Wala Non-Vegetarian Sampler:1) The chicken in the Chicken Samosa was dry, lacked seasoning and was bland.  2) Basil Chicken had ZERO seasoning, had ZERO basil and was so dry it was like chewing on        cardboard. 3) Tiger Shrimp had a flavorless sauce.     Chicken Tikka Roll:1) Had very little seasoning and the chicken was so dry and mealy it was like a mouth full of      sawdust.Lamb Bhuna Roll:1) Also on the small side but was the only thing that had a moderate amount of flavor. It was     at least edible.
After hearing so many good things about The MasalaWala, we decided to head over for lunch today. Unfortunately the experience wasn't a good one.First off, the ambiance is great. The restaurant is small but well decorated and most importantly very clean. It was mostly empty today.Service is very friendly.Food is where The MasalaWala loses points.-- Samosas weren't greasy, which was great, but the aloo filling was so spicy we couldn't enjoy the taste.-- Papri chaat is just okay. There really wasn't too much flavor, aside from the tamarind chutney. I love tamarind chutney but after a while the sweetness was too much. -- Husband's chicken tikka masala was bland and a weird soft consistency. He didn't eat more than a few pieces. (I didn't taste it as I don't eat chicken).-- Daughter had the canteen lunch with the lamb kadhai. The accompanying salad had a strange mayo taste, the rice was dry, and the lamb itself was so spicy she couldn't eat it. (We'd specifically asked for it to be mild.) The waiter noticed she didn't eat it and voluntarily took it off the bill, which was very nice of him.-- Butter naan was a great consistency but was bland. It needed salt at the very least.There are so many good reviews for this place that I think we must have visited on an off day. I doubt we'll return though since Curry Hill offers far better, more authentic Indian food.
As a general rule of thumb I avoid Indian food in the city since it's usually not up to the standard I was raised with. However, this spot had some really good reviews and I was pining for some samosas, so gave it a shot.Group of 5, and we got seated immediately late on a Saturday night. Ordered the Hakka Chili Chicken ($9) and split the Samosa Chaat ($8), Chicken Samosa ($6), and Lamb Bhuna Roll ($7) with another person. Hakka chicken had an interesting blend of spices, both sweet and spicy, a little chewy but overall a good dish. Chicken Samosa was dry and forgettable. Samosa chaat was layered perfectly and is the best of the bunch. The lamb roll is incredibly meaty, seasoned well, and actually juicy even as leftovers a day later. Service is a little iffy (unsurprised). Though the price-to-quality-food ratio here is agreeable. Definitely would recommend as an end of the night quick eat.
Great North Indian/Pakistani option in a nice sit down setting  The garlic naan is amazing and I happily ate it plain. The cauliflower appetizer (Gobi Manchurian) was exceptional for its flavors The lamb rogan josh was tender and not too spicy. We also got the baby eggplants in the coconut peanut sauce. The sauce was absolutely wonderful and I wolfed it down over white rice after I finished the eggplant. The chicken biryani was exceptional for the quality of the spices in itDon't forget to get the free samosa with check inService was good, went at 8 on a Friday and waited only 15 minutes for a party of 3
Great place to have Indian food in New York. I was with a group of 10 and service was quick considering our large group. Servers and owner of the restaurant also was very friendly. Food was very good, especially chicken biryani and papdi chaat.
Chaat was edible, but rolls were completely bland and had no taste, even when we told them to keep rolls medium spicy. We don't see ourselves going back there. We will stick to our fav west village spots for rolls - Nizam (aaloo), Kati Roll (unda chicken) and Masalatimes (paneer)
What a lovely place and beautiful people!They received us with great pleasure and treated us very nicely. The food was as great as everything. We ordered the semolina puff with potatoes and yogurt and the vegan samosas topped with chickpeas as starters. The last one was incredible but a little spicy for my palate. Both dishes were super tasty and the portions pretty generous. Then as a main entrée we had the black lentil which I had to admit a little bit in the small size compared to the appetizers. Very tasteful but I liked the cauliflower and potato dish that my friend had better. It came with white rice but nothing else. The naan bread you have to order separately and it's not as you may expect. The garlic one was ok but nothing worth repeating. Anyway, the overall experience was lovely and we are going to come back for sure!
Decent food. Dal makhni was way too mild and paneer tikka masala way too spicy. I guess they are missing accuracy here.Mango kulfi was good. The 10% off promo they claim to work does not. Or maybe it works but the server was too much in a hurry that he entered the bill and rushed me to press the pay button. It was weird he handled the whole situation. Would not recommend this place or come back. There are much better indian restaurants near 28th and Lexington. One tip: Do not go by the ratings. They are not right.
Great great great! Even though I was full after my first plate I had to have second servings. The owner of the restaurant greeted us the moment we walked in and joked around about yelp and reviews. Small place but so comfortable and warm. All the workers are so kind and attentive. Cheese dumpling dessert in milk with pistachios and rode water is amazing. Will definitely come back and have dinner with my boyfriend.
Some of the best Indian food I have ever had! We were up the block for a comedy show and seriously craving Indian food when my friend and I stumbled upon the MasalaWala. A quick Yelp search told us that it was the place to go to, and we were seated right away. Our server was so friendly and attentive, and told us to check in on Yelp. Once we did we each got a chicken samosa on the house- so remember to check in and show your waiter! We each had the same thing, the chicken vindaloo with the PERFECT amount of spice, a mango lassi, and a side of garlic naan. Just writing this is making my hungry for MasalaWala again. A bit pricey but they give a pretty big proportion- I was able to take about half of my chicken vindaloo home with me. Would recommend and will definitely be back!
It's now my favorite Indian restaurant in the city. They are always consistent, I've NEVER had a bad meal here. The owner, the Masala Wala himself, comes around to greet all his diners and make sure everyone's happy. He's super friendly and always remembers his regulars. I love love love their cauliflower. I don't even LIKE cauliflower, but their version is just one of the best things ever. The okra entree is my new favorite thing, when I can be tempted away from my usual chicken masala that I've still never had a better version of anywhere else.The samosa chaat is also the best samosa I've ever had. And yeah, the garlic naan still is too.I can't since their praises enough. It's a small space that gets packed, so make reservations if you can. Even if you have to wait, it's worth it.
We were looking for a restaurant for a large group and loved the yelp reviews on here since Indian was the goal. I recommend a reservation here on weekends. The place is small and every seat was fully taken upon our arrival on a Friday at 7:45 PM. We filled up a table for six.The service was excellent, the waiter was patient answering a bunch of our questions about the food and it's spiciness content (just about everything except for Vindalu you can order mild, which I did). We used the Yelp check in coupon to have Samosas which were good.I ordered the Lamb Kadai, which is slow cooked Australian lamb sauteed with onions. I asked for mild, and I admit it was more on the "medium" side of the scale. Still, the meat was juicy and the sauce really complimented it well. The butter naan we ordered for the table may have been the best I've ever tried.I also recommend you try the King Fisher (large) beer. I've rarely had Indian beer and it wasn't bad. This is definitley a go to spot in the LES.
I wish I could give them 10 stars. Loved the food! The palak paneer here is to die for. The dal tadka is ridiculously good!! I highly recommend Masalawala for some authentic North Indian food.
Delicious Indian food.We had the eggplant curry dish with coconut peanut sauce which had a gorgeous presentation and outstanding flavor profile.We did have to wait about 10-15 minutes before being seated as this is a rather small space.  But it wasn't excessively long and it was worth the wait.
Delicious samosas and they deliver!  The owner is a really nice guy.  You can tell that the food is made with love.  Just wish the rice was complimentary instead of the mango drink.  5 stars all around.
Went there for dinner and had a very good dinner experience. The Dahi puri was delicious. And the owner was very warm and welcoming. He actually personalized our experience. Tandoori lovers out there should try out their chicken.
No reservations, sat us right away. Food was tasty, and great options for non spicy eaters. Staff were friendly. Great for casual dinner date
This review is strictly for heat enduring Desis. This place is my absolute favorite Desi restaurant in NYC. Honestly, most of the good places are Bengali owned (Bangleshi or Indian). What determines "good"? Spice. The level of spiciness is EVERYTHING. If you're looking for incredibly spicy food, this is the right place. You'll have to order "Indian spicy" to get the Desi level of heat :) Best of luck to your tummy and tongue. #levelupPS. Masalawala Uncle- you are the cutest. Details: Halal
This place totally deserves this rating for the quality of food and service. Small place but have a good number of North Indian options
The food here is awesome! The only down side is that they are on a side street on Houston that's a little inconvenient for me to get to.I'd highly recommend coming in and trying a lot of their dishes over time, since they make things that are hard to find elsewhere in the city. I especially like their lamb and vegetarian dishes.I think that the last time that I was there I had the Badshahi Lamb Biryani (it's hard to remember if that's the right name of the dish, since I don't speak Hindi), and it was delicious. The slow cooked lamb was very tender.
Great local Indian spot. The food is fresh, taste and delicious. The owner and stuff are very friendly, they are always welcoming. Very good place for a lunch or dinner.
One of the best Indian restaurants I've been to!  Small spot plus they take reservations!  I had the following:Appetizer- Kolkata Gobi Manchurian - Cauliflower florets tossed in ginger garlic and Indian Chinese fusion spices - this was so my fave!!  I could of ate this appetizer all by myself!!!  The flavors of it was spot on!  Sooooo good!!Also had a samosa because when checking in on yelp you get 1 free!!!Palak Paneer with fresh garlic Naan - WOW!!!  By far my favorite plus the naan was so fresh!  Chicken Tikka Masala - the chicken was a bit dry but the SAUCE!!  That sauce was full of flavor!!!  Vindaloo with lamb - if you are a spicy fan.....mild already has a nice kick too it!  If you're not a spicy fan...stay away!  This was delicious too....I love spicy but this had some heat so I didn't eat too much of it!Masala Chai took awhile to come out.  I didn't see anything too special about it but it's good but not so spectacular for me. I def recommend this place!  I would absolutely come back!
We all wanted Indian food and all pulled out our trusty YELP app and saw that this place had some pretty good reviews so off we went.This restaurant is quite small and has a semi romantic setting/feel to it due to the dim lighting and close quarters of the tables. If you check in on the YELP app, you get a free vegetable Samosa! There were four of us and it was only one free Samosa, but hey, free is free I guess. The one cool thing I need to point out about is their menu here. They actually have a section that guides you through all of the dishes and breaks down the options and what exactly comes with what and I really appreciated that because I am still overwhelmed by quite a few Indian dishes. I got the Malabar Shrimp which was a coconut curry that was served with rice. The shrimp were plentiful and cooked to perfection and the curry sauce was pretty tasty and had some good heat to it. I also got a Mango Lassi which is pretty on par with many other places. The prices are pretty standard ranging from $10 for the vegetable dishes to close to $20 for the protein ones. Also need to make a note of their pretty awesome service here! I forgot the why part of why everyone pretended it was my birthday to our waiter and we made it clear that it wasn't.. but when I came out of the bathroom, the waiter presented me with a martini glass of some amazing mango lassi inspired ice-cream! It was delicious and very kind of them.
This is the best place to eat Indian food in NYC !! The best !! Great hospitality and finger licking good !! Both veg and non veg food is awesome. The mango kulfi and rasmalai would make you miss home badly !!! Awesome experience !!! Must go !
This is a true hidden treasure- Indian food can be found all over the city but once in a blue moon you find a place so good you just can't keep it to your self. What's so good about them? The service towers over mostly anything and anyone- the staff is truly happy to see you and treat you as such. The food is excellent- so rich in flavor -perfectly prepared and presented. Be good to yourself and take a visit to a restaurant that will transport you to the other side of the world. Oh and the owner was in attendance to great guest personally- super friendly and humble.
Came here with my girlfriend and wanted to eat something very spicy so we got Dal Tadka and one of the chicken curries. The mistake we made is that we told them to make it indian spicy which was obviously way too much for us! The taste was amazing but it was just too spicy! The store owner noticed that we couldn't handle the spice and replaced our dishes with mild versions of the dish with no charge! This was the most outstanding service that I've ever had. Also the Dal Tadka was AMAZING, so freaking good! Would come back again and again.
Their samosa and imli chutney were bang on and took me home to Delhi. The bhelpuri however fell short of Mumbai as it wasn't balanced well. The chilli-cheese naan is not an authentic dish, but well-made nevertheless.
Until recently, I was never really a big fan of Indian food. So even I was shocked when one day I had a massive craving for Indian. Luckily, I had a Blackboard Eats discount for The MasalaWala and figured, great excuse to fulfill my craving.My friend, an Indian food connoisseur, met me so we were able to split a bunch of dishes. I was so impressed how every dish was packed with flavor. Here are the highlights:Kolkata Gobi Manchurian Street-Side Bite (cauliflower florets tossed in ginger, garlic and Indian-Chinese fusion spices)- One of the restaurant's signature dishes. When it came out with a deep red coat, I was slightly concerned at the hat content. It was spicy but not overwhelmingly so. Even though I had to save room for everything else, I couldn't resist finishing every bite.Mumbai Chicken Samosa Street-Side Bite (crispy turnovers stuffed with spiced chicken and herbs)-A pocket of love (or in this case, chicken). This dish is always good and a great choice for Indian food beginners.Chicken Tikka Masala (tandoor-grilled chicken in fresh tomato cream sauce with fenugreek)-Another great choice for beginningers. The sauce is tomato based so it's very mild (in heat), but still flavorful.Lamb Rogan Josh (classic kashmiri curry made with tomatoes, spices and slow-cooked Australian lamb) The lamb was so tender and the sauce was herbed (new foodie word?) perfectly.We also got a side of garlic Naan and Cheese-Chili Naan. Obviously I used it to dip into all the dishes' delicious sauces.The portions are very fair. We were so full that we couldn't even manage dessert (very rare for me).The restaurant itself is relatively small, so I recommend reservations. Almost every table was full when we were there on a week night. Our waiter was very helpful in recommending dishes based on our preferences.This is my new go-to Indian spot.
We met the MasalaWala. Cool guy. Love the food. 5 stars. The portions are huge!Good atmosphere too.
Mr. Masalawala is the main reason to come here but the food is outstanding too! I live in jackson heights which is pretty much little India, but i would travel 30 min to go here again. We had saag paneer, malai kufta and garlic naan. All so good!
Read the reviews by fellow Yelptologists and have to say I was thoroughly let down.The Chicken Tikka was aight. Small bowl with 5-7 small pieces of tender white meat in a watery Tikka sauce. The lamb Rogan Josh was also a small bowl with a similar amount of chewy lamb chunks. Just aight.The Aloo Gobi, another tiny bowl of 4-5 bite-sized pieces of cauliflower and another 2-3 tiny chunks of potatoes in a dry curry was flavorful......but cost $16!In the end, not bad, just not good and certainly not worth it.
My initial review disappeared...maybe they were displeased with my comments?Wish I remember which dishes my sister and I ordered because they were delicious; she ordered a veggie dish (spinach perhaps) that came with biryani, as did my lamb entree. The portions looked small when they arrived but don't be fooled! we couldn't finish all the food and my sister has a ravenous appetite! My mango lassi neutralized the mild lamb biryani (a bit spicy for non-spice eaters like myself) and the gulab jaman was a nice touch for dessert. In my other review, I commented that they should give you a larger portion for dessert because it breaks down to $2.50 for one small piece of gulab jaman. I also said that it wasn't the best Indian food I've had and the price was higher than what I normally pay for Indian food.
Amazing food..Rasmalai and mango kulfi were the best.Definitely going back to eat there again
One of the few places I would love to go and eat here more than once. Food was good and the owner received us warmly. Pistachio kulfi is just out out of this world!!!
AMAZING RESTAURANT. Not only is the food superb, but the service is amazing. Whenever I needed something, someone appeared within seconds. The owner of the restaurant also came and introduced himself to us, which really gave the restaurant a homey feel. The aura is also very authentic and comfortable. I would definitely recommend going here!
I loved this place. The owner came out and talked to us personally and made us feel very welcome. We had the vegetarian samosas, aloo goobi and paneer nan. I plan to go back as the flavors were very distinct and delicious. Highly recommended.
Incredible food at the Masalwala! The lamb chops curry is out of this world. The most succulent chops in a delicious tomato based curry sauce. The hot vindaloo was no joke, so be warned if you're not Indian or suicidal you may wish to opt for medium on the spice scale. So tasty, but boy was I sweating and weeping afterwards. Masalawala uncle was a very welcoming host and his front of house staff were very polite and helpful. We will definitely be back.
Very nice service! The curry was fantastic and the other stuff we ordered was great too. The owner was very friendly as well.
In a word, WONDERFUL! My friend and I were visiting from Atlanta and she found this place on Yelp! We were not disappointed.The service is unparalleled; our water glasses were always full, the wait staff was kind and courteous, the food arrived promptly, fresh, and hot and most of all the owner himself is an absolute delight. He welcomed us into his restaurant like it was his home.The food was delicious. I will repeat, delicious. They have the best samosas I've ever had (Atl and D.C. included). I also got samosa chaat (I was craving it), it was really great. All the flavors combined well. The grand finale was the mango kulfi, the housemaid ice cream. DO NOT LEAVE WITHOUT TRYING THIS OR THE SAMOSAS.My friend got the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan; they were both really good as well.  Even after all of these things, we only paid $30 with tip and left absolutely stuffed with amazing food. If you are craving Authentic Indian Food or just want to explore different foods, this is your place.
This place is amazing.I stopped by randomly at night for dinner. Parking can be a bit tough around the area since it is the city. Better to take MTA or a cab.I personally love indian food. But this place has got to be one of my new favorites.The food here was impeccable.If you check in, they give you a free samosa! The servers were all attentive and I think it was the owner, but he came by to ask how everything was. Amazing food and service
Lapin and I came to here for dinner on a quiet Wednesday night. When we arrived there was only one other group of three eating, although slowly throughout the meal there was a small trickle of people arriving but they had many take out orders. The servers were nice, but weren't really attentive and I had a bit of difficulty understanding them. One waiter said this bottle of wine was cheaper and then another waiter came over and said the exact opposite. It was confusing meal to say the least but they were very accommodating when we asked for extra sauce for our food. The owner of MasalaWala came over to our table and introduce himself and thanked us for coming by. He was very nice and seemed genuinely interested when he asked us questions. We ordered the Wala non-veg sampler ($12) which had Mumbai Chicken Samosa (meh, wasn't a fan of the ground meat), Lucknow Malai Tikka (chicken was okay by itself but delicious with the sauce) and Malai Tiger Shrimp (super delicious). We also ordered the veg sampler which had Mumbai Samosa (my favorite, super delicious with chutney), Dilli Bajji ( a bit greasy for my liking) and Paneer Pudina Tikka (I wasn't a fan of the texture, reminds me a bit of tofu). I ordered the Malai Tiger Shrimp ($18) and Lapin got the Wala Mix Grill($21). Our entrees took a bit of time to come out --  almost an hour. My food was cold when it came out and Lapin's kebabs were nice warm. It was probably because his entree came with every single type of protein under the Tandoori Grill section. The entrees do not come with any naan or rice and they usually recommend ordering an accompaniment to make the meal more enjoyable. My Malai shrimps were delicious, I got them done extra hot. They was a bit of a delayed heat. After eating the first 3 out of 8 shrimps, I started feeling the heat.  Lapin enjoyed his plate o' meat a lot. Every single piece of meat was a huge portion and would be good enough for two people or just one hungry man. The bottle of Pennywise Chardonnay($36) we ordered with the meal paired very well. For dessert, we went with the chef's specialty, Rabri Ras Malai ($6). For the price, it was a bit underwhelming. We got two small quarter size cottage dumplings in a half inch sauce of condense milk and rose water. I wouldn't necessarily say I was a fan but it had an interesting taste. I just wished there was more of the dessert to get a better taste of it. They also have Happy Hour specials everyday from 4pm to 6:30pm where the prices looks reasonable. We would come back but perhaps around Happy Hour.
Although the food was definitely good, the main reason I'm giving five stars is because the owner was very friendly. He walked around the small but cozy restaurant all night making sure everyone was having fun and enjoyed their meal.
We were looking for a cuisine variation and we settled on Indian. We had a really good night.This is a well priced and busy restaurant. Helpful servers outline the menu highlighting the nuances with various dishes. We decided to share all the dishes and we had some great food.The Chicken Tikka Masala was delicious with long lingering flavours, the Lamb Rogan Josh was tasty, the Tandoori Malai Tiger Shrimp was amazing and the Chicken Tamdoori was popular with us all. We supplemented this with the black lentils and rice, and it was like dining in Delhi. The garlic Naan bread was good as were the two accompaniments of Cucumber Raita and Mango Chutney.This is good food served efficiently ......This was very good value for money dining at less than $30  person.
I normally don't go to LES for Indian food. So, when my friends said Indian and picked this place for dinner last night I was a little reluctant at first, but when I saw how charming and cozy it looked from across the street, I couldn't resist.I am surprised I hadn't noticed this hidden gem of LES till now. The hospitality and service here was impeccable. The owner himself visited our table several times to make sure we were happy. He had the greatest sense of humor and treated every customers as if they were his dear friends. As per the recommendation from our awesome waiter, we ordered the following dishes. From the free samosas to their biryani and the curries, the food was hands down. Samosas (came free with yelp check in) Gobi ManchurianSamosa ChatChilly chicken Chicken VindalooKerala SalmonChicken BiryaniNaanBatura We ended the night with a bowl of Mango Kulfi. Made just with creme and mangoes and no added sugar, these little delight were my favorite from the night. I highly recommend this place and I can't wait to visit again.
Very Good Indian food, perfect spices and good Ambience. Ordered Kashmiri Gobi Manchurian, Malai kofta, Vegetable biriyani everything was very good and very tasty.Will come again when I visit NYC.
Great little Indian food place on the Lower East Side. Lots of tasty options, menu very clear  easy to read. The food was fantastic, my only complaint is that I felt as though the staff was trying to rush us out of the restaurant. This bothered us because the table next to us was there longer then us and was taking there sweet time. It didn't appear that they were being rushed. They were clearing the table and we weren't even finished.
Can't say enough good things about this place: The food: everything we ate was sensational, very high quality, authentic. Great menu, something for everyone.The service: staff here are just lovely people. Very knowledgeable, friendly, polite and courteous. The owner came over at one point to chat to us, honestly the nicest man. The price point: extremely reasonable. Anything else: great for vegans/veggies Highly highly recommend.
Myself and some friends were looking for a good Indian restaurant that would seat a group of 6 without a reservation around 9pm, and oh my gosh did we stumble onto this gem! Three out of the six in our group had previously had Indian at home in Cincinnati, and they were even pleasantly surprised with how much better The MasalaWala was compared to others they had frequented. We ordered 4 dishes to split between the six of us so we could try multiple dishes. We started with the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian which was absolutely delicious! Perfectly crisp  breaded with just enough spice flavoring and heat level (we ordered medium for all our dishes). We also ordered the Palak Paneer which was also incredibly delicious. For our main entrees we had the Lamb Rogan Josh, Chicken Tikka Masala, the Nawabi Chicken Biryani, and the Garlic Naan. Each dish was delicious in it's own way but together also enjoyable together! The service was very attentive, always refilling our drinks before they were even close to empty. This was the best Indian I have ever had thus far! We also ordered the Ras Malai for dessert which was amazing as well. The owner personally came over to thank us for choosing his restaurant and ask how our service  food was. He also surprised us with a free order of Mango Wala Kulfi that served all six of us, which was also incredibly delicious. Overall our group's entire experience here was wonderful, and was one of the best meals we enjoyed while in New York City. If we ever come back we will definitely make this a priority to stop by and enjoy again!
Excellent food and excellent service. I will not hesitate to return when I am in the city. And you should definitely visit when you are in the area and order the garlic naan. I would give it 5+ stars if I could.
Best Indian food I've ever had! Excellent and savory food. Fresh ingredients and the waiters are very nice. They provided suggestions when we asked and they were very friendly. The owner greeted us and made us feel at home. Wonderful curries and my favorite drink, mango lassi, was perfect. Thank you for the best meal! :)
It was at first a rocky start when I tried calling a few days early to book a reservation and was essentially told "probably not" without them knowing what day/time I was requesting.  Not dismayed, my friends and I decided to give it a try and see if they could seat us.  It's a small restaurant, so a party of 7 is a lot of table real estate. We timed it perfectly as they had room and were able to accommodate us.  Having 3 vegans with our group, this was an easy choice as they were able to accommodate and already had a huge selection for vegans.  The meal came out and we were all pleased with our dishes.  Unlike some Indian restaurants, foods can come out much too oily or with no distinct flavor among the dishes.  Luckily for us everything was tasty, unique, and while there were no leftovers to take home  savor for later, we sadly no room for dessert.  All the more reason to go back again!  The owner was super friendly and very gracious of our choosing his restaurant and he gave us all hugs as we left.  I highly recommend this spot! :)
Was craving Indian food, so I got the chicken tikka masala. Got take out of the regular portion ($16?) vs the lunch special of ($11-$12?). The restaurant is pretty small, but looked cleaned.  The guy who greeted me at the door seemed friendly enough. The regular portion I ordered seemed really really small in my opinion! Sauce was greasy, chicken was dry, and the rice was undercooked. Finished my small portion of food and was still not full. Expensive and not worth $16!
I can't praise this place enough! I ordered delivery over the phone. I was having trouble hearing them but they were very kind and patient with me. Then, after they ran my card they realized that my address is out of their delivery zone (West Village). They delivered to me anyway since I had already paid, even though it was super rainy and windy! The food arrived very quickly, and was hot and delicious. I made sure to tip extra :) I will definitely be coming back (in person) and recommending them to everyone I know!
ORDER THESE TASTY DISHES:_ Bhindi do Pyaza (Okra, $14)_ Chicken Shahi Korma ($15)_ Tamarind/Mint chutneys (Comes with Samosas, Papadam, etc.)_ Chicken Tikka Roll ($6. Great for lunch.)HOLD OFF on the:_ Papadam ($2) - It was not crispy or that flavorful compared to most,                             but at least it wasn't stale.                   (The tamarind/mint chutney mix they serve with it is great!)Will return.
Tl;dr,Some of the best Indian food in the city. The ambience is good and service is perfect. The owner and cooks are Bengali, so try the Bengali favourites. Try the cauliflower, lamb biriyani, sahi vada and a masala chai to finish it off. Authentic, don't expect the regular NYC Indian chow.When we celebrate birthdays in our group, we get together at a good Indian joint to cure some home-sickness. Ussually that means taking the 4 train to Lex Av and go for some of the standard Indian fare that place is famous for. Today, we decided to look around online and go for some fresh and well rated eatery. That's how we stumbled upon this 4.5 starred gem.We were greeted at the door by an elderly Indian gentlemen, lounging on one of the street tables outside. He took a head count and quickly went in to get us a table. First thing that got impressed upon me was the very classy decor. Nothing on Lex compared with this. The ambience was spot on, and the music was well chosen current Bollywood tracks.While we waited for the food to arrive I was intrigued by the very authentic vibe I felt at the place. I found myself reading about the Masalawala on its website and immediately recognised the humble old fellow who showed us in. And as if on cue, the Masalawala walked up to our table and introduced himself. An 18-year veteran NYPD cop who retired after 9/11, soon found himself following his passion for good food. Started off with the Chor Bazaari dahi puri, which was crisp and creamy. I would especially recommend the Gobi Manchurian. The lamb Biriyani was also nice, the spices in it was very well done, though I've had better in the city. The chicken chetinad was a pleasant surprise. The dish is supposed to be a very spicy hot south Indian delight, but we got a slightly sweet and creamy dish. It was still well made but perhaps the masalawala should rename it.The Masalawala came back to our table as we finished the entrée and personally took our dessert order. My friends got his favourite Ras Malai while I settled for a Masala chai. The Chai was to die for. He gave us a kulfi and a Gulab Jamun for the birthday boy on the house :). It was a good meal and the food was very authentic. There was a Kolkata touch to everything which made it slightly sweet. I would definitely recommend to those far from home looking for some Indian food that hasn't been toned down for the American palette. Others who may be looking for something a bit different can always enjoy the pleasant service and great food. For those who frequent Indian cuisine around the city, this might shock your tastebuds a little.I ussually don't write reviews and never this long, but boy did this place earn it. I will be visiting again soon enough, can't get enough of the Masalawala.
I'd given 10 stars had I had the option! This place is dope. Array of food options, absolutely best curries and the garlic naan to die for, fresh clay oven bread with melting butter and garlic on top! Mama mia!Paneer butter masala is always a hit, I have always gotten gobi Manchurian well prepared, their mango lassi can transport you into heaven without actually dying :PWhat takes my heart is the service, my glass was always filled with water within seconds as it emptied, staff was courteous, smiling and happy to make suggestions if asked. The owner of the restaurant is always present and greets every table, takes feedback and sometimes offers free dessert! He is not there just for money, he actually takes interest in providing good food and service to people who want to have a memorable Indian dinner!Dont skip on this place! Go, Go,Go! You would love everything here!
*Must Try: Cauliflower appetizer. A little spicy!*My Favorites: Garlic Naan. Chicken Tikka Masala. Jumbo Shrimp in Coconut Milk. Indian Milk Chai.*Sample: the non-vegetarian sampler, and the kulfi (ice cream). I liked the mango more than the pistachio.
We ordered the lamb special which was off the chain! The appetizers and street roll we ordered were pretty good as well but would save the room for the main entrees. Mr. Masalawala came to greet us at our table multiple times and he was very welcoming and hospitable. Would definitely go back there again.
Went here while visiting New York and I loved the food. My husband had never had indian food and now he cant get enough of it. The owner is The MasalaWala. He introduced himself and suggested the best items on the menu. Very friendly and attentive service throughout. They make sure your order is correct before putting it in so there isn't an issue. The Garlic nana was the best everrrrr!!! The place is small however, so if you have an issue sitting close to others then this would not be the place for you. But I was very comfortable and the atmosphere was great, very calming.
This place has maybe the best customer service I've ever experienced. The servers were really attentive and nice. The food itself was really really good. I cannot handle spicy food well which is why I love chicken korma. My dish actually came out spicy which threw me off. The server explained that Indian food is inherently spicy but brought the dish back to the kitchen. He came back with another one, unfortunately still spicy but much less so than the first time. I appreciated the effort and it really was quite delicious minus the spice.We noticed many guests greeting the owner with hugs and you could tell they really liked coming here. The owner walked around the restaurant chatting with guests. When he got to our table he asked us how everything was. I told him the food was really good even though it was spicier than we expected. He was very surprised and offered to have it remade. By that time I had basically eaten my meal (and drank a TON of water) so I didn't want them to go through the trouble since I was full. After ensuring we were okay the owner left. He came back a few minutes later and insisted on bringing me a new dish that I could fully enjoy because he just didn't feel right that the dish wasn't what I expected. I felt bad because this would be the third time the kitchen made my dish for me. However, I am so glad that they did because it came out even better than before (and I really liked it before!)Before we left the owner gave us a complimentary dessert to make up for my meal not being right the first time. He also thanked us for visiting the restaurant and was just so friendly and nice. It was hard not to leave with a smile.
This place has fast service, friendly and funny employees and really great food ! Definitely coming back again !
Wow - what a great dining experience! My love of this restaurant started with the menu, which had nice limited selections in each category (making it easy to choose) of the various types of chaat and other street foods for appetizers and some really interesting choices for mains. Definitely not the typical Bengali-Indo-Pak selection found in most Manhattan establishments. Our server was fantastic; super friendly and helped me make choices when I wanted to order everything. I stil over-ordered but I was so excited by the variety, which included some Hakka dishes. The gobi Manchurian was super: really crunchy  without the gloppy ketchup sauce some places uses. Also excellent was the aloo papri chaat with lovely crunchy shredded wheat topping. The samosa had an unusual spice combo  was clearly house made. For our main, we had the shrimp malabar, which was excellent. And I was please that I ordered Indian hot for the spice level  actually got Indian hot. Naan was super fluffy but thick, almost as if it had yeast in the dough. My only complaint is that MasalaWalla is small so it got noisy but no stars deducted. It's just too good. Can't wait to come back  try some more dishes.
I ate here this past Saturday night. My cousin was in town and I was craving Indian food. I called in advanced seeing as I did not have reservations and didn't really want to wait in the cold to see if they accepted walk ins. If you are from New York or has ever been to New York you know the struggle. They said they would seat our party of four if a table becomes available. Luckily a friend lives close by and put our name down and got a good estimate on time. The food was delicious and very good service. The place is small but cozy and homey, places that I love to eat at. Stuff we ordered to share. Garlic naan, Kolkata Gobi manchurian (kind of tasted like general tso chicken from a Chinese food place, but is cauliflower), Palak paneer, Vindaloo curry (very spicy, but I love spicy food so it didn't bother me), Chicken Biryani. If I am in the area I would definitely eat here again. I recommend it.
Looking at how highly rated this place was, I turned up here for a late lunch a few days ago. Even putting my high expectations aside, I was left SO disappointed. The decor and a really good appetizer (chili chicken) is what adds another star to my review, but the main courses (saffron kebab and dal makhani) were both sorely lacking salt, and any sort of spices and masalas. A real pity since they looked really appetizing!
Excellent service!!! We went for a birthday and the staff was really nice trying to accommodate our party! the food was outstanding!!! the portions generous and the desert was absolutely amazing!! I will definitely go back there soon and I will recommend it to everybody!!!
We ordered bhel, papdi chat and bhindi (okra) dahi walk. All dishes were tasty. The bhel quantity was less than expected. Everything else was good. The waiter needs to smile. 5star.
Seriously the tastiest Indian food I have had in a while!! Great atmosphere for a comfy date night, great service and great food! I will definitely be coming back to try everything on the menu. Simply delicious.
Incredible food! I've yet to be disappointed. I usually go for delivery, huge fan of the palak paneer and tikka masala, but the restaurant is pleasant as well. The older gentleman who, I'm assuming manages or owns the place, is extremely friendly. The servers are also very attentive and kind.My only qualm is that the food is very expensive. I guess it's comparable to other Indian places, but for two dishes and garlic naan, I'd like to play less than $48. Saying that, the food is very high quality! Great place, a bit pricey, but incredible!
Very, very good food and service. Specially nice was that the restaurant owner checked on us and was very kind. Try the Papdi chaat!
We went to this place due to the high ratings.  The ambience was decent but the food was awful.  We ordered five dishes and some of the food tasted stale.  The masala chai was extremely bad.  There are dozens of far better places in the city -- avoid this one, it is not worth it.
Few times the owner of a restaurant checks up on you throughout your meal and gives you a hug when you leave. I love "The Masalawala"!! Located in the trendy Lower East Side of Manhattan this place is awesome!First we entered and we were immediately greeted by a really nice man that turned out to be the owner. We sat down and water was served and a free appetizer was brought to us (papdi: crisp, wheat cracker like things). The waitstaff made sure to constantly keep the water coming and were extremely attentive throughoutOk now to the food. We had the saffron chicken thikka and the lamb curry. Holy wow the food is really good!! The saffron chicken thikka with buttered  naan is unbelievable.  The meat was very tender and perfectly seasoned. The lamb curry was very tasty and not too spicy nor lacked taste. It was perfect. The owner of the place made sure we had a wonderful experience and we did.We will definitely be back here whenever we return to NYC in the future. If you are ever in lower east side Manhattan, you must try this awesome place.
Bit of a let down. We popped in during happy hour and tried chicken Kati roll, the cauliflower, the samosa chaat and bindi (okra dish) off the regular menu and some garlic naan. Nothing really blew our socks off. Prices were reasonable. I was super annoyed there was no air conditioning. We were sweating the entire meal. Not recommended.
We used the Yelp app to find this place as I now use the app wherever we travel.  Great food. We had the vindaloo chicken and lamb plus a hariyali lunch special that came with the best lentil soup we have ever had. Price great especially the lunch menu. 5 minute cab ride back to battery park. Spice was just right.
I really enjoyed the the curry, and the lamb was very tender. The yelp check in was great because of the complimentary appetizer. The wine selection is lovely. They have some organic options. I may not come back here for a couple of reasons. 1) the male waiters stand in a straight line (about 6-7 waiters in a small space) staring at all of the customers. It's uncomfortable.2) the artwork on the wall seems anti feminism. 3) owner came up to table and said, "HOW DID YOU FIND MY PLACE?" It could have been a language barrier, but this came out very firm, and aggressive 4) a woman was seated out front, and behind her they had the basement gate open (VERY DANGEROUS) The tea tasted like it had burned milk, and lacked spice. The rasmalai had a very mint like taste. I prefer more cardamom, and rose water. The Indian food was better than a lot of places I have been to, but certainly not the standards I had after reading all of the previous yelp reviews. Also, our bill was double the price than some of our favorite Indian restaurants in Midtown, Upper East Side, Brooklyn; and Queens.
Food was delicious, service was even better. I'd give this place a 5.5 if I could. The owner along with his waitstaff were always surveying the dining area to make sure that each person's needs were met. Literally the best service I've ever had. Owner was incredibly kind and accommodating. We'll be back!
Wow. Everything had an amazing flavor. You know how sometimes Indian food is just spicy? Not this. This was perfectly spiced and flavorful. The Gabi Manchurion was incredible and the Tikka Masala had a savory and sweet flavor. It's out of my way, but I would absolutely come back.
Best. Customer service. Ever. After almost being done with our meal, a guy comes to our table (and I'm almost certain it was the owner.) He asked us if the food was great. (YES IT WAS GREAT!) He also asked, "Do you know who I am?" (Of course I'm sure he's the owner, but I'll play along.) "No, who are you?" [Points at the wall that has his face and says...] "I am the MasalaWala."Genius.
Wow, I am just beginning to learn there is a true difference between decent Indian food and actually AY-MAY-ZING Indian food. ****The samosas *** came in a generous portion. Crispy, thin, yet not greasy skins and VERY substantial fillings. It's very flavorful with the right amount of spice. I sometimes get a heart burn from Indian food, but not at the MasalaWala :)*** Indian cheese puff ** Oh man, freshly baked from the tandoori oven with melting cheese inside. who needs pizza after eating this! *** machuri cauliflowers** UNIQUE DISH! it's prepared in a fusion way with both Indian and Hakha-ian spices. It almost has a meaty texture with so much flavor packed in them! *** BEST CHAI TEA *** in the citythe chai teas here are freshly simmered , not like other Indian restaurants where they just pour from a giant whisk. MUST TRY! In addition, the PEOPLE really makes the Masalawala stand out.The owner "the Masalawal", Roni, and Roni's wife, together with the chefs, Muhammad and Aeri (?) were all so friendly. They all strived to make sure my group enjoyed our food and were having a good time. Mr Masalawala would chat with and even hug EVERY customerSuch a hidden gem in the heart of lower east side!! I've heard others hosting birthday/bachelorette parties here. I can see myself follow suit and introduce my friends to this amazing restaurant!
It only took one bite for me to get hooked on this place! But too bad it's all the way in New York...My sister walked in around 6pm and were seated right away. I believe they were still offering some "happy hour" deals along with their regular menu.1. Kolkata Gobi Manchurian, which is fried cauliflower in a fantastic sweet/sour sauce. I had never tasted anything like that, but it was so darn good I could have just eaten that for the rest of the night. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking to try something a little different! 2. Chicken Tikka Masala is without a doubt one of my all time favorite Indian dishes, so I knew that I had to try their version of it. The chicken was tender and the sauce was full of spices! 3. Garlic Naan was recommended to us by fellow Yelpers, so we had to get that too! The bread was so soft and nicely sprinkled with garlic. I love all kinds of naan bread and this one was fantastic! 4. FREE SAMOSAS if you check in! I don't know why, but I felt bad to ask for 2 samosas (1 for my sister and 1 for me) but they just showed up with 2 anyway so that just added to their overall great customer service! The samosas were delicious and crispy. The sauce that it came with had the sweet and salty combination and it complemented the dish so well!I would highly recommend coming here if you have the chance! East Village/Lower East Side is also such a great place to be in and just walk around afterwards! The food is SO good and the employees are very sweet. Everything gets a 10/10.
This place was great. It was pretty fancy for an Indian restaurant. The food was eclectic. I loved the atmosphere. I had a chicken curry Disney. The samosas were tasty.
Everything is great at MasalaWala except for that no good MasalaWala himself (big wink ;) )!Really enjoyed my experience at MW last week from the atmosphere, which is much classier than most indian restaurants, to the service (the man myth and legend himself spent a lot of time joking at our table), to the high quality dishes we had the pleasure of consuming.Will certainly be back!
Indian food is one of my favorite dining experiences. And the food here is both excellent and reasonably priced. The baby eggplant in an Indian yogurt and peanut sauce is one of the best vegetarian dishes I have ever eaten in any Indian restaurant. But everything we ate was delicious. Extremely attentive service by the owner and the wait staff. Why only 4 stars? The place is small and a bit cramped. And, on this first visit for me, the bathroom was filthy. Worse, one of their kitchen staff had just finished using it and made no effort to see that it was cleaned up afterwards. I'll give them a pass on this blemish and will assume it was an anomaly. Given the great service and fabulous food I know I'll be back.
Great customer service. The owner was very passionate and caring. He gave a lot of hugs and made sure we were served and enjoyed the food. A comment on the menu: I love that they give you a glossary and tell you what is vegan. Thanks! I checked in and received a free samosa which tasted better than expected. It must be their green sauce. Kolkata Gobi Manchurian - this dish reminded me of the famous general tso chicken. Pretty nifty since it's cauliflower.Chowringhee Pani Puri - This dish is so cool! I loved it. Fill up the puff with the sauce they give you, pop the whole puff in your mouth and it explodes! Wow. This was a first for me. You'll feel so refreshed. Or maybe that was just me? Vegetable Jalfrezi - I asked for it to have med spicy and it was a tad. No wow factor here. It was sauteed vegetables which mainly consisted of peppers. I'm still searching for good vegetable curry. Or maybe I should just stick with Thai curry. Lemon Rice - Not bad. It was a nice twist to regular rice but nothing I would crave for.
Great food and service even at 11 pm on a Thursday night. We had the samosa chat, malai kofta, channa masala and garlic naan. The channa masala and garlic naan were probably the best I've had in a very long time. Overall great food and service both
Delicious food! Great service, felt very cozy in there like I was having dinner at somebody's home. Highly recommend the paneer tikka masala and garlic naan.
This place is superb. We had a 830 reservation on Opentable on a Friday and were promptly seated, and ordered the following: Kingfisher - the large is a pretty good sizeMango Lassi - so, so delicious. this was neither too sweet nor too creamy and it went perfectly with all the spices of the foodVegetarian samosa - this was okay, a little too bready for me but the bf liked itAloo chaat - just like my friend's mom used to make! Very tasty and i liked the chickpeas in itLamb Vindaloo - so tender, and neither too oily or salty. great as leftovers the next day tooChicken tikka masala - really goodGarlic Naan - very chewy (almost like cheesy bread) but no complaintsI also liked that the owner came over and seemed genuinely curious in how we found out about his place and was warm and friendly.Check-in for a free veggie samosa, but make sure to try some of the other apps too!
Nice little Indian. Little being an important word. There aren't many tables and it does get busy so try and reserve if you can.I had the lamb rogan josh which came out on the slightly spicy side but it was nonetheless still very Delish.Would definitely recommend the garlic nan, was very yum. Also be warned, the portions are generous!
Following my review, the owner got in touch to apologize and see if there was anything he could do to improve my experience.I placed another order for Lamb Saagwala and the vegetarian sampler appetizer. The curry arrived hot and within the delivery time and was delicious. The appetizer didn't appeal to me personally, but to each their own. I'm happily updating my review to 4 stars - this is the level of customer service all restaurants should strive for! Thanks Roni!
Cute, little location.Samosas were delicious.Naan was so fresh and fluffy and crispy all at the same time. The masalawallah himself is a gem.If you're craving Indian, this is the perfect spot.
5 stars because hospitality is everything to me. Mr. Masala Wala, himself walks around the tables to greet you with warm conversation, great jokes of his age and makes you feel at home. We enjoyed the food but that ice cream, well, I'm returning just for that, the utensils used will surprise you. Soooooo, yes, I would recommend this friendly place because there is nothing like leaving your home to feel at home!
Good Indian Meal with perfect spice level. Friendly staff. Very attentive to the needs on the table. Fast service. Would recommend to anyone looking for good Indian food in NYC
At first I thought it's a bit on the expensive side since entrees were more than the usual  $10-12 bucks ..they are $17 and starters are more than the usual as well. I said why not let's try it ...I have to say the food was absolutely delicious !!!!! From the chaats to the naan to the main course. Even the mango lassi is double in quantity then some of the other cheaper places I was comparing it with. They were also kind enough to deliver Much sooner upon request even though seamless said 60-70 mins. I will definitely go there in person next time to experience the ambiance. Highly recommend !!!
Ate here on a busy Saturday night and had a great experience. The owner was making rounds and asking about the food and how the meal experience was going. You could tell he was very invested in the customers' experiences at his restaurant, which was super refreshing. The place is small, so you can expect a half an hour or so wait during the typical busy times, but there's plenty of bars around where you can wait.We started off the night with some paneer tikka and lucknowi chicken tikka. Both of these were fantastic. Special props for the sweet chutney which accompanied the paneer tikka. The chicken in the lucknowi tikka melted in the mouth and you could tell they hadn't just slapped the spices on top because you could taste them deep in the tikka. Appetizers - awesome.For the entrees we went chicken tikka masala and shahi paneer w/ garlic naan. The garlic naan was fantastic, I had been disappointed last month with my naan at a curry hill joint, so this was great to get some amazing naan. I would argue it was the best naan I had had. The shahi paneer was amazing and the chicken tikka masala was great too. I think the naan really brought the show together. I also ordered a milk chai because I was feeling nostalgic, was a fantastic decision because it rounded out my meal nicely. Would recommend to friends and am definitely coming back.
Good vibes and good food.... My husband and I were craving Indian food after watching the movie "One hundred foot Yard journey"  I decided to go on Yelp and check out a new spot from our regular Indian spot. I discovered  Masala Wala saw good reviews and indifferent reviews. Because I am a small business owner and understand that other people's experiences are not my own, we gave it a go and I am so happy we did. We were a group of 5 the service was speedy and the food delicious, no complaints here. Most entertaining part of the experience was meeting "The Masala Wala" himself. Very sweet older gentleman spreading nothing but love. I most certainly recommend this place for a lovely meal.
Food, perfect. Service, perfect. Experience, amazing! Money well spent! Vegetarian options in abundance. My friend who eats meat was equally satisfied. Take a date if you can. Great food. Great impression.
This is the best Indian place in NYC in my opinion. Bonus points for being halal. The portions are generous and the taste is phenomenal and authentic. Prices are fair. The only con I'd say is that it's a small restaurant and thus it doesn't always have seats available, especially on weekends. The biryani, vindaloo, butter chicken and naan are all wonderful.
Their food is solid and we were especially pleased to meet The Masalawala himself while we were there.  Seeing that the owner is on site and genuinely concerned with customer satisfaction earned them the 5th star.  We'll be back!
We met the Masalawala himself and he was extremely kind. The food was delicious and I WILL be going back again. Everyone who works there gives off an amazing vibe. 5/5!Lovely!!!
One of the best Indian Restaurant I've tried so far. I went here for dinner and for starters I had the Wala Mango Lassi. I highly recommend this drink for those that enjoy the rich creamy texture of yogurt mixed with mangoes. This drink is not too sweet and can be filling. So remember not to drink all of it before your main entree comes. Appetizers:Mumbai Samosa Vegan: This fried pastry comes in a really big portion, so you will have to cut it up to eat it. (Warning:  It can get a little messy if your knife isn't sharp enough.)Gobi Cauliflower: I thought I was eating meat when I tried this dish. Their savory sauce made it seem like I wasn't even eating vegetable at all!Main Course:Chicken Tikka Masala: The BEST I've had. The chicken was not dry at all, it was a little moist and the sauce was amazing. For those that love cream sauce, this tomato base cream sauce was not too thick and full of spices. Atmosphere: The seating is very comfortable and cozy, perfect for brunch and dinner. The service was wonderful, the server made sure we had water.I would definitely come back and I highly recommend this restaurant to those who are around the LES :)
Food was amazing, and the service was great. We walked in and the owner got up and greeted us like if we were family and throughout our meal everyone was extremely on point. Will definitely go back!!
I was disappointed by my experience at this establishment.  We ordered the saag paneer and malai kofta.  The malai kofta was fine (just fine, not great), and the saag paneer tasted like shortening...or i dunno, it just didn't taste good.But what was more disappointing than the food was the service.  We found the service overbearingly attentive.  Constantly and awkwardly checking in on us.  And they kept trying to push us to order appetizers or naan.The manager came out at the end and he was kind and friendly.  But overall, the experience was subpar.I feel like I've had better indian and better service for the same price.
Really incredible food and service. Malai Kofta is my favorite dish but everything has been delicious.
One of the best Indian restaurants in New York.Came on a rainy night craving Indian food and wala wala here we were!!! Tiny restaurant, the seats were very close together and kind of cramped. Glad it wasn't too crowded, so we had some space.We were seated promptly and given flaxseed papadum to start. Checked in on Yelp and got free veggie samosas! They were pretty decent, flavorful and fried perfectly. It was a nice start to the meal, even if it's a bit heavy.BF got the chicken tandoori with cucumber raita and I got the paneer tikka masala with basmati rice. We also got the highly recommended garlic naan to share. Our food took a bit of time to come out so we were expecting it to be made to order. BF's chicken tandoori was grilled to perfection and very tender and seasoned right. He did not enjoy it much with the provided green ginger chutney sauce, but liked it better with the raita. There were about 5 large pieces of dark meat and he was enjoyed it very much and could not even finish the amount of food!My paneer tikka masala was delicious and perfect with dipping in the naan bread. I'm not a big fan of rice in general, but I managed to finish most of my rice with the masala. There was a tiny kick of heat to it, but definitely cooled down with yogurt. We were beyond full! It was so much food, and the prices were decent. The service was good, even if there was 4 waiters serving 4/5 tables, which was kind of weird having all of them stand around. Our waiter was attentive and check up on us and refilled our water. He explained to us that yogurt is used in Indian cuisine less than it is in Pakistani cuisine which is almost everywhere. But since Masalawala is a blend of Indian and Pakistani cuisine, they use more yogurt here, thus not as spicy as you would expect traditional Indian to be. Lovely meal, would definitely come back.
First off, I don't normally write reviews, but WOW, how could I not after such a perfect experience at MasalaWala! The restaurant is a beautiful and intimate setting. The service is absolutely spot on. The food....AMAZING! We ordered about 8 different things and each one was absolutely delicious! The best Indian food I've ever had and the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to. Do yourself a favor and go to MasalaWala!
This little place is a gem!  Cozy room, friendly service and delicious food.  Waiter was very helpful and made great recommendations - the Borivali Papri Chaat was a terrific way to start the meal - crispy, spicy, savory and tart.  We also had the Jaipuri Paneer, Cheese Chili Naan, Lamb Vindaloo, Tandoori Chicken and Chicken Tikka Masala.  All the sauces/marinades had excellent flavor, the portions were generous and the braises come with rice.  My only complaint was that several of the meats seemed a bit over done (one piece of the Tandoori was dry, as well as the lamb).
Atmosphere and service gives this spot a 5/5. After asking about our meal one server even voluntarily exchanged an appetizer plate for being too salty. Food was overpriced for the quality in my opinion, but it's in a great spot if you're looking to grab a meal before hitting a few bars/clubs in LES
The friggin lamb chops!!! OMGThey have so many really incredible dishes, which as a foodie I love. I have to say the have a baby lamb chop dish which is crazy. My wife and I bring home the sauce to mix with rice for days after. Holy crap is all I can say.PS you better like spice
Great places, great food. The physical space is very small, so make sure to get reservations ahead of time.
This place is hands down a 5 star establishment. The food is simply awesome, impeccable, bursting flavor and prepared to perfection. The service is extremely friendly and even though it's slightly pricey, the freshness, spices, and nuances of each dish make it worth the extra few bucks. We also came in with a Gilt deal but I won't hesitate to go back in the future without. Highlights, not to miss: Apps: Tiger Shrimp (comes with an incredible yogurt/creamy sauce), a traditional chick pea dish, and a cauliflower dish (names have escaped me.)Main course: sweet (prewari?) naan, veggie khorma Dessert: mango and pistachio homemade ice cream.Skip the other dessert that's homemade and again do not miss the ice creams I've mentioned. I told the owner at MasalaWala that he could sell his ice cream anywhere. It's just that good. Kind of tastes like a mochi/custard blend. Just. So. Good. Also, the salmon wasn't my favorite. Go for any shrimp instead.
This place was amazing!  The service was excellent, the food was excellent and the owner, "Masala Wala", was constantly available and checking in to make sure everything was perfectlThe atmosphere is nothing fancy and much smaller than I expected.The cauliflower app was excellent, as was the tiger shrimp. Wine prices were reasonable. Chicken korma was great and the best part was that we all left feeling satisfied but not disgusting like some Indian restaurants can make you feel due to the oiliness. I can't wait to go back! I heard they are looking to open two additional locations in the city.
Five star Service with 4 star appetizers. Hakka chili chicken was one of, if not ,the best one I have had except for in India. Tiger shrimps were something new and memorable. we had two. Will definitely go there again. Although, they need to work on their curries, and naans need to executed a lil better. We would have sent the curry back but the service was so nice that we couldn't do it. Did not get to try biryani, but will update after the second visit. Get tiger shrimp and chili chicken.
The food was incredible and the service was amazing. The owner is an incredibly nice guy who takes an interest in each customer. This was one of the better meals I've had in NYC in a long time.
I've wanted to try this place for so long and I was finally able to!! Everything was delicious; we ordered a mango lassi, onion naan, gobi Manchurian (app), aloo gobi, and chicken tikka masala. Only thing I was dissipointed in was the chicken - I ordered spicy (right below Indian spicy) and it was completely mild...the aloo gobi which was ordered as medium was wayyyy spicer than the chicken dish. Overall, tho, everything was outstanding and the owner was so kind throughout the meal!! We were told there would be a 1/2 hour wait for 2 people but it was only around 10. I was so stuffed we didn't get dessert :( HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Went here on a Friday night. Had reservations for 2, but it wasn't crazy busy. We ordered the sea bass, madras chicken, chicken tandoori, shrimp appetizer, and chicken appetizer. The appetizers were good; though the shrimp was the better of the two. The sea bass curry was amazing. My mom is indian, and has made a lot of awesome curry's, but I've never had a dish like that, it was fantastic. The chicken tandoori and the Madras curry were also good, but we're overshadowed by sea bass. For desert we had gulab jamun and rasmalai which went together wonderfully. One hot and one cold, really tasty. Had the two Rieslings which both went well with the meal.All in all a solid experience. Will definitely be coming back, both the food and customer service were great. It was a good experience.
The food and service was excellent, great find.  Had a picture with the MasalaWala himself!
My friends and I went here for my birthday dinner and it was a great pick. I had no idea it was in my neighborhood but am glad it's close because I will definitely be coming back. It's a small place but cozy and I liked the decor. I was able to reserve a table for 6 people. We ordered a lot of food and what I liked the most were the garlic naan, baingan bharta (eggplant dish), chicken jalfrezi and the vegetable jalfrezi. Besides the food, what made the place great was the service. Our waiters were kind and attentive and you might notice an older looking man also walking around. I joked with my friend that that man looked like the guy on the cover of the menu, turns out he was. The eponymous Masalawala came over to introduce himself and ask how the food was so far. I felt that gave the place an even warmer feeling as if he was welcoming you into his kitchen. My friends brought a cake and surprised me with it. Staff was accommodating of that as well. If you are looking for good Indian cuisine, this place is a win.
Came in with high expectations, but left feeling a bit underwhelmed. The Kolkata Gobi Manchurian (fried cauliflower starter) had a wonderful sweet and spicy sauce and the dal makhani was some of the best I've had. The low point of the meal was the Dilli Basil Chicken, which I found to be overcooked with a disturbingly soft texture. The marinade/sauce was reminiscent of a watered-down pesto. Very disappointing. Dessert was the pistachio kulfi accompanied by a cup of masala chai. Both were good; nothing spectacular, though.The service was fast, the space was cozy and friendly and the prices were very reasonable. Despite the downfalls, I'd go back for the dal and cauliflower alone. 3.5/5
This little lower east side charmer has it all.  The ambiance is perfect for a casual evening and the food was exceptional.  Add to that the reasonable prices and friendly and caring staff and you have a sure winner.  The added touch when the owner, Masala Wala comes by your table to make sure you enjoyed everything puts a finishing touch on a fantastic evening and dining experience.
Love the food! Love the service! Love the owner - he's a very happy guy who wants everyone to try his delicious food. YUMMMM. Get the lamb shahi korma and the fried cauliflower appetizer.
Came here with a group of friends, were seated right away. Props for having a yelp check-in for a free veggie samosa, the entire table got one :). We also ordered buttered naan rolls that everyone enjoyed. To drink I chose the large kingfish beer, for $9 dollars pretty good size. For my main course I got the Lamb Rogan Josh (wonder where they got that name?) It consisted of   kashmiri curry made with tomatoes, spices and Australian lamb. The meat portion was generous compared to some other indian spots, and the spices were cooked just right, as i requested it not be too spicey. The waiter was fast and efficient, and made some good recommendations, most of the table got a different lamb choice and all thoroughly enjoyed it. I think for any future Indian food stops in the LES this will be my new go to spot.
Best Indian food, hands down. Good vibes, great service. The owner came out and greeted my party and was so friendly and made sure everything came out right. Visiting from California and we found this on Yelp. Will definitely be coming back.
I'm Pakistani so I think merit some street props in my review. The food is way too heavy - felt like I had a rock in my stomach afterwards. They overstuff their rolls and not everything always tastes fresh (I've gotten variety rolls each time).
Sorry, guys, but I don't quite get the hype. Sure, the food is good but it's not blow-your-mind 5 stars good. Maybe I ordered the wrong things because I didn't get the cauliflower?Anyway, chicken saagwala was tasty enough with plenty of tender chicken, not amazingly different from other ones I've had but maybe a little bit less complexly spiced. The Baghara Baingan had whole baby eggplants in a somewhat sweet sauce that was alright. Garlic naan was incredibly fragrant and fluffy. All in all, a good meal but the prices are higher than I'd like since the entrees are around $15-17 and I've definitely gotten comparable or better Indian food (and larger portions) in NYC for a bit cheaper. At that price point, I just wanted it to be better, you know?
Amazing service the owner welcomesYou and chats with you while you wait for your table!It's a very nice restaurant but very small can fit only about 30people! We got the samosas and the cauliflower Manchurian!!! Definitely the best ever
This place seriously is the best. When the take-out food is even on point you know it's a good place to eat.
This place was just as advertised! Delicious food and a cozy location. What was unexpected was the level of customer service! My water glass was refilled at least a dozen times and our waiter (Suhel) was once of the best I've ever had! Even the Owner stopped by and asked us how the meal was. Incredibly impressed and will be sure to visit again!
Food is excellent.  Keep in mind spicy is extra spicy and extra spicy is super spicy so order accordingly.  The mango kulfi is the best I have had. It is made from authentic Alfonso mangos. The side costs 3 dollars for a small glass.  So the place is a bit pricey.
Came back again. Still no bueno. No flavor and tandoori lamb overcooked. Pani puri was soo basic.
Ate dinner here with a friend on impulse we were starving! All tables were either occupied or reserved, the waiter allowed us to sit down at a reserved table. We ordered samosas, the cauliflower appetizer (amazing!) but that garlic naan oh sweet heaven that was orgasmic !!!I ordered the saag paneer and poured all that green sauce on it (lord it was awesome) my companion ordered a vegan dish I did not taste but she loved it. All in all this is a solid place. It's far from me but I will travel here again.The service was amazing, waiters and bus boys frequently checked in, water was filled without having to ask. They were always available for questions and or a laugh. Great place!
Just had, or tried to have, three delivered dishes from this "gourmet south asian" restaurant, and feel more like WE have been "had."  BE WARNED--this was the absolutely WORST culinary experience my wife (a gourmet chef herself) and I have endured for a very very long time.  The "lamb" was thinly disguised mutton, the chicken tasted like chalky paste and was simply inedible, plus we were overcharged on the already pricey garbage, most of which we had to throw out.  Masala Wala seems to have perfected the mostly lost art (at least in NYC) of rendering food nearly, if not completely, inedible and also, adding insult to injury, tacking on ridiculously high prices!  AVOID LIKE THE SIKA VIRUS!
First off, this place is DELICIOUS! We ordered the lamb, saffron chicken, vegetarian samosas, and garlic naan. Everything was on par, and the seasoning was on point! The place is small and there was a little bit of wait, but it was definitely worth it! The chicken and lamb were both so tender, and all the portions were very generous.At the end of the meal, MasalaWala himself came to our table to chit chat and asked us about our meal. Of course we had no complaints, and we noticed, he made it a point to go up to every table and ask them how their meal went. Plus we got free dessert (v. fresh mango ice cream) :)Even if you don't like Indian food, this place will change your life
Not sure why this place has such a high rating.  I would say at best, this is 3.5.  What is up with staff members giving a dirty look when we don't have a reservation? Why don't we have a reservation? Because your site doesn't work and doesn't let us make a reservation.  Do we really have to call to make one? Do we live in the 1990's?  Don't need your staff attitude..the restaurant wasn't even crowded a bit on a Monday night.Chicken tika masala was mediocre and wasn't creamy enough.  I am comparing this with the Malai Marke restaurant... I really enjoyed the bowls that Malai had.  Here, they serve it to you in plain white bowls.  That might be a minor thing, but it's an atmosphere/personal preference.  Small things are nice additional touches.Rice comes with your entree, so no need to order a side of rice.The flavors weren't memorable.  If you want to just fill your stomach, this is the place to go -- but if you want to go on a flavor journey, this is not the place for you.
Food amazing for those seeking the authentic and many variations of street food are taken the next level up as if you're in India.  The odd choice of music, unfriendly seating arrangements and in general environs need to be transcend otherwise this would be five star.When here try what you think you know and you'll reimagine the usual.  Tempt you self to explore and you'll be transported.  Whatever you do you MUST get a masala chai.  It is a religious experience or as close to one as you'll get outside India as it makes chai tea at nearly all cafes look like a pale reflection of what it should be after one sip.
Excellent service, authentic taste. Great experience. I felt I was having dinner in India.
One of the rare places on the LES where you can make a reservation with relatively short notice for a Saturday night!  Had a small group dinner here yesterday and everyone's bellies were full and happy of:+ garlic naan - puffy and brilliant with specks of golden garlic+ lamb saagwala - essentially creamed spinach with chunks of tender lamb+ chicken vindaloo - not too spicy, flavorful tomato sauce with soft, well-cooked chicken (which I think was dark meat - the best meat according to my fat face!)+ lamb khorma - so lusciously creamy with more, ever so tender, Australian lamb+ gobi manchurian - fried bits of cauliflower general tso style - a little bit overfried to me, but the table loved the flavor of the scarlet red sauce+ masala chai - which is every bit of delicious as you read on here, so creamy, balanced in sweetness and spiceThe service is a bit peculiar here, but the atmosphere is warm, the water glasses are filled on the regular, and Mr. Masalawala will come by and personally check on your table and give you a handshake at the end, or in my case, a one-armed hug.  I've never hugged a restauranteur before, but maybe this is where I start!
I was looking for a good Pakistani food place, saw 4.5 stars on yelp and got really excited. I thought this would be it! Unfortunately we were really disappointed with the quality of food. It was below average. Just about everything was sub-par. We got chicken tikka masala which turned out to be totally character less. Then tried their lamb kakori kabab which were equally below average. Even the naan bread was pathetic - uneven blobs of wheat. Coke and Sprite were without gas too. At the end we paid $63 for two to three pathetic dishes. Don't know who are these people rating this place so high
I've been here twice and every time the food has been fragrant and tasty, and the owner "THE" Masalawala, was really accommodating.He recommended the best desserts, and gave us guidance to navigate the huge menu. The lunch specials are great value, too.
Awesome place, truly outstanding Indian food and great service to go with it.We tried several appetizers and all were awesome. I particularly recommend the Kati rolls, which were better here than at the Kati Roll Company (bigger, more flavor).When it came to entrees, they were all delicious. The Tikka Masala and Saag Panner were the highlights, but overall I was impressed by the depth of flavor in every dish. Also, the Naan was quite simply the best I have had in NYC. Even the wine was quite good (not something I have come to expect at Indian restaurants).The service was excellent throughout the meal. Everyone in my group independently noticed how attentive they were with the water (my glass was never less than 3/4 full), and the owner even came by to check in on us. Even though he had a full restaurant, he seemed honored to have us and eager to explain how his kitchen made everything from scratch.Can't wait to head back and try some of the more exotic offerings on the menu (although I'll probably always order the tikka as well).
I love the food here!  I especially love the fact that the owner always walks around making sure you're enjoying the food!  He's truly an old school business owner.  Not only that, the waiters and busboys are very attentive to clearing the table or refilling your water glass.  I highly recommend this place, I've been here a bunch of times (2 years in a row for my bday) and I will continue to eat here in the future as well.
Me and my friends came here for dinner today. Initially we were a bit sceptical about the food here since it was the first time we visited this place and we came here just because of the reviews we saw in Yelp and that we were roaming in the locality. But after having the dinner here, I would say it has one of the best experiences I have had at any restaurant in US.To start of, the Indian tea offered here was so good that we had to order it twice. The food is good here and there are a lot of options both for the veg and non-veg including appetizers and beverages. But what I liked the most about this place was the service provided to us. These ppl really care about their customers and ensure every small details are met. Brilliant!
The owner here is so nice!  The food is from his family recipes and wow.  Just wow.  The best Indian food I've ever had! The Garlic Naan.... My boyfriend, his best friend and I almost fought over the last piece!!!!  I forgot the name of the dishes we got but we got the lamb dish and a cauliflower dish.  It was amazing.  We also the Masala Chai!  That was really good too!!And the dessert.. just wow. We got the mango ice cream.. I'm sorry but I forgot the names.  If you ask the owner, he will tell you which one it is!  Anyways, it was that good that while I was talking to the owner, my boyfriend ate it all... We shouldn't have shared..
Terrible. Not sure why it has high reviews. Chicken had a mashed potato consistency covered with weird blue cheese sauce (the non veggie starter platter). The lamb was hard and chewy in the $19 lamb curry dish. Utterly disgusting. The rice tasted flaccid and served barely lukewarm. The $4 beer was the only highlight, but that's because it came bottled.
My order took a little over an hour. I ordered basmati rice with vindoloo curry and the non vegetarian sampler. The sampler included shrimp, chicken and a dumpling. It wasnt bad, but everything was a little cold; particularly the sampler and the chicken was dry. Overall though the tase was good, the curry was spicy, good curry. Nothing great, but good. Not enough to warrant price thought. Maybe eat again, maybe learn the art of mastering curry instead.
The food and service are 10/10! It's family owned and Mr Masala Wala himself greets you with a smile when you walk in! Best Indian food in town!
Fantastic Indian street food and more at this unassuming but passionately run LES eatery. The SO found this place on Yelp for dinner before a show at the Mercury Lounge. Inside the rather small chest that is MasalaWala beats a very big heart. We made a reservation but they were ready to seat us before we had a chance to tell them. There are a couple of seats outside, but if you'd rather forego people-watching on Essex Street, the indoor part is just fine.We ordered a bottle of dry Riesling (off-dry available, too) to lubricate ourselves for spices to come. The waiter was solicitous with ready suggestions for their house special dishes. Sadly, cauliflower is one of five things on this green earth that I do NOT eat, but don't let that stop you from taking a crack at the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian. Instead we shared a Tandoori Malai Tiger Shrimp appetizer--the crustaceans were of jumbo size and bathed in tasty layers of sour cream, nutmeg, and sesame oil.My companions ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Chana Masala (spicy chickpeas); both delicious. I was on some sort of lamb kick that day and inexplicably ordered the Speciality Lamb Kakori Kebab (reputedly the world's most tender kebab, skewered from Australian lamb). It was delicious and very soft as promised--a lighter version of lula kebab--but I wish I had ordered something a little more adventurous. The naan we got was hot and fresh, yum. The group was too stuffed for dessert but I had to try the Rabri Ras Malai (cottage cheese dumplings in condensed milk). These were good, but the mango ice cream offered up as a treat by the owner was transcendent. It's mochi meets mango lassi: definitely get an order, or four.Speaking of the owner, he is definitely a character, and a bit of a ham, but he'll win you over. I've seen excellent service in some other Indian places around the city, but this man will ensure you leave happy.
I stumbled upon The MasalaWala while browsing on Yelp for Indian food for my best friend's birthday group dinner.  I made the reservation on opentable.com for a party of nine a week before.  It was a quick and simple process.  Then a few days later, the birthday girl announced that she was unable to attend.  As disappointed as we were, we understood the reason and decided to continue with the dinner as a casual get-together instead.  We figured it would be a nice change of cuisine since we rarely eat Indian food as a group anyway.As my friends and I entered this small yet cozy Indian restaurant on a Friday evening, the setting is modern, clean, and dim lit.  We found our long table, which was simply four small tables put together, against the wall with a "Reserved" place card on top.  Nice.  No waiting time! The owner was on-site and extremely friendly, maybe too friendly because he kept on checking up on us, which made us feel a little bit uncomfortable.  However, he did make us all feel like we were guests in his own home so it was very welcoming to a certain extent I guess.  I think the owner should win the warmest hospitality award!There is a great range of menu items - maybe too many selections that I did not know what to order in the beginning.  I sure felt like a foreigner dining in an authentic Indian restaurant because I am not familiar with some of the Indian terms on the menu.  However, good thing the short descriptions underneath the names of the dishes helped.  The food/drinks are moderately priced.  We did not pay attention to the wine menu because we normally don't when dining in as a group.We each started with a Mumbai Veg Semosa (handcrafted crispy turnovers stuffed with spiced potatoes and peas), which were complementary appetizers, because we all checked into Yelp on our mobile phones.  The waiter chuckled at us for showing him our phones all at once.  Hey, a freebie is a goodie!  The Semosa was excellent with a nice degree of crispiness and spiciness. My main course was the Goan Fish Curry (famous dish with coconut milk, mustard seeds, curry leaves and shredded coconut).  I thought the fish curry was a little heavy on the mustard seeds, but it is just personal taste.  I also thought they added too many chili peppers when I asked for MILD.  I almost ate a chunk of hidden peppers. The dish came with a bowl of Basmati Rice.  The rice was a tad bit hard for swallowing.  Overall, a good dish if you like curry and fish.  I enjoyed the freshness of the fish and the unique curry taste.My fiancé had the Chicken Jalfrezi (A tantalizing combination of paprika, tomatoes, and coriander with fresh spices).  It was ok.  Chicken slightly dried, but very tasty curry.  Again, the rice was hard and rough.  Perhaps, that is how Indian rice tastes like?I ordered the recommended Masala Chai (Indian chai with cloves, cardamom, cinnamon  ginger) just because it was rated "Best Chai In The City" by Tasting Table.  I am not a usual Chai drinker, but I  thought it was ok, very smooth and minty.  My friend who had the same Chai, on the other hand, felt it was nothing special and could be easily made at home.  Then comes a surprise surpise.  My other friend ordered the Mango Wala Lassi, in which I took a sip.  And I immediately fell in love with this specialty drink.  It is a yogurt drink with mango, rose, and salt.  Hey, you lose one and win one!To conclude, my party and I had a good time despite the mixed feelings about the food/drinks and service.  May or may not return because I should broaden my horizon and try other Indian restaurants!
Awesome Indian food.. Very few places in NY has authentic Indian food and this place is one of them... Must try Samosa.. Very delicious.. Reminded me the taste of India... Must Try this place..
Entering the MasalaWala we knew it was legit. The sweet warm scent of curry and fresh naan, and the MasalaWala himself (the store owner) welcomed us at the door. I'm an Indian food aficionado and was expecting deep flavors. And I got them. We had Chicken ticka masala and chicken madras. Very good! Also tried the mango pulp ice cream which was creamy and sweet with great flavor!
Best Indian food ever! Thanks to yelp we found this. Very courteous staff and great authentic taste compared to some places we've been in queens and in Long Island. I recommend this curries were all great food.
Had an absolutely incredible meal here. From the friendly, attentive, and high class service to the delicious food, this is now one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I could eat the mango ice cream every day! And the owner was so lovely, constantly making his rounds checking the tables and asking how everything was. Perfect ambience for both special occasions or casual.
The first thing besides the food that was exceptional is their staff and service. They go above and beyond for their customers. My wife and I came here twice and she ordered the chicken korma both times. She's very sensitive to spiciness and we explicitly said not spicy. Long story short, the boss went out of his way to get it right for us. He also walks around his restaurant and greets customers which is a very nice experience.The food was amazing and well priced for what it's worth. Definitely get a garlic nan if you are getting a curry dish. The Indian mango ice cream for dessert was awesome as well.
Lovely food. Reasonable prices. Plenty of well-identified vegan options. A light and polite and fun atmosphere. Service was dedicated and professional and on-point. Will be back.
I enjoyed my food and the whole experience in this restaurant. The ambiance is very classy, the staff is attentive and the food is well presented. I ate there for dinner and I liked the north Indian dishes they served. All in all I will give it five stars. Price can be on the high-side, but it is worth it. So if you are on the lower east side and are craving Indian this is the place to come
The masala walla curries are phenomenal! Highly recommend for their fresh ingredients and attentive service. Ten stars x
My husband and I had Indian food years ago and found it so spicy that there was no way to taste the flavor.   We recently planned a weekend in Manhattan to visit our daughter and her girlfriend. When she asked where we wanted to eat, we asked if she knew a good Indian restaurant so we could try it again.  SOOOOO glad we asked!  She took us to her favorite - The Masala Wala and we are hooked. The food was flavorful and unique. We dined on Tikka Masala, a chicken dish with a wonderful sauce to spoon over rice along with Chana Masala and Chana Saagwala.   The meal was rounded out with Naan, fluffy Basmati rice, delicious Mango Chutney and Kingfisher beer.  The cook accommodated our request of "not too spicy" graciously and let us peek over the wall to see his magic in the kitchen.  Our waiter was on point throughout our meal and treated us to a Mango Wala Kulfi which was is a very yummy, creamy mango ice cream.   Their in-house menu has a glossary making the selection process less scary for novices like my husband and I.  We highly recommend Masala Wala and will make it a regular stop on our visits to the city.
This is a small restaurant but big on flavors. The owner and staff are very attentive and friendly. The non veg sampler, lamb ronganjosh, chicken tikka masala and garlic nan were awesome.
Love this place! This easily tops as one of my favorite Indian restaurants in the city and not because we went there using a gilt city deal but everything about the experience was quite memorable. My friends and I went for dinner last Saturday and ordered 4 apps, 4 entrees, 2 desserts, and 2 bottles of wine as part of this deal. The waiter was very patient and courteous to us and was even nice enough to let us have the free samosa for the yelp check in. We should've passed on that particularly because we knew how much food was going to come. But nonetheless, we had the samosas and they were delicious. There were very little exceptions in terms of using the deal and so we ordered two samplers (one veg and one non-veg), hakka chili chicken, and a lamb bhuna roll for the apps. Wala Veg Sampler - liked the fritter although I wasn't sure what it was exactly (tasted pretty good with the chili sauce)Wala Non-Veg Sampler - loved the malai tiger shrimpHakka Chili Chicken - this one tasted like sweet  sour chicken (still pretty tasty though)Lamb Bhuna Roll - practically all meat in a burrito cut in half (more like an entree to me than an app) we ended up packing the other halfBy this time, we were almost 75% full and the main courses haven't even arrived. We got 2 salmon tikka masalas, a chicken tikka masala, and a chicken saagwala along with 4 naan breas. The sauce was very creamy and tomatoey just the way I like it. You can also have the spice level at mild, medium or spicy. My friend got medium and said that it does progressively get spicier as you eat. I ended up packing up most of my dish but was excited because I knew I could eat it again!For dessert, we got 2 orders of wala kulfi (one mango and one pistachio). We all personally liked the mango because we actually tasted alot of the mango flavor. They make this ice cream in house and it was definitely a nice treat after all the carbs we ingested. As for the wine, we got the octave vinho verde in the white wine section and it was light in taste so I definitely approve.The owner of the place was there that day and he checked up on us about three times to make sure we were okay. I thought that was sweet of him. The only thing I have to say is that it got stuffy inside but that day was particularly really hot and humid so it may just been a bad day. All in all, love the food, love the atmosphere, the decor, the wait staff, basically everything! Definitely will recommend others who love Indian food and will come back in the future.
Meat Indian meal I've had in New York!  Go with the tandoori tiger prawn app and jalfrezi chicken and best of all- the lamb shank dinner.  Also don't forget the garlic and cheese  naan and a mango lassi to finish!!
I'm a stickler for the quality of chicken. This was not good, I didn't eat that part of the meal. Veggie stuff was fine.
I am acutely aware of the painfully sad truth that I will probably not live to try all of the hundreds of restaurants that I have bookmarked.  A man can only try, and try I did; this beautiful spring Sunday afternoon saw me making the trek down to the Lower East Side of the isle of Manhattan to try The MasalaWala. I found the chaats (savory Indian / Pakistani street food, typically eaten as a late afternoon snack) much more noteworthy than the entrees, which seemed pretty standard for an Indian restaurant in this part of the world.  A Yelp check-in at this establishment entitles you to a free vegetable samosa with an order of an entree priced at $10 or more.  I did not order an entree this afternoon, but I ordered two chaats priced at $7 each.  Since $14 (7+7) exceeds $10 (#funnyhowarithmeticworks), they graciously brought me a free samosa. The samosa was perfectly crisp, striking the impeccable balance between being too hard and too saggy, and the potato and pea stuffing within was immaculately spiced, such that I did not need any condiments to help make it enjoyable.  The pastry to filling ratio was just right. The papri chaat was fresh and exquisitely executed, with the papri (thin, crispy fried dough wafers) in all its crisp glory accompanied by finely chopped onions, spiced diced potatoes, seasoned chickpeas, yogurt raita and a combination of chutneys.  This business has the good sense to use boiled spiced chickpeas rather than curried chickpeas, which would make the papri soggy, and completely ruin this snack.  The yogurt raita, the chutneys, the chaat masala, the onions and the pomegranate seeds unite to bless this chaat with some very toothsome flavors.  The dahi puri (light, crisp, hollow spherical puffs, stuffed with spiced chickpeas, seasoned yogurt, tamarind chutney and diced onions) was pleasantly flavorful. The samosa chaat is an amalgamation of the afore-mentioned perfectly delicious samosa, the afore-mentioned seasoned chickpeas, yogurt raita, chutneys, pomegranate seeds and diced onions.  Need I say more?  You just can't go wrong with such powers combined.  The confluence of tart and savory flavors makes this snack a winner. The milk chai lives up to its hype as the best Indian chai in the City.  It did remind me of the doodh-patti chai that I have had in the Subcontinent.  As I glanced through the dessert menu, I thought I saw the words "Rabri Rasmalai".  I took off my glasses, rubbed my eyes, cleaned the lens of my spectacles, and put them on again.  Half fearing the dreaded affirmation, I peered at the menu again.  There it was again, in conspicuous characters that said "Rabri Rasmalai".  Why was I not heretofore aware of this phenomenon?  Why had this secret lovechild of two of my favorite desserts been concealed from me all these years of my life?  I needed an answer, and to that end, I ordered this dessert, despite the knowledge that I had already eaten way too much.  Well, it tasted like it must have been very tasty when it was fresh.  Due to the warm weather today, they had frozen the rasmalai, which gave its fluffy, moist patties an icy crunch, and rendered it bereft of its freshness.  Again, a man can only try, and I will try this dessert again on a cooler day when they do not freeze it.  Oh, since I have taken to hashtagging, #rasmalaimustneverbefrozen. Overall, solid food, reasonably priced, and cordially served; this place will be seeing plenty of me, mostly for brunch and for evening snacks.
This is my go to spot if I'm craving for garlic naan. Their food is sooooooo goooooooood, so if I'm not cooking and feeling lazy, their food is the answer.
One of the best Indian food places in nyc. The samosa chaat is better than that offered by many places I have eaten at in India! Wow
Food was good, and the owner was there as well.  He even sent a free dessert for us. Overall, I would say, try it once.
I have been to a lot of Indian restaurants in USA, and this is the best so far! A little pricey but their food is totally worth it. It's better than some of the restaurants I loved back home in India. I tried the samosa (free with Yelp check-in!), lamb vindaloo, Kashmiri chicken, and chicken biryani. Kashmiri chicken was a little bland for me (I prefer really spicy food) but flavorful. Biryani was amazing with so many different flavors coming together. Vindaloo was hot, and the lamb was really tender. Price: $20 ++
Came here last night after an extremely long drive back to NY from DC and this restaurant  did not disappoint at all! I completely forgot how tired I was from the drive as soon as I walked in. The seating is a bit tight but you get a bit of homely feel from the atmosphere. We were sat immediately - our server, Sohail expressed a lot of excitement when we sat, and you could really sense that he enjoyed explaining what were some of the best dishes on the menu. The papdi chaat, dhai puri, gobi manchurian and non-veg samplers were all out of this world. Growing up eating Indian food my entire life, I tend to set my expectations at a fairly basic level when I go out to an Indian restaurant but when I had some of the chicken tikka I was blown away by how much flavor it had.  The night was made even better when The Masala Wala himself came over to introduce himself, and would not stop shaking my hand.The food is fantastic here and this has easily become my favorite Indian restaurant in the city thanks to Mr. Masala Wala.
Omg this place is the best Indian restaurant in NYC! The owner is so friendly and nice. The garlic naan melts in your mouth and wow the entrees blew me away. I'm Indian and I can guarantee that this food is fresh and made as ordered! I will recommend to all my friends and family. Check this place out of you want really amazing Indian food!! Paneer tikka masala and palak paneer was what I ordered and wow I couldn't get enough.
The man, the legend, the MasalaWala.I've never heard of The MasalaWala before, but a Gilt City deal led us to this tiny Indian LES restaurant. Within minutes of being seated, we had this older Indian gentleman come to our table side, make a few small jokes, and introduce himself as the MasalaWala, pointing to the silhouette on the front of the menu. Throughout the meal, he continually came by the table, just to check up and make us feel welcome. The food aside, that was more than enough reason for us to come back.Now on to the food. The deal was very comprehensive: 2 bottles of wine, 4 appetizers, 4 entrees, and 2 desserts. We opened with a bottle vinho verde and the table was littered with an assortment of small bites. My favorite was the Malai tiger shrimp, which were four HUGE pieces of charred tiger shrimp with a mint chutney dipping sauce. I had to use a fork and knife to get through the monster and it was the perfect starter. The kolkata gobi manchurian (cauliflower) was a crowd favorite, with multiple people commenting on its similarity to General Tso's chicken. The breading made the veggie eat like chicken, which was surprisingly refreshing. The lamb kati roll was tasty, and if you're a meat lover, this one came packed to the brim. Honestly I could probably make a meal of just the kati roll and a small side of rice. The final choice was the aloo papri chaat. I've had chaat at a few restaurants before and this one is definitely in the top three.We got a nice spread for entrees as well, splitting a lamb rogan josh, chicken and salmon tikka masala, and the tandoori salmon. A huge pro was the portions: the tandoori salmon literally came with over a pound of salmon. There were three fat fillets on the dish. The salmon tikka masala also had quite a few prices. Surprisingly, the two meats had the smallest portions, which is almost never the case. The actual flavors I thought were just alright, definitely tasty and with a home-cooked feeling, but the appetizers stole the show and it was hard to follow up from that. We paired our entrees with a bottle of sav blanc.For dessert, we split the cottage cheese dumpling and the mango ice cream. The dumpling wasn't everyone's cup of tea, as it had a spongy feel that was new to even me. The mango ice cream however hit the spot. It was basically chopped up, frozen mango lassi and the creaminess and sweetness cut through all the heaviness we had just consumed. I could eat so many portions of the fruity, frozen delight.All-in-all, the deal was a steal, given the amount of food we ordered, the quality of the goods, and the friendliness and attentiveness of the staff. Even without the deal, I now know of a great Indian stop outside of Curry Hill.
Best Indian food in the city. Everything is made fresh, great service and the food is to die for. Anyone who questions whether they like Indian food or not needs to experience this place before making a statement. 10 for 10
Had dinner with girlfriends on thursday. Our waiter was very patient and showed us pictures of the dishes we were interested in (on his iPad). Good place to catch up with friends. They let us linger and chat without pushing us out. Def get the larger beer ($9) vs the smaller one ($6), its a bargain. Everything we had was yummy and you can get the food mild, medium, or hot. Medium wasn't too spicy for me.Would come back with friends.
Indian food and Indian hospitality at its best. An example of passion and vision of a person materialized very well... food right from gobi manchurian to paneer  Tikka to ras malai  and mango kulfi is best and even better is the warmth and hospitality of the owner... definitely recommend this place
First and foremost, I will definitely be coming back. I really enjoyed my first experience eating Indian food and a big part is because of MasalaWala! We didn't have a reservation but the fellow was nice enough to offer us a table but we had it only until a certain time because duh, it was reserved for other people! For my sistas who hate to be seated only when your whole party is there, well this is the place for you. They seated me right away!Anyways, being the difficult customer that I am, we didn't think we could give up the table at that specific time so I asked that nice fellow again if they can put two table together without a reservation. He was so nice and offered to seat us on the side to avoid the hustle and bustle of the table in the middle of the restaurant! Talk about top quality customer service! I was already impressed and couldn't wait to enjoy what's coming next because it also smelled amazing in there. We started off with the samosa sampler and the favorite amongst our table was definitely the tiger shrimp. The sauce they use on them? Unbelievable. Now we know what to get a bunch of next time! Too bad we didn't have any rice in the beginning because it would've been ever better. I wanted the garlic naan as a started too but another fellow recommended to have it with our entrees. I was confused at first but when it was time for the main course, I understood why and appreciated his wisdom so very much. Dipping your naan in the curry is possibly the most amazing thing ever. I had a lamb something... Shame on me for forgetting! But it was great, so much flavor and the meat was so tender and not tough at all. We ended with a great dessert, mango and pistachio ice cream. It was so creamy and rich, definitely a good way to conclude a heavily spiced meal. The owner even shook our hands as we left! Talk about tending to your customers.
This place was amazing!  The restaurant was  a bit small. I think the biggest table seating I saw was 4, but I'm pretty sure they would just add on seats and extra table to fit a larger group. They have 1 bathroom which is tiny( didn't smell ;) ) and the servers there are nice! The food takes about 10-15 minutes to come out(Could've been shorter wait time but I wasn't sure since I was chatting with my friend) I had the lamb pasanda it was delicious, the creamy sauce went extremely well with the rice and naan. The butter naan was AMAZING!! It's a must!!  1 order comes with 4 pieces. If I wasn't watching my weight i would've ordered 3 more orders haha! Trust me it's goodThe last dish I had was the aloo gobi. It's the cauliflower dish with potatoes and spices. It was really good. I think we meant to order the Kolkata gobi manchurian dish, but it's okay cause this dish was pretty good too. Well I hope you guys enjoy!! I will definitely be coming back!
This place is so delicious! Indian food can be heavy or light, the food here is delicately balanced and you don't leave feeling burdened down! Just happily fulfilled. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Chana Bhature and as an appetizer tried the Dahi Puri! Everything was amazing! I also like the relaxing energy of this spot! You just feel really good when you come in.
Where do I start - everything about this place was so soul satisfying.1. Location:Located at Essex Street, this is not a usual spot as most Indian restaurants which makes it very unique from the kind of people you get to sit next to.2. Ambience:A small place, their decor is minimalistic with the right amounts of light hitting your eye. The canvas paintings on the wall tells you more about the culture from where their food comes from. Most importantly, very very clean!3. Food:Coming to the best part, we tried:    - Gobi Machurian (extra spicy) for appetizersPerfectly crispy and spiced up just like the way I wanted!    - Pani PuriPour the sweet  pani into puris stuffed with potato fillings; and enjoy the pleasure of Indian street food!   - Mango LassiIf you did not try this drink, you're missing out on some delicious treats of all time!   - Paneer Tikka MasalaThe last time I had such perfectly cooked gravy with tandoor-ed soft paneer was back in India 5 months ago.    - Garlic Naan vs Peshawari NaanBoth were so flavorful they put a good fight for us to choose from. Perfect consistency, soft and filling.4. Service:This was my favorite part! From the time we were seated till we got out, the service was excellent. The waiters were kind and patient till we figured out what to order. The owner was the super courteous checking in at every table to make sure the customers got what they wanted. He was kind enough to give us sweet treats at the end of the meal :)Price:Worth it for the all good stuff going in.TLDR:Great food, good price, excellent service. An amazing experience overall!
Amazing! Great service and delicious food. Best Indian food in the city. Staff is wonderful.Fried cauliflower appetizer is delicious
Food was great.. service was excellent... owner came out and spoke to us. He was very nice. I highly highly recommend this place. Thanks for the wonderful meal!!!
This restaurant was incredibly accommodating. We were seated right away at 10 pm on a Saturday in the lower east side. Mr. Masalawala himself immediately approached us with hugs and laughter, as well as his multiple incredibly attentive staff. I have a lame dairy allergy, but this restaurant made me feel the least awful about it in any non-vegan NY restaurant we've visited thus far (plenty!) The food had impeccable flavor, everything cooked to order and quickly with amazing spice and a perfect portion.Toward the end, after our check had been paid whilst finishing drinks, instead of being pushed out of the door we were given a free cup of the homemade no sugar added mango ice cream. Perfect, perfect, perfect.
Masalawala happens to be one of my favorite place... spice level same as Indian spice level... delicious food and courteous staff!
My sister, her boyfriend and I stumbled across this place while looking for a place before meeting some friends to go dancing. I used the check-in to get a free samosa for each of us..thanks Yelp! If you're not into having the owner (?) greet and talk to you, then this is not the place for you. He assured us it'll be a short wait as they prepare our table (it was only about 5 minutes) and came to update us as we waited outside since it was lightly drizzling. Service was quick and attentive and the food was delicious. I eat Indian food, but not as often as my sister and her boyfriend, and they definitely said it's some of the best they've had. The owner came to talk us about what we enjoyed and they shared that they've traveled to various parts of India together and how authentic the dishes taste. My sister and I are Filipino, but my sister's bf is ethnically ambiguous (German and Portuguese) and so he's used to being asked "What are you?" by others. When he answered, the owner replied, "No, tonight you're Indian!"  It was cute...we like interacting with restaurant owners and talking about the dishes, but I know that's not for everyone. We ordered the garlic naan, chicken tikka, mint paneer, and the lamb pasanda. Everything was really delicious, but I think the samosas could've had more cumin. But hey...they were free, so I'm not complaining. Only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the single person bathroom had a broken lock...yeah, I'm not a fan of holding the door shut with my short arms while trying to pee and panicking that someone's going to yank the door open from the other side. Hope they got it fixed!
We went here because of the glut of 5-star review on Yelp, and boy was it an awesome experience. The food is fresh and amazingly flavorful. The garlic naan is just right - fluffy, crispy for the perfect tandoor texture and the flavor is vibrant but not overpowering. The Gobi Manchurian and Pani Puri were standouts too. Everything was impeccable.The ambiance is great too. It's small but tastefully decorated, and exceptionally clean.On top of all this, the owner is amazingly courteous to his customers, making great conversation and even giving us some sweet treats at the end of the meal. This is easily the best Indian restaurant I've been to in NYC from a hospitality standpoint.Will definitely be back again - brilliant stuff!
Food quality, preparation and owner hospitality stand out. He's warm and makes it a point to go around and personally ask everyone on "How they're doing?"If you've a Gilt deal don't forget to pre-ask  and confirm what can be substituted and won't be charged extra.Food wise it's ok though the usual non-alcoholic drinks and deserts are not laden with sugar (that's the best part). Do try the home made ice creams.
Really nice guys there, very accommodating and found the space for us so we wouldn't have to stand in the way!Good is lovely and if it's a curry from the UK you're after - this is the one!!
Incredibly flavorful Indian food. The staff were very friendly and everything we had was just delicious. I highly recommend the tiger prawn app.
Went here based on the high ratings. Ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Daal Makhani with a friend. The Daal was bland and didn't have enough spices. The chicken tikka masala was mediocre. Service was excellent, and the management was extremely hospitable.
Based on great reviews we popped in for a late after show dinner around 11 pm.  This place was packed which is always a good sign! We were immediately seated by the kind owner. The service was impeccable, everyone was very attentive throughout our entire meal.The food was delicious and we wil most certainly be back!
I absolutely loved it! My friends and I split the chicken vindaloo, chicken shahi korma, tandoori chicken, and chicken dahiwala. All amazing! We also had the vegetable samosas and the fresh garlic naan. My favorite was by far the chicken vindaloo, which was the perfect amount of spicy. The ambiance is very comfortable, as long as you're not right by the entrance to the restroom. I would recommend this place for groups of friends and family-style gatherings. All in all, I will definitely be coming back!
Great Service and great food.  I am picky about Indian food and prefer authentic taste.  I was quiet impressed and was a great experience.  The owner was very friendly and understanding.  Would love to see some Bengali food added to the menu.
Food was fabulous.. Just like the way it is in INDIA... The owner is very polite and friendly.. Excellent service..Would surely visit again..
I Had Chicken Madras, garlic nan, and free Yelp check-in samosa.Chicken Madras is good, the meat is tender and juicy. Coconut milk and the mustard seed well balanced each other. Free Samosa is freshly fried. It's fulfilling, just right amount curry flavor. I love itGarlic Nan is a bit disappointed. It's thick like a bread, but I was expecting more thinner crust coated with lots of garlic and oil. Their service is great. If you ever get lost in the exotic fish names, ask for photo of the dishes. Our waiter is very kind to show us several times how the dish looks like. This is a big help while making decision to try something new. Otherwise I might go Chiken Tikka Marsala like everyone else. Overall I would recommend this place.
Good food and very friendly service. Tried the vegetarian platter, dal and channa bhatura.  Both spicy and non spicy options were good enough to warrant a repeat visit.  Avoid the Samosas though - a bit too oily for my taste..
UPDATE:Since my last review, I was contacted by MasalaWala management and invited to come back. They've really redeemed themselves! The owner, who no longer comes in the manage the operation very frequently, made sure to be there for my meal and was extremely gracious throughout. The interaction with his son to set up the dinner was also very professional and courteous. I appreciate how willing they are to admit a mistake has been made and they've done everything they could to rectify the situation in an timely manner. They apologized profusely.Also, I was able to try two desserts this time around and LOVED both. Definitely get the mango kulfi and rasmalai! The rasmalai in particular was unlike any other I've tried. Subtle, fragrant, fluffy, aromatic and lightly sweet (I hate syrupy, cloying rasmalai and almost never order it). The kulfi was so creamy and also not overly sweet! Even if you're stuffed, as we were, you should try one.
Terrible service... 1 Hour waiting but not allow to entry.Even though the food is good probably, the owner is too disgusting to eat. Never go again
It was good, but not the best Indian food I've had. Got the chicken paneer, which had less cream than I'm used to, which was good, and the garlic naan which was very good. I think the problem I had was with that everything arrived sort of lukewarm and by the time I was finishing was pretty cold.
This tiny restaurant puts out food with big taste.  Everything we had was wonderful, including the garlic naan.  The only disappointment was the mango lassi which was not made with fresh mango.  The rest of the meal was very good and I definitely want to go back.  The sampler was good, but I really appreciated the chaat (Chor Bazaari Dahi Puri) which I had never had before. The Vegetable Jalfrezi and the Paneer Tikka Masala were both delicious. We ordered medium heat, but for us it was only mildly spicy hot.  Service was excellent. They gave us time to chat a few minutes before ordering and then we were served quickly and our water glasses were always full.  If you come at peak times, I suggest reserving a table as they only had maybe 10 tables or less.  The decor is elegant and the music muted so you can carry on a quiet conversation.  It's a wonderful place for a date or meeting with friends.
Finally found the place which servers the fresh chat ever in city. The perfect blend of freshness and crispy delicious items here. The free samosas on check in was icing on the cake. The service is amazing and folks are friendly. A good quite hidden gem to enjoy Indian food!! I'm definitely going there..
I am willing to give it another try as the restaurant management cordially invited to provide another chance! And, that is very important for any business to please the customers as long as it is possible! It is the only dissatisfied belief in Yelp reviews! The place was not what it said would be--we were completely ignored! We still gave it a chance while saying that it might get better. No! We were made to wait for 20 minutes even though there were no customers. Then, when we had a chance to be served, we were not greeted or provided with any welcoming hospitality. We had to wait a long time to get over salted food. It was terrible!
We got:Chicken Chettinad Curry: The chicken was really tender and juicy, especially compared to other Indian curries I have had. We chose a medium spice level, which actually felt more like a mild to me (I've been eating spicy stuff since I was two though). The taste of the curry itself was different from what I usually order--it was very slightly sweet, which I liked. Vegetable Biryani: The rice was very flavorful and the portion was pretty big. We didn't realize the yogurt was supposed to be eaten with this until the owner told us. The yogurt made it even better though! Very refreshing.Chili Cheese Naan: I liked dipping this in the curry--the combo of cheese with curry was pretty good!
Gem of NYC! Great good and amazing service. Place is small and you might have to wait but it is worth it!
When I first made the reservation via opentable, the only time slots available were before 5PM or after 9PM, neither of which worked for us. I ended up booking the 9PM and calling the restaurant to see if they could move us up to 8PM. Thankfully, they were very accommodating. I arrived for our reservation early and they were already all set up for us and had been holding our table.I am not surprised to see the 4.5 stars and 800+ reviews, because the food and service here are quite excellent. However, I was surprised to find how small the restaurant was! Max capacity in the dining area is 30 or less, and at full capacity the place is really quite cramped. However, the small venue does provide for a cozy atmosphere. For our party of four, we ordered a bottle of Pinot Grigio, the Palak Paneer, the Akbari Vegetable Biryani, the Baghara Baingan entree, the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian appetizer, and garlic naan. For most of our entrees, we were given the option to choose the spiciness. You really can't go wrong with the less spicy options...we ordered everything mild/medium dishes and they were PLENTY spicy enough! Even the spice lovers at our table were..affected. However, everything was delicious and we cleaned the table more quickly than we've ever done before - and trust me, we've had plenty of meals together. Also, all the entrees come with rice - which if we had known, would have prompted us to skip the biryani (Indian fried rice). I thought the garlic naan was good (sooo fluffy!!) but a bit overhyped. I personally would not order it again if I return.There was a little snafu at the end of the night with our bill where another table's chai got added to our bill. They were very gracious about it and quick to void the incorrect bill for us. The owner was also profusely appologetic, which we appreciated.
A bit cramped in the seating area.The food though, wow.  Best Indian I've had in ages.  I'd never had bhel puri before.  I am now a fan.
Went here on a Friday night early and was able to get a table without reservations. Place is small but comfortable enough. Was very excited to try the place as I love Indian food and this place gets a very high 4.5 stars across many reviews. Service was very attentive, excellent even. I give big credit for that. As for food I started with Samosa Chaat. It was good but not spectacular. Some nice flavors but I was not blown away. Was expecting the star to be the Chicken Dahiwala which is a ginger yogurt dish. It came with a nice bowl of rice. But it was ok, not fantastic. Perhaps even a touch bland. I asked for medium spicy perhaps they took it too easy. I ordered garlic naan which came out piping hot. However it was very thick and doughy and frankly I didn't see any garlic on it. So a solid meal if not the best, I would go back and try again. Perhaps the vindaloos or tikka masalas would be better.
THIS PLACE HAS HANDS DOWN THE MOST EPIC SERVICE EVER. OWNER GOES ABOVE  BEYOND TO GIVE YOU THE BEST EXPERIENCE. Here's why:My boyfriend and I came here to get our Indian curry fix. He's been wanting to come here for a long, long time. (TIP: Check in to yelp and you get a FREE order of samosas!!! Yum!) We ordered the Dal Tadka and the Chicken Chettinad Curry - hot. We wanted Indian hot, but the waiter was insistent that we would not be able to handle. Okay, so whatever, we get the 'hot' level of spicy for both. Our order comes and OH MY GOD. Both tasted AMAZING, but we took 1 minute + 1 cup of water per bite. We literally could not handle. This shit is spicy as fuck. At this point, we thought about how much we fucked ourselves over (lul). The owner comes over after noticing my boyfriend's super sweaty face and asks us what are we doing to ourselves (lulx2). He remakes our orders with mild spicy and THAT WAS PERFECT FOR US. Oh how my ego is now shot, but I am so thankful for him remaking the dishes for us. Otherwise, we would not have had finished our dishes. We loved both dishes~!!! 10/10 would go back every time I'm in New York. Best place in the city to get your curry fix!!!THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE!!!
This is THE place when you want not so spicy, but still taste like Indian food. Most of the places I tried in US, give you one (non-spicy) or the other (Indian)We tried variety of things here, and we loved Ras Malai (best I had in US), samosa chaat, Dahi Puri and Kashmiri chicken the most. In that orderChettinad chicken was good with soft chicken and spicy gravyBiryani was OK. May be 3.5 stars (I'm a Hyderabadi and I'm very critical about my biryani :) especially if it's Nawabi ;) )This place definitely lives up to the expectation of a 4.5 star Indian restaurant. Definitely recommend this
What-wala-baby! That's what comes to mind whenever anyone mentions this restaurant.In all seriousness, this place has sweet owners, but the food isn't super remarkable. Menu options are mostly standard pan-Indian fare catering to Western palates. Standout items were the Pani Puri and Ras Malai.
Absolutely wonderful; The MasalaWala is of the best Indian places I've tried in the city, especially on the Lower East Side. The food is fresh, perfectly spiced and seasoned, and truly scrumptious. It's a bit expensive, just by 2-3 dollars for each entree. I still love it, though. Highly, highly recommended. A+!!!
Ok Indian food, but service was not that great, took us multiple times asking for water before he showed up with some and it wasn't the restaurant's peak hours. Service could've been much better which we reflected in the tip. The naan there was great, small cozy restaurant though, you wouldn't be able to dine there with more than a group of eight people. I've had better Indian cuisine with better service as well, decor was okay with a homey feel
We left 20minutes ago and already can't wait to go back!! Good ambience, excellent service and best food. Everything fresh and taste like home style cooking. This was our first time but... definitely not the last!! For me and my lovely wife, the best Indian food in the city!! We are spoiled foodies, so we don't give out recommendations lightly!!
Tasty, but not large portions.It's a pretty small space, as well, so I'd recommend getting a reservation. We were waiting for a table for at least half an hour around 9 pm. It happened to be an especially cold fall night, but they would not let us stand inside, and there was no good place to wait that was sheltered from the wind. They originally told us it would be 10 minutes, so we went to the grocery store across the street to wait, but when we came back we wound up waiting outside in the cold for at least another 10 minutes before they finally let us stand inside.
I liked the place. I went a couple of weeks ago, it was nice having their walls open.  If some random guy comes to your table to chit chat, it's the owner. Not sure? Compare his face to the logo on the card and menu. Overall I had a great time here, the food was really good. I would come back.
It is rare to go into a restaurant and feel at home. This is one of those restaurants. The staff is friendly and accommodating. The owner is a pleasure. Highly recommended! Mango lassi is excellent.  The shrimp curry in coconut milk sauce is amazing. Loved it all
"It's not 5 stars" proclaimed my brother as we were about to leave, and I had to agree. Despite their best attempts, and excellent service (complimentary desert!), Masalawala's good but not excellent food means it earns a respectable 4 stars. And there's nothing wrong with 4 stars... Solid food and great service are a recipe for success, but you need a little extra to make it to the top rung in a city like this. The appetizers tasted fresh and had great flavor, but the chaat lacked enough spice to really shine. The gobi manchurian was both crispy and succulent at the same time. The entrees were well prepared and brought forth unique flavors. The paneer tikka masala was appropriately tangy but a little sweet; the rogan josh had nearly the right amount of punch, and the shahi korma came with nicely sized morsels of brown chicken (just the way I like it). The naans were just a little too fat, but otherwise perfectly acceptable. Finally, I have to reinforce that the service here is truly excellent. Beverages and drinks arrived without significant delays. Mr. Masala Wala stopped by to chat on numerous occasions, and we were served a free mango kulfi even after we had settled the bill. The only weak link was when the waiter cleared our plates after appetizers but left us clutching our used cutlery until the next round of plates arrived a minute later (is it really that hard to wash 3 forks and 3 knives?). Don't quibble about that missing fifth star. If you go here you will have a good meal and leave satisfied.
This place had a BlackBoard Eats deal back in 2013 and then again a few weeks before my visit, so I'm surprised it's still around even given the rave reviews here. Placed a pickup order with an Eat24 + PayPal offer for 2 items:Specialty Fresh Garlic Naan Bread $4.00 (garlic overtook any naan flavor whatsoever)Chowringhee Pani Puri (Vegan) -How Spicy?: Hot (really tasty) $6.00Hadn't purchased an entree so saved the Yelp offer for another time, maybe for the gobi manchurian per GrubStreet.
Food was incredibly delicious. The staff was phenomenal - especially the owner. We'll be back.
I give this place 6 stars if it were available! Came here last night with my friends and coworkers to celebrate my belated birthday - total of 6 people. I love Indian music as much as I love Indian food. The waiter was very accommodating with my song request "Jumme Ki Raat" as well as providing me with song names of other songs I wasn't familiar with. The host, who I believe is the owner, stopped by our table during our meal and introduced himself "I am the Masala Wala". He was such a great guy!We ordered 6 entrees and 6 fresh garlic naan. Entrees were:Lamb Kadai, Lamb Pasanda, Lamb Jalfrezi, Lamb Shahi Korma, Lamb Vindaloo, and a chicken entree, I forgot the name. All the entrees came with basmati rice. We ordered too much garlic naan but we managed to finish them.And three to-share plates:- Chowringhee Pani Puri: simple and tasty with chickpeas- Chandni Chowk Dahi Puri: much like Chowringhee Pani Puri but with more heat and with potato bits stuffing- Aloo Papri Chaat - my favorite of the dishes we orderedI would recommend this restaurant to anyone and I will definitely come back for more. It would be nice if I could grab brunch here after my Masala Bhangra workout someday.
I was pretty excited to try this place, and finally did tonight via take out. I walk by all the time  the space looks lovely! But this review is strictly for the take out. I heard great things about this place and was super excited to see they served pani puri. I ordered that, some naan and palak paneer. It was just enough for 2 people without leftovers. They only give you one piece of naan per order. The pieces are large, but you would need to order 1 per person. The pani puri was OK, but not great. Of course it won't be like India, but they do it better in Toronto, CA. I'm still looking for something comparable in NYC, but haven't found it yet! The palak paneer was pretty blah. It didn't come with much paneer (grrrr) and the palak was generally quite bland. I know it's not a spicy-hot dish, but it usually has much more flavor! I'm sure I will try them again sometime when I'm in the area. They have great lunch prices  I'll try something different. So for take out, this one time...it was totally average in terms of taste. But, it wasn't awful and they were fast with the delivery.
The food was excellent and the service was very good. Our waiter offered great suggestions for apps and stopped by our table many times to make sure we were alright. The owner is very friendly and made sure everyone in the restaurant was having a good time and enjoyed their food. The place is small and focused on making sure each guest is satisfied. I will definitely be going back!
Wow, this place is incredible. The best Indian food Ice ever tasted. The tiger shrimp are phenomenal, the food is tastes so clean and delicious. They don't use a lot of oil so it's like a home cooked meal. The naan is amazing, the service was perfect. The lamb, delicious (according to my fiancé) the palak paneer was superb. Reasonably priced wine list as well. You have to try it!! You can thank me later.
Why this place has a good rating is absolutely beyond me. Ordered delivery the food got there quickly but it was freezing cold. Almost seemed like they just gave me someone's old food. Nan was dry. There are a million better Indian places in the city I hope I can save someone else from wasting their money here.
The food was absolutely delicious! Service was also phenomenal. We walked in and didn't have a reservation but they still managed to seat us and provided exceptional service. We also got a free samosa just for checking in on Yelp so make sure you do that! I recommend their chicken tikka masala and chicken Korma!
AMAZING EXPERIENCE! Met the man himself and he was so welcoming! Food was phenomenal!  I will definitely go back. The place just put me in an all around great mood.
Excellent service! Very friendly and fast! Good food, great appetizers! Amazing owner and very personally caring! Thank you!!
524 reviews ! Are u kidding me?! I hated this place. I had been starving myself since a week so that i can stuff myself with desi food in New york and this is the first desi place i come across.chana chaat had 90 percent papri and 10 percent of something something.lamb biryani was blahhhh !!! I can make better biryani with my eyes closed.Dont bother.
Held my birthday party last night here and could not be happier! First off, the reservation process was seamless. The restaurant was able to accommodate my party of 15 without any problems. I called a few day before the party, made the reservation and it was confirmed the day of the party. The interior of the restaurant is a bit small but spacious enough to fit around 30 diners? The restaurant is adorned with beautiful South asian trinkets-overall a very lovely ambiance for a date/party.The food was spectacular!! Curries are flavorful and come in large portions with complimentary rice. Check in via. Yelp for a free samosa! They also ended the meal with a free desert for my birthday, which was very thoughtful of them. Prices are very reasonable.Towards the end of the meal, Masawala himself even came over to greet us and tell us how lovely we were as patrons!Overall, very satisfied with my experience here and will be back to try other dishes!
Delicious!!!  I've been to a lot of Indian restaurants in the US and India.  This is my favorite I've tried in New York.  Highly recommend!
The place was fairly empty when we arrived at 7:30pm, which is not always a good sign, but continued to fill up. The decor is simple and unobtrusive. The food was not your usual Indian fare, though some of the menu items were standards - chicken tikka masala, samosas. The flavorings were much more inventive - "ginger cream" "chili soy fusion" - and the palak paneer we had was superb. The coconut, coriander, peanut, cumin, mint, all the flavorings were blended in unique ways and were surprisingly great. But why did I give it a 3? They watered down the wine! Very strange. Not sure if it was just for us, or just for the lighter wines, but that wine was half water. So just be careful and have them pour it at the table.
This is my new favorite Indian food spot. The chicken masala was cooked just right. Naan was light and fluffy. Samosa was deep fried so, delicious. And lastly the rasmalai dessert was the perfect amount of sweet. Also, the service here is awesome. Waiters are friendly. The owner of the restaurant was super friendly to everyone from his customers to his staff. Worth checking out!
The restaurant owner is the the best. The staff is great and the food is unbelievable. You can get any spice level, including super fucking spicy. Seriously, don't get the highest spice level unless you know you can handle it (level 10 is the hottest thing I've ever had). The soup was standout, and their naan was crispy and hot and amazing. Adorable date spot. It's our favorite dinner spot
Came here for dinner with my family and was impressed with the food.  We started with the special cauliflower appetizer which tasted a bit like general tso chicken but the cauliflower was nice and not overpowering. For my entree I had to go with my favorite: chicken tikka masala.  The rice portion was good and the dish came with a good amount of sauce and chicken.  My family tried some fish and shrimp dishes which were very good. For dessert we had the Kulfi which was not very sweet but had an interesting almost coconut flavor. Overall this place had some solid dishes and very good prices.  My one con was the bathroom was dirty and that usually grosses me out a bit but servers were gracious and helpful and the food was very good so I think I will be back.
Excellent excellent authentic Indian food! Great service and the owner is a really nice guy. He is the MasalaWala! I'll definitely return.
Note: Review is based on several delivery ordersThe food is great. I love their Nawabi Chicken Biryani but I feel the portion is kinda small. There are several chicken pieces and hence I don't get much rice. Also if you are getting your food delivered, it can be a hit or a miss depending on who delivers. I had several of them who would ring my bell, buzz them in, and they would walk up or I would meet them on the staircase. BUT, there is this one guy who calls and says he is outside. I would buzz and he just stands by the door. I have to go downstairs and actually open the front door. Seems ridiculous for him to just stand by the door and not even walk in when I buzz the door.
Decent lunch. They have lunch specials too. I will say though that this is not the most authentic Indian food for what is available in the East Village but for the usual North Indian fare it'll do the job.
I use to be a pretty loyal customer to this place but not anymore. Experienced a very rude conversation while ordering over the phone - mind you i order the same items and same dishes everytime usually they are very accommodating but the last time I called they were not and in fact they were very rude and nasty and said I could no longer order the same dish I always order. It was so bizarre and the fact that they had to speak to me so rudely after I did order $50 worth of food weekly from them just overall made me decide I no longer will be supporting this establishment.
Came here for my birthday and had a wonderful experience. This restaurant is my new favorite. The food was by far the best, most authentic Indian food I have had in NYC.The owner was wonderful- as others have mentioned, he stopped by and introduced himself. We discussed my having lived in Calcutta when I was a child, and, upon hearing this and the fact that it was my birthday, he very kindly gave us a couple of appetizers to taste and a free dessert.Can't wait to go back. Highly recommend this restaurant.
I was told to check out the Indian food in NYC but this place blew me away. Great intimate space, relatively quick service, and the food.....AH-Mazing. The Chana Tikka Masala is a must try, the Masala Chai great end to dinner, and the Mango ice cream that they make in house is so refreshing and great palate cleanser at the end of the night. I could barely walk out of the restaurant I was so full. Super nice service as well, though I didn't speak with the Owner he was very present and walked around greeting customers.
Great little place, delicious food, and a charming owner.  Will definitely be coming back for more.  Cheers!
place was small and cramped but very worth it. food was incredible- not a huge fan of Indian but this place made me reconsider. honored their free check in samosa (which was delicious) and wasn't given a grimy look or attitude. +1 in my book great ambiance, dimly lit, great decor, uber romantic if only there weren't a thousand waiters looking over your shoulder overall, would recommend but suggest you come early for dinner or make a reservation
Delicious fresh food! Fantastic service; even the owner comes by to make sure we are happy! Also FYI free delivery!Apps ordered:Bhel puri- amazingDahi puri- also greatEntrees ordered:Garlic naan - on pointPaneer tikka masala - deliciousTandoori chickenChanna masala
This is truly a nice little gem. The staff is friendly (although, you can tell the waiter is still learning the ropes) and very attentive. Went with a group of friends for dinner on a Thursday night and was promptly seated.Ordered a side of the regular naan and the garlic naan. WoW, that stuff is good... dangerously good! For the entree I didn't get too adventurous and had the chicken tikka masala. After the first bite I though "... so that's what tikka masala is supposed to taste like!"Drink: I had the mango lassi (sort of a smoothy/milkshake). That was very good as well.All the food taste/looks very fresh. You can really tell that they make everything fresh!I would recommend this to anyone looking for really good Indian food in a nice place. Next time I'm going to try to kati rolls, those look yummy as well.
I promised the owner that I would write a review, so here it goes!I made a reservation for a party of 3 at 6:30pm on a Friday but my friend was running late. Fortunately, the waiters here are extremely patient and sat us down first. It was my first time having Indian food and definitely not my last after trying this place! The waiter recommended the "Kolkata Gobi Manchurian Street-Side Bite" for appetizer. It was delicious and definitely a nice twist to cauliflowers. For entree, we got the Badshahi Lamb and Chicken Tikka Masala. The portions looked small when the waiter served it but I assure you that it was very filling - we didn't finish one of the dish!As for the service, it was GREAT. The staff was friendly and the owner kept coming to our table and making sure the food was okay and that the water was always filled up. I would definitely come back soon to try more new dishes!
It is very rare that you get amazing food, value, service, and true hospitality - all this from a single restaurant in Manhattan. This place is truly a must visit if you're looking for a really good Indian restaurant in NYC, or if you're looking for a place to eat in the area.  I went here for a friend's birthday and the owners were very thoughtful and more than accommodating for such a large group.  First off, I was really impressed with the diversity of the menu options and that they didn't have a typical menu like any other Indian restaurant in NYC.  We ordered a lot of appetizers to try, and all of them were really tasty.  My favorite appetizer was the fish amritsari (batter fried fish), and all the other appetizers we ordered were also good - garlic naan (oh so delicate yet full of flavor), dahi puri, kati rolls, veggie samosas.  For entrees, I had the chicken tikka masala and tried the prawn tandoori kabab.  You can really taste the fresh ingredients and you'll be surprised how different it tastes like (i.e. oh so that's how real chicken tikka masala should taste like?).  They offer a lot of drink options, including Indian and Sri Lankan beer (really good!), wine, and if you're not feeling the alcohol, then go for the classic mango lassi.  Lastly, don't (i repeat, do not) leave this place without trying their chai!  They offer three types of chai, and indeed I will need to come back to try the others.  The masala chai is oh so comforting, with its flavor and the aroma of the spices, and is such a perfect treat especially on a cold day or night.The MasalaWala is truly a must visit.  I can't wait to come back and will certainly make a trip from Brooklyn.
Came here on a random Saturday due to random craving. This indian restaurant is not the usual Indian style buffets that people have gotten use to eating. The food was pretty good and the portion size was perfect. We got in just in time for the lunch special which feature favorite dishes at a discounted price and in a smaller portion. The lunch special portion is equivalent to the size of the bowl that they serve a bowl of soup in. We got the kolkata gobi manchurian which essentially reminded me of general tso's chicken but with the chicken replaced with cauliflower. Delicious!Ordered two curries: The chicken vindaloo and chickpea curry. Both curries were delicious especially the chicken vindaloo. High recommend as it was spicy and the chicken was moist and flavorful. We also ordered garlic naan which one of my friends kept raving about. The naan was crispy, fluffy with a perfect amount of garlic flavor...not too overwhelming like how it may come out at other places. Definitely check in for the free samosas!!!One star off due the waiter. He honestly could not understand what we were saying and did not know how to answer our questions about the menu correctly.
Had the palak paneer, chicken vindaloo, and the aloo gobi. The paneer and chicken were great. We didn't have a reservation, but the waiter found us a spot and speed fed us before those who reserved the place came. The ambiance was great, and servers friendly.
I finally got a chance to return to MasalaWala, and the experience was even better. The owner came out to greet us and asked us why we were standing outside while waiting for a table. Since the venue is smaller, we didn't want to stand inside and take up space. But he welcomed us in, and shortly after we were seated.This time, I tried the Salmon Tikka Masala. It is not only the best salmon I have had in all of New York, but it is also the best Indian dish I have ever had. Indian is my favorite, so that says a lot! I currently have family visiting from Norway, and I brought them here that night. They completely agreed. We all are suckers for Indian, and they have never had better Indian than at MasalaWala. If this place only was offered in Norway!The service, again, was excellent. I am so happy I discovered this place, and will continue to come back! If money wasn't a problem (I am a student, we all know how rough it can be) I would come here all the time!
Came for the funny name; stayed for the awesome food/service."I am THE MasalaWala." is how our night began. Upon entering, we were greeted by a very welcoming owner. He was a super nice guy who made sure we were comfortable and had a great meal.The chicken saagwala was delicious. The spinach was not too spicy, had an awesome texture, and all my friends wanted to try it cuz it was super green. Could've used more basmati, but we eventually ordered some garlic naan. Dipping it into the saagwala was one of the best ideas I've ever had.Service was quick and very friendly. I also tried some of my friends' tikka masala and spicy vegetable korma, both of which I would order without hesitation in the future.The place is also inexpensive and the atmosphere is great for small groups (we were 5). When we left, The MasalaWala gave me a handshake and a hug. What a nice guy.The one star off is because:-the bathroom ran out of paper towels and the door lock was finicky and didn't seem to work. But the owner went in there himself to show us that we were just doing it wrong. It was actually hilarious.-I showed the waiter my Yelp check-in deal for a free order of samosas. He looked like he had no idea they were running the promotion but said he'd take care of it. We never actually got it, but the rest of our food arrived so quickly and was so delicious that I didn't mind.
Great great great Indian food! I've been here a handful of times and the service was always impeccable. They love their customers and they make sure we're comfortable and happy. Everything we ordered on the menu is delicious! Will definitely come back again and again!
Talk about underwhelming... Just about passable fare. Food was very 'predictable' and average. Service was OK, waiter was courteous, but took a shockingly long time for the lunch specials to arrive. The mango lassi tasted just about alright and the breaded zucchini fries were inedible. I'm surprised to see such great reviews for this place. It's New York City people! Surely you've had better (Indian) food?!!
One of the best Desi restaurants in the city. Don't miss the gobi manchurian or the lamb pasanda. The owner is also a sweetheart and makes you feel so welcome.
Our waiter was attentive and our glasses were always filled. I especially enjoyed the food. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, samosa, vindaloo curry, and the lamb biryani. Everything tasted great and the chicken wasn't dry at all. I would definitely come back.
We have eaten at many Indian restaurants in various U.S. cities over the years. Without a doubt MasalaWala is the best. We walked in about 3 P.M. The waiter was helpful in both suggestions and service. While I honestly cannot remember what we had, all of it was excellent including the bread. The prices were reasonable, too. As a suggestion he recommended buying one large Kingfisher Beer instead of two small ones to save money and not waste money on a second small one. The place is very busy at night. There was a continuous ringing of the phone making reservations and people walking in. So, the place must be good. All I can say is that we were appreciative of the staff's effort to make us feel welcomed and satisfied.
We visited the restaurant on my birthday and received a warm welcome. The owner came personally and helped us to choose best a la carte. We loved the warm welcome; the ambience was good and not to forget the nicest gesture from the restaurant owner. I strongly suggest this restaurant as the food was very very testy ... we loved Kebab platter, Chicken Biriyani but the most amazing was "Tiger Shrimp Malabar". I traveled around the world and nowhere found such tasty shrimp. Everyone must try "Tiger Shrimp Malabar". Not just the taste, also the quantity was more than other restaurants usually offer. He surprised us at the end by serving a birthday decorated desert for no charge ! The owner was moving from table to table and he was greeting people with a nice warm-smile and suggesting his best items, which I felt a nice gesture. I feel this is the place where you can find the best Indian food in town. I apologize to owner for dawdling and not giving the review on time.
Got a Lovely and warm welcome by New York City...  loved the garlic naan! Very fluffy and soft ! Yummy curies.... Ordered shahi paneer and malai kofta with garlic naan n pista kulfi for dessert... Kulfi had a very nice creamy texture Will go here again for sure on my next visit to NY
We were looking for a good Indian restaurant without any real leads and found Masalawala on Yelp. The owner greeted us at our table and was a tentative and generous host who waited on us personally half the time. Everything we are was delicious, although the vindaloo could have been a little bit spicier... Still very tasty though. The decor, service, and food all felt intimate and made with care. Will definitely stop in again.
Man, do I love this one.  First, the owner, who refers to himself as "The Masalawa," is a real treat.  He's sweet, friendly, remembers not just that you've eaten at his place before but at what table specifically you had your meal, and once he even offered my girlfriend and me a bottle of wine for half off for no particular reason.  Every time we come he hugs us.  He is a just a joy.There's a lot of mediocre Indian food in the world, but the food here is top-notch.  The eggplant with peanut sauce, which I believe is called something like "bhaingan bharta," drives me crazy.  The chicken jalfrezi is also really good.  For dessert, we like the mango ice cream.One last thing to compliment: the atmosphere.  This is a legitimate date spot with a well-done brick interior.  It's cozy and cute.All in all, one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood, and definitely my go-to when I'm hunkering for Indian food but want to sit down and really savor the experience.  (For takeout, you've got Punjabi Deli across the street.)  Come here and just start trying stuff.  You'll be back.
This is definitely the best Indian restaurant in the City, just like everyone else has said. And for the few that have given bad reviews, I'm baffled. The food, service, and ambience all get 5 stars. The waiters and owner are so friendly and very service-oriented. Make sure to make a reservation, as there are only around 12 tables. We ordered the garlic naan, peshwari naan, lentil soup, lamb vindaloo, chicken curry madras, and some other lamb dish that had cashews (forget the name), and an amazing dessert of Indian mango ice cream. Everything was incredible. GO HERE!
absolutely delightful! Some of the best indian food I've ever had. Small place but very accommodating. They even gave me a free dessert! Would go again without a doubt.
I found this place from a standard Yelp search for great Indian food places around the Sunshine Cinema, and it was just as great as all of the other reviews claim it to be! We ate around 6pm so there was no wait. The servers were very nice and the manager came by multiple times to make sure we were enjoying the food. The food was fantastic! Great atmosphere, great service, and great food - can't go wrong with this place! This will definitely be my go-to place for dinner and a movie.
I would never ever EVER go back here again. I'm not even sure how this place got good reviews accept for maybe the fact that NYU kids come here  tourists who don't have a clue what Indian food is supposed to taste like. The food is not terrible, it's just very bland in terms of flavor. So 2 stars for food and if I could give a negative star for customer service I would. Most Indian restaurants you walk in and they are quite happy to serve you. This place the staff is talking to each other in loud obnoxious voices in Indian language. If a customer is paying to sit and eat there, do your job and shut up for Christ sake. I'm not paying to eat in a yellow cab. Seriously.
We ordered via uber eats , palak paneer , garlic naan and the yogurt chicken . Everything was yummm . Special mention of the paneer which was soft n fresh n the palak was well cooked . Had good Indian food after a long time .
* Surroundings-  4/10* Décor - 6/10* Menu - 5/10 (the format of the menu was creative)*  Service -  (NEGATIVE 20) - 20/10 The workers are horrible!!!!!!! They all act like they are little dogs (sorry dogs are better) let me correct myself rats... gathered together talking. From the moment a customer walks in no one wants to attend to the table. They mimic the non-Indian guest repeating their order to their coworkers. It was an embarrassment to seat so close to their work station because you can hear all the nasty things they say about their customers. (Had a Indian friend with us) As a female I was horrified to even eat. Felt like I was in the dirtiest part of India on a street surrounded by taxi drivers that have no manners. All just staring at the young ladies and acting as if they are just hanging out. They did not smile to the customers or help us select any items no recommendations or even just a Thank you. Seriously are you not there to work. I love how the owner is giving away his money to his unsuitable workers. Really not a good place to go to if you're not Indian. I would never recommend this place to anyone. Could not finish my meal. MONEY GONE TO WASTE. NEVER AGAIN* Food- 4/10 All the sauces tasted the same just the color were different. The food tasted blend. Needed more salt but the naan was good. There are far better places to go to for a good meal with real customer service. .
Um, wow. Indian food for me is one of those things where I am almost always disappointed. There is just so much mediocre stuff out there and nobody seems to fully get it right. That said, Yelp came through on this one. I've been to dozens of Indian places in the city, fancy places, holes in the wall, buffets--you name it.  This place is the real deal. Every single item is fantastic and spicy as hell (if you want it that way). The Garlic Naan is the best I've ever had in 25 years of eating it regularly. The place itself is pretty small, probably only seats like 25 people, so plan accordingly. Give it a shot. You won't regret it.
Best Indian food I've ate so far. Service was great and the boss gave us free dessert and spinach dish!
I went here with my parents for dinner.  We all loved it.  Everything we had was wonderful, some of the best Indian food I have had in the United States.  Next time I am in NYC I will definitely visit again.  A special thanks to the owner who made us feel completely welcome.
This review was long over due. Me and my husband had dinner here on March 10th. The food was amazing, we ordered vegetable biriyani, chilly chicken dry, and chaat. Food was full of flavor and sufficient portion. As mentioned by other reviewers, the owner himself is always present, moves around the tables and tries to make conversation with all guests. He was really warm, and even offered us desert on the house. Overall we had a great dinner and lovely time. What more can you ask for. Just that this place is a little out of my regular route, or I would have been back already. But I will make sure to be there again.
Great flavors and the owner is fun and really cares about his diners experience. He came over and gave us delicious mango ice cream on the house just because! We really enjoyed the chili cheese naan and the chicken tikka but everything we ordered was beyond reproach. Plus i will add that we originally we were going to eat at a nearby greek place but they didnt let us sit even though the restaurant was empty because they had pending reservations... While at masala they let us sit at a reserved table and just did their best to accommodate the guests as they came. Overall, really nice experience!
ROACHESwe saw roaches crawling on the wall. We completely lost our appetite. We pointed out where roaches were and waiters were trying to catch them in front of us. what really pissed us off was that we don't recall they ever apologize for it.
I think the gigantic banner out front is perhaps a bit misleading. It says something about it being authentic Indian street food; it may be that but it sets you up for something different than what it is. What it is, either in restaurant or by delivery, is solid and very good Indian food...one of my favorite Indian places city wide. I might like some curry hill spots a bit better, but this is literally around the corner from me and is my favorite in the area. I used to love Mitali East but it has sadly closed as has much of that Indian section of the EV.The restaurant side is really small and super cozy. My wife and I tried to eat there but was an hour wait. The Masala Wala himself was super nice and greeting people himself. A definitely great spot.
Love this spot. The food is very flavorful but has I lightness. The mattar paneer is delicious. There is a cozy family vibe and the service is great, very attentive. I had to exchange my salad because I can't have raw onions and they were totally easygoing about it. Cool that it's open til 12 too!
We had an awesome experience here! Made a reservation for 7 people and they allowed us to add one person day of. We got to the area earlier than expected and called to see if we could come in an hour early and they were ok with it. Upon arrival within 15 minutes of calling they had our table ready. The staff was absolutely AMAZING! Hands down the best service we had during our 4 day trip. We ordered the wala Veg sampler, gobi manchurian, and papri chaat...all tasted great! For dinner we got 2 paneer tikka masalas (one spicy and one mild) and a dhal makhani and garlic naan...again all tasted great. We ordered a ras malai for dessert and they gave us a wala Kulfi on the house. All around amazing food and service! Definitely a great experience and would recommend to anyone.
Came here the place was open, I asked the waiter  he said yes, but they were doing some light carpentry in the place  there was fumes. The waiter didn't want to serve me, we event back and forth for like 20 min..finally he say me outside. First, he brings me water with no ice, I ordered soda (Limca) that everyone's raving about also no ice , I ordered their "lunch special"  the pan puri appetizer in place of the salad  soup. The food was disgusting. The rice was dry  cold, the lamb was tender but it was not fresh  also cold. How did I know the food was not fresh  just reheated? Because the Potatoes had that sour left out too long taste  the rice was hard as if it got a good 30 sec in the microwave. I was really hungry  regret haggling with the waiter to just serve me outside. This just added to an extremely disappointing experience. How this place got all these stars if a mystery, how they stay in business is even more of a mystery. With a waiter who turns away business  food that is borderline inedible.All I can say is wow, what a disappointment.
The best local indian food in the LES!Pros: everything! I'm a big fan of the Chana masala, I usually get that. Really fast delivery if you do by seamless. Highly recommend it!!Cons: nothing!
probably my newest FAVORITE indian restaurant in the city!go for the lunch specials (comes w/ soup/salad + appetizer + rice) they're HIDDEN on the last page of the menu---Garlic naan: so light  toasty, just the way I like it!!!---Tomato soup: not so great ... maybe i'll try the lentil soup next time---Pakora: (Vegetable fritters) yummy crispy!---Chicken vindaloo: Soo good.. my favorite of the 2 entrees we tried---Chicken tikka masala: too tomatoe-y for me---Free veggie samosa with Yelp check-in: this was also good, they really know how to deep fry in the kitchen! for lunch this was way more food than we needed BUT who's complaining.. PLUS staff was so nice!i've gotta come back to try their indian "street foods" menu
The highlight of the meal was the naan.  Everything else was bland plus they charged $3 extra for two tiny pieces of mango pickles which is why I gave it two stars. Reasonable price meal but flavorless.
Eh. For me, the outer boroughs are the best for ethnic food. For Manhattanites, this is a good establishment, however, if you've had authentic ethnic cuisines, it's best to try the outer boroughs, and my picks would be the hole in the walls.
Neat little Indian restaurant in LES with a friendly owner. It can fit about 25 people or so. All the tables are for two so not really equipped for large groups but if you reserve in advance they will join multiple tables for you.We started with the pani puri. They weren't good. The shell was too thick and the tamarind was watered down.  The wala non veg sampler was better. The chicken malai kebab was succulent and I liked the flavor of the pakoras.The three types of curry we had were the chicken shahi korma, lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala. They were all decent - nothing that blew me away but not bad either. The shahi korma and lamb vindaloo were very heavy on cardamom. I usually like a little bit of cardamom because it helps balance out the other flavors but it has a strong fragrance so too much of it feels overpowering. The chicken tikka masala was dangerously close to tasting like tomato sauce but I didn't mind it so much since I do like tomatoes. I did like the garlic naan even though it wasn't that fluffy.My favorite dish of the night was the lamb biryani. It was spicy and had lots of flavor. It had a fair amount of lamb, which I was happy to see.  I washed everything down with a mango lassi which was also very good. It tasted fresh and they didn't add too much sugar.After we were done eating, the owner came by and introduced himself as THE masalawala. Very nice man. He asked us if we had any concerns about the food and if we knew what masalawala  meant - which I did of course :) We had a blackboard eats code for this place so we got 30% off the total bill and ended up paying about 20 bucks a person. Not bad at all - and we had a lots of food. I was gonna go with 3 stars but because of the deal and the excellent service we received throughout, I'm going with 4.FOOD: 3.5/5DÉCOR and AMBIANCE: 3.5/5SERVICE: 5/5VALUE: 4/5
Highly recommended place. You can relish the  real indian food here.Mist try Garlic Naan and chicken Madras(Hot)
I ordered takeout and had the following:Vindaloo Curry- Chicken- This was decent. Your standard rice and curry dish. Might be a little too spicy for people that can't take the heat.Hakka Chili Chicken Street-Side Bite- This was delicious!! Boneless chicken with various spices. The best way to describe this savory dish is that it's a spicy version of Chinese sesame chicken without the heavy breading.Will definitely order from these guys again.
Came here for my friend's New Year's birthday based on reviews I read here on Yelp. Upon arriving, the restaurant seemed a little small, but it wasn't uncomfortable. Immediately we were greeted by a friendly man, who we later found out was the MasalaWala himself. He checked in on us from time to time and when he found out it was my friend's birthday he made sure to bring us dessert and dessert wine on the house. We ordered the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian (Caiflower Florets), Garlic Naan,  Chicken Tikka Masala, and the Lamb Vindaloo. - Delicious! Everything was made to perfection! My favorite though was the free Samosas we got for checking in through Yelp. This is my new favorite Indian spot! Thank you MasalaWala for making our dining experience so enjoyable!  =)
I came here on Tuesday night around 7 PM with bf as I had a blackboard eats discount for 30% off. We didn't have to wait for a table, but beware of the space is quite small. However the staff is very welcoming and warming. Though, I'll mention that they sort of rushed us to order. The masala wala himself came around multiple times to endure we were enjoying the food. He was also quite a character, pulling up the menu and showing us the graphic on the cover was THE masala wala. The food is actually pretty unique as far as Indian goes. We started off with the appetizer of the Dahi puri which is the most famous appetizer you can get here. Six crispy puff pastries filled with chickpeas, tamarind sauce, and yogurt. I highly recommend a very very tasty and interesting to eat. Apparently, this is a street snack often found in India and Pakistan.As for the means I got the fish goan curry which is considered a chef specialty. However, I have Had better fish curry elsewhere, such as at Tamarind. I wanted it to be later but in fact it was quite spicy and quite heavy I also think that the fish was it fried and cooked already whereas I wanted it to be more steamed. It was a heavy dish, with a lot of bay leaves. BF got the chicken korma a classic Indian Dish. However I have had it much sweeter and other restaurants, I really like this preparation much better. There was a lot of very juicy dark me with a medium to heavy curry sauce, But it was not very nutty at all. Each entree came with a big bowl of basmati white rice, and we ordered a side of garlic naan. The naan was really good, but buttery.  We didn't get dessert, but it looks like the lassi and just in general the beverages such chai were really good here.Service is also really on point with filling waters, and they were nice about. If you check in on yelp or foursquare, you'll get a free vegetarian samosa. However we could not use this with the blackboard eats discount. I really enjoyed the food, however as we were wrapping we saw a huge giant cockroach.  yikes.  I hope that was an isolated Incident.Bill after discount came to 30 bucks..
Where do I start ... this spot is in my TOP 3 Indian restaurant in NYC!!!If you're looking for quality/price then it's NUMBER 1!!!I've been to many Indian restaurants in NYC, including the high end ones (I used to work for Food Network) and this place is a perfect mix of affordability and honest and delicious street indian cuisine.The onnly downside is the small space which usually means more attention to the food and from the host (the owner is so nice and welcoming!).Top 3 picks in my opinon are the manchurian cauliflower - the saffron chicken and the tilapia!Enjoy!
The food is fantastic and the hospitality is amazing. Recommend this place to everyone!!
*This review is from my Fooda experience*I liked it. It was go-to Indian food for me. I'm in the middle of my curry exploration in curry hill/murray hill and this stacked up with the better ones in the neighborhood. Both guys were super nice and the food tasted freshly made. I will say the chickpeas were a tad on the greasy side and they only had regular naan, not garlic (which is my FAVVVV). I will definitely hit them up when I'm in the LES!
Delicious... easily the best Indian food in the LES.  Somehow I'd overlooked this spot despite living in the neighborhood for the past 3 years.  My girl suggested we give it a try on a recent, blisteringly cold day... it warmed our hearts (figuratively) and bodies (literally).  The food here is authentic; i.e. a full array of spices and flavors - the absolute antithesis of bland or underwhelming (*cough* Panna 2 *cough*).GET THE KOLKATA GOBI APPETIZER!!! In essence; cauliflower lightly coated with a medium spice red sauce.  In reality; the best thing you've ever tasted.  Vegans rejoice!  This stuff is basically a vegetable that tastes like Indian hot wings.  Other highlights of our visit were the chana masala entree and Dilli Bajji 'side bite' (onion fritters - also an app).  The inside of the restaurant is small but cozy.  Great for a date or a chill lunch/dinner.After this successful visit we ordered for delivery a few nights later... lightning fast!Highly recommended - this place deserves your business.
The MasalaWala is good, quality South Asian food. The staff and owner are very kind, and he personally comes around to every table to make sure everyone is having a good time. Only gripe is that the portion sizes are a bit petit.
I'm afraid to say how much I love this place. I just hope, if it gets popular, it doesn't get a new menu, different chef, or up its prices, because it is perfect as is.  Even though it is on what would seem to be an awkward intersection, the ambiance is very cozy. The staff is friendly and laid-back and professional, which is a combo everyone wants, and very importantly, the food is DELICIOUS. This tastes like gourmet-level Indian food for mid-level prices. It's not "cheap" but it;s not expensive, and it's worth a few extra bucks a ticket to be wowed this way. Wow. I LOVE MasalaWala. I just came here for the first time in December, and I will keep going back.I will say, from reading some other reviews on this page, I was reminded, the only thing I've had here that isn't terrific is the Saag Panir, which is usually my favorite. They could work on that (Hope they hear me. Saag Panir could be better). But the TIka Masala, super creamy and full of flavor, and the samosas are crispy, fresh made and out of this world.
The Masalawala took my hand, looked me in the eyes and said: "I Love You." That story is oddly enough 100% true. Here is another true story. I was there with my gal and we ordered nan, chicken Masala and another dish I can't think of. Aside from AMAZING customer service we both were greatly satisfied w the food. The Masala told me he L-worded me. What!?
The food is authentic and delicious. The restaurant is modern and well kept. I like the wall paintings very much. The only thing I didn't like was the way they wrap their Kati rolls. It's wrapped up so tight that it's hard to eat the roll without accidentally earthing the wrapping paper. And if you pull the paper out then the roll falls apart, specially the tikka roll!
I honestly do not even know where to start. Came here for Thanksgiving dinner because almost every other restaurant was closed and my friend and I were craving some indian food. (My friend is indian, btw).As soon as you walk in, you notice that this place isn't too big, but you don't feel cramped when you're inside. I liked the artwork on the walls, and the decoration was all fairly set up.My friend ordered a couple appetizers - gobi manchuri, dhal puri, samosa chaat, mango lassi, and two free samosas for checking in on yelp. Gobi manchurian is by far the best thing i've had here. It's like seasoned cauliflower in a really amazing sauce. - doesnt matter if you're not a fan of cauliflower- you still need to try thisFor the main entree, I ordered the chicken tikka masala, which was amazing as well. The chicken was a tad dry but did not bother me that much. I also liked the service very much. Every one is very nice, especially the owner who kept walking by to check up on us. It was so good that the very next day, we decided to come here again-
MasalaWala has a good ambience, very clean, great service. Food was great! Lovely presentation, thick delicious gravy. I had ordered Shahi Paneer and Chhole Bhature. Both were equally flavorful. The only issue I had was that they used Tofu instead of paneer...Me being a paneer fan, cannot excuse it...:( But overall very palatable, soft puffy bhature and butter naan! And definitely relished the complementary Gulab Jamun..!
Really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. We were greeted by the owner, who was very pleasant. The naan was delicious, as was the rest of the meal and the wine. The restaurant is small, but very nice atmosphere. Make sure to book a table in advance.
BAD NORTH INDIAN FOOD. the bangladeshi server was lovely, but our food was inedible. could the great reviews be from non-indians? on a thursday at 1p, there was one couple in the restaurant, two people in the kitchen and one server - and it took them an hour to prepare the tandoori food - for takeaway. we took it home to serve at 4p and the lamb kebabs were like sawdust, the chicken in the tikka masala sauce was dry as wood, the chicken kebabs were equally hard and dry. i understand the owner of the place is from calcutta so it may be that the choices we made were a mistake but even the paneer kati roll (a calcutta favorite) was thick, dry and underseasoned. spent $180 on food that my dad complained about for the entire meal and i had to ask my mum to doctor up (more yogurt, onions, garlic, sea salt) so it didn't feel like a total waste.
Love, love, love Masala Wala! Whenever ilI get a chance, I try to make it for the lunch special. I'm not usually one for soup but I could live on their lentil soup!I've tried just about every main dish they have and am yet to find one I don't like. Sagwala might be my favorite. Masala Wala himself is a sweetheart and greets those guests he knows with a hug (don't mind the personal space ya'll). It adds to the authentic charm of the restaurant. The best Indian restaurant I've visited in NYC. I will find it hard to keep look as I don't think Anything with match it!
Very pleasant small restaurant, some interesting additions to the standard indian offerings; we started w the free yelp coupon Samosas, very good. then the Kohlkatta gobi manchurian cauliflower appetizer was an unusual offering, a deep fried cauliflower w. chickpea batter and a blend of indian and asian spices and very tasty. Great garlic naan - tasted like they had cooked the garlic in browned ghee/butter before baking; excellent saag paneer.  we also tried murgh dahiwala (chicken w. yogurt sauce, garlic, cilantro) which was interesting but not our favorite dish.  Service was excellent.  Lion Sri Lankan stout (a lighter-end stout ) was filling but quite good; coffee and chocolate notes. Pricing a bit on the high end.Only off note was that someone took our umbrella and it was pouring rain outside!
It's hard to dismiss a restaurant when they give you really good quality food at a decent price, coupled with good service and an entertaining owner.This place has quickly become one of my favorite Indian joints in the city.  There are several reasons but it mostly has to do with the good quality food they serve here.  Unlike many other Indian restaurants I've tried in the city, here the food doesn't feel nearly as greasy as the others.  Of course we got the Yelp deal (the free samosa) and it was quite tasty.  Not too big, but no shortage of flavor here.  We also tried the vegetable fritters, which were surprisingly light for a fried dish.  Big kudos to the non-vegetarian sampler -which featured 3 types of chicken (chicken samosa, fried chicken, chicken skewers).  The skewered chicken was really tasty and tender.  I couldn't have been happier with those choices.As for the appetizer, my lady ordered the okra which she was very happy about.  I tried the basic chicken masala which was quite flavorful.  Add to that some perfectly baked butter naan and it was a recipe for happiness.  I really enjoyed the fact that despite the solid portions, I didn't feel bloated after finishing all that food.  That was a pleasant surprise, no doubt helped by the fact the food again, wasn't very greasy.The service was prompt and the restaurant itself was very clean.  The owner was also extremely friendly and checked on customers frequently.  Add to that some decent prices and  you have one great Indian restaurant that's worth checking out in a city that's full of similar offerings.
Amazing palak paneer! Great service.
I swore I'd never eat Indian food. My wife tricked me and I wound up really enjoying it. The garlic pita bread was good. The spices they used were subtle but enjoyable. Right off of Houston so you could definitely start your night here and work your way up alphabet city.  Not for the weak stomached. 4 stars cause the waitor was robotic and just hated his life.
This place has good chicken Marsala but I ordered 4 orders of lamb chops and they gave me wrong order so when you speak with waitress be specific!
This place was amazing.  We tried multiple dishes and all were delicious.  Along with the amazing food came amazing service.  Multiple people checked on us making sure we had everything we wanted/needed.  The owner also personally came to our table to make sure everything was great.  I would definitely recommend this place!
Trekked down because of the great reviews, but the food was just o.k. Small portions and flavor just wasn't there. The owner is charming, but his charm doesn't make the food taste better. Would not say it is a must for Indian food dining.
Following my last experience, I've had a chance to eat from here again. The food showed up very quickly, and everything was delicious.I especially enjoyed the garlic naan - one of the best I've had in the states!
I would have give it 6 if possible!!! Excellent service, delicious food!!!I made a reservation for 9pm but wanted to come early, however there was no space because I called the same day, but they called me later to tell me I could come earlier if I wished to.The food is very spicy so if you are not used to that I recommend sticking to the mild options, everything was delicious and the owner was so nice and pending of us!
Oh wow. Masalawala recommended the cauliflower entree, we didn't think it would be that good, and it wasn't. It was great! Followed up by the chicken tika masala, some garlic naan and tandoori chicken. Add this to the great service and this place scores 5 stars!
Wonderful Indian food. we always order an asortment of delicious dishes to share. The staff is efficient and courteous. The owner often comes to the table to greet and welcome guests
As an Englishman there's nothing I love more than Indian food. In a conversation about just this with a fellow ex-pat at the Spotted Pig, I was told MasalaWala was the best food he'd had in the city, so I took him up on that. Many times. Because it's that good.I've had the biryani and it's delicious, but nothing better than you'll get for half the price in Curry Hill. Their chicken tikka roll however is an absolute revelation, better than the rolls you'll get in the village but up there with the roti on Amsterdam Avenue. Their butter naans are an absolute dream and they come big and beautiful.The real star, however, is their signature street food cauliflower. It's the most delicious thing, and you really won't find better. Even greater is that- unlike so many spicy vegetable dishes- they don't overdo the chilli. It's spicy but not masochistic. I would urge anyone to go here, and their takeout is fast and efficient. I'm in love.
Best Indian food in the city.  The staff and the service was really great. A must visit for an indian food lover. Must Try - masala tea, samosa chat, kadai paneer.
This is a gem of a restaurant! Indian hospitality at its best!Food is superb and service impeccable topped by the Mr Masala Wala himself greeting every customer and making sure the guest are taken care of.Best indian food in the city.
Whoa! Literally stumbled into this place after a gallery exhibition and performance on the Lower East Side. WHAT??? The flavors and menu options are tasty! A hair on the pricey side for portions you receive (keep in mind I'm a budget hound, so they may not be that pricey for normal NYC dining), but tasted so good I recommend going at least once for you to decide whether or not it's worth it. Not much 'atmosphere' in terms of decor, but the owner is very outgoing, hilarious and friendly. Service is good and friendly which is good enough.Have come back here for dinners with friends (7+) and enjoyed. Although small, the owner always seems to find a way to seat us. :)
After living in India for a year, I was on a search for legitimate Indian food. So far, quite unexpectedly and disappointing, NYC was underwhelming in authenticity, but MasalaWala was a wonderful change of pace and perspective! We had a lovely seat next to the window (they said we would be seated outside when we called that afternoon to make a reservation), and were greeted by Mr. MasalaWala himself, a jovial man who is enthusiastic about his food and recommended a few standout dishes.The Manchurian Gobi (deep fried Chinese-inspired flavored cauliflower) was one of his recommendations and I am now addicted. The flavors, the textures, the colors, the aroma--utterly delightful and a great way to start off the meal. We ordered the Bhel Puri (one of our favorite dishes when we lived in India, but very hard to find it here in the US, especially done properly), it scratched the itch and was tasty. For a main course (by the way, we definitely over ordered for the two of us!) we had to get the chole bhatura (bread/naan style fried like a pillow served with spiced chickpeas, another favorite of ours) and it did not disappoint. The spices wafted as it was carried through the dining room and the bhatura, although not quite what we expected--a bit more bready than we're accustomed to--was delicious and added to the overall texture of the dish. Another staple was the chicken tikka masala. At first I was a bit put off by the dish because of its sweetness, but after a few bites I really liked it! It paired perfectly with the garlic naan and the chole, a bit of sweet, a bit of salt, spice and savory elements. Next time we will definitely order it "hot" (spice level) though because at "medium" there was hard to detect any spice.To finish off the meal we had to have our chai, mine was the plain milk chai (like the street chai I would get in India, so tasty, creamy and sweet), while my husband got the masala chai--both were a nice sweet end to a very filling meal (+ lunch the next day for the two of us).Definitely recommend this place as a  fun atmosphere, great food, and wonderful service. Looking forward to going back for my manchurian gobi!
Small but nice location, welcoming staff. We ordered three dishes, all quite good but a little bit on the oily and sweet side. My recommendation to the kitchen: ease up on the oil and the sugar. Other than that we were satisfied.
Went to the MasalaWala with some co-workers who were in NYC from out of town. Super accommodating to our last minute reservation request and the food was absolutely phenomenal. Small space, but definitely worth the visit. Best Indian food I have ever eaten.
This place is amazing the staff was wonderful and very nice the food was out of this world I had the salmon tikka masala and we met the guy that owns the place he was funny and very friendly!
Just left. Writing this in the car on the way back to Ct.Have the cauliflower appetizer and grilled curry tiger prawns. We split 3 entrees for three adults.  Perfect blend of tastes and amount of food. Fresh, delicious and unique. Plus we parked in the street. Happiness! Highly recommend.
Great Indian food, cozy restaurant, awesome service. This was actually my first time having Indian food and I went on a rainy night. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, naan bread and a mango lassi. All of our food was very good, but what really made the experience was the staff. They were so friendly and attentive and even though the restaurant is very small and can get crowded, they went above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable and everything was good. My favorite part was that the manager/owner walked around to every table in the restaurant to ask how everyone was liking the food, very funny and personably guy. We will definitely be coming back to this great little place!
Amazingggggg Indian food at this restaurant! We had great recommendations from the waiter, amazing service and our table was checked on by the owner,  "the masala wala" himself!Will most definitely be coming back here :)
I've had the palak paneer (puréed spinach in a thick curry sauce with cubed cheese - this is also less creamy than the saag paneer- actually, it was more watery than creamy- but nevertheless, very flavorful), lamb rogan josh (lamb stew in a tomato bases sauce and other spices), and chicken tikka masala (roasted chicken in a creamy tomato-curry sauce).  They are all staples in Indian restaurants.  Each of those dishes were delicious! Our party also ordered the lentil soup which was ok but def something I'd skip next time. Even if it was cold out, I wouldn't have to order a soup. I'd rather have them make my other dishes spicier. Next time I go there, I'm trying the Chana saagwala (creamy).  Cons:I came here with a party of 3 with no reservations. It was a 40 minute wait even though the restaurant had only 1 table with patrons on it.  A few of the other tables were "reserved" but there were empty tables they didn't want to seat us at. We just went to the bar across the street on the corner. Then, they called me back and when we arrived, all of the already empty non-reserved tables were still empty. Service could be better.  Restaurant was empty but waiters still took a while to fill our glasses with water!
Found this place through its rating on Yelp. I've had some trouble finding really good Indian in New York, but this one did not disappoint.We redeemed our samosas by checking in on the Yelp app. They were simply delicious. Both my friend and I chose the Tikka Masala, mine hot and his medium. The Masala was really good - I preferred the hottest one - but I missed some of the "magic" spicy flavors a few other Indian places seem to control on this dish. The garlic naan was great.The best experience of the place was the owner though. He came out and had a little chat - as far as I could see - with each and every one of his guests on a fairly busy Saturday night. Impressive service. We complimented the ambience and the food. When we politely declined dessert, he insisted we had to try the frozen mango/cream specialty (can't remember the name) - and ordered us one at his expense. It was amazingly good!I'm a bit torn on this review. Food is good, but really more of a four than five stars. However, I choose to push it up at a full 5 due to the excellent service and friendliness. Will definitely go back.
This place is great. It has amazing service in addition to great food. I'm Pakistani/Indian so I grew up eating Indian food and this is definitely one of the best experiences I've had with Indian food.
Good quality food. Curries are fine but foods too americanized. I was expecting more authentic indian food.
Absolutely outstanding service and exceptional food! Highly recommended!!!  Have been here several times and each time I can't wait to come back and try different items on the menu.  The owner is amazing and makes a point to stop by your table and ensure you are enjoying yourself.  5 stars go check it out !!!
Still the best. Just took my grandma here for her intro to Indian food and she loved it too.
Yummy food. Open late!  I ordered the chicken madras and garlic naan and was not disappointed.
After reading all the Yelp reviews, I had pretty high expectations for The MasalaWala. And they were definitely met - the food was really good, the staff was super attentive and J  I were stuffed by the end of the meal. Yet, I wasn't so stuffed that I couldn't go to yoga right after - which is always nice.We got the Dilli Aloo Tikki as an appetizer - but we got it from the Happy Hour menu, so maybe that's why it was smaller than we expected it to be. But it was really delicious - savory with a sweet sauce to put on top.J got the baingan bharta (she wanted to eat a bit healthy so she went with a vegetarian dish) and I got the lamb korma. The dishes are pretty filling - one is more than enough for two people, especially with an appetizer. Her baingan bharta was a bit heavier than I expected for a vegetarian dish, but it was quite yummy. It just really wasn't my cup of tea - it was a tad bit too tangy for my tastes, which is sad because I LOVE eggplant. My lamb korma was seriously delicious - the curry was savory and sweet and nutty, and perfect to dip the garlic naan in. The lamb was perfectly cooked - super tender and practically melted in my mouth. The garlic naan was seriously soft and like a little piece of fluffy heaven in my mouth.Thank you MasalaWala for existing. I think I've found my new go-to Indian place.
This place was awesome; highly suggest making reservations to avoid the wait. Great service, wonderful food and got to meet the infamous Masala Wala himself.
Uncle masalawala is fun to talk to and his food is good too. Great daal makhani. My daughter treated me to this place and now she has a grandfather here !!!we had a good time n you will too !!!
Yum! Great food, even if the service is a bit spotty. I made reservations for our party of 7 on a Friday night the morning of and had no problems. It seems like there's one (slightly harried) waitress that speaks English and a bunch of waiters that do not - and therefore run up to her whenever your table has a request.We shared everything family style and everything we ordered was delicious! Well spiced without ever getting too spicy (if you know what I mean). Check in on yelp for a free samosa (like a savory, deep friend turnover filled with potatoes and peas)!We ordered:- Chicken tikka (tandoori bbq chicken)- Chicken tikka masala (in a tomato cream sauce)- Navratan Korma (vegetables and paneer - a cheese - in a cashew cream sauce- Lamb Saagwala (lamb in a creamed spinach sauce)- Fish curry- butter naan, garlic naan, and paneer stuffed naan. SUPER fresh, soft, and wonderful.We heartily enjoyed each and every item we ordered! The dishes were the perfect amount for our party of 5 girls and 2 fellas. Great place; highly recommend.
Very average. My chicken was a bit dry though, but the flavors were good. Servers seemed inexperienced but with some patience, they are fine. The tiger shrimp app was pretty good. I would come back if I was craving Indian food and the location is pretty convenient.
Food was EXCELLENT (I had the paneer tikka masal​a)​, service was EXCELLENT (all of the tables were reserved, we came without a reservation (of course) and they quickly took the "reserved" sign off a table so we could be seated!) the atmosphere was cozy, dim and a bit tight, but if you dig that intimate type NYC restaurant setting then its PERFECT! The owner even came up to our table right after to ask how everything was. I had no idea who he was at first: after I told him everything was amazing and the food was deeee-lish he told me he was the owner and he greatly appreciated our feedback! Love this place!
Food: 6 starsService: 6 starsMasalaWala (owner): 6 starsBest Indian restaurant in NYC: check!What more can you ask? Oh The butter naan! Oh the garlic naan! Oh the cauliflower special! Oh the mango ice cream! Oh oh oh! This is a little gem, a little piece of Heaven on the lower east side. I had the lamb bariyani (pardon if mispelled) which is special rice with spices and a yogurt side sauce that was to die for. The rest of the table had seafood and lamb with basmati rice, and we almost licked our plates. Good size portion, fast but relaxed service, water always available in my glass...These things matter!For dessert we wanted half-pistaccio half-mango ice cream, and when the owner found out we only had mango, he sent us a free pistaccio! Very sweet and humorous human being! Glad to see he takes the time to be present at his restaurant, unlike so many restaurants in NYC.
CHECK IN for a free samosa per table (very tasty)!!I had the chicken tandoori, which was good, but it didn't come with rice. Luckily, the service was excellent and I was brought a rice bowl right afterwards-on the house. WHAAT. The chicken was flavorful, but wish there were onions or something else paired with the dish.GET the chicken tikka masala (ahem.. it is the malasawala).Met the Mr. Masalawala himself, who was very friendly and aims for excellent service. My friends later asked for the check to be split separately and they were more than accommodating to us.Outdoor seating available, accepts credit card, prices per entree ~$15-20, seating good for couples/small groups.
Wonderful place! We were greeted by the owner himself who made us feel so welcome. As an Indian myself, I can say the food was phenomenal, nothing whatsoever to fault! The service was brilliant and the staff were extremely friendly. The food portions were of a perfect size and there was plenty of choice for both non-vegetarians and vegetarians. I will definitely be back and recommend this fantastic restaurant to anyone looking for an authentic Indian meal!
Incredible Indian dining; love the "dictionary" of dining choices for those still learning the different dish types. IPAD pictures of the various cuisines make selections easy. Wine list was great, service impeccable and a table visit from the owner sealed the deal! Run, don't walk to this fantastic array of Indian cuisine
Some of the best Indian food I've had in a long time! The service was excellent!We ordered a few dishes and shared them around the table. By far my favorite dish was the chicken tandoori which was amazing and the best I've ever had!
Best Indian food I've had in the United States! Warm and friendly with excellent choices of food, including vegan options.
Best Indian food in Manhattan!  Staff is very friendly.  I've had the Lamb Rogan Josh, Chicken Tikka Masala and Samosa Chaat, all A+.  Definitely recommended.
Small restaurant but really good food. The owner was very humble and nice. After we were done paying he mentioned that we didn't order his best dessert dish and brought it out for us to taste it and it was amazing. The food overall tasted home made and it was less oily than food from lot the other Indian restaurants I've tried. Definitely worth checking this place out.
U think about what u've eaten if it's either too good or too disturbing! Unfortunately even hours later I find myself thinking about what i ate at The Masalawala, as it was plain HORRID! We ordered the Dahi Puri for starters and the only taste it had was that of store bought tamarind sauce! Then came the main which was Lamb Kastori kebab which was totally bland and had no texture in fact tasted like puréed lamb with a few spices thrown in as an extra measure. The chicken tikka masala was utterly sweet (seriously it was two in one main entree  desert!) and the NAAN don't even get me started on those! They are hands down the WORST naan I have EVER had!!!! They were unevenly rolled and unevenly cooked. There were parts which were utterly crispy as the dough was v thin and then there were parts where the dough was soo much that I had to  divide it into two parts to have it with my sweet chicken tikka masala! I just cannot fathom the fact that any Indian restaurant can actually make such horrid naan! Both the idea and the naan will be equally difficult to digest!  Anyways I had very high hopes with this place but it was unfortunately a very AVERAGE experience!
The food was delicious and the staff was very accommodating. They were very considerate of my relatively large dinner party, especially their patience when we had a few empty seats while waiting for late-comers. I recommend it big time, BUT definitely try for a reservation if you can. It's not huge space and was pretty full on a Friday.
Where do I begin? I had a fantastic experience since the moment I set foot in the door! My girlfriend and I stopped in here for dinner on a late Sunday afternoon. The restaurant had a few other diners, but we decided to sit outside since the weather was nice.The Tikka Masala gravy was rich and absolutely delicious and my grilled chicken dish from the special menu was solid. We topped off the night with the Wala Kulfi which was just as tasty.The best part of this place was the owner. He was very welcoming and friendly and didn't hesitate to engage with us. I asked him what his name was and he pointed to the sign. "That's me," he said, "I'm the MasalaWala!"
My first visit to this place was very disappointing. The owner messaged me and apologized for the bad experience.  I read the good reviews on yelp and I decided to go back there. This time I went around 7pm I think. There were a few other people there. The atmosphere was nice. Felt welcomed and the staff was very friendly and attentive. Last time I got annoyed because the tables were small and the waiter did not take away our menus. This time around our waiter was very good and kept checking on us if we needed anything. This time I ordered the lamb vindaloo, which was excellent. It wasn't too spicy or dull. The lamb didn't have a weird smell. Also got the tiger shrimp. The shrimp were pretty big and had this delicious creamy yogurt sauce on it. I almost forgot but please order the lamb or chicken rolls as an appetizer. Easily the best thing on their menu in my opinion. All in all my second visit here was perfect.
The food is excellent.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  I would recommend trying one of the seafood South Indian curries (e.g. Kerala, Konkan) which are typically very hard to find in Indian restaurants in the US.  I would only recommend for a very casual dinner or doing take out (they deliver). The ambiance is nothing fancy.  They don't have hard alcohol but have Indian beer and reasonably priced non-Indian wines.
We went here to celebrate my brother's birthday, as he wanted a "different" restaurant than the standard, small plates or Italian food. I love Indian, but can only eat so much of it. Our server, Mohammed, was amazing. He was honest and had great knowledge of the food and gave us good recommendations. We had a feast:Started off with a free samosa (because we checked in on Yelp)followed by Kati Rolls, I had the Aloo Masala Roll and my brother the Chicken Tikka Roll. Both very tasty (and this is where I could have probably stopped eating). I think the Kati Rolls could be good meal for lunch. They are almost like small burritos. Then upon recommendation of Mohammed our server we ordered Jalfrezi Paneer and the Vinadaloo Chicken. The Vindaloo was amazing, the Jalfrezi was tasty, but not really my kind of flavors (it was slightly sweet). Initially we were worried the Vinadaloo would be too spicy, but it really wasn't bad, it actually had the perfect amount of spiciness. Along with our meal we had a bottle of wine. It was a great, rainy, birthday for my brother! I will definitely go back and recommend The MasalaWala to my friends.
I am on the move so will keep this review shortProExcellent serviceFlavorful samosasBest Chana batura Pretty good samosa chaatConsPani puri sucked, also an embarrassingly small portion, Samosas were really oily, there was a pool of oil in the bottom of our samosa plateAll in all really enjoyed the food will be back, but staying away from the pani puri.
A great little find. We had a cousin gathering last year around this time and it was delicious. I came back almost a year later with a dear friend Henry. We ordered the Lambd Pasanda, the cauliflower dish, and buttered naan. Everything was delicious, we even tried the Mango Wala Kulfi.Overall, attentive waiters (very attentive) and the owner was super nice. He walks around ensuring he speaks with each table and ask if they've enjoyed their meals. I wouldn't have expected myself to love indian food as much as I loved MasalaWala dishes.I've definitely came twice thereafter, and will come in the future.
I chanced upon this restaurant by chance first in a music festival in NYC, where they had set up a kiosk and loved the snacks. Then I landed up at the restaurant and enjoyed the food again. I had ordered chicken roll and samosa chaat and they didnot fail my expectation. Above all I liked the polite customer service of the waiters and the owner himself.
My favorite Indian place in the area. My go-to is chicken tikka masala and samosas. It's so damn delicious and they give you a lot of food. I like that they throw in some dipping sauces for the samosas (I think). Also, the delivery staff is always on point.
It's very small Indo/pak food joint however curries are well balanced unlike most Indian/Pakistani restaurants. Well balanced spices and great service.
Came here with my brother and it was really good. The ambience here is good, the service here is good. Everything is good. The food was really good too! I checked in so I got a free appetizer. But this is the place I'll come back to next time, and I recommend people to one here too!
Highly recommend this place, delicious food, chettinad chicken is my favorite.
Ordered the appetizer platter, nothing tasted good except the prawns. The chicken kathi rolls were sub par, felt like stuffed with left over shredded chicken. Moreover they goofed up the payment and charged us twice and voided the wrong payment but did not even cared to inform. Not good service and very mediocre food.
This is possibly the best Indian place ever in NYC. It was a great experience being there. The owner of the place, "Mr. Masalawala" is one hell of a man. He is very humble, inviting and hospitable person. Food is amazing in here and every dish feels fresh in its own. Beautiful place with very hospitable staff! Now whenever I crave for Indian, MasalaWala is the place!!!
The best Indian I had in Manhattan. The hospitality is the best I have ever expended in US till now.
Awesome place. The masalawala is a nice guy.  Ask him kindly and he will give you your meal for free.  Just kidding. But this place is great.
We ordered paneer tikka masala with peshawari naan, and gobi manchurian for starter with masala chai. Everything great and tasty. I highly recommend this place for all tourists who wish to taste authentic north Indian food.
Being a native New Yorker, I have been to many Indian restaurants and MASALAWALAproved to be exceptional. Meeting Mr. Masalawala was part of the wonderful experience. The food was very tasty and the service excellent.
AMAZING food!!!!  I went with my entire family and ordered the mixed platter which had the most amazing kabobs I have ever had!!  This place is a must try!  Our whole family loved it!!!  At the end, the owner personally met with everyone and thanked them for coming.  Great food, great service!!!
The chicken jalfrazi wasn't on the menu but they were accommodating and made it for me anyway. Great service, delicious food and an all round 5 star place.
I've done lunch here (once for dine-in, and once for takeout). Their lunch special is the best value out of any other in the area - for $9 or $10 you can choose an entree from a varied list of options. They don't skimp on flavor or portion size. I love the Lamb Saagwala - perfect creamy spinach and chunks of lamb, spicy (how I like it) but well-balanced. Only complaint so far is that when I ordered it for takeout, I found the lamb to be dry, and it was tender when I dined in so there are some inconsistencies they need to sort out. Overall, I would recommend.
The service was incredible and the food was exceptional. The owner came to us to ask how everything was and we were delighted by his well manner and friendliness. Definitely recommend.
I am Indian as is my fiance, and we were stunned that we didn't know about this place until now - we stopped in casually for a snack, ended up ordering the aloo chaat and the tandoori shrimp and were blown away.  We will be back very soon to go deeper into the menu. Beyond the food, the hospitality was refreshing.
Came here on a late Tuesday afternoon. Quiet night. Half price happy hour, wine are good, we had a veggie samosa, it was okay, I wish I had the chicken samosa instead. Had the Mango lassi, pretty good, fulfilled your stomach fast. The garlic nann was so yummy, so yummy. For entrée, we had okra n a veggie dish, forgot the name. The okra is so good, I personally love okra. Not too spicy, awesome. The other dish was a bit too spicy but it was good too, it has all kinds of veggie plus tomato. I would go back for more nann and ice cream
The host and the chai are absolutely amazing! The food could use a little improvement but the atmosphere and location more than make up for it
Had the chance to stop by and visit what will surely become a go-to favorite for Indian on the east side of town. Easily located off Houston and Essex, met up at The MasalaWala thanks to a friend's need for vegetarian options and the girlfriend's desire for Indian. Great call!Checked in on Yelp and got a free vegetarian samosa - Awesome! Also ordered chicken samosas, Kolkata Gobi Manchurian (vegan option) and the dahi puri. All of them were great starters! Can you ever go wrong with samosas?! Nope.Entrees continued the taste-fest as we got a little bit of everything for everyone. The standards held true with the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Safron Chicken Tikka. Both phenomenally good. For the veggie option, we ordered Malai Kofta. Everyone loved it. And of course, I can't leave out my personal favorite thanks to the yelp recommendations... Garlic Naan. Sooooo good. Perfect addition to the meal and oh so tasty. We'll be getting that one again for sure."THE" MasalaWala himself came over to the table to greet us and say hello as well as saw us off after the great meal. Such a great energy that you can tell he passes through to his restaurant and his food. Fresh was the word of the day and he delivered on that promise with a very enjoyable meal. Highly recommend if in the area!
Really amazing Indian food! Also this place was featured in the latest episode of Mr Robot!
This place really amazed me! The decoration was cute, the service was good, and the food was awesome! My favorite was chicken jalfrezi. The Mumbai samosa and garlic naan bread are also very good. The owner came say hi to us, very nice guy. Great experience, will definitely come back!
We were there for dinner recentlyHad the Alloo papri chat which was very authentic.The lamb passand was cooked to perfection and the rice that came with it was divine! We also got an order of the garlic nan which was one of the best I have ever hadThe deserts were good not great : gulab jamun and rasmalaiCame back in a few days for takeout: it was so good
Every time we come to NYC we come here.  The staff and owner are so accommodating.  It feels as if the kitchen is catering only to us.  We have never been disappointed with the service and quality of the food.Favorite items on the menu:  Rabri Ras malai and aloo papri chaat
Ordered delivery through seamless tonight. The food came very quickly, maybe within 25 minutes, which was great! We ordered the chicken tikka masala, chicken vindaloo, and garlic naan. The naan was excellent, but both chicken dishes were average. I'm sure we'll order from here again because it was fine, but there are tastier Indian places in the neighborhood.
Had a really great experience here for dinner. Wasn't able to get a reservation but was lucky enough to get a table as a walk-in on a Saturday night.  The Chicken Tikka Masala and garlic naan was amazinggg. One of the best I've had. The Chicken Saagwala was a little overwhelming on the spinach side for my liking but still an ok dish. As someone who doesn't handle spicy food very well, I appreciate the fact you can choose different spice levels. The owner/manager was very friendly and making rounds around the restaurant making sure everyone was doing ok. Overall, great service and delicious food. Definitely will be back!
Awesome food , wonderful service , warm welcoming. I'm not sure on the name but the fried cauliflower dish was amazing ! (we asked for the popular dish and it was highly recommended and for a good reason)shrimp was moist and flavorful. We were tempted to lick our plates in the end ! Our thanks to the owner for making it such a special meal. It was our last dinner in New York and it could not have been better. Would highly recommend , everything was excellent !
malai kofta was spot on, naan was delicious, AND hands down the Best masala chai I've had in NYC to date. And I'm so picky when it comes to chai- I want it to taste like that first refreshing sip you get in some small mountain town in Nepal in the winter. That's what I'm always looking for in a masala chai here in the city, and it's a tough idea to live up to. It takes a few minutes to prepare the chai here, so you know they're putting in the necessary effort, and it is amazing as a result.And let's talk about their homemade pistachio kulfi - so wonderful. You can taste the natural sweetness of the cream and the pistachios themselves because they don't add sugar. It's really incredible. I'm definitely going to be coming back here as often as I can!
This place was fantastic! We went here for Father's Day because my dad LOVES Indian food and this was honestly the best we've ever had. The Indian soda (Thumbs Up!) was a surprising twist to a normal cola, the garlic Naan bread was so delicious, all of our appetizers were phenomenal and came out quickly, the Masala Wala himself even gave us a free order of the cauliflower which was so good. Our entrees were delicious and beautifully presented, and the serving sizes were very generous. The mango kulfi was so sweet and creamy, better than any ice cream I've ever had. Overall this place was a hit with my family and I will definitely be going back!
We went there last night for the first time and I must say it might be the best Indian food we have ever had. We ordered the Chicken tandoori, palak paneer, vegetable curry, yellow dal, and a boatload of the garlic nan. The chicken was flavorful and tender and the dal was just right.  There are other indian restaurants a few blocks north that are very good as well but this place is a notch above. Thus, the five star rating.  The owner's interaction with his guests is quite special too. We will be going back again and again.
This is some of the best Indian food I've ever had anywhere--and I say this as a man who has enjoyed more than a fair share of Indian in his time.The samosas are otherworldly. The pastries themselves are so buttery, perfectly flakey and thick, yet never anything but elegant. The palak paneer tastes like none you've ever had--the ingredients are so fresh that the virtue alone unlocks theretofore unknown flavors.And, of course, The MasalaWala himself is a unique sort of gentleman should you be lucky enough to meet him.
Best Indian food in New York and my new favorite restaurant!   The waiters are very friendly and attentive.  Can't wait to go back!
Oh my g_d, So good.  We haven't eaten in the restaurant but have ordered takeout many times. This is possibly the best Indian food that I have eaten in New York City and it's consistently wonderful.I am very partial to the Chicken Jalfrezi and to the vegetable Samosas that melt in your mouth but I have yet to try anything on the menu that isn't fabulous..
The Masalewala is one of the best Indian restaurants I have been to in the city. It is a cozy place with beautiful pictures depicting a fair from a small town in India. The service is prompt and friendly. The MASALAWALA himself personally makes sure that you are well served and enjoying your meal. The menu is very well designed. It describes the various dishes and the meaning of the words very well!I can't even begin to describe the food . It's authentic. It's masaledar! We got the free samosa with our check in yelp. It was amazing. The gobhi manchurian and Hakka chicken were delicious . The pani puri was mouth watering. For the entree we got the veg biryani with Konkani tilapia, malai kofta and dal makhni. The malai kofta was little sweet for my taste but my friends really enjoyed it. To end it we got their special chai! It was a wonderful evening with good friends and great food.Thank you MASALAWALA for being a wonderful host!
Great food. A friend who raved about this place ordered everything and what I liked most was the cauliflower gobi manchurian, lamb vindaloo, and the assorted meat dish that included lamb sausage, chicken tikka, and a coconut shrimp. Their naan was slightly charred and chewy. Very good.Overall, a very good experience for a large party. Prices were moderate too, and left fulfilled. Try it.
I went to Masala Wala for the first time after getting a Gilt City deal. We went for dinner on Wed night. Even though we had a reservation for 8 pm, they were happy to seat us early. The small restaurant definitely filled up as the night went on so I would recommend making a reservation or arriving early.For appetizers, we had the Aloo Papri Chaat and the Gobi Manchurian as per the owner's recommendation. Speaking of the owner, he was so friendly and attentive through out the meal. We felt like we were guests of his home and that truly made the experience even more special! The appetizers were perfectly sized and really flavorful. The chaat was crispy and well seasoned. You could tell it was served immediately after it was assembled. The Gobi Manchurian was piping hot and soo delicious! I would say it was a bit spicy but not unbearable.For entrees, we had the Lamb Kebabs and the Chicken Tikka Masala and a side of garlic naan. Both were generous portions, good for sharing between 2 people. The lamb kebabs were soft and juicy. The garlic naan was probably the best naan I've ever had, and I eat a lot of naan regularly! SO fresh and perfectly cooked! Definitely made on the spot per order. I am drooling just thinking about it.For dessert, we ended with the raas malai and it was a nice cap to the meal. It wasn't too sweet and didn't taste like it was pulled out of a freezer or made from any artificial flavors. I thoroughly enjoyed my entire meal and the service and hospitality just made it even better. Can't wait to head back soon to see Mr. Masala Wala.
Really good food and service.The owner is a very hospitable person.I went with a friend from Brazil who craved Indian food since she lived there for a while.She told me it was like the food she had in India.We were the only costumers that day and received free shots of a nice liquor.Recomend.
We wondered into this place based on the other reviews and it was excellent.  It's right off Houston St, with a nice ambience, fast and friendly service, and great food.  The cauliflower appetizer was outstanding and I do not like cauliflower!  The vegetarian samosas were wonderful and the lamb main dish was as well, spicy without being overpowering.  Although, for those with more or less tolerance to spice, this should not be a problem.  The waiter, who gave us great recommendations, checked with us in terms of spice-tolerance before putting in our order.  All in all, great.  Will return when I am in the city again.
Very unprepossessing little spot.  When we arrived just after 7, there were about 6 other people in the restaurant, 2 of whom were just waiting for take out.  I though maybe I'd made a mistake.But thankfully I hadn't - the food was great.  The spiced cauliflower starter is just fantastic.  I could have had another helping of that.  This place is great for vegetarians - loads of tasty options.  I can recommend the semi-sweet Riesling that they have on the "by the glass" menu - it paired beautifully with my spicy lamb curry.Definitely value for money - but it is a no-frills establishment :-)
This place had been on my list for months so I was glad to finally try it. I had a Blackboard Eats passcode for 30% off and was able to use it with no issues. Food!-Samosas: delicious! comes with two but we were a group of three and easily split them and had enough. Check-in on yelp and you get a free one! --Kolkata Gobi Manchurian: absurdly delicious cauliflower dish. I thought cauliflower was bland before I tried this. It's been described as an Indian version of General Tso's chicken (but with cauliflower) and that's a perfect description. I still can't wrap my head around how amazing this was. It's a must-order.-Chicken tikka masala: it's my go-to dish at Indian restaurants and it didn't disappoint here. So flavorful with a great proportion of meat to sauce. -Garlic Nann: perfection. -Lamb Vindaloo: my first time ordering this dish and I loved it! I can't stop raving about this place to anyone who will listen. The portions were pretty big and with the discount, the three of us only paid about $16 each! COME HERE. BRING EVERYONE.
This place is super cute and the food is absolutely delicious!  The staff is excellent and they really try to make sure you are comfortable and happy.  A definite must do if you like Indian food.
Enjoyed the terrific east village vibe, and the very comfortable atmosphere. With every table full, it was unlike the typical NY over-crowded, noisy can't hear yourself think environment. The Masalawala was there to insure your culinary pleasure, and ready to make helpful suggestions to our willing party. The menu is unusual, and free from the typical, so suggestions were most welcome.
Lovely place with great food and even better service!We showed up a bit past eight on a saturday night. Having passed it on our way to pick up some tickets for a play later on, we naively thought that the empty tables were just empty. Upon arriving to the restaurant with no reservation made we of course discovered that almost all the tables were reserved. The three people in line in front of us were offered a table for two, but they thought it too small and left. So we were offered to sit at that table and were really glad that they could squeeze us in on a busy saturday night.The waiter was really keen on making everything as we would like it, for example he assured me that I could order the chicken vindaloo with all white meat chicken breast even though it's not how they make it originally. So I ordered that and my sister got som paneer and we actually switched food during the dinner - everything tasted so good that we couldn't just eat our own food. Our mom ordered the lamb vindaloo and loved it, the chili cheese naan were just perfect aswell. We heard so many excuses for the poor table from both the waitor and the lovely owner. No matter how much we tried to reassure them that we were just thankful for getting a table they wouldn't listen and in the end we got some free ice-cream for dessert (even though we were so full from the lovely food that we couldn't finish it all). When we left the owner said good-bye by the door and yet again excused the table and our "bad table". The food was great, the hospitality and service was lovely and we felt right at home and welcome. We really loved it!
LOVE! This place has such great quality food and is the kind of place you REALLY notice a difference between meh Indian food and deeeelicious Indian food.We ordered in delivery for a Friday night when all we needed was a warm meal on a cold night with a glass of wine to veg out. Usually this proves difficult in NYC - your order takes forever, the food is cold or bad, etc. Not at this place! Everything we ordered was fresh, light, tasty and warm. The staff was friendly and easy to speak to and the portions were perfect.I went simple and ordered the chicken tikka masala, cucumber raita and butter naan. Everything is delicious and doesn't taste loaded with cream but instead light and fresh. Highly recommend!
Excellent Indian food in Lower East Side - owner was present and talked to our table, seemed very interested in the patrons and their happiness with the food and experience.  After another's review that mentioned the artwork on the walls, we asked him about it and he said he commissioned a local artist to paint artwork showing the local street food from the location in India from where he based his cuisine (and I believe also where he is from).  Anyway, the ambiance was warm and welcoming and we were comfortable.  The food was very good - ESPECIALLY the Malai Tiger Shrimp!  Wow, I would order that dish again a hundred times.
Chicken masala is amazing the tiger shrimp is out of this world. Cozy little restaurant with friendly staff. The owner even came up to us to see how we were doing . Try the indian pistachio sugar free ice cream.
Get to the Chase:Pros:1) I am from Delhi and let me tell you this food is pretty damn spot on. Though it could use more intense spices, more heat, and more chaat masala. The food was still excellent!2) VEEERY QUICK service, you order, and it was literally 10 min and we had our 4 appetizers3) Extremely friendly owner, and quick seating, wasn't too packed on a Friday night at 8:00 PM4) Large variety of food selections on the menu5) FREE Samosa with CHECK-IN (and this was fairly decent quality...soft, warm with delicious potato inside. Not like the hard, cold and stale ones you usually get in NY)Neither Pro/Con...just strange?....Owner called my gf "Mama" and me "Papa" and then after the meal hugged me....wow from being some random customer to now a family member in 1 hour that was quick.....Cons:1) The owner was almost toooo friendly. He continually patted me on the shoulder every 10 minutes to make a comment or ask how the food was....it was great at first, but 30 minutes again it became intrusive and almost irritating2) Waaay tooo carby...TOO MUCH carbs, it was almost waaay too heavy if you order multiple dishes and notice almost every dish has some wheaty, bready, carb-loaded meal3) Mango Lassi was WAYY tooo thick, like drinking greek yogurtOrder of the night for 2 people: Onion Kulcha, Limca, 2 Masalawala Lassi - Mango, Dahi-Puri, Sev Puri, Papri Chaat, Alu Tikki Chaat, Haryali Kebab,  Boti Kebab = $98 including tip and tax
Decent Indian cuisine. Could do better with service. Avoid if you are a large group. The restaurant doesn't let you split the bill on over 4 cards even if you are a group of 8.
Great food and great service. I ordered Konkani with shrimp. Very delicious. I'll definitely visit again.
Perfect for a chilly evening! We shared the veggie samosas and fritters -- both were very good. The Chana Saagwala and Dal were delicious over rice or with the garlic naan. Masala chai was the best I've had. Warm and friendly atmosphere with attentive servers.
A dining experience gone wrong. Greasy samosas and cold grilled shrimp were our starters. There's no excuse for a grilled, made to order item to be cold unless the practice is to pre-cook the item only to heat it at a later time.  Our main course the Kabobs coming out of a tandoor oven without being served on a sizzler is a mystery. Dal Tadka missed out on any flavor. It is depriving people of real aromatic flavors of how real Dal Tadka should be. We won't be going back.
4stars for the food and service. Really delicious. I recommend eating here. The fresh made bread is amazing.
The masala chai tea here is the best in the city, on par with the chai in Jackson Heights. Not too sweet, and redolent with cardamom. Sometimes when we walk by I just stop in for a cup for chai to go. It's $3, but that's how much a tiny espresso drink costs, so I think it's worth it. :)The food is good here too. We have had the chaats quite a few times and we have also come for a proper dinner -- the food is good too, but the chaats are better than any other we have found in NY. I like them all but my fave may just be the pani puri! It's very refreshing and tart.Quick note for anyone trying to use the recent Blackboard Eats code that you should probably mention it while ordering, so that the waiter can help you pick dishes that will help you meet the requirements. We found out after the fact that the lunch specials are not eligible for use with the code, which the fine print never mentioned. The waiter was difficult to deal with, but luckily the owner was there and recognized us from previous visits. He waived a dish from our check as a goodwill gesture, which ended up working out to a similar discount level. We appreciated it. I'm glad, too, because now I don't have to boycott on principle and can keep going back for more of that chai!Good chai, good chaat, good people. You should go.
Authentic Indian cuisine with polite staff. Delivery is excellent. Dining in can take a bit of time, but you can be certain food is fresh. Enjoy the appetizers!
This is some of the best, new age Indian food I've ever had. Clean fresh and delicious. The owner came to our table and welcomed us with open arms and a complimentary beverage. Prices can't be beat and the place is nice and cozy for a great twosome dinner.
Masalawala Uncle is a ROCKSTAR! Great hospitality and amazing food. Will visit this place again when I am in NYC.
Went to MasalAwala as I happened to simply wandering in the area looking for some dinner. Small place, friendly staff and proprietor. I tried the Malai  Kodta and it was served in a delicate cream sauce. A bit more sweet than spicy. Only reason for a 4 star is that the Naan was good yet a bit thick in spots and felt un-cooked in those spots. Would give 4.5 stars if possible
Samosas=deliciousChicken tika masala= the best I've ever hadDefinitely coming back
This is the First Indian spot my husband and I have gone to since moving back to NYC. I give it 4 stars bc another place still has 1 up on this spot due to a food item they have! Pros: great food, everything tasted great! They always refilled your water, which you highly need in Indian food spots! The owner was there to greet all the people and acted as a owner should be-proud of his food and concerned about your experience. We didn't know what wine to pear with our Indian food so asked. Our waiter wasn't sure but got another one that immediately gave us recommendations. Service is very attentive although it was a very busy Saturday night. Love that it's a great environment. My friends had 2 bad experiences with Indian food and this was there last chance....and this place redeemed it for them!!! Great job!!Cons: It's not a huge space so can get packed fast, but we were enjoying the food and company that it didn't affect us at all!Forgot the exact dishes but we had the chicken masala, another chicken dish, 2 lamb dishes....all chef favs! We paired it with their house Shiraz
Best Indian Food that I've had here in NYC, I've been there twice and both experiences have been great.I got the chicken madras on both occasions,  the first time wasn't quite hot enough but I ordered it extra spicy (4/4) the second time and it was perfect.Expect to pay around $20 a person if you aren't drinking alcohol.
Indian cuisine is my favorite cuisine. It's complex, fragrant, sexy. I've been to probably half of the Indian restaurants here and I find that it's hit or miss with many of the preparations. Rarely does any place get it all right, and mostly, I find that the food I get is good but not great. To be fair, there are so many ingredients and layers of flavor in this food that getting the right balance isn't easy. Not everything at The MasalaWala was perfect, but much was. I went yesterday with friends for a late lunch and, for most of the time, we were the only ones there, which was fine. The place is small, but comfortable and airy. The service was friendly and efficient. We ordered a lot of food! We like to eat! Here's what we got..Kolkata Gobi Manchurian - delicious, as everyone seems to agree. One of the better versions of this I've had.Chicken samosa - nice to have a different filling for a change. This was perfect! Balanced savory filling, and the pastry was flaky and fresh.Lamb roti - ok. I'm not a lamb lover, but my friends are, and they thought it was fine, but nothing special.Samosa chat - Delicious. Chicken tikka masala - I gave my friend a nasty look when he ordered it because we were all sharing everything, and I never order this because it's usually on the blander side and I like more flavorful food. Well, this was the best version I've had of this. It was more flavorful than usual and had pieces of tender tandoori chicken in it. I might try something else next time, but this was surprisingly yummy.Palak Paneer - I always order this dish at an Indian restaurant because it always seems to come out vastly different from place to place and I like to see how each place does it. Outside of being a bit too salty, I loved this version. It was fresh, dense and flavorful. Often times, it's too creamy and there seems to be barely any spinach in it. Here, it's all spinach...and paneer, of course, which tasted homemade.Shrimp in a Goan curry - The shrimp were a bit small and just slightly overcooked, but the sauce was delectable.Garlic naan - Perfect!Kulfi - We got the pistachio and the mango to share. I normally love kulfi, but this was the only bomb here. The pistachio had that fake green color and very little flavor. I expected a bit of saffron or rose or cardamom, or even pistachio, but couldn't taste much of anything. The mango was better, but nothing special. I would like try some of the other desserts here next time.All in all, this was a delicious meal, and I will be back. And thank you Blackboard Eats, for the 30% off!
Wonderful meal last night, a feast to celebrate our college grad! We picked from the veg appetizers and entrées, and every one was a treat. Friendly attention from the staff and manager (proprietor?) made it a delightful meal, worthy of the occasion.
This place was pretty good! Not quite sure it has almost 5 stars, but it was pretty good, if not a bit forgettable.Got two lunch specials delivered (Bhindi Do Pyaza and the Chana Masala) and both came with the veggies and some rice. Also got summer butter naan on the side. Great flavor and definitely enough food for lunch! Would def recommend.I'd say the only downside is that it's just not that spectacular. I'm always looking for the best indian in the EV (because we all know curry row SUCKS) and while this is good, it's not great.
Food was amazing. If you are looking for authentic Indian food, this place will serve you good. The staff is super friendly.
Love this spot! Consistently good Indian cuisine, compatible to my mother in law's cooking! The staff are very friendly and always checking up on you. We've been here several times and it has never failed us. It can get pretty crowded so be sure to make reservations!
He said it would be 15 minutes,   Gave our table away to a guy who was A bully, don't go, they're not loyal to their customers.
I am not typically an Indian food fan, so when I do indulge it needs to be right and, more importantly, authentic. This place was amazeballs.  It did not disappoint. The food was fresh and flavorful, service was great (once we got in - we had to wait an hour because it was busy as hell) and the owner was amazing in dealing with us. He made us feel like family.I will definitely be coming back!
I normally don't write reviews, but this time I just had to! This is the best Indian restaurant in NYC! They are nothing short of exceptional when it comes to service, food, decor, and overall experience! We have always walked out of here with a smile and appreciation for the owner, who makes it a point to speak to and greet each and everyone of his guests! He is an absolute gem! Eating dinner here is like coming home to our family for dinner. The experience is just one part of it. I have had every item on their menu, from the crunchy veg sampler to the delectable paneer sabji's! The food is absolutely delicious, 5 star in Indian standards! Don't miss out!!!
Great food! Great service. Me and my boyfriend got the chicken tikka masala which we asked to make spicy. We also for chili chicken and garlic naan. The food was all freshly prepared and made spicy to our request! Really good dining experience. I will be back!
The food and atmosphere in this cramped joint are great but I just came here to say that the owner is one of my favorite people in this entire city. After a few interactions he introduced himself to our table thusly: "Do you know who I am? I...am Masala Wala." He's...my new dad
Good's: Little tiny place, good food (90% of the time), your same old regular india food selection with a little kolkata twist. Not so good's: VERY hard to get to if you're coming into the city from mid-town which we usually do. For us, it's always a hike! Parking across the street only after 10pm, before that forget it. Have to park in the garage next door and pay $35 for 1 hour. The place gets VERY loud and rowdy. Generally, you run into the waiters trying to go in or out.
Great place! We (2) had the Samosa Chaat, the Paneer Bhurji Roll, the Paneer Tikka Masala, the Akbari Vegetable Biryani (note: contains whole cardamom kernels), and the peshvari naan. All solid dishes, flavorful, and coming in  generous portions (we took half the roll and most of the biryani home). Very welcoming and attentive owner and staff. May become one of our favorite places.
3.5 stars... Pretty decent food here at decent prices. I think it would've been better if we weren't in such a large group (they're not equipped for that). All the food was pretty tasty but nothing really stood out besides the cauliflower app...I round down because, like other restaurants in the area, they helped themselves to a 20% included gratuity because we were a larger group. I might've been OK with that if the service was better. But it wasn't so...We might go back if we're in the area...
Great service, but I was not impressed with the food. I ordered the lunch special.  Naan was very average, CTM was not so great, soup was alright.  Not sure what to make of my bad experience, given all the great reviews on here.
We were visiting New York this weekend and ended up going to MasalaWala! The service was AMAZING!!!!! We ordered the Samosa Chaat, Pani Puri, and bhelpuri as appetizers! Everything was really good. The samosa chaat was awesome!!We ordered the Aloo Masala Roll and Chana for entrees! The Aloo Masala was really blend and had little to no flavor(if you like spicy food this is not your go to!). The Chana Masala was good! The manager was awesome! He came up and asked us if we enjoyed our food and we recommended that the Aloo Masala roll was blend so he ended up giving us a complete new order of the roll and made sure it was spicy and had taste! Overall I would give this place a 3.5 and the .5 was only because of the awesome service that was provided!!
Pretty good flavor on the chicken saag. Appreciated the free samosa, but it was too salty. Definitely pricey compared to most midrange Indian places. Weird service experience. I ordered chai and reminded them many times and they just wouldn't get to bringing it to me. Chai was great flavor-wise, but too much of a milk film on top.
I think a lot of people will agree with me that a lot of indian food tastes all the same when you're ordering delivery or take out. Not this place though! This is my new go-to spot for indian food. We ordered the chicken vindaloo, lamb rogan josh, garlic naan, the samosa.The samosa was delicious - perfectly flaky and crunchy on the outside but filled to the max on the inside. The chicken vindaloo was good but the highlight was definitely the lamb. It was well cooked, tender, and the curry was just the right level of spice and consistency (not too watery or thick). Garlic naan was also delicious - not too thin like some restaurants. Will deifnitely be back to try the other appetizers and lamb chops!
My boyfriend and I came here last night for our first time trying Indian food. My roommate recommended it and I'm glad that she did! The owner greeted us at our reserved tables and gave us good suggestions for first timers. I had the wala non veggie sampler with a side of their masala mashed potatoes  it was absolutely delicious and very filling. I also loved that it was very mild. My boyfriend had the chicken tikka massala with naan and said he was in love. The waiter and owner were always checking on us to make sure we were more than satisfied. Excellent service  food.
I have found a few Indian restaurants in NYC that I've grown to like but none that I've instantly fell in love with... until now. Everything about this place is perfection. It's a cozy little spot in the LES with a cute interior and a great view of the heavy foot traffic that is so typical of Manhattan. The service is excellent and the prices are great. JeanCarlos V. and I made the genius decision (rare occasion for him) to have lunch here. We were pleased to find out they offer a free veg samosa with a Yelp check-in... so obvi, that's what we did. It was delicious, as were our entrées -- he had the chicken tikka masala and I had the lamb vindaloo. Literally, there are no words to describe how perfectly everything was spiced and how delicious they tasted. Paired very well with their Indian beers too. The MasalaWala will definitely be seeing more of me. I think I found my new go-to Indian spot!
The place was crowded. Service alow and rude except the owner. Anyone who has tasted good chaat and indian fast food would agree that this place doesnt even come close. I have no idea why this place is so highly rated in a food hub like NYC!
Food:It was just Ok I dont know why this place has so many good reviews, food is good but not great and I have been in other places with better food and cheaper than here. My experience:I never felt so unwelcome in my life than here. I really enjoy to go to diner alone and I'm always trying new places.I'm definitely not a cheap person I don't care spend money in food and I like to leave good tips because I know about this business. It doesn't matter if is a table just for 1 you must treat everybody well. even if the food was ok I'm not coming back. I asked to my waiter if I was ordering a lot of food and he said that I was not, when the food came it was too much! he didn't ask me how spicy would I like the dish, he didn't even offer me a drink or dessert. Very disappointing experience
My friends and I were attending a show at the Dixon Theatre. We were looking for a place to grab a bite. We found this place. We were greeted warmly by the waiters and seated quickly. The owner came and greeted us as well. He is a warm, gentle and kind man. He's also very funny and made us laugh. It was one of my friend's first time trying Indian food and she fell in love. The food is very tasty, we had Samosas, dahi puree, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala wraps, garlic naan and my friends had the mango lassi. We ate until we were stuffed. The food is fresh and seasoned well. I am so happy we found this place. I plan to come back in the near future.
The owner was extremely nice and friendly. Definitely go for the dahi puri. You won't regret it!
I've been craving Indian for some time, but haven't been able to find a decent location in the city. You would think that NYC would crank out good Indian food...but the reality is, you actually have to look for it. We were in the area for a show at later at Rockwood and since this was closeby and got decent reviews on yelp, we gave it a whirl. The restaurant has a nice cozy ambience and the staff here were very friendly and easy to talk to. Because my friend has some sort of cool Yelp app, we were able to get a free samosa! Wow, very cool! I don't think that app exists for Window phone users, sigh. FML. We both had a glass of organic tempranillo and I was impressed that they carried organic wine. Nevertheless, my friend still was pretty flushed after only half a glass. I escaped unscathed. LOL. I must be some mutant Asian!My friend ordered a chickpea dish that came with fried bread and I of course, stuck to my favorite dish, malai kofta. For me, that is a measuring stick of how good your Indian cooking is. I have only had this dish cooked right in a handful of places. Malia kofta is a veggie entree. It is vegetarian croquettes cooked in a creamy almond sauce. I must say that this place made it very good. The sauce was creamy with a hint of sweetness. It went well with the pickled aachar on the side. My only complaint is that they charged $2.50 for the acchar (picked veggies). It was a very small dish and most places provide this FREE OF CHARGE. I was not happy to see this on the bill!A nice personal touch was when the owner came by and asked how our meal was. I asked if he was the owner and he pointed to a sign above my head. He, after all, was the "Masala Wallah." Always nice to converse with the owner, makes the experience all that more special!Overall, a good place for Indian even if the prices are a tad high. After all, this is the LES now. It no longer has the identity of tenements and immigrants. This is now an area full of hipsters and trendsetters and apparently, good upscale Indian food.
Absolutely delicious!! I ordered take-out online and it arrived very quickly
Service was 5 stars worthy....sadly the Food only deserves one star at best...as such, overall I'd give this place anywhere between 2 to 3 stars. Though the name of the restaurant is 'Masalawala' (loose translation - spice vendor), the food lacked any and all traces of the usual spices / flavor. The only flavor prevalent in all dishes was garlic. I had gone with such high expectations, unfortunately - I was sorely disappointed. I so so wanted to like this place :(
A little on the bland side in comparison to authentic Indian cuisine, but 4 stars for fresh prep. Garlic naan is awesome. Also, the khati roll is really good. Tamarind tribeca is another venue that offers good food but at much higher price.
Amazing food and fast service!! Masalawala uncle is the best!! Definitely coming back for round 2 of mango kulfi and the ambience. Environment was very homely and one of a kind. Made reservations on a busy Saturday night at 7:30 and table was held off despite people waiting. Overall excellent experience!!
Ordered Chicken Vindaloo to go on a friday night.  Walked into order and the place was packed.  Was very hungry so I figured food might take awhile since the place is packed to the MAX!  My curry cravings kicked in and I decided to stay and order out. Even though the place was packed to the MAX, there was like 2 tables empty and the manager offered to let me sit down on one of the tables while waiting for my takeout order.  As more customers came in, I was feeling guilty for taking up a table so as I was about to stand up and let a eat-in customer take my table, the manager who was so busy still noticed me standing up and told me to just stay and sit tight, until my order was ready.  He gave another table to the customer, and now the place really had no tables empty.  WOW, such great service for just a person ordering out!  I can't wait to come here when I eat - in.The chicken vindaloo has some great heat when I ate it at home, portions are okay, but if you're really hungry you might want to order a extra side of rice or naan. Chicken was pretty moist and not dry.  Curry was not too watered down, and it had some pretty good volume.  My cravings for curry is satisfied..for now.Side note:The Logo of the place reminds me a face on a coin like a nickel or dime.  But the face of the logo actually looks like the owner, which if it is...a cool logo.
Not only were we served like we are coming here for years on our first time, we enjoyed the quite atmosphere and the delicious food. It was simply outstanding - the best Indian food I ever had in New York.
Very decent Indian with lots of vegan options (we were with vegan friends), so I would recommend in that respect. Fresh, flavorful, great variety.  The meat/dairy eaters among us enjoyed the Tikka Rolls, Puri, Paneer Rolls, Mango Lassi and Chana Masala a great deal.What we didn't enjoy was the HORRIBLE service.  Really, truly awful.  We were the first table in the restaurant 15 minutes after it opened, and it took the waiter nearly 30 minutes to take our order. It then took over an hour for all the food to come out in dribs and drabs.  We had a toddler with us and were pretty miffed as we requested everything to come out at once to avoid a naptime disaster, but the waiter really fumbled that one.  What's worse, it took 15 minutes from the time we finally flagged someone down to actually get our check.  Booooo to bad service!  But, I suppose if you are looking for a very laid-back tasty meal, the average group or couple will not mind, so I'll stick to the 4 star review.
This place was great. I went with my Mum and we had the cauliflower and also the tiger shrimp as our appetizers. They were delicious. Highly recommended. For our mains i had lamb rogan josh which was just lovely and my Mum had a slow simmered chicken surry which was also delish! The place is small and cute and the staff are very nice and helpful. The owner was around and checked on us every now and then. He was great and wanted to make sure everything was satisfactory and we were having a good time and a good meal.Would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Very good service and food is pretty good, just be prepared because even the mild is spicy.
I was visiting NYC with my boyfriend last weekend from Chicago and happened upon MasalaWala.  What a great dinner!!!!  We didn't have reservations for dinner on a Sunday night, but lucked out and go a table for 2 during the dinner hours.  I ordered the specialty wala mixed grill - OMG!!!  SO DELICIOUS!!!  The staff at MasalaWala was amazing.  So attentive and the owner was hanging out in the dining room meeting everyone, making sure every person in the restaurant was enjoying their meal. Next time I'm back in the city, I will be eating at MasalaWala.
I don't know about everyone else, but I absolutely hate coming out of a restaurant smelling like what I just ate (like korean bbq).  The best thing about this place is that you don't come out smelling like Indian food!!! I don't know if it was because it was empty when I went, but I'm glad I didn't come out smelling like my tikka masala. The lunch special are AMAZING.  It runs EVERYDAY (how awesome, right?) until 4PM.  I got the chicken tikka masala, my friend got the lamb vindaloo, and some roll thing.  Everything was amazing, except for the roll.  It looks like a mini burrito, Indian style.  The chicken was dry and not flavorful at all.  It was also too spicy for my friend to even finish it actually.  Other than that roll though, my friend  I devoured our food!I think the only downside to this place is that they don't give you naan.  Is it wrong to want rice AND naan?!
This place was incredible! The service couldn't of been better. From the moment we walked in, the door was opened for us. Menus were handed to us instantly. We asked multiple questions about the food, and our server was more than happy to tell us about everything good. We ended up ordering the Chicken Madras and the Lamb Rogan Josh, with a side of Garlic Naan and Chili Cheese Naan.Our food was incredible and filling. The lamb meat was cooked perfectly, while the chicken was very flavorful. The naan was soft, warm, and cooked perfectly as well. But, the best part of our experience here was the grade A service. Our waters were topped off before they could reach the half way point. We were checked on every 5 minutes. The owner introduced himself to us and thanked us for coming in and enjoying the experience of the restaurant. He even gave us a free dessert, which was amazing. It was some sort of creamy mango ice cream that tasted like heaven.I plan on recommending this place to all my friends who want Indian food. The food was incredible, and the service was even better. Nothing better than a place with great food topped with an unparalleled experience!
The food was excellent. Got the manchurian cauliflower fritters, chicken vindaloo, lamb saag, garlic naan, and chai masala. Everything was delicious and service was great.
the short version:  eat here.  food's great.  service is great.  owner's great!the tl;dr version:after searching for an indian restaurant in the soho/bowery area, i landed on the yelp reviews for masalawala.  like many of us yelpers, i consider an average review of 4 or higher worthy of a try. mom requested an indian place for her birthday and after checking out the menu online, we decided to try it.  we were easily able to make reservations for 4 for a friday night.  my father was the first to arrive and they didn't mind that the rest of us were a few minutes late. my family and i are not new to indian cuisine, nor are we afraid of spice, bold flavors or unique ingredients. we've tried jackson diner (good for AYCE buffet lunches if you are alone or a duo and don't have enough people for sharing/variety but this place has much better food!) and we love new chili and curry in hicksville but we needed to find a good nyc indian spot.  we had a difficult time trying to decide what to order because it all sounded so delicous.  my sister, who is lactose intolerant, asked about the chef's ability to leave out cream in certain dishes. the waiter was great help, informing her of her options and the chef's ability to accomodate.  we completely over-ordered (again, it was mom's birthday - why not indulge?  plus leftovers were more than welcome if this place was good.) we started with the kolkata gobi manchurian, the aloo papri chaat, and the lamb bhuna roll.  dad checked us in on yelp, earning us a free veggie samosa.  (the waiter informed us that normally we would've only recieved one free samosa for the table but brought us two instead!)  the lamb kati and chaat were my favorites amongst the apps - the kati was notably not greasy(!) and was packed with perfectly spiced lamb.  the chaat was a delicious cold medley of sweet and savory chickpeas, potatoes and some sort of puffy cripsy pastry that came together perfectly.  my family loved the kolkata (im not a big fan of cauliflower and i still enjoyed it!).  the samosas were not greasy either and quite tasty.after ordering too many appetizers, we were barely able to put a dent in the rest of our meal. we shared the lamb biryani, the chicken saagwala (prepped without dairy for my sister), shrimp konkani, and chicken madras.  we also varied the spiciness of the dishes.  all were fantastic but as expected, we had a lot of leftovers.  dad's madras was spicier than he had anticipated - he requested that it be spicy and spicy he got!  all of the dishes were really well prepared and delectable.  my favorites were the konkani and the madras.  we also ordered garlic and plain buttered naan.  their naan is fluffy and perfect for swiping up all the fantastic sauces.the food was quite delicious but the icing on the cake was a drop-in at the end of our meal by the owner.  he was incredibly friendly and seemed very sincere about making his customers happy.  this is a rarity in nyc restaurants and really was a meaningful gesture.  after my dad expressed interested in ordering a mango-lassi to go (as he had never tried one before), mr. masalawala noted that there were four of us, decided that one lassi wouldn't do. and sent us another one on the house!  (i had the lassi the next day - it was so smooth and creamy; the yogurt didn't overpower the flavor of the mango.  really a delicious treat)as for the service - the waiter was super patient with us as we pored over the menu and, as mentioned previously, was exceedingly helpful to my sister's dietary needs.  we never felt like they were sitting on top of us as mentioned in other reviews.  water glasses were never empty (empty water glasses are a peeve of mine!) nor did we want for anything else!  (maybe more stomach room to fit more yummy food?)finally, the space is very small but packed with personality and flavor.  6 stars for mr. masalawala!
Indian food lovers: look no further. This is an awesome place to eat. I go with my family, or order to my office, it's ALL good. The atmosphere in the restaurant is almost like a cozy cafe, but with an eastern feel that easily becomes the perfect spot for an intimate dinner for two at night. The food is absolutely phenomenal. The lassi is thick and just the perfect amount of sweet, and tastes absolutely fresh. The curries are savory and spicy (although you can specify exactly how hot you want it), and among the best I've ever had anywhere. People who eat curry often will know what I mean when I say it's not a burning heat: but more of a warmth that builds up to that hot glow we all enjoy. The meal tastes like it's been exactly tailored for a unique experience each and every time. The naan is always fresh-made and oh so good (I recommend the paneer- think Indian grilled cheese) and comes in as many different types and flavored as you could imagine. I cannot recommend this place enough! Go eat, drink, and be merry!
So, I really wanted to like this place because people have gone here and enjoyed it.  Here it goes, and I wish I could give it a 2.5 rating instead of 2 - disclaimer!Pros: - Owner was a sweet, kind man who was thoughtful and energetic in asking our party of 8 how the food was- Sev and dahi puri was made well, masala chai was on point- Reasonable prices, convenient location in LES on Essex, open lateCons:- Service was off - waiter was just sort of confused/out there in his way of talking - and disclaimer, Indian restaurants aren't high in their service most of the time- Samosa: too oiley/fried, more taste please same for the paneer tikka masala, and perhaps it was my fault I didn't ask for more tea- Automatic 20% for parties of 6 or more, 20% is high...
Delicious little (and I mean tight) place for tasty Indian foods.  We had the aloo gobi, lamb rogan josh and chicken shawarma which were all perfect to my taste.  Also ordered garlic, sweet and chili cheese nann which were all good. Appetizer of tiger shrimp was a star.
Without a doubt the best Indian food experience I've ever had. The food was spectacular, the price great, and the service some of the best I've experienced. The older gentleman, the MasalaWala himself, was a joy and made my date and I feel as though we were in his dining room with his family. I cannot recommend this restaurant enough.
Me and my friend came here for dinner and the food and service was spot on! The Chicken Tika Masala is exquisite. I've had it twice. The first time was mild and the second time I got it hot. Definitely recommend getting it hot if you like that extra kick, but still delicious either way. The garlic naan bread is also a must have. My only draw back is that the water is served a little on the warm side, but of course ice will change that. All in all, I highly recommend this place. The food and atmosphere is very inviting.
Yum.  This isn't a date place, it's more of a family dinner spot.  Bright lights.  Awesome owner great food.  I would have given it 5 stars but the lights are too bright for me ;)
Service was good however I wish I could say same about the food. OMG. Had dinner there last night and spent an entire night on the toilet downing pepto. Keep on using cheap ingredients and ignore american health codes. Great way to loose the biz. I'm not one of the guys who sues everyone but the way this food made me feel I seriously considered the optionB careful
The golbi something (wish I remembered the name), it's a fusion Indian-Chinese dish, which we got with cauliflower. This is an ABSOLUTE crowd pleaser and a must get. We ordered 2, we loved it so much. The owner is so friendly and genuinely cares about the customer experience and satisfaction.Just come in, ask the server and/or owner for a suggestion, put on your seatbelt, and enjoy the ride. Again, be SURE to order the starter I mentioned above.
Great food !! This is the place for real good Indian food. It's fresh and delicious. I love the chicken tikka masala and the vindaloo(spicy curry). The waiters were very friendly and top of that they gave me and my cousins complimentary mango ice cream. Which was amazing. Overall the food and the service was amazing !! I will be coming back here again.
A "must-go" indian restaurant when u visit NYC.. We ordered vegetarian food and it was just awesome.. We order kolkata gobi manchurian and it was delicious and crispy.. For the entree, we ordered paneer tikka masala and peshawari naan!! Both were yumm!! So pl do try this place when ur in newyork and im sure you wouldnt be disapppointed with veg/meat dishes here..
Loved this place! The chicken biryani rice was great, our free vegetable samosas (with yelp check-in) were great, and the bhature was amazing! I would definitely suggest getting the bhature over naan. The staff was super friendly and quickly accommodated us even though all the tables were full when we got there. The owner even came around to our table and asked us how we enjoyed our food. Overall, a great place, with great food, great service, all at a great price. What more can you ask for?
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner last night (based on the yelp reviews), and it was great! We trekked in from BK in a snowstorm and had no regrets. Food was delicious and waiters were friendly - and patient - as we asked for recommendations and explanations of the giant menu. As we left, the owner (I assume he was the owner), shook our hands and thanked us for coming. You could tell he was really proud his business. It was refreshing and just plain nice. Ps - the cauliflower app is amazing. Must get.
Really tasty Indian food! Their samosas are amazing! Try the cauliflower! A little pricey for the average 20 something who's looking for more than just an entree, but so good and worth it!!
The place is nice and the food good. The meal are not as spicy as in other places so if you like spicy ask for more. Their offer on free samoussa are only valid on Vegies so be aware. We just want to love this place but we much prefer when breast chicken pieces are used for curries rather than fatty pieces. Not sure we will be back
Such a great place that serves amazing Indian food. I went here for the first time with a friend and we loved every bite! We started with the Tandoori malai tiger shrimp. Ahhhh-mazing! They sprinkled it with cilantro and the sauce they use is on point. I had the Malak paneer, so yummy and not greasy at all. Our waiter Haque was very friendly and attentive. Great service, excellent food, will definitely be coming back!
The masala is vey authentic and spicy ( I can tolerate a very spicy, but their medium was enough for me) I would call it the true taste of indian spices like back home. Ambience is cozy with limited space ( this is New York)Service was very good and attentive ( sometimes a bit too much, I like my privacy too! ) The owner/chef  ' The Masalawala' is a very nice and experienced man. He went around all tables allowed asking about the food. Nice gesture. Food is excellent! Has to be if it wants to survive the cutthroat New York restaurant competition. Four stars as the owner asked me for five stars which I think was a little too much ( consumers should have their own say ... Shouldn't be coerced into rating) otherwise I would have given it a five star.
Came here last month for my monthly guy buddies date. Kenny C. chose this restaurant after someone mentioned Indian at our Don Antonio pizza date. When we arrived, the restaurant was empty and the waiter still asked if we had a reservation which was weird...We ended up ordering two appetizers to share, samosas and the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian which is deep fried cauliflower coated in the exact same pink/orange sauce you would find on General Tso's Chicken. Actually did kind of taste like General Tso's Chicken only it wasn't chicken. They brought out the appetizers on paper plates and gave us paper plates to use which isn't eco-friendly and/or classy much. They gave us our garlic naan prior to our entrees arriving which kind of sucks cause it was cold when we finally got to dip them in the curries. Everyone except me seemed to enjoy their dish. I decided to go vegetarian that night and ordered the Calcutta Ghugni 'n Puri which I don't recommend unless you like greasy puffed bread. I would say my highlight of the meal was the mango lassi which was super delicious and thick. Based on a whim from watching Eat, Pray, Love for like the 10th time recently even though the movie is SO BAD, I wanted to order a Thumbs Up which is suppose to be like regular coke on steroids to share. The waiter convinced us to get the Masala Soda instead and pretty much no one really drank more than a sip or two. It really was not to our taste. The owner came around at one point and was really cordial asking if we enjoyed our meal and of course you say you do to be polite and not be mean. Service can be a little slow because it seems like both waiters were sharing one iPad to take the orders.
Was really excited to check this place out since it advertises Indian street food, and it got me craving the street side snacks I'd get in downtown Karachi when I was a kid. And was thrilled that it opened right in my hood, a 5 min walk! Also, I was looking for a good Indian restaurant since I've been so disappointed one too many times (see my review on Nirvana).I wasn't overly pleased. We ordered a bunch of appetizers to share. The papri chaat, which I was most excited about, wasn't anything exciting. It could have had a bit more flavor and it was weird that they put those skinny crunchy things on it. I didn't find it to be as authentic and it wasn't fresh tasting either. We then had the chicken samosas which also were not that great. They mixed the mint and imlee chutneys together which was kind of odd, I always have them separate, so there wasn't as much variety. And the chicken on the inside wasn't clean tasting, seemed like there was a lot of dark meat in there, no thank you. Lastly, the chicken tikka kati roll used good chicken and it was seasoned well, but I wasn't blown away. It was probably the tastiest thing I had but a Kati roll for $6 is a rip off - may as well go to Curry row and get a whole entree for that price.I had the masala chai which was well made and I definitely enjoyed that. I wanted Masalawala to be my new favorite place in my neighborhood, but was let down. I'm not saying it's bad, but it's not the best, and definitely is not the truly authentic Indian meal I am continuing to seek in this bustling city.
Delicious fresh Indian food. Absolutely great service. Mr.Wala, the owner, also takes a great deal of effort to make everyone feel like his personal close friend, and will come by and ask if there is anything he can personally do for you. Sometimes he over does it, and ends up interrupting my girlfriend and I multiple times mid meal and conversation to be friendly and chat, but overall it's always been a positive experience.Overall I care about food--- and this one always hits the right spots. Ps. The samosa's are personally the best appetizer they make.
This place is amazing! The owner, aka The MasaWala, is a warm and welcoming presence. He makes you feel like family the minute you walk through the door. Try the chef specials and ask for recommendations, the wait staff will not steer you wrong.
I love Indian food and this was perhaps the best I've ever had. Do not miss out on the delicious cauliflower appetizer. If you like spicy food, which I do, be sure to order your entres "spicy." The waiter tried to discourage me but it was just perfect level of spiciness -- I've had WAY spicier Indian food. Only downside is that the bottles of wine are pretty pricy $30+. There were no cheaper options.
Just discovered this cute Indian restaurant. Started with gobi manchurian and asst. non veg apps. Lamb rogan josh, chicken tikka masala, and chicken jalfeezi as our entrees were all perfectly seasoned. Mango and pistachio kulfi for dessert are freshly made at the restaurant. Great service and the owner came over to chat with us and recommend dishes..he was delightful!!  He is the "The Masalawala".  A must try for delicious Indian food!
For entrees, I ordered the chicken vindaloo, the chicken korma, the goat rogan, garlic nan, roti, and the golbi (cauliflower) Chicken vindaloo was good; medium spicy,  The chicken korma is a sweeter curry; non spicy, the goat rogan is medium spicy with a very slight goat taste. All were very delicious but I would prefer vinadloo. Each of these order came with a medium size bowl of flavored bastami rice.Garlic nan (4pcs) had real garlic and roti tasted fresh but nothing special. The golbi for app; tasted and looked like sweet and sour pork; without the intense sweet or sour taste; had a bit of a smoky taste. Great for first time ordering but I would order other things if I go back.We ordered the infamous chaiwala tea-- it tasted smooth and if anyone have had the authentic "panty hose milk tea" in asia, this is the exact same taste. We got the mango ice cream which tasted creamy, milky and more like papaya. In addition, the pistachio ice cream , nothing special. I would skip the dessert. For 5 people eating, it was enough.Compared to Malai Marke, this place is equal in taste but Masalawala is better in price because they actually give you rice with your order! The service is also outstanding, water get filled without asking. The place is small but very accommodating. Unlike Malai Marke, you get a little more room at your table.
Amazing service and delicious food! Had a wonderful bday celebration for a friend here. I am definitely coming back with my family.
Great Indian cuisine. Great service. You can make a reservation or just walk in as it isn't that busy on a Sunday late morning early afternoon for brunch, since it isn't that busy. The staff greets you like family, while playing a soft cultural music which is so relaxing and enjoyable.
Never disappointed. Love the chicken and lamb vindaloo, buttered naan, and china saagwala. Delivery takes a few minutes but it's worth it.
Food was not that good.. Mango lassi was not flavorful at all. The shrimp coconut dish i had tasted like lemons. It was $22 for my dish, $5 for the lassi, $4 for nasn... I expected it to be decent. Probably wouldnt order again. Delivery was on time though.
I have gone back to this place. Not the same, the prices went up drastically, they no longer have the choice menu and it has gone way up in price. I have not gone back there since so I can't tell you if the food has changed.
Although the wait was long they gave us free dessert. LA visits NY and I am very pleased with the food. I recommend this place to anyone. The food was well served and the garlic naan was made fresh. The owner welcomed us promptly and was very kind. I suggest calling in before to make a reservation because they are always packed.
Love the owner. Super friendly service, great lamb, amazing garlic naan. The naan is very fluffy - never had it like this before. Amazing mango lassi. Yum. Packed when we left around 9pm.
Its a nice little place in the lower east side of ny, but the place is very well decorated and very lively for such a small restaurant. the owner and the staff were very nice. we ordered a beer when while we waited to be seated and out of the blue they came outside and gave us a complimentary mango smoothie drink on the house! and it was delicious too! The service was an awesome start to a very delicious dinner. their lamb masala and garlic/onion nan bread left the best impression for me. service A++. food A++
The owners  staff are all quite nice  very helpful. They gave me a free taste of some mango lassi  a free order of naan, which were both quite good.For my meal, I had a kati roll w/ chicken  egg and chicken vindaloo w/ basmati rice. I got the kati roll spicy, but it wasn't bad at all. Figuring the vindaloo would follow the same pattern, I also ordered it spicy. I was wrong -- it was intense, but manageable. I was still able to enjoy my food, and I loved the spice.Interestingly, their plates  bowls are biodegradable  the utensils are made from recycled sugar cane. I love their eco-conscious efforts, but I prefer to eat my food w/ actual silverware.The prices seemed on par w/ other Indian places, such as Panna II or Milon, a few blocks away. The menu to build a bowl was slightly confusing. It made it seem like I get both rice  naan w/ my vindaloo bowl, but you only actually get one or the other. Overall, a great experience. I definitely recommend.
Food:~Pakora basket (3 stars): veggie fritters and veg samosa.  All 3 varieties were certainly fried up fresh.  The paneer pakora was definitely my least favorite, and the samosa could have been fried up a little bit more.  But the chutney was wonderful, and I wish I had more!  And I wish there were more peas than potatoes in the samosa.  Flavor-wise, these were great, but execution was a bit lacking.  Fun if you're craving a samosa (like I was) and if you'd like a sampler.  $8~Lamb curry box lunch special (3.5 stars): with naan, rice, and curried vegetables.  Again, flavorwise, this was pretty good.  We both wished it was spicier.  Well, we just wished it was spicy, period.  But the lamb was mostly tender, which was a strong point.  However, the naan tasted rather stale, as if it had been made yesterday and then fried/baked up again today. $10Drink:~Masala Chai (4 stars): solid chai!  Very cardamom-y, and definitely the best thing we had there. $3 (small cup)Wait:~none for 2 at 2:30pm, Friday.  The place was empty except for another couple, who finished about halfway through our meal.~service was fine, and water was refilled at appropriate times.~decorations were nice, and I could see it being fun at nightNot really worth the hype, but good if you're craving some Indian snacks or chai.
Place is excellent!  Owner is an incredibly nice gentleman as well.  He took the time to come over and say hello, and he seemed to really take pride in his establishment.  I can't remember what it was called,  but we got a dish with spins he and chicken and it was incredible.  Chicken tikka was also very good.  Would definitely recommend!
Instantly my favorite Indian food spot, from the food, to the service, to Mr. Masala himself. Great environment for a small place.. Tight seating coincidently flows into a "homey" type feeling. Food was also very pleasurable but what made me love this place was Masala being so welcoming and talkative. Very nice and wonderful person, great and tasteful food. I'm glad I ever came here and will definitely be going there again... And again....and again. Thank you!
Very good.A new place that smelled great upon entering.  Went on a Monday night and the service was good, albeit not many people were there.The food was very good, biriyani was spicey!! but delicious, tikka maslala was also very good.Reasonably priced with a very nice owner who seems to take pride in his place.One knock if I had any would be that the portions are smaller than I'm used to at Indian places.  Still, very good, and would definitely go back again.
I never write reviews...but I swear...maybe the best Indian food I have ever had. The owner came over and asked if I was happy...I told him how I felt...he put his hand to his chest and smiled and said that Ames him happy...and he "expects 5 stars...maybe 6"...so since I can only give 5....boom....here it is. So yummy.
Came here for some vegan fare and it was absolutely excellent! There were a lot of great vegan options that were clearly marked. They were even able to modify a non-vegan dish to make it vegan. Everything was very flavorful. The owner came by to check on us. They seem to take pride in offering great food, freshly made every time.
Amazing food! I had palak paneer with garlic naan and rice which was delicious. Portions were slightly large, but that's good since I always enjoy having left overs. Staff was incredibly attentive and friendly. Also met the owner who is a great guy. We had delicious complimentary pistachio ice cream which was super yummy. Will definitely come here again and order from here for take out too!
I can't even start to describe how amazing this place is! As the real 'Masalawala' uncle said, it truly felt like having 'home-cooked food! Being an international student in the United States, I miss home cooked food! This place took to me back to the time when my mom cooked my favorite dishes just the way I like it! Truly satisfying and content!! And the Mango Kulfi is so yummm!!!!
DELICIOUS Indian food, great service and a wonderful owner. I would definitely return and recommend to all my friends!
Went here on a whim and the food exceeded our expectations. They had brunch specials and lunch specials that were reasonably priced. I would definitely recommend this place.
I ordered the Chicken Tandoori and it was very tender and juicy. The service was great and the staff was very friendly. The waiter forgot one of our dishes but gave it to us on the house later on when we mentioned it. However, the price was a little overpriced but great atmosphere overall.
Had a FANTASTIC time here!! The owner and waiters were so wonderful, fun and a joy to be around. The food was delicious, speedy and the whole atmosphere was a warm and familial. Definitely will be coming here again soon!
Its a charming little place. I liked the service very much. The owner was very friendly and made it a point to greet us personally. The owner (Mr Masalawala) was very accommodating in a very friendly way even though we were late for our reservation.  The food was good, although I would recommend you to ask them to make it spicy if you like spicy food.
Good Indian/Pakistani food is hard to come by in all the places in the US I've lived in.  I was visiting NY last weekend, and my sis and I were craving Indian food.  Luckily, we happened to be lurking around the LES and found The MasalaWala was nearby.  Perfect!  First off, I'd highly recommend making reservations since their space is small, and the place fills up quickly.  First, we ordered the veggie appetizer platter.  I concur with Saad M's assessment on how awesome this was, particularly the cottage cheese.  I've had better pakoras, but these were pretty good.  Entree wise, chicken seemed to be the theme, as we ordered chicken saag wala and the chicken tika masala.  The thing that really annoys me about most Indian restaurants is how everything is "watered" down for the American palate, and how everything begins to taste the same after a while.  Both of these dishes were awesome!  You could actually taste the masala and other spices and the creaminess of each dish.  Both also had a little "kick" to them.  Portions do not look too big, but this was very deceiving as I was stuffed after my meal.  Service here was nothing short of exceptional.  My water glass was never less than half full, and they were super fast and getting the food out.  There's a gentleman, who I believe is Roni the owner, who lurks around to make sure your dining experience is a memorable one.  Really nice and friendly guy!  In any case, The MasalaWala is definitely on the list for places to hit whenever I'm in the city.
What a great find!  The spices are great!  The naan fresh and fluffy!!  I ordered the Chili chicken (Indo-Chinese) and the Lamb Khuna roll. Both were flavored just right. The chili chicken was sweet and tangy with charred but crisp peppers and onions. The lamb was succulent and tender and spiced just right with coriander (cilantro) and onions in a flaky roti. The chili cheese naan was stuffed with a great amount of cheese and was still fresh and fluffy. I could eat more for sure but I'm stuffed!!  Will definitely be a repeat customer!!
During the course of our NYC trip, we usually try to pair our choice of eateries near the destination of whatever sightseeing location is on the agenda. Bf had a strange craving for Indian food so we actually made the trip out here just for dinner on a Saturday night. He found this place thanks to Yelp and the food definitely impressed us (and was budget friendly as well!). - Dilli Aloo Tikki: I love potato croquettes so it was nice to try the Indian style. I liked it, had a bit of heat though. - Chicken Tikki Masala: SO YUM! And the portion size was really generous. I loved the basmati rice and the sauce was so creamy and delicious. Bf commented that this place's tikki masala sauce may be the best he ever had. - Masalawala Biryani w/lamb: This dish was spicy! The presentation sorta reminded me of fried rice. Taste wise was okay, I definitely preferred the tikki masala more! This place is definitely a gem! But I think they do have some service kinks to work out. Seems like there is really only 1 server running the floor and sometimes, he seemed a bit frazzled. And while the decor of the place is lovely, I found it strange that our menus are takeout menus and some of the dishes are served on paper plates. This place is pretty tiny also, so I highly recommend reservations to ensure a table. I did like that the staff was realistic about wait time and actually suggested to a couple to go the Katz's around the corner so they wouldn't have to wait forever! NY return factor: High! One of my favorite meals I had in the city.
I've been looking for a go-to Indian place for when I want a casual North Indian meal and I think I've found it at Masalawala. First of all, this place is actually quite cute inside. There were couples on casual dates and groups of friends. Its not a greasy spoon, but nor is it fancy Indian food so my review is based on this being a nice, normal, weeknight place where you can satisfy cravings for garlic naan and palak paneer. The owner (THE Masalawala) is a kindly Indian uncle who will come to your table and check up on you. I've never received this kind of good service at an Indian restaurant before. He is genuinely happy that you are eating there and seems eager to offer suggestions on the menu. The menu has all the North Indian classics - chicken tikka, chana masala, etc, as well as a good chaat and kathi roll selection. The mango kulfi for dessert was delicious also. Food came out quick and servers were very nice. Would definitely recommend it!
Amazing Indian food. There are so many options to try out. Come with a large appetite. Friends and I love going here. Owner is great! Staff are always so helpful. Definitely a place to try!! So worth the trip to LES.
I came to The MasalaWala for a friend's birthday party and definitely recommend the restaurant if you are looking for an affordable night out. Our total with tax + tip was $26 which is a great deal anywhere in the city - plus most of us checked in to get the free samosa! The waiters were very patient guiding our table through the different dishes and taking pictures. The owner also stopped by to check in with our group and greet the birthday girl!
This place was great. Showed up just before seven asking for a table for five and, although they were pretty busy, the owner gladly moved some things around and set us up at a table. The service was excellent as was the food. We had the sampler platter, which was small but tasty - the jumbo shrimp were my favorite. All of out dishes were great too - would definitely recommend this place for dinner.
The food came out at the perfect pace. Staff was friendly and we did not have to ask once for a water refill. The food was one of the best I have had for Indian cuisine. Definitely get the chili chicken for appetizers. All the chicken entrees are good and not over spiced.
Best Indian food hands down. Owner is a sweetie and let us try the mango icecream which is divine. Small, crowded and completely worth it for the cleanest tasting, authentic Indian Cuisine in Manhattan.
Visiting NYC with family, Best Indian food I have so far. service is awesome and the best service ever I have experienced in any Indian restaurant in USA, the owner from Kolkata is super friendly and has fabulous hospitality skills. Definitely recommended it, worth the $.
Delicious! Fresh garlic naan bread is fantastic. It's small and right, but very cozy and a bit romantic. Some of the best Indian food I've had in NY!
Delicious. $8 lunch special, I ordered the Paneer Tikka Masala. Absolutely delicious.
Great food and excellent service. The owner stopped by several times and personally checked in on us. The food was authentic and amazing to the last bite.
I came here with my girlfriend for a weekday dinner. The kolkata gobi manchurian is fantastic and really flavorful. Garlic naan here is probably the best I've had in NYC - definitely try it. The chicken tikka masala was good, but could do with a higher ratio of chicken / stuff to sauce.
This has absolutely become one of my favorite restaurants in the city! My boyfriend and I love indian food and have finally found a restaurant that exceeded our expectations. The moment we walked in, we received a warm welcome from who we believe may be the owner. I asked what his name was for reference, but he told me to call him "MasalaWala" haha. Our server (also great) was really helpful and patient with us and our many questions. Everyone was super pleasant and made us feel right at home. We ordered the sampler appetizers (veg and non-veg), lamb vindaloo, chicken shahi korma, garlic naan bread and wala kulfi for dessert. Everything was extraordinary! Service is A1, Food is A1, Ambiance is A1... I highly recommend visiting MasalaWala... You will not be disappointed!
MasalaWala has great Indian food at reasonable prices in a cute spot.  I came here for dinner with a friend, and we both left satisfied.I recommend coming here during happy hour - in addition to cheap drinks, they also have great deals on appetizers and small plates.  I cobbled together a meal of samosas, pakoras, kati rolls, and naan for just $10, and it was definitely enough food for me.  My friend got the regular order of chicken tikka masala, which I tasted - very flavorful and appropriately spicy.  The portions weren't generous, but still left us full and happy.This would be a nice spot for a date, as it's small enough to feel intimate without being too cheesy.  It has outdoor seating, though we sat inside - that was a mistake, as it can get rather toasty indoors.  It's well-lit and decorated with an interesting mix of artwork and spices.  The service was great; the owner (I think?  Or maybe the head chef?  Anyway, he was someone important) even came out to greet us during our meal and ask us how everything was.Overall, this is a great, affordable place to check out in LES.  It's not the best Indian food I've ever had, but it's well worth the cheap prices.  Looking forward to coming back.
So I ordered lamb vindaloo and garlic naan for take out from this place. It's definitely the best tasting vindaloo I've ever tasted. I'm no Indian food expert but this place was beyond my expectations. So flavorful and delicious. It was perfect just amount of spices! The garlic naan is also to die for! Must try this place!
Big win for the indian street cart food! The indian/chinese is good too, followed by the regular indian good. Service is warm and friendly. Wish this place was in my neighborhood! I'd be a regular...oh wait maybe then its good that its not in my hood :)
I'm a sometimes-vegan, and my boyfriend won't have a meal without meat, and we could never agree on where to go out or order from, this place solved our problems! The vegan and vegetarian options are delicious. The cauliflower appetizer (basically gen tso's cauliflower) is to die for! I usually get the Chana Masala, which is great. Once I got the yellow lentil dish and it was not good at all (hence the missing star). But everything else is fantastic!
Preface/background: I am now more focused on quality and am always looking for a great deal (read: value). Less meat, no more 2 Chipotle burrito eating.Came here and had ordered the Dal Tadka (lentils with herb, garlic, and cilantro). Also tried some of the Lamb Shahi Korma, which was basically lamb and some cashews and almonds. The latter was probably one of the most unique dishes I've ever tasted, Indian or not. Also had the butter naan and the garlic naan.I liked them both - the Dal Tadka was a bit light but the garlic and cilantro came through in the taste. It tasted like lentil soup, but had the extra kick of garlic which was a pleasant taste. The Lamb Shahi Korma was bold and was almost sweet and creamy with the added savory almonds and the cashews.The naan was good, not the best naan I've had, but still chewy and tasty. The garlic naan was very garlicky and it could've been a dish by itself. I didn't quite like eating the garlic naan with anything else because it was so flavorful itself that it almost outshone the dish. I enjoyed the butter naan because it complemented the lamb and the dal dishes.All in all, I'll come back, and it's probably one of the better Indian food places I've had - but nothing separates it from the pack of other very good Indian food spots.I'd recommend, or even give a thumbs up, facebook style (shoot, am I allowed to say that?...)
Amazing food and best service. The owner gives personal attention to each customer. Go to Masalawala to experience the true authentic indian food. PS: Definitely try their malai kofta and chola bhatura!!!
this was the first Indian restaurant I've been to. I must admit after eating here I became a believer. I like spicy foods so I had the vindaloo. Service was really great as well. Thanks so much
Yummmy!!!!!!!!!!!! Loved this place!!! It's a cute little Indian restaurant filled with all of the traditional Indian goodies and some chaat options as well! We went with a big group of about 12 people and they did a great job of accommodating our noisy, can't decide what to order and talk till they drop group wonderfully. We stayed there for over 4 hours and not once did they make us feel unwelcome!Now most importantly to the food! I feel in Manhattan it is hard to get good chaat, but the chaat here is very good. We had the samosa chaat and the aloo tikki chaat which were similar but delicious. My friend had the malai kebab and it was so soft and mouth watering good. Everything from the soups to the chai to the kathi rolls were delicious. The prices are also reasonable and two people can share a 5 course thali (plate) for $15. In fact the waiter tells you that its too much food for one person. You can't get a better deal than that....$15 for 2 people where they give you 5 different courses.....my cheap Indian soul is so happy!!If you're looking for good Indian food that won't break the bank go here!!
Good stuff! The owner was really nice, the food was delish, and the service was quick. I'd go back for sure!
5 stars because the owner was so nice at the end and gave us free mango ice cream that was his favorite. He really added a charming personal touch to the meal. Service was fast. I liked the chicken tikka, deal, and aloo Gobi we had. It wasnt cheap but it was satisfying and the LES doesn't have many Indian spots.
This place has really really good curry. Get the lamb chop curry (not on the menu). It's super creamy and the lambs are from Australia-- very tender.
The MasalaWala is wonderful! The service was great and the food was fresh and delicious. They were super accommodating for our large group of eight, but I'd definitely recommend a reservation if you have more than two as the place is pretty small. I haven't tried much Indian food, but our waitress gave great recommendations after I told her what kind of food I like (not too spicy, love good veggies). The owner came out to chat with us and he is SUCH a gem. I want to return just to hang out with him! This restaurant is very reasonably priced and a great spot to grab dinner before hitting bars in the LES. Also, they have happy hour beer and wine specials, so aim to arrive before that ends! Our whole group left happy and full.
Went here for a Saturday night meal, picked due to location to where I was staying and a craving for Indian foodAtmosphere in this small place was great, very vibrant with the owner and staff all REALLY attentive and eager to help with the menu. Had yet to have a curry in American anywhere near as good as those found everywhere in the UK, but this place changed all that! The lamb madras was actually spicy, as it should be. The garlic naan was delicious, light and buttery. The chaat, as others have said, was amazing and the spinach side was equally tasty and perfectly cooked.Cannot overstate how much I've wanted a decent Indian meal since coming to the US and finally MasalaWala was the one that delivered.It seemed pretty busy, so I'd recommend booking, but don't hesitate to try this out. Fresh, spicy, full of flavour. Excellent!
Really good stuff served here, it's in a prime location in LES, so this is a good place to have dinner if your planning on spending the night downtown clubbing or playing bar fly, I had the Chicken Vindaloo w/ garlic Naan, both were great, the sauce was awesome, I asked for it to be extra spicy and they delivered, the only reason I couldn't give them an extra star was because the quality of the chicken was cheap, I have this terrible habit of inspecting every chicken dish I order at any restaurant and anytime I get that dark heavy gristle type of meat like the kind that's always served at Chinese restaurants in the malls I view that as no bueno. However my gf ordered a fish dish that was very hearty and good quality fish, she isn't the biggest Indian food fan and she loved this place and her dish.The owner came over to greet us and he was awesome and very engaging the dude even gave me a hug! Seriously. I would definitely come back to this place and next time I do I will probably try a vegetarian dish and let MasalaWala earn another star.
Was yelping an Indian place in LES and this one came up with great and plentiful reviews. As a new iPhoner I thought it would be novel to redeem the "free samosa with entree" upon check-in. This worked out well and the samosa was great. The entrees were really yummy, too. Even lots of good Indian places serve tough lamb; here it was soft and very, very tender. A+ on that. Tandoori half-chicken was nicely spiced. Note: here, "spicy" actually is spicy, so if you like things flavorful but not hot, go for "medium."Most importantly, the Masala Wala himself was on the premises, jolly and proud of his place, checking in with all guests and making sure everything was going well.Well, he won us over! We'll totally be back.
Absolutely wonderful! I really can not say enough. We began with the Chattwala which was the perfect combination of sweet and savory in a crunchy bite. Vindaloo Curry, and the Lucknow. Both were wonderful in combination with the buttered Nann. I would highly recommend this resturant to everone! Thanks MasalaWala for a perfect meal!
Not often do I go to the city and especially out to eat for Indian food, but my friends found this place and wanted to try it. We had "yelped" it and right away I saw 4.2 stars, so we were very excited! I wish I had read the reviews and maybe see who was writing the reviews.As an Indian person, I have to say this place is 1 out of 10, 1 being horrible. The only good thing about this place, were the prices. We decided to order a bunch of appetizers because everything looked so good: gobi manchurian, chili chicken, papdi chaat, pani puri, and some chai (indian tea). The chili chicken had absolutely no taste. The pani puri barely had any filling and no masala or flavor. The gobi manchurian was actually very good (the only good thing). We must have waited 20-25 minutes for the chai (which was 2 orders). We had to repeatedly ask for it; Ive never seen it take that long to make it. After having appetizers we were ready to pay and get out of there, but some friends decided lets try a couple other things just in case. So we ordered the lamb kebab box and paneer bhurji roll. The paneer bhurji roll was so dry and tasteless. I was actually excited to try the lamb, but the second I put it in my mouth I wanted to spit it out. There was too much of the wrong spice, is how we described it. The spices were raw and the lamb was crumbly. After that we were done. We asked for the bill, paid and left.I would never recommend this place to anyone especially someone who loves Indian food or wants to try it. We ordered such simple dishes and even that was messed up. I can definitely cook all this food better than they can. I would rather pay more money and get decent Indian food then go to this place ever again.
We had a fantastic dinner here. The food was amazing and not too oily. Just the right amount of spice. It was very well presented. The restaurant is very clean and has a good atmosphere. The staff were friendly and the service were efficient. I'd highly recommend this Indian restaurant.
Amazing! The food was great, and there were a ton of vegetarian options. Plus, the owner was really friendly and gave us free dessert and dessert wine as a "happy new year" surprise. Pretty affordable too. We got a bottle of Riesling for $20! Would definitely return if I lived in New York.
The food was amazing and the wait staff was very attentive.  I had the chicken tikki masala.  It was seasoned to perfection and the butter / garlic nan taste great.
Best Indian in the city.My husband and I love Indian food and we have eaten at many, many restaurants here, around the country, and even abroad. Masala Wala is our favorite Indian restaurant in New York.The flavors are authentic and the food is made fresh with care and attention. Everything we tried was good right down to the chutneys and rice. Our favorite dish was the Gobi Manchurian. This is not an easy dish to get right, as we've found out, but the cauliflower fritters were crispy outside and soft inside, and the sauce was just right. The Chana Bhature was exquisite as well. The chickpeas were soft and could almost melt in your mouth, and the gravy was, again, just perfect. I was most surprised by the bhatura, which is always too heavy with grease for me to eat more than a few bites of, but at Masala Wala, it was not like that at all. It was clearly fried but somehow still very light. As everyone else has said, the owner is very friendly. He remembered us from our first time visiting (as did the waiter) and he offered for us to try his favorite dish on the menu. It was very nice of him.My husband and I had been looking for our go-to Indian restaurant for over a year, but now we have found it!
I really really wanted to like this place -- I love chaat and street food and was so excited to try it.  Unfortunately, the chaat was dry and so were the kati rolls - both just needed more chutneys and spices.Maybe the entrees would be better but I was really hoping for excellent chaat..
Great Indian food. The server was warm and friendly, and the food came out quickly and hot.Definitely take advantage of the free samosa if you check in through yelp. Ordered the vegetable samosa, and a little small - but flavorful, moist, and rich/flaky texture. The dipping sauce was also great, not too spicy but had just the right amount of kick to it.I was recommended the chicken tikka and lamb shahi korma as the most popular dishes and went with the lamb. It was creamy, rich, and flavorful - I huge recommendation (not spicy). My friend ordered the Dal Tadka (lentils and cilantro) that I thought was an okay counterbalance to the richness of the lamb - but I thought it was okay, a really mild tasting side dish at best. I guess lentils are healthy :PThe naan was great too - ordered the buttered and garlic naan and came out piping hot, fresh, and chewy. One of the best Indian restaurants I've been to in NYC - and no wait on a Sunday night. I also tried the Chai which was rated the best by The Tasting Table - small cup, but wasn't disappointed - had a good mix of distinct tastes you could pick up, wasn't overpowering, but just a good mild cup of chai.
Had the most enjoyable dinner here last night. I used a gilt dinner deal. The owner welcomed us and was warm, friendly and inviting. We ordered the tiger shrimp and the caulifower (gobi manchurian) - Amazing!! For entrees, we ordered the lamb rogan josh and the chicken madras - Flavorful and Delicious! (not as spicy as the apps but next time, we'll ask them to increase the hotness). Garlic naan is a must. Dessert was a cottage cheese in milk which I enjoyed, even tho I normally wouldn't have ordered. We also had the bottle of malbec and it was so good we ordered a 2nd one. I really, really like this place. The food is fantastic. I will be back!!
I love coming here. The food is really phenomenal and the owner who is always in there is the nicest man. They serve really great Indian food which you can expect to pay a little bit more for but it is absolutely worth it. Everything I've tried here is very very good but what sticks out the most in the cauliflower appetizer. It sounds strange but it is really delicious and totally worth trying. Whenever I come here I can expect to eat a truly delicious, authentic meal
Best lamb vindaloo I've ever had!! Samosas (both chicken and veggie) and palak paneer were done really well. Super great staff and friendly atmosphere. Love the location too, this place is so close to great shops like Russ and Daughters and Katz. I was able to stop in and grab some stuff to take home.
I came upon this place wandering the Lower East Side (and because Mission Chinese had an hour and a half wait) and have to say it's a great find. Wasn't trying to get too spicy so stuck to the very safe Chicken Tikka Masala and some kati rolls. Roti was hot out the oven and not too thin, which I liked. Also, check in this place on Yelp and you get free samosas!
Great spot for a quick pre-concert bite.  Don't miss the salmon tikka (the MW's own personal favorite, he confided after our order had arrived): large, tender, beautifully seasoned chunks of fish accompanied by sauteed onions and peppers.  Wash it down with a glass of sauvignon blanc.  The only off note was the raita, which we ordered on the fly to cool the heat of the lamb kakori kebab.  The raita was orange in color, not white, and oddly sweet, not tangy, as we had been expecting.The Masala Wala is the host with the most!
Great food and excellent service!To start my boyfriend and I had the vegetable samosa, and the Wala no-veg sampler. The sampler was ok and veg samosa good. Next we shared the Lamb Rogan Josh which was AMAZING, along with basmati rice and the cheddar chili naan. The flavors were so good and the cheddar chili naan delicious.  Between the appetizers and the one main dish we were stuffed! Service was exceptional, and the staff was courteous and attentive. I'd definitely recommend for date nights, small gatherings, or if you want good food.
Recommendations: Aloo Papri Chaat for appetizer and the Murgh Dahiwala and Aloo Gobi for the entrees.
Awesome little date spot.  Foods great, service is good, and very straight forward authentic Indian food.  Get the garlic naan!  Shoutout to The MasalaWala..friendly and genuinely interested in your opinion!  Definitely will be back!
The food was excellent, especially the lamb chops.  However, you should come to meet The MasalaWala himself - perhaps the friendliest and most involved restauranteur in the world.  He definitely takes a personal interest in every customer and makes sure your food is what you wanted.  I cannot think of the last time I had a more pleasant dining experience.  Go!
I've had masalawala on my bookmarked list for a while. Finally, I decided to get some take out for lunch. Ordered my usual chicken tikka masala. It was ok. It was a smaller portion but was also a cheaper price. They served it with peppers still in the sauce, which i havent seen anywhere, so that surprised me. and the sauce itself wasn't the best. But I've definitely had worse chicken tikka masala elsewhere. The following week I was getting together with a group of friends and they decided to go here. I was skeptical but figured maybe dine in dinner would be better than take out lunch. It was. I ordered the malai kofta to try something different. It had nuts and raisins in it which I haven't experienced before, but I enjoyed it. There were about 10 or 11 of us. Everyone enjoyed their entrees and the appetizers we had ordered. The owner or manager was very accommodating. We were there for over two hours without any problems. It's a small restaurant so if you're a large party I'd suggest a recommendation. Lastly, they had a cauliflower appetizer that was delicious. DELICIOUS. Get that.
Way above the typical Indian fare.  Food was exceptional. Each dish was distinctive and well prepared.  Servers were extremely welcoming and helpful with the ordering.  This is a warm, family run restaurant.  The room is small but comfortable.  Prices are reasonable especially the early bird drinks and appetizers. Run to this place.
Been here a few times now and it's the best Indian in the neighborhood by far. The owner is very friendly and food is consistent and delicious. Favorites:Lamb VindalooChicken TikkaMalai KoftaGarlic Naan
Came here the other night with a big group of friends. Unlike most Indian places I've ever been to they were actually quite busy and had a modern decorated space while serving exclusively traditional Indian fare. Prices were reasonable (most meals were $14-18), and portions were great. The waiter lost my girlfriend's graces, rightfully so, when he uttered "did you even read the menu??" when she asked if they had shrimp tika masala but otherwise the service was good. The food was very good but I definitely had order envy as the Shahi Korma Classic Curry and Murgh Dahiwala were better than my Tikka Masala which was good but just a tad too sweet and buttery for my liking. The naan was delicious though a tad too doughy than perfect. The garlic naan definitely flew off the table pretty quickly and the cheese naan though not very cheesy definitely had a nice spicy kick to it. I wouldn't say MasalaWala was the best Indian place I've ever been to but it was certainly in the top 5.
I was all geared up to write a glowing review of this place as I feasted on a delicious lamb curry, but then...The restaurant is small, so customers and staff share a small bathroom.  The chef came out of the kitchen wearing latex gloves, opened the dirty door handle to the bathroom, closed the door, yada yada yada, came out STILL WEARING THE GLOVES and returned to the kitchen.  Now, I can think of all the possible scenarios, that he changed the gloves as soon as he returned to the kitchen, etc.  But the bottom line is I don't know, and why wouldn't he just take them off before entering the bathroom?  I don't understand the misuse of gloves in restaurants.  They do not automatically make your hands clean.  Once you have touched something dirty, they are tainted and must immediately be thrown away and replaced.  Besides this, the food and service were great.  But, I will not be coming back due to the lack of cleanliness by restaurant staff.
I was there on Sunday on a date. Both of us love Indian food. I am the only person I know who spent a month in India and came back craving Indian food.We shared the chef's special shrimp curry, which was nice -  sweet and light, a typical south Indian coconut fish curry. The special north Indian lamb curry was fine but quite mild.  Both portions were light on the meat/fish. I highly recommend the massala chai. They make it with condensed milk - excellent.Overall, the service was very responsive but the place was empty and the ambiance was cold and generic. I am all for a tiny hole in the wall place - with charm or soul. This had neither.  Not sure why it's on some of the hot lists.Date was good though.
It's small and cozy and the service is really good. The food is nice .. I won't say it's crazy omg good but it's nice. The biryani was mediocre ..
Amazing and authentic Indian food! I went to Masalawala after seeing the great reviews on Yelp, and it was worth it!! Each and every item they serve tastes to perfection! I loved most, their juicy and soft Chilli chicken. Yay! they give a free samosa on check in on Yelp! :) Along with their mind blowing food, their hospitality is at their best! They truly make us feel that we are their special guest. They never forget to ask if we are satisfied with their food!! When I said one of them was very spicy(in fact we had asked for it to be spicy), they immediately gave me a complimentary cup of curd. The uncle at the restaurant made us feel so homely, he even gave us a complimentary mango kulfi, and said it had no added sugar in it, and yet it tasted so sweet and delicious! I also saw that they had great majority of non-Indian customers too who enjoyed their food!! Cheers for ur spirit Masalawala!!! :) I will definitely be back soon!!
6 of us dined there last night for a friends birthday dinner. We had a wonderful time. The restaurant was busy and even though we were a little late they still kept our table for us, which we were grateful for.The food was absolutely delicious and the owner came over and made sure that we had everything we needed.A thoroughly enjoyable experience. We will be returning very soon.
YUM!! One of my new favorite Indian restaurantsI am so happy that my fellow Yelpers helped me find this gem in the lower east side. There was a great amount of variety and the owner is sooooo sweet.  He kept on coming out to see how we were doing and even gave our friend a free dessert because the rest of us had dinner and he didn't.We had a group of 4 which gave us a great chance to try a number of dishes.  We started with the Samosas which we got free after checking in on Yelp.  Then we shared the Lamb Kebab, Malai Kofta, Chicken Jalfrezi, and Fish Masala.  EVERYTHING was delicious.  I can't wait to go back.  We ordered 2 orders of Naan which was way too much for 4 people, 1 order would have been more than good enough.
Food was absolutely out of this world! Perfect balance of spices. The masala chai tea was the best we ever had.  Mango kulfi was perfect ending to the meal. Staff  was particularly helpful and attentive. The owner, "Masala Wala" (= spice merchant) made us feel like family! Definitely coming back the next time in town.
Menu offers more variety than other places I love. Very authentic flavors, wish I could have tried one of everything!
Great experience.  I don't remember what I ordered, but it tasted great.  The manager/owner was very kind and accommodating.  He felt bad that we waited close to one hour and made sure we were served/treated well when we sat down.  He kept apologizing over and over again which was unnecessary, but it showed that he cared a lot about his establishment.    I enjoyed the ambiance, the delicious food, the staff and owner were great.  I will be back.
A little pricy but the service was great and the food was deliciousthe biryani was spot on
I am not a fan of Indian food and I probably have it once if not at all throughout the year. 5 stars for this establishment cause it had me coming back TWICE within the same month AND within the same week! WHAT?!?!? Yes, MIND BLOWN!! The first time was for takeout and it was by accident. My friends wanted Indian food and this restaurant had rave reviews even for delivery. I can only remember the first dish among two dishes that were ordered because I loved it. The chicken tikka masala was mouth watering!! I can't remember the second dish, but it was in this green looking creamy sauce that was not as memorable. The garlic naan dipped in the masala sauce was sooooo good. I swear I dreamed about it the next two nights. I didn't even care if I smelled kinda funky going into the club that same night cause it was THAT good! Within the same week, I took my sister here for lunch and they had a nice lunch special for $9 which came with the entree, soup, and rice. For this particular trip, we sat down and the place was practically empty so we had the servers full attention and he was so sweet! I ordered the chicken tikka masala (of course!) and my sister had the lamb kadai. Both dishes came with lentil soup and naan (not garlic). The lentil soup was SO GOOD and I've never even had lentil soup before! I finished all of my soup and finished my sisters too (in my defense, it was a hot day and I would probably burn off the calories walking around, PLUS...it's a shame to waste food!! haha). We shared both our entrees and yes, the masala was just as I remembered. Her lamb kadai was also very good. I recommend BOTH! We couldn't finish our meals and took our leftovers to go which was a great idea because hours later, it still tasted delicious and was the perfect snack :)
Solid Indian food in a country that has yet to really love it. I'd like to see them go even more authentic, more fresh herbs, more heat and more none generic dishes.You cannot find better in the EV or LES.
I'd have to say this is one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to in the city. I invited a friend after hearing about the restaurant through BlackBoard Eats, and happily, we were not disappointed. Since we're fatties at heart and my friend is a vegetarian, we decided to start with the Wala Veg Sampler. Very filling and super tasty. For the main meal, I decided on the Lamb Pasanda with a side of fresh garlic naan. Even though I stuffed my face, I still had a lot of food left over to take home and enjoy the next day. To top if off, the wait staff was great and the owner periodically came out to joke with us and recommend his favorite dishes. So glad I found this gem in the LES!
Awesome food and service.  We got Malai Kofta and Shahi Paneer.  Roti and Garlic naan were fresh and nicely made.  When asked for extra papad, they charged us (as in the menu) but not every restaurant charges for extra papad.  Anyways, small matter but overall a nice experience.The owner was really nice as well.  Our conversation went well and he asked his guys to give us a free dessert.  Much appreciated the awesome caring customer experience - something that is rare in Indian restaurants.Not to mention that the Indian masala chai here was the best in NYC - they make it Indian style rather than some famous Indian restaurants here who give you tea bagged version made in the kitchen.
I would give 6 stars if I could. The only thing better than the food (and the food was excellent!) was Mr. Masalawala himself. Really friendly and engages with all his customers. On to the food - there is a LOT of very mediocre Indian food in NYC. This is anything but. The kalori kababs are a must try. The street chats are great too. Spiced just right, tender (many Desi restaurants end up over cooking meat), and absolutely delicious.
Absolutely delicious and reasonably priced. This weekend we were celebrating our 7 yo's birthday so we asked him what he wanted to eat.  He requested that we get Indian food and go somewhere good! I read through reviews on yelp and elsewhere and decided to give this place a shot. We went on the early side based on the reviews - I can see that you do either need a reservation or figure that you'll need to wait since it's a small place. But it is cute and cozy. Everything was delicious. We all shared the manchurian cauliflower for an app which was very tasty. My son and husband also had the chicken samosas and loved them. For main dishes we had the malai kofta and the lamb kebab. Both delicious. Naan, raita and basmati rice rounded out the meal and made it all perfect. We all agreed -- this place is a keeper! Highly recommend. We'll be back.
My first time to this place for my friend Dana's birthday dinner. It's awesome. Good food great service and we ate and drank so much!!! We were so noisy I bet the other customers were not super happy if it was in another restaurant. But the ambience is great! And had a free samosa!Yum yum highly recommended
This is a review mostly on service. My friends and I came here last night maybe half an hour before their closing time to meet up with another group that were having dinner there. Most of us were a bit intoxicated and we were definitely loud. I even accidentally knocked over my glass of wine. The staff was polite but seemed rather indifferent to us. In comes THE Masala Wala. Assuring us that everything was okay. Proclamations of love were thrown about from both sides. All the while we were told to relax, enjoy the food, no need to rush. He even refilled my glass. The appetizers we bought were delicious. We took photos with The Masala Wala and went on our way to continue our night on the town. As annoying as it can be to deal with drunk customers on a rainy night where I'm sure everyone just wanted to go home, we were very well treated. I would definitely come back again (sober) to try the real food which our other friends deemed was delicious.
Excellent. Our waiter Linus was excellent, recommended some of the best dishes...cauliflower and chili chicken. Both were awesome. Cauliflower is not to be missed. Entree had a lamb dish that was recommended. It was so good!!! The owner made us feel like family in this small restaurant. (A little bit cramped but it's obvious why it's always crowded) Definitely would recommend to Indian food lovers.
Came here when we found ourselves in the neighborhood on a rainy night. Hungry. Yelp led us here. This is the best Indian restaurant I've been to. Everything tasted fresh and home made. We started with the deep fried cauliflower and something with puffed rice as appetizers. Sorry, but I can't recall the names of the dishes. Those 2 apps could've been our entire meal. So satisfying and flavorful. A great combo. For main courses, we shared the mashed eggplant entree and another one with hard boiled eggs in it. Both were excellent. We each received a huge portion of basmati rice to accompany the entrees. For dessert, the owner recommended A dessert that he claims take 6-7 hours to make. It was 2, spongy cheese balls in a creamy, pistachio tinged liquid. Sounds weird but it was light  delicious. The service was warm  efficient. Food came to the table quickly. The owner was on hand to greet everyone. Next to the food, he was one of the highlights of this charming place.
I was really excited when I got here since the reviews on yelp was pretty good. When we arrived we was seated at the table nearest to the kitchen and bathroom, while the waiter was taking our order, I saw a rat running into the bathroom. I freaked out a little by saying OMG and I had a feeling the waiter knows why. After taking our order, the waiter offered us to move to another table so we did since I didn't like seating near the bathroom anyways. Another couple came in and was seated at the same table we was seating earlier and 10 minutes later the couple I guessed saw the same rat I saw. The guy got up and approached the waiter about the rat issue and they was also moved to another table.  So anyways on to the food.. I wasn't impress with the food, we ordered chicken tikka masala and a lamb dish, both dish seems like it was microwaved. Since my bf was Indian, the owner was really friendly towards him and treated him like they knew each other really well, he even offered us complimentary mango kulfi at the end of our dinner. Service here is good but I don't think we'll be coming back.
Super (almost overly?) attentive staff, friendly owner, and fantastic food. Chicken madras was great.
I was looking for a Pakistani/Indian restaurant with a modern decor this place is what I found through google so I decided to try the place. I have to say hands down the best place I have every been to. The owner is such a kind soul made me feel as I was part of his family. I am Pakistani so I never thought anyone can come close to home cooking, but this place hands down. My date and I had for appetizers tandoori chicken and shrimp and for dinner, chicken korma and tandoori salmon with byrani rice everything was outstanding. The staff were very helpful and so kind nothing but a great experience.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants amazing food!
I love The MasalaWala!I've ordered indian food from nearly restaurant in the LES/East Village, and The MasalaWala is by far the best. The food is delicious, and always delivered fast.A few days ago I actually went there for dinner with a friend, and had a wonderful experience. The food was amazing as always (I recommend the malai kofta!), and the owner is delightful. He stopped by our table often, was incredibly friendly, gave us free dessert, and personally hugged us goodbye when we left. He also added extra rice to the left-overs I took to go, which was such a nice gesture.This is definitely my favorite indian restaurant, both for delivery and for eating in.
I don't know who this restaurant is bribing to get good reviews on yelp. I just ordered $40 worth of food here by delivery and when the food got here, was only given one plate and one set of plastic silverware...ok, that was not a deal breaker...however, the samosas are bad, just bad. extremely forgetful. Next was the chicken, not quality at all, lots of fat connecting to the chicken and was obvious that nobody thoughtful put this dish together. Finally the Dal Makhni, was very salty for my taste, and there was no real flavor....nothing authentic about these dishes. Absolutely nothing to write home about. I don't even want to call for a discount on an uneaten meal...would just like to forget the meal took place and move on...after posting this on yelp of course.
We had a great experience here last night.  I brought my mom and a Gilt voucher, which entitled us to two appetizers, two entrees, a dessert, and some wine.  We started with the Aloo Tikki Chaat and the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian, had the Chana Saagwala and the Bhindi Masala for our entrees, added on some garlic naan, and finished with the mango ice cream.  I wasn't a major fan of the cauliflower -- the sauce was stickier and redder than I expected -- but everything else was delicious, especially the okra.I was really impressed with the service.  I had called ahead to ask if I truly needed to print out my Gilt voucher (as the voucher said, and which would box us out of visiting as we were roaming around) or if they could just use the app on my phone, and he assured us we could use my phone and asked if we were planning on coming in that evening.  I indicated we were, and, when we arrived, they had saved us a nice table for two in the corner, which was already set and waiting for us.  Our servers were pleasant and helpful all evening, and the owner came over to visit with us.  (I'm a Midwesterner, so I appreciate things like that!)Anyway, I was definitely pleased and will definitely come back even without the Gilt voucher.
Flavorful, cooked nicely, not-too-anything, and service with a massive smile (from The MasalaWala himself, no less). We're big fans.
My husband and I got delivery from here today. Just awesome. I highly suggest the rolls - we got a chicken one and a lamb one, and they were both fantastic.
I love the Aloo Gobi w/ basmati rice. yummy potatoes and cauliflower cooked with herbs and spices. Chana Masala was also very tasty. chickpeas cooked in a tomato sauce.chicken saagwala- creamy fresh spinach with boneless chicken and herbs is another one of my favorites.the tandoor chicken with mint chutney sauce was really moist and delicious. so full of flavor. my bf was very impressed! he told me this was the best tandoor chicken he ever ate.I also loved the buttery garlic naan bread- it's so fluffy and satisfying.I'll be back to try more dishes. the owner is very friendly and it's walking distance from my bf''s home.
Fabulous food and friendly service. It is a delightful place. I will be visiting often.
Absolutely the best Indian restaurant in the lower east side, the food was unbelievable and the service was impeccable. I will be back very soon with out a doubt.
Just had some Malai Kofta.  It was pretty good, not great but good.The waiter was cool but then forgot my wine, and then forgot we were there. That sucked when it was time to pay.  The naan was great, the samosas were pretty good.
Food was great but I was turned off from the B health rating and the graffiti at the entrence.
We were looking for indian food near the UCB theater on the LES and this was excellent. Service was super attentive (I don't think my water ever got below half-full) and the food came out quickly. All the portions were great, the garlic naan was delicious, and they very nicely remade a friend's dish who could not tolerate any spice. They even gave her a side of yogurt to tone it down further and she loved it. Masalawala himself came to check on us and gave us some complimentary mango and pistachio ice cream that really capped off the meal nicely. Would definitely recommend the paneer appetizer and the chiken tikka. Probably the only thing I would say is that their spice is kind of toned down. I ordered medium spicy and got my dish on the mild side. Next time I'll order spicy and that should be just right.
Really bad delivery experience with dry food which smelled also bad. $50 food for one person and got no utensils either, not even paper napkins. Also the meat dishes (at Least the ones I ordered) do not come with rice or side salad or anything. This was the 2nd time I ordered from this place as I read some of the reviews but I will never order from this place again. When I tried to call and explain that all Indian restaurants send rice along with meat dishes the fool on the other side of the line refused to listen to me or just even offer to send me a container of rice but instead he kept trying to explain to me how wrong I was and that the dishes I ordered do not come with rice. Great customer service!! 3 dishes, 2 of them meat dishes and somehow they don't come with any rice. You are supposed to eat just dry meat by itself. Seamless agreed with me that ALL Indian restaurants send rice along with orders and the nice lady who I spoke with gave me a Seamless credit for my next order. Guess what? It WON'T be from TheMasalaWala. Just a really bad Sunday experience.
I've come here for a few times for takeout already. Staff are super friendly and patient. Food for the most part is on par - samosa chaat was delightful, chicken tikka masala had the perfect amount of spice (why is this dish in every restaurant seem to serve tough chicken? is the chicken not supposed to be cooked until tender?!), lamb rogan josh wasn't anything special. However, the garlic naan was a diaappointment because it was very thick and had little to no flavor at all. And as a heads up, the place is packed during prime dinner hours!
I got the cauliflower dish. It was unhealthy. Also got a mixed grill dish. Everything else was good and the service was great. But they put so so much MSG in it that my tongue goes numb and I have been drinking 5 liters of water since dinner.. I mean anything is good with MSG...
Service: owner personally made every attempt to accommodate our party of 10 and we were seated very quickly. He gave us all free samosas after a few of us claimed the yelp voucher and brought out an extra chai that he didn't charge us for. Everyone was friendly and the service overall was excellent.Environment: small but not cramped, clean, great location (this area desperately needs desi restaurants), and decorated with original art from India. No complaints hereFood: Excellent. I don't see what all the curry hill hype is about. I'm new to the city but I tried dhaba, Chinese mirch, and haandi and masalawala was far better than all of them. I had the chicken biryani which had authentic flavors with tender chunks of chicken and enough food to fill me up and share with others. Also had chicken tikka masala and again it was delicious. Flavored just right, not too creamy and paired with fresh naan for yet another successful dish. Definitely try the mango lassi and I'm told from everyone I was with who had the chai that it was really good. I will definitely be back and I only hope that my next experience here is as good as my first. 5 stars with no hesitation.
Oh my gosh. Their Chaat! Perfect blend of tart, tamarind flavor with slightly sweet, spicy, refreshing, with the nuttiness of chickpeas and the crunch of the puffed rice or lentil pockets. So great. Their curries are also very flavorful and good. It's a go-to when we know we want "good food" but completely indecisive and picky :-)
My first time having Indian and it's an experience I will remember. The food was amazing it had the complex flavors that I love. I recommend it to anyone that loves to explore food. The owner came and was very hospitable and very nice.
Went here for lunch on a weekday and was a bit nervous considering there was no one in here. However, I kept my faith considering all the great reviews I read. The food was AMAZING and extremely reasonable. The soup was delicious and I ordered the chicken tikka masala which felt very fresh and flavorful. It was a huge portion and I definitely could have shared it with someone. My friends ordered the paneer and loved it. The garlic and cheese naan bread was also insanely good.
Amazing amazing restaurant!!!! The food is out of this world and the service is great! I highly recommend any lamb dish and the cottage cheese starter. I'm definitely coming back!
So good! Mango Lassi was awesome and gone in literally in 1 minute. The Samosa Chaat is a must try! And the lamb biryani was yummy! Solid spot!
This place is overhyped. Don't get me wrong. The food is good and service excellent. Paneer tikka masala and gobi manchurian were good but nothing to die for. Lamb kadai was bland and was less on salt. I would rate it below average. Overall nice meal but there are better places to go and spend time and money. Service is excellent though.
This is legitimately the best Chicken Korma ive ever had. Try that and the vegetable jafkazi-somethingsomething. Immediately knocked my past indian go-to places out of the park.
I love this place so much. The food is amazing, plentiful and all around delicious. I frequently order delivery and it is always hot, huge portions, and consistently good. So happy to have found Masala Wala!
Fantastic Indian restaurant! This tiny, charming hole in the wall houses some of the yummiest Indian food I've ever had. The samosas were delish as were all the classic dishes (we ordered the rogan josh and tikka masala). The waiter was friendly and helpful recommending delicious dishes. Add to that the wonderfully kind owner. This place is a sure bet.
Loving the flavorful mix of "India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka  some neighbors" street food/cuisine!  The best nan ever!  The Kolkata Gobi Manchurian (deep fried cauliflower) was "TO DIE FOR", the Amritsari Fish was beautifully light and tasty, the Samosas were crispy and tasty, the Masala and Paneers were excellent.I can't say much more that rave about the food, the service, the prices and decadence of MasalaWala!!!!I cannot wait to go back!  This was some of the best Indian Food I have had in NY.
I went here to eat tonight and I must say the food is phenomenal.  I had lamb vidaloo the spices were so good. The owner to Is very hospitable and service Is great. If I could give it 20 stars I would. Go here for the best Indian Food.
Awesome loving place where my BFF and I got a lovely delicious diner. We also had a lovely bottle of wine for a great price. All of the diner was perfect I will go again if I ever visit NYC again. But if you live there or are visiting I highly recommend this place awesome food awesome vibes what more do you want
Best Indian food I've tried! No wait on a Friday or Saturday night. Highly recommend!
We saw the reviews and went here. The food was excellent as compared to other close by restaurants. If you are an Indian, let the waiter know and they will make it Indian Spicy. The restaurant owner was a very kind person. He treated us very well and cordially.We will definitely visit this place again.
I was craving Indian and looking for the best lunch special and this is it! I had to walk 15 mins to get here and 15 mins to get back. I can't complain when it's a $9 chicken special and I ordered the garlic nan which was superb! I am happy person today.
The food here is amazing!!! It's all so good, I don't even know what to recommend. They have a very respectable selection of vegetarian options, which is what I usually go for. The place is clean and the staff is supremely helpful. This place would make living in the city worth while.
The samosas are really good. Crunchy on the outside and doughy on the inside. Plus, the filling is nice and chunky instead of the unrecognizable paste that most Indian places stuff into samosas. For dinner, I got black dal and naan and my girlfriend got chana saag and roti. Both dishes were great. Neither were too salty which is a problem with a lot of Indian places in the city. The naan was fluffy and seemed to be freshly baked. The owner checked on us several times and made a little chit chat. Typically, I would find that annoying but he was a really nice guy. I'm definitely planning on going back to try other dishes.
Simply the best overall experience I have had regarding Indian food.The MasalaWala and his son and wait staff were professional personal and engaging. The interpersonal experience was as good as the food. Oh my the cauliflower appetizer almost made me think it was chicken and the new lambchop curry creation is not on the menu yet but beyond delicious. I am only in NYC for two more nights but I may return again , and it was fun telling the less adventurous colleagues about what they missed !
I went here last night for dinner on a friends reccomendation and was pleasantly surprised! We had the samosa chaat, chicken tikka curry, vegetable jalfrezi curry, plain naan, peshwari naan, and the rabri ras malai and masala chai for dessert.  Everything was delicious. This was probably some of the best Indian food I've had in a while. The service was also great - we even for 2 free lassi samples from the owner (I believe).  Only downside is the location - its on a busy street and we happened to sit outside because it was a nice night ... I think sitting inside is probably fine/quiet.  Regardless, the food made up for it! I will definitely be back!!
We just finished a most memorable meal at Masawalla, hosted by the ever so cordial owner, The Masalawalla. We started out with some suggested specialty of the house appetizers that included a cauliflower dish with ginger and garlic like no other, a succulent lamb bhuna roll and dilli bajji vegetable fritters. The special roasted (24 hours marinated) tiger shrimp were some of the best I have ever eaten. Lastly, we finished the meal with home made pistachio ice cream (wala kulfi)-- that melted in your mouth. I give them 5 stars, my daughter gives them 5 stars and my wife gives  them 5 stars ==== that adds up to 15 STARS.
Food is amazing! Palak paneer is probably the best I've ever had. The portions are incredibly well sized - I have leftovers for another dinner for 2. Outstanding customer service. Couldn't recommend more highly.
Food was Delicious. Nice atmosphere.  The owner Mr masala walla was awesome. He is very genuwine. He cares about his buisness and customer service.he is what every buisness owner should be
WOW!I was visiting NY and we went through a lot to get to this place but it was SO worth it. I'm Pakistani and can attest that this was some of the yummiest Pakistani/Indian food I've ever eaten at a restaurant. Not only that, but the customer service, the ambiance, everything was just perfect. Loved the owner uncle :)100% recommended to anyone close to that area.
The owner is a friendly and lovely man who remembers his customers. That means a lot, especially since NY is such a big city. The waiters are attentive, nice, and handsome ;-)  The food can take a while to come, but it's not necessarily a bad thing. At least I know that my meal isn't being rushed and time is going in to make my food. Their curries are great, but different from what I am used to since I come from a Caribbean background.  I think their rolls (roti wraps) could be more substantial. I had the chicken tikka roll, when it came out I was wondering where the rest of it was, it was very thin but it still tasted good. This is my second time going back and I will definitely come back again. The atmosphere is great: relaxed, intimate, and not crowded. It would be a nice place to bring a date or to catch up with an old friend.
This place is wonderful. The food is delicious, the service is excellent and the prices are completely reasonable for what you're getting and where. Bring anyone here. Also, the manager is very friendly and genuinely cares about every customer's experience.
As a desi (someone from the sub-continent) I know good Pakistani and Indian cuisine. The Masalawala is a place for good Indian food. Well done guys. My favorites: Lamb Boti, Channa Masala, Aloo Ghobi and Gulab Jaman!
I love Indian good and try out new places all the time. This place had delicious food and very gracious service. Will definitely return again.
Good food, great price, WONDERFUL staff. Off menu item, lamb chop pasanda was amazing. Had a lot of Indian food before but this place tastes the best. Spice level just right. Not greasy, felt good walking outta there.
Usually don't write reviews but the owner was exceptional, welcoming and kind (and gave great hugs). The food was spicy and delicious. Highly recommend the chicken samosas and the chicken vindaloo. At the end of the meal, the owner was even nice enough to offer us desert on the house. The pistachio wala kulfi tasted amazing and was a great end to the meal. The best part of our experience was the owner, who made us feel like part of his extended family. Definitely come here if you're looking for a more intimate environment with excellent service.
Delicious, fresh and healthy-seeming.I have been here three times now and ordered take-out once. I have tried different items each time and loved all of them! The owner/manager remembers me every time and staff is very friendly. It's a really nice space to dine with one person or with a big group. I'll definitely be back!!
I'm not  Indian and I am not opining on authenticity, but we had a great meal here tonight.  My husband ordered chicken jalfrezi and I got chicken tikka masala (go ahead, I know I'm weak) and we thoroughly enjoyed both,  as well as the fresh naan that we split,  Chicken was tender, sauces were flavorful.  That is all I ask for.I know people get upset of something isnt truly authentic but they do sell themselves as a mix of cultures.  We were totally happy and will definitely do delivery or dine in in the future.  The owner was nice and was trying to ensure we had a good experience, which is a good sign to us.Honestly the only bad part of the experience was the woman sitting next to us freaking out on her significant other about forgetting to pick up a prescription.  My husband and I were quite uncomfortable listening to her whale on the guy then say she wasn't mad at him but herself.  So five stars for the place but negative five stars for the crazy lady.  Hope you had a better weekend dude,
I'm Indian and I'm very snobby about my Indian food since my mother is an amazing cook. In fact growing up, other Indian kids preferred my mother's food to their own mother's food ('nuff said).Frankly, this place is as good as you're going to get in the city for this price. Every dish is well seasoned, fresh and well prepared. Other places skimp on more expensive spices and vegetables, but not here. I personally would like larger servings, more diverse vegetarian dishes and an increase in the overall spice level but it is still vastly superior to anything you'll find on 6th st or curry hill.
What a fine dining experience on the Lower East Side.  Stumbled into Masalawala with a friend for an after work catch up date and had such a nice experience.  From the moment we stepped in the door, the waiter was gracious and funny  (You could actually tell he liked his job) and was on top of his game during the course of our entire meal.  The menu was very nice with great prices and the food was delicious.  One order of Sagwaala fed me for dinner, allowed my boyfriend a snack and then contained my hunger for lunch the next day.  (Larger portions than typical Indian restaurants).  Half way through our meal, the adorable owner came out to chat and make sure we were enjoying our food.  He was very kind and you could tell his food meant a lot to him.  It's nice to see a face behind an establishment.Overall-a great experience and plan to bring others.
Friendly but slooow service, even when ordering only appetizers. Could benefit by assign one more staff member to serve patrons. Serving sizes smaller than expected. Good taste. Don't forget to check in at Yelp to get ur free samosa.
Wow, I can't believe all of the positive reviews of this place. It's terrible! I am guessing most of the reviews are from tourists who don't eat much Indian food? I don't know, but as is the case with most types of cuisine in NYC there are fantastic Indian restaurants here, and this is not one of them. The food is very bland and flavorless. The decor is tacky. Waitstaff is fine, friendly and proficient, but overall what a weird vibe. It's like they are trying to seem fancy but meanwhile have the cheapest decor, and (as I cannot reiterate more) pretty terrible food. I live in BK and order Indian all of the time and have never been disappointed. It' always delicious. And I order staples that are pretty hard to screw up. I got the saag paneer with vegetable samosas. I could barely finish it, it was just totally flavorless. Also, I asked the guy what heat level I should get (and there again I guess he is used to dealing with a bunch of tourists who don't eat Indian?? People from Kansas? The midwest?), it was super mild like not even as hot as a mild salsa hahaha. I had friends in from California, and we came here bc of the great reviews, but needless to say they also were not impressed at all. I give two stars only (instead of 1), because I think the service was fine, and I didn't get food poisoning or anything.
Awesome! Simply awesome! The best Indian snacks I have had in NY. I am always skeptical about ordering Indian snacks cos there is a danger of them becoming/ being served soggy. But no! They were crisp and yummy. Not to mention the best chai. I recommend asking for some ginger tea. Besides being medicinal, their Ginger masala tea hits the spot. Must visit! Service is extremely polite and waiter surprisingly was able to give details and english names of ingredients. Beer lovers must try the brand Kingfisher. It is a huge hit back in india. And seems like masalawala is the only restaurant that has them in their cooler.
Food was excellent! The flavor are amazing, and careful preparation goes into the dishes. Best garlic naan I've had. The owner greeted us and checked on us several times throughout the night. Will definitely be going back, this place is a gem!
I usually don't write reviews on here but I felt so compelled because of my experience here. My mother and I found this establishment on a whim. Upon reading the Yelp reviews, we decided to try it out. Although the place is relatively small and we didn't have reservations (it was a Friday night at 6:30ish), we were happily accommodated. With some help from our server, we ordered the Chicken Madras, Lamb Rogan Josh, Garlic Naan and milk chai. We also received the complimentary vegetable samosas by checking in through the Yelp app. Our food and drink came out expediently as we were enjoying the delicious food in no time! The naan and samosas were fresh, the lamb and chicken were savory and seasoned wonderfully, and the chai was smooth. During our meal, we were greeted by THE Masala Wala himself who made sure that we were enjoying our experience there. Overall, it was a fantastic experience that will certainly have us back in the near future!P.S. As we were leaving, we notice a table who had ordered the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian (cauliflower appetizer) and it looked delicious. I've added that to my list for next time.
Great ambiance and very charismatic host (the owner is a doll and so enthusiastic about his new dig!). Perfect local for outings in LES. I thought the price was just right and appreciated that rice was included with the entrees since most restaurants tend to charge for individual portions. Great seasonings and the owner was proud of the fact that everything is made to order so fresh and ready to be scarfed down. I could see (and accidently ate) some of the large chunks of spices in my dish :)The naan is fantastic and fresh out of the oven...you can definitely taste the butter in it and for some reason, I had associations with pancakes. I'm not giving a 5 star review because I am biased towards my favorite Indian restaurant in SF (Little Dehli), but this establishment came pretty close!
Took my mom and dad here for my mom's birthday and had a lovely time. The food was absolutely spectacular. I ordered the lamb korma and my mom got the chicken, and my dad got the chicken tikka masala. All 3 dishes were incredible. Also, when I made the reservation on Open Table, I had asked  in the notes if they could do something special for my mom's birthday, and they brought out a delicious pistachio ice cream with a candle, free of charge! The owner was also lovely and came up to us a few times with several kind words. I would definitely go back. Thanks for a great evening!
They're right, the cauliflower IS good! Over all, really enjoyed our meal. Everything was tasty. The service was good and we met the Masalawala himself -- nice guy! We went for a birthday dinner and it was a nice atmosphere, pretty on the inside, good area too... grab a drink at the Library first and then chow down!
Masala Wala was a restaurant I was waiting to try and it didn't disappoint. The space is very small so I definitely recommend reservations. The menu is inspired, especially with many Indian street foods elevated to a beautiful level. The Kati rolls are a steal, you get a large portion for a reasonable price. The garlic naan was amazing as well. I would be careful of the spice level you chose, this is real Indian spice (coming from an Indian). Can't wait to visit again. For amazing Indian food at a cheap price (esp for LES) come here!
The best Indian I've had since moving to NY. Kolkata Gobi Manchurian and Malai Tiger Shrimp were the stand out dishes.
We went in here close to midnight. Still one of the best mouth watering food that we devoured. Service was attentive and friendly. The place is very small but they have an excellent chef.As usual I take Chicken Tikka Masala and it was nicely done. Nice large chicken pieces and mouth watering gravy that was not too heavy on cream. The makhani daal was excellent too - slow cooked to perfection.And of course I used their yelp offer of free samosa and it was excellent too - good filling and perfectly fried not over and not oily just like a samosa should be.I am sure to return to MasalaWala anytime I am in NYC.
Charming little place with excellent food.  Owner is hands on - and watches over all - Everything was very fresh  delicious.  Samosas, Cauliflower appetizer, garlic naan were wonderful - freshly made ice cream as well - would highly recommend - and look  forward to going back...
Malai Kaftka is dank and the staff are amazing and get the chili cheese naan fo sho !!!
I can't help it. Growing up in an Indian household with my mom's amazing chaat, paying $6 for what amounts to a little over a half a cup of yogurt, fried crispies and chutneys will always be an abomination to me. However, for New York City it's a pretty decent price and a very tasty dish. The samosas are good (but super small; can't complain too much, it was free for checking into yelp at the restaurant), and the saag with lamb tasted very fresh. You're paying for the quality of your food, which is higher than almost any other Indian restaurant I've been to in the city.The masala chai, however, is a rip off at one tiny cup for 4 bucks.
After reading the reviews on Yelp, we had to try this out.Warm ambience, with about 15 to 20 two seaters available inside, you notice the smell of curry and spices as soon as you enter (which is a pleasant smell unlike bad Indian restaurants we've been to that wreak of curry).We ordered:Garlic naanHariyali KebabAlu Tikki ChaatKingfisher beer (great pairing with the meal)Indian milk chaiAll the items were really great, the naan was pretty amazing, so we ordered a second helping. Each naan comes with 4 pieces.We were greeted by the owner, who made sure we were enjoying the meal and he kept checking back in with us.Overall an amazing experience, and the bill was just $40 for the two of us, so it's definitely on our "come back again" list.
Yes. Yes.  Yes.  While I'm not an Indian food enthusiast, well, I don't care.. this place was awesome.  Went with coworker, shared the following:Shahi Korma w/ chicken: basically an EXTREMELY good/rich curry, loved the almonds in it.  Biggest A+ was that the chicken was VERY tender, where the flavor was able to seep into all the meet.  Usually with curry the chicken is cooked very dry and you're tasting bland chicken covered with curry.. this was full flavor throughout.  Definitely the best dish ordered of the meal.Lamb Rogan Josh: Red curry sauce, again very well cooked/flavored meat.Garlic Naan:  Thought it would have more flavor as I read other stellar reviews, good solo, definitely fresh, but amazing when used with sauces from main courses.Masalwala Lassi (yogurt/rose drink) a little weird at first, but very good.Service gets it's own review:  Being clueless, especially with the names on the menu, the waiter guided us throughout.  Everything came out very timely, and the owner himself was super friendly and made small talk.  When on to say how proud he is of his head chef to whom refuses to precook anything ready for order, instead waits till it is ordered to guarantee quality and freshness.  Definitely very humble establishment who care very much about customer concerns, at least when it comes to the FOOD (as I go on to the only cons)As I've said in my other reviews, I rate strictly on food.. service only if it's particularly BAD as this was not.  My only complaint was that the bathroom had no paper towels and the hand dryer was not working, still clean though.  Had to laugh about it was I read the same exact review 5 minutes before I walked in.  Overall not concerned with that.I think this business should be supported and I will go back!!
This was our official Valentines dinner. I thought since it is new and we went early (for NYC) that it wouldn't be crowded but we got there and snagged the last table and then a line formed. On Valentines  day in NY there are all of these restaurants with a Valentines menu that is overly expensive like 150.00 per person up to 500.00 per person depending on where you go. Here it is on the Lower East Side and very affordable. Here the entire dinner with teas and sodas and so on was like $60.00 I thought we were the only geniuses who didn't fall for the Valentines "specials" at high end restaurants but we used to. But there were so many others with the same idea as us.  We went to a nice elegant romantic  vegetarian Indian last year and were going to go there. Which is also Indian street food. yelp.com/biz/bhojan-vege…I saw that MasalaWala had 5 stars across the board and saw that it was Indian street food so I book marked it. But I do wish we had gone to Bohjan instead.I know I am the only one so far to give it 3 stars and I don't like giving lower ratings to restaurants with high ratings. But I can't lie!  There was nothing wrong with the food at all. The Tandoori chicken was very tender and the Naan was hot and buttery and delicious.  The service was  extremely nice and pleasant though harried. Everything else was just typical of what you might get at any Indian restaurant in NYC. Bohjan is much better as well as Banjara.But my husband likes to try new places and this looked so good. It wasn't bad but it just doesn't warrant more  than 3 stars. It is a good value though.I think since the restaurant is new they were not prepared to meet the demand for Valentines day dinner in NY which is a huge scene usually. But the staff was nice just really thrown off by the crowd and forgot certain menu items. Plus the restaurant was already out of Indian soda which I was looking forward to trying. We both ordered 2 different Chai's and they tasted identical and mine cost $1.00 more.To the very cute  petite well dressed young Asian girl looking up the Yelp reviews while on a date with the married man who was complaining about his wife  sitting next to us,  listen to auntie, until you love and respect yourself nobody else will. I am sure she is reading this since she was reading Yelp during her date. And BTW very cute dress!Which brings me to why I saw her reading Yelp reviews the tables were  very cramped together and it was a cramped space. The bathroom was tiny and the sink was so tiny I think it was a sink made for a day care center. I am not trying to be funny on that one but if you have been in a day care center the sinks are that size for the children. They could not keep up with the demand for customers using the bathroom so it did not stay too clean. It wasn't China Town dirty but wasn't clean. In general I do not usually judge a restaurant by how they are on a holiday. But for this one I won't be back. Not because it was bad but because it was very uncomfortable and cramped. My back hurts from being pressed against a brick wall sitting on a bench.The restaurant was a bit cold. The heat was on but the door kept opening and they didn't have anything to protect the inside from the outside cold like Banjara does. It started to snow or rain or something and it was coming in the restaurant. My husband agrees with me on this. It didn't ruin our Valentines dinner or anything just not special enough to warrant more than 3 stars from me.It is in the space where yelp.com/biz/munchies-ne… used to be.
If you want to experience good old fashioned Indian hospitality coupled with some delicious Indian cuisine, this is a "must visit" restaurant in Manhattan.  A small but cosy eatery which was filled to the max with people who looked like they were enjoying a delectable meal.  The owner, Mr. MasalaWala himself greeted us with a cheerful, welcoming attitude and was extremely attentive all evening.  I would most certainly go back with my husband (who was not present with me and who LOVES his Indian food) the next time I visit New York.
I have been there with my friends(4). We ordered garlic naan, veg jalfrezi, shahi paneer, Chowringhee Pani Puri, Gobi manchuriyan. Garlic naan was the best of all I ate. Shahi paneer was sweet and spicy. Veg jalfrezi was mixture sweet spicy. This was good too. Gobi manchuriyan was so soft and easily palatable. Little bit disappointed with pani poori(spicy). Space was small little shady. But overall food was 8.5/10. Service was very good.
I've only ordered through delivery but this place is awesome! The Malai Kofta is my favorite dish so far.. Oh my god that first bite took me to heaven, I had never tried anything like it, the veggie meatballs and cashew cream sauce was SO flavorful!! I just wish they served more in my plate considering the price, but it was still totally worth it!
Really hard to write this review given how kind the Marsala Wala himself was. The owner (the marsala wala) walks around and goes table to table saying hello. I'm honestly really confused right now. Maybe I've just had the best of the best when it comes to Indian food (Bombay dar bar in Miami), but this place is not worth 4 stars at all. Appetizers: The kolkata manchuri or something - aka cauliflower that resembles general tsos chicken. One of the only good things I ordered. A fun spin on cauliflower - definitely has a kick though. Samosa chaat - what the heck fellow yelpers. You people said this stuff was good. It literally was like a soggy samosa covered in some weak toppings. I am self proclaimed extremely sensitive to spice, and boy was this spicy for me. And my boyfriend who eats spice agreed too. Look. I get it. Indian food is typically spicy, but give a girl a head's up please! Ask me if I want it mild, medium, or strong! The menu really should indicate the spice level. Entrees:Free samosa with check in. Whatev. Not worth it. Chicken korma - the chicken was dark meat. Not my type. Maybe those who do like it would enjoy! The cashew sauce that came with it was creamy and tasty. Still had a kick to it though...I typically order veggie korma, so I asked if I could have the mixed vegetable entree but with a cashew sauce instead of the hot and tangy one that typically comes with it. Almost 100% sure that I was not given this dish, as it was a red sauce.. Totally different than the chicken korma sauce. And I had requested the same cashew sauce. The dish was so spicy I couldn't even force down bites out of respect to the kind Marsala Wala. And after the appetizers, I had told the waiter that I wanted negative spice. The Marsala Wala noticed, and offered to remake it with no spice. So nice. But yet again, it was way too spicy. My friend couldn't eat it either.. And he likes spice. It was really sad. But the Marsala Wala was so kind that I had to fake it. Garlic naan: YUM! Now thats how naan is done. Steaming hot. a little doughy. Garlicy. Mhm. 2 stars just because the cauliflower and naan, and overall good service. Go here if you like spice. When it comes down to it, the restaurant definitely tried to accommodate me, we just have totally different perceptions of what is spicy and what's notS And btw yelpers, Agehli in Hells Kitchen wasn't great either - so quit lying to me!!!
MasalaWala is a convenient Indian/Pakistani restaurant that knows customer service but better knows how to work yelp. I came most because of proximity to SoHo, but the free samosa with a yelp check In was the nail in the coffin. Decor is modern and cozy with regional music playing on the speakersThe staff knows their stuff. Half pouring my bottled beer into a glass, and refilling it with each sip. Excellent service. The samosa and sauce was good. Maybe the best thing I ate here?  I got the malai tiger shrimp, bite. It was good, but who could disagree with a mayo based flavor bomb. The chiken Tikka masala was below average. I got mild heat (blame it on that?). But it was extremely forgetable in flavor. Chicken was tender, but I wouldn't order is again All in all. This is a good place to eat, but thanks to great marketing and service, I can see why they strike #1 on yelp.  This did not fulfill the NYC Indian food craving I was hoping for
Love this place! My husband and I are regulars here! After having tried a bunch of indian restaurants around manhattan, I think this the MasalaWala offers the most authentic tasting dishes. My favorite is the gobi manchuri (fried cauliflower in a tangy sauce)- I've honestly never had gobi in the USA that came close to tasting like the ones in India but this one did it! Also try the bhel puri. Seal of approval from a real Indian person! :)
Amazing food! Great service, friendly staff! Came here for my wife's birthday dinner and left with a happy wife.  Yelp had a checkin offer for free samosa.  The samosa tasted so good that we went for the samosa chat and were not disappointed.  The lamb rogan ghosh had perfectly cooked lamb, with spices of the curry kicking-in with every bite.  The lamb went really well with tandoori naan.  Mango kulfi had the taste of the fresh fruit.  Pistachio kulfi and rasa malai were not too sweet, rather had a great taste with a homemade feel.  Everything tasted authentic Indian.  I'm Indian and have eaten in different parts of the US, and I can say this is one of the best Indian food I've eaten in the US.  The owner himself walked around to make sure all the guests were satisfied. Tip: definitely try the tapori language suggested at the end! PS: loved the food so much that forgot to take pictures.  Will hopefully remember the next time I visit.
50 years on the planet and that was the best Aloo Gobi I have ever tasted. Born in UK and eaten in loads of Indian restaurants in London, Middlesex and across the United States for decades!!!!!!The chicken tikka and garlic Nan were fabulous too. The Aloo Gobi and Nan would be my last supper if I knew ahead of time. And I manifest that is 50 more years from today. As I'm wanting my telegram from the queen or king at that time if we still have one in the UK.
Very enjoyable and probably the best Indian food in the area. The Gobi Manchurian ($9) and Garlic naan ($4) alone are worth coming here for. The gobi, which is battered cauliflower served in an Indo-Chinese sauce, is a unique dish I haven't seen at other restaurants. It's like sweet and sour chicken, only with cauliflower. Delicious. The garlic naan was out of this world fluffy!!! Best naan I've ever had. I wish I ordered 2 of them. I had Chicken Vindaloo ($15) too, which wasn't as spicy as I would have liked it to be, but the chicken was tender (thigh meat I believe) and tasty. Rice, roti and mango lassi were all good too.  Overall a slightly pricey but great meal. The MasalaWala himself was there, slowly patrolling the tables and making sure all the patrons were satisfied. He's very warm and welcoming. He has his portrait up on the wall. What a boss.
This is one of the finest Indian restaurants I've been to on the states. The place has a small, warm vibe and the staff is kind and accommodating. The owner is in almost every night and personally checks in with every table. The flavors are masterful and unique and there are many vegan and vegetarian options as well as splendidly prepared meat dishes. I can't recommend this place enough. Perfect for a date night or a family outing. Love!!!
The indian food at the masala wala is good. They have shareable dishes for different party sizes. After you come to this place you will appreciate and love good indian food. The service is good as well. The naan was pretty awesome and the chicken tikka masala was good. Palak paneer was another good shareable dish.
The owner himself Masalawala is an incredible character with a real passion for his restaurant and the patrons who eat there. Definitely coming again
Cool little place, very intimate (small). The service was decent, not exceptional. For example we asked for everything to come out at the same time well they brought out one dish when it was ready, the next one later, and forgot one.The mango lassi wasn't that great and really tasted like it was almost like food service quality.The naan was pretty awesome and the chicken tikka masala was good.
Great service but not impressed with the food! Chicken took masala was too sweet. Basil chicken kabab had no salt. Shrimps were raw. Biryani was ok.
Ordered the garlic naan to start, then had the paneer bhurji roll. I'm generally a big fan of garlic naan to begin with, but this one was pretty good. Crispy but also fluffy, and lots of garlic flavor. I really liked my roll- the paneer and cilantro and other stuff that I don't remember all went pretty well together. I think there may have been sauces too that complemented the roll. Checked in on Yelp for a free samosa which was also pretty good. The waiters were super accommodating- it took a while for our entire party to arrive, but they didn't rush us at all.
This was the best Indian restaurant that I have been to.  I  usually feel bloated and nauseous after eating at Indian restaurants but after my dinner here I felt great. The lamb with cashew sauce was tender and very tasty. We also had the lentils which were also very well prepared  The chicken samosa and Naan were also very good.  The prices were fair.I have no reservations about recommending this restaurant.
Exceptional food even at 1145pm. I had an event in NYC and did not eat beforehand. I noticed that MasalaWala's kitchen was still open and took an Uber there. I loved the Lamb Rogan Josh and garlic naan. They use a real Indian spicy scale. If you ask for spicy it is spicy. I was very impressed that the food was this good 15 min before they closed. I will be back and will be ordering delivery from here more often.
I went to this restaurant only because of the reviews. Was a sad let down. Im Indian and so i guess have pretty high standards for indian food. Appetizers were very ok...Mains not so much...The naan was so chewy and heavy...!!Was really sad..Dont know how this place got such good reviews!
It is a pretty decent place, small but neat. The food is authentic India, so expect food to be spicy unlike other Indian Restaurants in NYC, We ordered samosa chat, dhai wada, chicken chettinad (Hot) Paneer Tikka Masala, Nawabi Chi Biryani. The chi chettinad was really spicy so i guess its best if you order medium spicy unless you want it fireeee. The Biryani was ok, i guess it is prepared as per lucknowi biryani style. Over all happy with the service and quality.
the service was wonderful, very attentive wait staff who gladly redeemed our free samosas (delicious) we had chicken tikka masala, chicken cashew curry, garlic naan, and the yellow dal along with the samosas and it was too much food for 3 people we ended up not finishing anything.tikka masala was not great but not bad, the sauce was a bit too sweet for me and i feel the chicken was a bit dry, ive had better in queens..the garlic naan was delicious, fluffy and piping hot, we devoured this with the yellow dal which i enjoyed with its strong curry notes.  the chicken cashew was good, sweet and savory, it was a heavy favorite in the group...the service was wonderful but the price are steep for the LES/CHinatown area...bill came out to $75
One word "thieves"!My family was visiting NY (5 people). I found this place through yelp and I read that they offer a lunch special daily from 12 to 4. I couldn't join them, so I wrote down exactly what they should order (since they're not familiar with Indian food and their language is limited). My mom called me a few hours later and told me they were being charged $198! Turns out, they did not give them the lunch special but regular prices. Later they claimed they don't offer lunch special on weekend and once my mom told him that's what it says on their website, the waiter stated that you have to ask for the lunch special menu because they don't give that to people when they walk it! They refused to credit the difference.I'll never visit this establishment again.
What a wonderful experience.  Made a reservation for 6, my BFF brought her hubby unexpectedly and they were more than happy to accommodate us.  My other 3 friends were running late (ended up being 30 minutes late!) but they seated us immediately and took our drink orders and appetizers.  They owner ( I assume) consistently came to our table to check on us and was making jokes constantly about the "poor wait service".  He made us laugh everytime he came around and never cared that our party was so late (even though the place was slammed).  The food came out quickly and everyone loved what they ordered!  AND it was SO affordable!  Even with 7 of us, we each only paid $34 each (including tax and tip...and 2 bottles of wine)I will def. be back!
Food was delicious and came very quickly. The host (I think he might have been the owner) was very friendly and came by several times to make sure we were having a great time.
Wow, I think that was definitely the best Naan I've ever had. We had the fried cauliflower appetizer and a chennai chicken appetizer that was somewhat reminiscent of hot wings (in a good way). Also had some chicken tikka masala, also good, but would ask for them to make it a little spicier. Mango lassi was good, milk chai okay. Service was great, water kept refilled, owner was around, friendly, and seemed to really care.It's a small place, so keep that in mind. We were sitting by the door in winter and slightly bothered by the blowing heater.
Yum! Went for dinner with friends. I had Saagwala and garlic naan. Friendliest owner ever.
great service and hospitality. very friendly people and delicious food. will definitely go again. we loved it.
Really liked this place.The Garlic naan and Paneer tikka masala were both amazing. The waitstaff and the owner were on point. The desert Raas Malai in Rabadi was one of the best I have ever had. This is a must try Indian spot.
Such a cute little spot on the LES.  I had the opportunity of being serviced by the Masalwala himself and his commitment to creating a great experience for all his diners is well-appreciated. Customer service was truly outstanding.  He even made room for my large makeup kit in what is a very small restaurant space. The food was fair in the grand scheme of delicious Indian/Pakistani food.  It was delicious, but not the best Indian I've ever had.  I had the briyani and though tasty, it didn't have me feigning to go back, and I love a good briyani.  I would definitely give the Masalawala another go to taste other menu items, but the draw is more the Maslawala himself than the food.
Service was really fast and food was good.  Pretty much your run of the mill good Indian food.
Disclaimer:  I am not an Indian food expert.  After a trip to Delhi where I got sick every time I ate and my wife ended up hospitalized with E Coli, I swore off of Indian food.  A friend recommended me to go here when I was in NYC.  It was delicious.  I couldn't believe how fresh everything was.  The owners greet everyone and treat everyone like family.  The decor is well done.  It's modern with Indian touches.  I said I was done with Indian food, but Masalawala proved me wrong.  This place was terrific.
awesome food. Do not get Briyani Hot, get it mild (its super spicy). They even have a higher level, called Indian Hot. didnt try it.had the butter chicken, korma, and 2 briyani dishes.
Love this place! The food was incredible as was the service. The owner was there and stopped by to check in on everyone too. It's a small little place, which I love! I'm completely stuffed but can't wait to get home to have more of my leftovers....
I came here with my fiance for dinner.  The family is super friendly and pretty much dragged me in the door even though I already had a reservation.  The waitress was terrible but that's okay because the family was so nice.  She forgot to bring us pretty much everything but she did it with a smile.  I had the chicken tikka masala and my boyfriend had the vindaloo.  We also ordered garlic naan and a few beers.  My boyfriend always says the vindaloo isn't as spicy as he wants it to be and this was no exception.  My dish was good but  I think they use a LOT of cream in the dish or something and it was too much for my system to handle.  So, I got sick.  Really sick.  But maybe it is because I also had a cupcake after this meal and my body didn't like that - who knows.  I would come back here if I am again in the neighborhood but I don't live nearby and I don't think that is very likely.
Went with friends. Malabar tilapia was brilliant. Fresh fish and spices were not overpowering - just the right amount. Also, we had Thumbs Up (Indian cola) after a long time and it brought back kid-hood memories. We met the owner, a soft-spoken gentleman from Calcutta, who certainly knows his food. Will definitely visit again.
I normally don't eat Indian food outside, unless I'm entertaining, and especially when I get it at home. But The Masalawala makes me want to change my thought process. The Kakori Kebabs are amazing, its a defo add to your selection while there. So is the Malai Chicken Kebab.For the apps the Gobi Manchurian and the Paneer tikka are succulent.The Biryani both lamb and chicken are amazing, the meat cooked tender and the rice not oily like most other places. Highly recommend, best Indian food South of Houston!
This no frills Indian place consistently delivers with its hospitable, efficient service and its savory food. Their chicken korma is the best I've ever tried and there's no better way to soak up the sauce than with MasalaWala's garlic naan.
Had a fabulous time here. Started with the vegetarian samosas and paneer. Shared the malai tiger shrimp, chicken vindaloo and lamb brashani. I hate myself for forgetting what the cauliflower dish was called but it is amazing!!! Chinese and Indian mix and it is delicious.
This is my new favorite Indian food restaurant. There are the staples here (chicken biryani and tikka masala for me) and of course they're all fantastic. There are two types of biryani, both are delicious. But there are two things that make MasalaWala stand out among the best; 1) the street food and 2) the costumer service. I'm sure you've had samsosa before, they are delicious, but have you ever had a samosa chat? If you've never been to India you may not have, well worry not, as you can get an amazing one at MasalaWala. Seriously, you may never order a plain old samosa again and I wouldn't blame you.Finally, the service is unbeatable. It's the type of care and attention that you can only get from a single proprietor operated establishment. It's the best that the rotten apple has to offer, local authentic cuisine. This is why you moved from the other america.
Best veggie samosa I've ever had!! Fast delivery, charming restaurant for dine-in, and incredible food.  I'm seriously obsessed with the samosas.  Chicken Saag is fantastic too!Loooooove MasalaWala
OMG, this place is BOMB! Really cute space and amazingly friendly people. So friendly that I'll go back just to talk to them. As for the food, well, the food...yum! In the words of my best friend who is Indian, "this place is legit!".  I ate a lot because I didn't want to waste any of it and because I had eaten only a cup cake all day. I tasted my friend's potato kati roll which was freaking amazing! Nice spices and flavors.  Then came out all of my food - chicken tikka masala, naan, rice, two veg samosas and my masala chai. I did eat it all and I loved every bite. At one point, a gentleman came out of the kitchen and asked where the food had gone. Ha! Everything was perfect! I recommend this place to everyone and anyone who loves Indian food. The prices are good and well, you're stomach will thank you!
Casual cafe with a jaw dropping choice of North India street food. We ordered the Kolkata cauliflower Manchurian and Mumbai bhelpuri as starters and the vegetable rolls as main meal, followed by mango lassi. What a joy!
I am not a mean spirited .. and always take reviews and suggestions to heart but this place ???  The health department needs to shut them DOWN!!!!!folks using their hands to touch the food, everything is microwaved ..
My new fave spot! Masalawala is so tasty  the owner was awesome! It's an authentic meal with a home cooked feel! Loved it! You must get the Gobi muncharin (cauliflower) and the garlic naan is divine!
Our first trip to Masalawala was like some magical moment where I nearly died of excitement at how fantastic the Indian food was at this establishment in the LES. Our 2nd trip was awful. We didn't even end up eating. Everything we loved the first time was gone. We loved the paneer bowl the first go around and thought the prices were so reasonable. You could also order naan instead of rice. Score! And only 10 dollars! The 2nd time around, the menu has changed and so have the prices. The waiter won't sub naan for rice and everything is different. All of the prices went up like 25 percent in a week. I guess all of the good yelp reviews are making the business go to there heads. The server was rude and unhelpful. We ended up just walking out. I'm not normally a type to walk out, but everything that made it so magical and I loved in the first place had virtually disappeared. I anticipated patronizing this business weekly for the months and possibly years to come, but the last experience left a bad taste in my mouth. And, the restaurant was far more empty this time around...Maybe now that the good value and service have dissipated so have the crowds....
PERFECTION!  And that's quite a review of Indian food from an Indian like myself.  Great atmosphere, the best Indian food I've had in New York, amazing location, nice owners, and unbeatable prices.  Before this place opened, it was impossible to find good authentic chai in New York.  You can really taste the love and real spices in all their food.  Last time I went there, I tried the haleem (lamb).  It was only $10 for a full stew with very tender pieces of lamb with naan.  Also, they stay open late, which is another bonus.  THE BEST!
Solid indian food at this unexpected little Indian joint on the lower east side.  The service was outstanding-- all the waiters gave excellent ordering advice-- telling us to skip over some of the blander appetizers for their specialties. The meal itself was simple but delicious-- everyone I was with loved their food.  One gripe I had was the price of the wine (slightly on the high side).  Otherwise, a cute casual place to grab a quick bite!  Definitely not the kind of place to go with a large group for dinner before going out.
I saw this place was highly rated on Yelp, so I decided to come here with friends for dinner on Saturday night. One of them remarked that the space used to house the Essex Ale House, a good old dive bar, and was pleased to see that the new ownership had nicely turned around the decor. The space is very open, although it was a little awkward for the waitstaff to move around and they seemed to spend most of their time hovering in the recess by the register.Since we were a group we decided to get a few dishes and share family style. We started with the bhel puri, a popular Indian snack that at MasalaWala consisted of puffed rice, onions and a tamarind sauce. This was alright; the flavor was fine, but the sauce had dampened the rice and it wasn't as crispy as I would have liked (Tiffin Wallah does it better). The potato and pea samosas, which were free upon checking in through the Yelp app - thank you, Yelp!!! - fared better.For mains we had the tandoori chicken, rogan josh, lamb saagwala and chicken korma. The tandoori was good - flavorful, moist, right amount of spice. The rogan josh was the weakest of the bunch - the flavor was too acidic and otherwise underwhelming. The saag and the korma were both fine, but nothing special. The meat was cooked well in all of the curries, but the gravies - I suppose that's actually the plural of gravy. It looks so weird! - were all weak; they lacked texture, both in their forms and flavors. The consistencies were okay - not too thin - but they were too smooth, as if they'd been pureed in a blender. As someone who's used to feeling a curry in his mouth in addition to tasting it, this was a let down. The flavors suffered from the same problem: they tasted totally uniform - a noticeable absence of any pockets of spice. The rice and naan - we ordered butter and garlic - were alright, but not amazing - the breads were too thin and not bread-y enough to mop up the gravy well. Service was decidedly spotty. Although the space is small, the waiters did a commendable job of avoiding eye contact with us when we were looking to get the check. Also, taking orders on an iPad doesn't make you cool, just awkward when you're scrolling through your menu options.There was nothing terribly wrong with my meal at MasalaWala, but the restaurant didn't do anything really well either, so three stars it is. I was worried that I was exhibiting local bias about an Indian restaurant in my neighborhood, Curry  Kabab, but now I know that it's worth the four stars I'm going to give it. Drop by MasalaWala if you're in the neighborhood, but it's not worth going out of your way to try it.
Wow! So delicious. Fresh food prepared with real passion. Every bite was yummy. Try the tiger shrimp - perfectly cooked and luxurious. Best tandoori paneer in NY. best mango kulfi anywhere. Go!
I was really pleased with my experience here--the food was fantastic!Stopped in on a Monday night around 8:30 PM with a friend, the place was pretty empty. We ordered 2 glasses of red wine off of the wine menu--which really wasn't a menu at all, but just two selections--red or white. We chose red, and the wine was fine, but pricey at $10/pop. Decor was cool--really loved all of the hanging bulbs from the ceiling.Ordered chicken tikka masala and tandoori chicken with vegetable samosas as an appetizer. Things took a bit to come out but it seems like they make everything fresh which is a good sign. Nothing was too spicy but the samosas had a nice kick. Overall, both of our entrees, the naan, the samosas and the chutneys were all delicious, great portions, affordable and filling!The iPad pay system is cool but sometimes, I feel like it almost gets too high-tech. However, it was an innovative touch, as were the bamboo/recyclable plates, though I think they should get slightly bigger ones. The staff was a bit pushy in suggesting desserts but after politely declining twice, we were left alone. I really want to come back and try the lunch special, and will definitely come back for dinner too. A great new option in the area for Indian take out or a casual dinner with a friend.
Good food, good service. I'm surprised isn't this place more popular.I thought the Kolkata Gobi (cauliflower) was really good. The Chiken tikki masala was creamy and delicious. The garlic naan was crispy and flavorful. Would definitely come back here again.
In case you don't want to read the whole review, all I will say is that next to Tayyab's in London....this is the best Indian/Pakistani food I have ever, ever eaten. That also includes my moms cooking which is BOMB. First off - the service is incredible. The owner greets everyone that comes in and the waiters are super relaxed. They seated me without my friend who was running late, and didn't rush me or make a big deal out of it. Really, a restaurant in Manhattan that takes your word that your friend is coming and seats you because its freezing outside??? Wow. Awesome. The menu is extensive and I will say I am a carnivore; meaning I would only eat meat if that was possible. With that said I made a concession to my friend and only ate veggie at this restaurant and WOW - did not miss meat at all! I felt like Steve Jobs the first time he did LSD and conceived of the iPhone...except I was eating the iPhone and it was covered in curry. We had the veggie sampler which was like the first time I got to 2nd base....it was everything I imagined and more and left me hankering for the next level! The pakora were seasoned perfectly, the cottage cheese seared with spices took my mouth to another level of sensation and the veggie samosa was utter perfection. After that we tried the veggie samosa chaat which was another masterpiece that Van Gogh would have given his 2nd ear for if only to use more sensory neurons in his mouth to enjoy the meal. For the main we went with the vegetable jalfrezi which was spicy enough to satisfy my native tongue used to this flavor since birth but also zesty enough to intrigue the more tame American taste palette that isn't ready the jelly that is real South Asian spice. We accompanied this culinary sensation with dual mango Lassi's which would make a man swear off Shake Shack milkshakes to dedicate his life to the tantric study of a drink of this nature. Oh! Almost forgot the waiter recommended the Gobi Manchurian which is apparently one of the specialties of the restaurant. W.O.W. And no that is not world of warcraft - that is WOW as in the first time you tried a beer and realized that another world of sensation and experience beckoned out there. I have never liked cauliflower but this reminded me almost of an Indian General Tso's chicken - except that it was cauliflower and unlike anything I have ever tasted. Thank you to our great waiter for this recommendation.All of this came out to barely $50 which is 5 different dishes plus 2 specialty drinks. If you want booze you can BYOB and complete the experience. For this cost I couldn't believe how good the food and service was. If you want to bathe in the River Ganges I suggest you fly to India - for the food I suggest you head to the Lower East side of Manhattan and transport yourself to the temple of flavor known as Masala Wala. I will be back here immediately.PS - I came home and raved about this place to my roommate. He immediately ordered delivery from this place which arrived promptly as well in case you don't want to leave your couch to enjoy the flavor. He has been converted and is now rocking a red dot on his forehead since. That last part was a joke but I'm sure he considered it. Go eat here....NOW.
Great place. We ordered Dahi Puri, paneer tikka, malai kofta and garlic naan. Everything was good but not too spicy. The owner is very warm and personally goes to each table to talk to the customers, i think that was the highlight of this place :)) we will definitely go back.
Such a cute, intimate space.This place is a gem, an absolute gem. Right when you walk into the door, your mood is influenced by the warm and cozy atmosphere. Our waiter was such an enthusiastic, friendly, and genuine fella.The menu is quite diverse, at least compared to Indian restaurants that I have been to. It's a very fairly-priced place, with a slew of new things for you to try.I, however, wasn't feeling adventurous and went with the Tikka with Chicken. All of the food is cooked with very fresh ingredients, the manager assured us. And what a surprise it was, to have the manager walk to our table on a weekday evening, and talk about our experience and the restaurant's age. It had only been there for two months!I was astounded. Everything seemed so put-together. Two months is not a lot of time for a restaurant to get its act together, at least from what I've seen. This place really had everything going for it. The service, again, is just wonderful.Our food arrived, and initially, I felt that I was going to need to order more. In this case, my eyes were bigger than my stomach. I poured the delicious chicken tikka over my naan and rice and dug in. Such an exquisite burst of flavors. It was definitely familiar, and yet, it felt like I was eating a much more upscale version. I went through the naan pretty quickly, and ordered the garlic naan (which you must have).The garlic naan was the perfect item to end the meal with. I dipped it into the broth and savored every moment. This was really something special.I HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone who enjoys Indian food and is look for a fantastic dining experience. Very well done. Very impressive. I hope it sticks around and maintains its charming character.
We are in the neighborhood every few weeks and look for a new and interesting, but not exorbitantly expensive place for dinner. We intended to eat at Gaia, but it was closed, so we looked at Yelp and found Masala Walla close by. The food was wonderful, full of layers of flavor. The service was friendly and very attentive. Check out the samosa chaat and the mix grill.The check will not bad.We will be back.
Conscientious, attentive and rather generous staff strive to establish more of a 2nd generation SE-Asian-American milieu without losing the taste for and of their homeland(s).  What a relief it was to have full bodied, vibrant peas huddled amongst my fluffed jasmine rice underneath the most tender curried lamb I'd had in recent times.  Free lasse samples and poppadoms were given and could not be forgotten.This restaurant is atypical of its kind.  Smiles all around, and easily the best grub and aesthetic for the price and far better than neighborhood rivals- from Delancey to 7th st at least.  Perhaps less American pop and more indigenous tunes would've made for a more legitimate experience, and perhaps this is irrelevant and presumptuous, but it felt like they were aching to please and compromising a bit of themselves by playing music nobody here wants to hear- don't be afraid to give us something new, most diners would love for you to indulge them in your culture a step past your food.
Do NOT order the shrimp here...Oh gosh, I want to love this place so badly.  It is right around the corner and the staff is so gracious.  I have eaten food from here multiple times and was really excited to see South Indian food prominently available on the menu; the food is only average and here is one reason why:  one of the things we have ordered is the tandoori shrimp entree.  The shrimp-- decently sized-- were from start to finish mealy and lacked any texture whatsoever.  We wondered whether it was the marinade or cooking mechanism but it could not be either-- they clearly were not freshly sourced.  The food literally made me sick to my stomach.  Granted it was just the shrimp that were disgusting.  The chicken jalfrezi is good, not great.  The garlic naan is good, the roti just fair.  However, after such an abysmal experience with the shrimp it is hard to envision wanting to return.
The owner, his dad (?) and an Asian-American intern were all over me through the 45 minutes I spent in this restaurant. What they lacked by way of nimbleness, process rigor, supply chain efficiency and sheer co-ordination, they made up for by enthusiasm, attitude and hospitality. Yeah, that is my way of saying they should get their act together! And, real quick. You cannot keep telling your customers that you are under-staffed and then flash an enchanting smile for a long time :).In terms of food, certainly not disappointing, even though no different from the dozens of Indian restaurants with a similar concept. I had the Sev poori and vegetable cutlet. Not bad at all. It did not remind me of my favorite restaurant in India but what the hell, it was tasty in it's own right.All that said, there is actually no real reason someone will travel a long distance to have food here. But, it will certainly whet the appetite of anyone living within a 5-10 min walking radius of Delancey street. And a side note, do not have the Limca/Thum(b)s up (the Indian 7up/Pepsi) in any Indian restaurant, ever. Most of the stock pre-dates the dinosaur and what happens the morning after is not funny.
Love love love this place!!! 5 star food and 5 star service!!  Our servers, especially the manager were so perfect. Kind, attentive and on their game. We ordered the Chicken Kurma, lamb Briana, sampler, Masada walla (excuse my spelling ). Everything was perfect!  Can't wait to tell people and go back!
I believe this is the best Indian restaurant in NYC.  I know this to be true because I never write reviews but I have to share my experience.  I found this place on yelp and based off the reviews, I decided to try it.The food was MARVELOUS.  Everything was cooked to perfection and scrumptious.  The owner and staff were so helpful and pleasant.  One of the appetizers we ordered was the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian.  This dish is definitely in my top 5 for best things I have ever eaten.  Anyone that lives in or visits NYC and enjoys Indian food should definitely visit the Masala Wala.  You won't regret it.
Such a gem! So found I found this place! Best Indian food I've found in NYC with reasonable prices. This is definitely going to be my go-to Indian restaurant, and def my go-to for delivery this winter time. Everything we tried was delicious. Fantastic customer service as well.Tried a number of things on the menu and nothing disappointed. If you are looking for  Indian food, definitely give this place a whirl.
This place evidently just recently opened that these guys are dying for you to visit. You should, if just to rate it and see for yourself.The wife opened with the homemade mango MasalaWala Lassi, a sort of yogurt-based smoothie. She liked it. For starters, we had the veggie samoa. So good, especially the flaky crust. The dipping sauce was tart a tasty, too.For our entrees, I had the Chole-Bature, which was basically a bowl of seasoned/sauced chickpeas with a side of fried bread. I could have made the chickpeas at home, and perhaps they lacked a little spicy heat, but the fried bread was sweet and to die for. The wife ordered the chicken tandoori and it was phenomenal, every part of it. She also had a side of buttered naan. Let me tell you, they know how to make their breads/carbs here. We had to order another samosa, and received a third on the house!This is a great little place that deserves a chance in the city. However, I would prefer more heat and more sauces to go along with the meal. Therefore the four stars.
To be honest the food was okay, but not stellar, although fairly priced. This place is obviously brand new because the owner's nephews or sons or something are waiting tables - badly. Don't get me wrong, they're incredibly nice, but they put my husband and I at our "reserved" table - right next to the door which blasted us with glacial winds every time it was opened. They were nice about moving us, but we then proceeded to wait twenty minutes just to get a menu. Pretty much everything we ordered they got wrong, including giving me a more expensive glass of wine than I had asked for, and then they spent the evening standing over my husband's chair in order to fawn on some couple next to us who must be famous or something. The chef did the same thing, and then, noticing that we were weirded out, turned to us and assured us that the food was "made fresh". Well, I should hope so!The saagwala was standard, the garlic naan was excellent, the wine was crappy and overpriced and the chai was pretty good. First time in recent memory that I leave a crappy tip - for lack of skill more than for lack of effort. Come on guys, I've waited tables before. A room that small with three of you? Shouldn't be *that* hard.
Outstanding Indian/Pakistani food.  We had a group of 5 so we ordered a broad assortment for everyone to try and everything was excellent.   It is our second visit and will definitely be back on trips to NYC.  Reserve ahead because it's a small place but well worth whatever you need to do to eat here.
Delicious from start to finish. The lamb pasanda was my favorite. Reasonable prices and super-friendly staff.
I went into The Masala Wala several weeks ago with my boyfriend and his mother and sister.  We had reserved a table and it was open upon our arrival.  I am a huge Indian food lover and have eaten at many Manhattan Indian restaurants, but The Masala Wala stands out because it is THE BEST!!!  I'll mention that the service was great, but that is not my focus here.  The items on the menu are so unique, I've never seen many of them on any other menus.  The owner, who is OUTSTANDING, recommended some items that we should try and all of them were absolutely delicious!  Our whole party was extremely pleased with The Masala Wala and we all intend on returning with other guests to introduce them to the very best Indian in Manhattan!  You will not be dissapointed!
Just a little nice-looking one-room Indian restaurant down in the LES. Great, attentive service - the water and wine glasses never went empty. The owner (the MasalaWala himself!) likes to circulate and check how everyone's doing - and as other reviewers have noted, yeah, he's a little bit of a character. But he's a character who gave us a mango ice cream on the house after we'd already paid (and it was good!), so that's my kind of character. We got two chicken dishes, a Chicken Madras (curry style over rice) and a saffron chicken tandoori. Both of them were very good, if not exceptional. And they came out practically immediately - the main courses arrived before the naan. Prices are a bit high, but that's par for the course in the neighborhood. For good food and great ambiance at a not-totally-unreasonable price, I'll give The MasalaWala a 4.
Amazing food and amazing service. You can't go wrong with anything you order, and the chaat is unreal. Uncle Masala Wala is the man.
This place is really great.  I've been twice and the food is superb.  It's also close to all the lower east clubs for a quick meal beforehand.  Highly recommended.
Excellent! Went to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday and we had a lovely evening. Great staff, cozy location.
Quality has fallen off, which is always a bummer with these newer businesses.The flavorings in the saagwala were bland and the texture different, and the past few times I've gotten the chicken it was chewy and tough, so much so that I would just push the chicken aside.  Many months ago, the chicken was always tender and delicious and the dish was more vibrant and full of vegetables and flavor.The Chana Masala (chickpeas) was excellent.I will try them again soon and hope they've gotten back on point.
If you want good indian food for an okay price this is the spot! The staff is very nice and welcoming, especially the owner and the food is very good, with a large selection to choose from on the menu.The restaurant itself is very basic, bare with no great decoration.
I am surprised this place has garnered such great reviews. The owner is a great guy, who stopped by to chat with us. However the food was nothing to write home about. There are far better Indian restaurants in the city.
Me and a friend went there to pick up some food after we read about it on Yelp. We had some chicken and lamb which was really great. Big portions and friendly staff. We got water while waiting and it was fairly quick. Would love to stay next time as it look cosy and genuine.
Amazing Indian food!! Paneer tikka Masla is the bomb!!! And the Somosas are authentic!! Service was flawless!!
The food is good not too spicy just spicy enough. My boyfriend was a first timer to Indian food and the staff was extremely helpful in telling him what he should try. Prices are reasonable$15-22 per entree. I would def go back
I love this small place on the lower east side! Everything is delicious but you have to try the cauliflower app, it tastes like a better version of sesame chicken!
Really good indian food.  Defiantly suggest this place.  We went on their one year anniversary and they gave us free mango lassi's, yum.its a cute lil place on the LES.  We had the Mumbai Samosa, Malai Kofta, Jalfrezi and Garlic Nana.  Everything was good,  We defiantly will go back.
Oh my god. It pains me to write this review because I want to keep this gem to myself. Pause. I want this place to stay open forever though. I got the Wala Grill plate and you could basically cut the different delectable proteins with your pinky, they were perfectly cooked, marinated etcetera. Can do a walk in with a party of two. Thank heavens this exists; if anyone thinks this is a great place and has other recommendations, I'd love to hear them.
I had been wanting to go to Masalawala for a while now..and finally made it there on a Saturday evening at 7 PM. I made reservations on urbanspoon as we were a group of 6. The restaurant was fairly empty for a Saturday evening. We ordered a bunch of things - aloo tikki chaat, sev poori, garlic naan, assorted pakoras, chicken and paneer rolls. The food overall was bland -lacked the indian taste and flavor. The garlic naan was too garlicky!While its cool to use technology and ipads to get your orders in, I think you need to get some of the Indian flavor into your food - the very basis of why someone would come to Masalawala.
I loved this place the first time we were there.  They had an awesome curry bowl special for $10 bucks.  We tried the samosa chaat and some other dish very similar to a samosa but served cold.  The mango and rose lassis were delicious.Second time around, it looks like they not only changed their menu, they took the curry bowl special off of it.  There is a large permanent menu that has the special on it but underneath it, there is a sticker saying menu for display only... So got there at 1pm on a Saturday, there was this other couple that literally walked in through the door at the same time we did.  The place was empty.  Who we thought was the waiter turned out not speak any english and got our order wrong - only after our chicken kabob came out and we rejected it since we ordered lamb kabob did we find out from the boss/manager that he was actually the cook and not the waiter.  Supposedly his waiter/host was running late.  Honestly I think I liked the curry bowls so much more than the other stuff we tried the second time around.  Oh well, I think all the hype is starting to get to them.  Time to find another go to indian place.
Food is very good and authentic in the wilds of lower east-side  hipsterville. The owner is too super-sweet and can grate on your nerves. He loves everybody.  But it's first-rate Indian food on the whole. Chicken tandoori was rather bland, however. Shrimp curry was delicious. Better to get there earlier in the evening when everything is fresh.
Maybe it's the curse of yelp expectations set too high but the MasalaWala was a bit of a disappointment, I have to say. I wonder if the dearth of competing indian restaurants in the immediate neighborhood had a part to play in the restaurant being able to achieve  its coveted 4.5* rating. While the service was good (if a bit over-bearing; the owner checked in continuously and on several occasions violated what would be normally accepted personal space boundaries in the U.S,), the dishes were a bit hit or miss. The Gobi Manchurian (itself less an indian than a fusion with a touch of chinese dish) had rave reviews but at least one of my fellow diners, but then the shrimp dish we ordered as an entree fell well short of the mark. Overall, I wonder if this restaurant is sufficient to provide the touch of exotic that indian starved, trendy seeking LES patrons might crave, yet failing to satisfy one bearing the beginnings of the mark of an indian food connoisseur...
Excellent and entertaining! Best Indian cuisine I've ever had. The one and only MasalaWala made the dining experience so great.  Friendly staff and food was insanely flavorful. I left the restaurant doing a fat and happy dance!!! If you like Indian food --- and even if you don't --- The MasalaWala will NOT disappoint!
Amazzzzing. Loved the food, great music and the owner is one of the nice people you will ever meet.  MUST GO!!!
Yelp rarely lets me down.. this is one of the few times it did. I ordered delivery from this place and ordered the Chicken tikka masala , roti(bread), palow(rice), and mango lassi. The deliveryman was lost even though I am literally a few blocks away. It took the idiot two hours to get the food to me. The food was putrid. The chicken tikka masala was basically tomato paste and a few chunks of chicken with as much masala to run you to the toliet. The chicken was undercooked and just sucked, there was no style or substance. The roti was burned and the lassi was very watery... I cannot believe that other yelpers hold this place in such regard... this place was terrible. STAY AWAY!!!
This is by far my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC.The owner of the establishment always comes up to welcome me back to the restaurant and he does it for everyone that comes in. The staff is very friendly and they make sure to seat you quickly and that your food comes out right on schedule. The water glasses are never left empty and that's always a big plus in my book.The food is great, it's not too spicy where it overpowers the other flavors, and it's not oily at all. The family style portions are a great size as well. To me one of the best things on the menu is not their food but their Masala Chai tea. It is some of the best that I've had and the only ones better were when I travel to India. I love this place and would definitely recommend anyone to check it out. :)
I ordered delivery from MasalaWala. I have not been into the restaurant. The delivery was in the communicated timeframe. I had the samosa chaat which was excellent and the shahi paneer and garlic naan that were both fantastic. I will definitely be ordering from here again.
YELP IN THE NEWS FEB, 2016 : A Yelp employee publicly complained to the CEO that she couldn't afford to buy groceries -- hours later, she was fired: businessinsider.com/tali…____________________________Time/Date: Sunday, NoonType/Quality: Tasty Indian Food. I'm from the bay area, an Indian strong hold--what up Fremont/Sunnyvale/and G camp!, and this was delicious. I've never had such delicate stuffed nann...ugh next time I'm getting 2-3 orders. The sag paneer and our lentil dish were both satisfying and tasty. The blow up bread, sorry I can't remember what anything is called, was also hot and reminiscent of light savory beignets (without the grease). Also, I have no idea what its called, but the puffed rice appetizer with chicken was really good. Price/Quantity : About $20 bucks a person got us an entree per person, appetizers, various drinks, assorted nann, chicken nann and two desserts...I left full, satisfied and with a go to Indian food place. Service/Accessibility: The service is friendly. For some reason it was empty on Sunday. I think all the hipsters were at church, aka trendy brunch spots...thank you! It made for a pleasant experience without a wait. Structure/Ambiance: Its a cozy spot with lots of lighting. I suggest the wall benches to maximize lighting during daylight hours. (one of my cohorts insisted and it was a good seating change) The light fixtures on the roof are pretty cool but its mostly a quality food place vs an experience place. Parking: Our chauffeur had to look for a spot, but joined us after a couple minutes. If you can swing it I recommend training it.Secret thingy: The chef is Nepalese!
I was a little disappointed with this place.  More so with the service than the food.  I went here for a b-day dinner with 2 of my girlfriends.So I ordered the chicken korma, which was good.  I cant even remember what my girlfriend ordered, but one was lamb and the other was a  chicken dish, but they were both just ok.  I also ordered poori bread, which was forgotten about and came at the end of the meal. What a disappointment. It was not fluffy and crispy, but instead soggy and oily.  We did have chai teas after dinner, which I must say were pretty good, but we only ordered 2 and they brought 3.  I also brought in a surprise cake for my friend, which I asked them to bring out after dinner, but they totally forgot. I had to remind them.  Then when they brought it, they didn't even give us any silverware or plates.I felt like for such a tiny place, the waiters were not attentive.  We had to ask for things more than once and we did a whole lot of waiting.  The one waiter was not even knowledgable about the food she was serving.  She insisted the first dish she served me was chicken korma and it was obviously not.  The other waiter shortly after  brought my dish.I wont be going back to this place.
Wow! Amazing Indian food, really the best in New York! Great service and MR MasalaWala was there himself to ask us for our feedback after our fantastic meal!
We went to this place after Lina Frey (our actual destination) was having an unannounced salsa night, and we were unable to keep our reservation there.  The food was just fine - in fact, my husband's lamb stew was amazing.  However, the courses came out of order or all at once, and service was lackluster, at best.A good option for late night Indian food though, and reasonably priced.
Had the takeout after reading all the great reviews. Place had nice ambiance when I went. Decided on the the classic chicken tiki masala. The dish was delicious and sauce was light but very flavorful. The garlic naan was fluffy and tasty. Would definitely order again or go there to eat.
Delicious! Great place with friendly owner. The garlic nahn is delicious. We ordered the chicken masala and the grilled shrimp- unbelievably good! The cauliflower special is what they Are known for and the flavor was ridiculous! I don't even like cauliflower, but this dish was the best.
Amazing! I can't express how wonderful the dining experience and food was. We got the aloo chaat as an appetizer. It's a winner! Actually all the chaats are grand!I highly recommend the chicken madras and cheese chilly naan!!I've been to India and this is the closest in quality and hospitality in the city! The owners father, who made us all call him 'masalawala man,' is a gem and made the experience for us. Thank you :) we will be returning!
Very impressed with first time delivery order at MasalaWala. Had the Saagwala Lamb Curry and the flavor was perfect, with fresh spinach and great combination of spices. Order time estimated at 45 minutes, took about 15! Will definitely be ordering here again.
Beat Indian I've ever had in NYC and I'm native NY takeout queen. Had the chicken jafrezi. The waiter helped steer me to this dish as I wanted something more spicy than chicken tikka masala and less spicy than madras. Meat was perfect and not too dry, flavor was intense as was hoped for and expected from Indian food. Best mango lassi of my life. Would have liked a little more rice is my only observation that and naan does not travel well which was my fault for even considering ordering it for delivery. $15 for the entree $5 for the lassi, totally reasonable for Indian food.
Came here on a Saturday night and had an excellent time. The restaurant itself is a bit small and tables are a bit tight but overall it had a very friendly atmosphere with very good service. Came here with my husband with a gilt city voucher ($50 for two starters, 2 entrees, bottle of wine and a dessert to share) which I thought was a steal! It's hard to find a great date spot for $50 in nyc that actually has good food and service! But this place is it.The LES is a very festive area and this restaurant fits perfectly into the neighborhood. Although its a bit loud and we heard the entire conversation of the couple sitting next to us and it didn't have strong air conditioning, we didn't find at all. With the kitchen in the back with view of the cooks and the owner walking around making sure everyone was happy with their service, this place puts a smile on my face!We had the samosas and a chaat for starters and a pinot grigio as our wine since it was so hot outside that day. Wine was okay, smooth and refreshing, but it seemed basically for free for the price we paid for the gilt voucher, so I didn't expect an amazing bottle. For dinner we had the chicken tikka masala and the lamb kakori kebab and some naan. Both were very delish and tasted like homemade Indian food! If you come here with only 2-3 people, only one order of naan is perfect since they give you like 5 pieces which is more than enough. The portions are fairly large. I could barely finish my entree but i wanted to keep eating since it was so good. For dessert, we had mango ice cream. I am usually more of a chocolate person, but Indian restaurants don't usually have chocolate. I was a bit dispointed as I was hoping they would have kheer (indian rice pudding) but they didn't. But the mango ice cream was very creamy and perfect for a hot saturday night.I would definitely come back here with a group of friends or on a date again. Although they are probably less busy earlier in the evening, if you come on a Saturday/Friday night, reservation is probably best so you can get seated right away. As we were leaving, the owner was so cute and shook my husband's hand and thanked him for coming. I noticed he did that with every guy that came  ate at the restaurant. Something you don't see quite often anymore.
One of my favorite Indian restaurants in New York City. Not only is the service excellent - the owner is so genuinely thankful for your business, but the food is excellent. The owner remembered me from my first visit, and was so excited to see me back that he gave me a free dessert. Highly recommend this great restaurant!
What a charming little restaurant which we probably would have never found if not for a gilt city offering. Our deal included 2 starters, 2 entrees, 1 dessert and 1 bottle of wine. Almost no restrictions, even on the bottle of wine (just not Riesling or bubbly).They even honored a yelp checkin for a free samosa. That delicious samosa (probably best I ever had) was an omen for the rest of the meal. For starters, we had excellent cauliflower and a chili chicken. One of the entrees was a lamb vindaloo - the lamb was tender and the sauce fragrant and delicious. The other dish was a flavorfuI shrimp dish. I wish I lived in the lower east side because I would go here weekly if I could, not only for the food, but for the smooth service and the welcoming MasalaWala himself - his hug goodbye was genuine!
We had been waiting for these guys to open after walking past with our dog over and over.  Seeing Indian Street Food as a staple of their menu was exciting for me.  Tough to get the many types of puri's down here in the LES. The place has GREAT Indian food.  The owner is super nice and is always checking on how you like the food and the rest of the service is great as well.  We've eaten there a few times and gotten delivery at least 5 times already.  All the food has been great.  Definitely try some of their southern specialty dishes in the Dhaba style section.  They're all excellent. Tells your friends!  And don't forget they're open til like 3am on weekends and have kati rolls!!
I came with a group of friends using a Gilt City deal.  We left sick to our stomachs because the food was just too good to let go to waste.  The service was fantastic (the owner was walking around the whole time), the menu is creative, and the food was insanely flavorful (murgh dahiwala was a big hit).  Will definitely return.
The truth Indian experience in a little superb awesome comfortable location.  The service is amazing thanks to the small size of the restaurant, but don't be deceived...the food taste like as authentic as the larger than life giant Indian gods.
Went here this evening with a group of 5. Really very good food, and excellent, courteous service. Our waiter was able to recommend some really fab dishes. The menu is great, and clearly marks vegetarian/vegan/meat dishes so it was easy to navigate. Lots and lots of vegan and veggie dishes. Yummy naan breads, and yummy chai to end of a lovely dinner. Lots of food, so have some for lunch tomorrow.Ambiance was a little loud but we could just about hear each other.  It was nice and casual, no airs and graces, but still felt like a quality restaurant. You could dress up or down and fit right in. Nice open door that let in the summer evening. It is a small place but it did not feel claustrophobic.One of our group is Indian and she said it was the best Indian food she had eaten in the city (and she has been in NYC for over 6 years).I love Indian food, and will definitely be back.- the food was great and I loved how there were many options for me (a vegetarian fussy eater), and for the meat eaters in the group. Every one found something to please them.Dinner, and a beer, with a starters to share, and chai tea to end, with tax and tip, ended up as $40 a head. Amazing value.Would highly recommend.
Hands down the best Indian food I've ever had. Good food good atmosphere and we got to meet the man Masala Wala himself. Service is on point and the food is amazing. Well worth the trip to the lower east side from any part of the city.
Try the thums up soda (notice the non existence if b)  it's definitely worth trying :)
They have the best INDIAN FOOD in the city Hands Down! I live in midtown and would travel all the way to Essex St just to get a plate of their authentic indian. I highly recommend this place over any other place in New York. A+
Some friends and I were visiting from Europe and were craving Indian food. We looked to Yelp to help narrow the vast options in NYC. We were not disappointed! The wait staff were attentive and timely. Our food was delicious! We started with the Veg sampler and the Pakora was amazing! We split chicken Vindaloo and Paneer Saagwala. Both were delicious and just the right amount of spice (we ordered them both medium). The owner personally came to talk to us and even gave us a free dessert. We were very pleased with the whole experience and got our Indian food craving satisfied!
Are you in the mood for mouth watering food from the exotic subcontinent of India? If you are then head to Masalawala! Everything from the food to the paintings on the wall are delectable! It's hard to find such personal and friendly service these days in this bustling metropolis of NYC but at Masalawala you feel like you get the same greeting from the staff as you do from your family after a long time away from home! The baigan berta and chaat left me wanting more and more, which I could afford because of the extremely reasonable prices. If you haven't had a good meal that hits the spot, head to this restaurant, or even if you're tired from a night on the town, BYOB to Masalawala for a relaxing, fun way to end your evening. I personally have been to a multitude of Indian restaurants, I have curry coming out of my ears! But none can compete with Masalawala's prices, food  ambience. Loved it!
Love this place! I've eaten here lots of times because the food is really delicious and flavorful. And the portions are generous too.
This is a great Indian restaurant. The food is fresh, the ambiance pleasant, the owner welcoming, and the wifi free. Looking forward to eating more meals in the restaurant and ordering delivery. They're open late, which is really nice.
The food is not 100% consistent but the service is always strong. This is one of our regular stomping grounds and the owner ("I am THE Masala Wala") always makes sure to shake every single person's hand...sometimes multiple times.  I've had the meat dishes, apps, vegetarian dishes and I'd rate them all a 4/5.  Can't go wrong with the chai and garlic naan.  I need to try their lunch specials.
This place has THE best tikka masala curry in the city. Its a tiny place with a very friendly owner. We had initially gone to Spice Market but were turned off by their lack of vegetarian choices since most items were premade in bulk. So, we ended up grabbing some drinks and desserts and heading over to the masalawala. We were in absolute heaven. The  portion sizes were generous, the food was fresh and yummy tangy.  Its definitely our new favorite indian joint in the city for both value and deliciousness. The only so-so part was the bearly chilled beer. however, we mentioned it to the owner and I'm sure they will fix that as they seemed quite receptive to customer suggestions.  We didn't get any freebies to try, but left with enough food for two for the following day!Definitely check out this place before the crowds find it!!
Had a lot of indian cuisine over the years and Masala Wala will be one of the ones I will always remember. Amazing traditional south asian cuisine and a wonderful owner. Ask if Roni is around, an upstanding business owner and personality. He made me feel welcome at a time when I was hatin on New York. Thanks Roni!
Extremely tasty and healthy options for both vegetarians and meat eaters. Serveice was fast and employees were nice as ever. I recommend the Palak Paneer.
Awesome RollsI used to visit The Kathi roll company in NY every time I visitedThis time I took the china town bus and landed here My Friend and I ordered the aloo roll and the paneer rollsWhich were both amazing Those were way better than what one would get at the Kathi roll CompanyThe roti/wrap was much better and so was the paneer/aloo (potato) fillingWe also ordered the dahi puri, which turned out to be pretty goodmoderately spiced and perfectly seasonedSometimes a lot of places just shower chaat with masala, but it was not the casewith this placePrices were really decent, the 2 of us had 3 dishes in all and paid $18
I came to The MasalaWala at the end of the food tour I organized for my birthday. Not to knock this place, but it was the least memorable of the places visisted that day. The food here is great, but the portion sizes are much smaller compared to other Indian restaurants. First off, this restaurant is really, really small. If you know you want to come here, make a reservation. I made a reservation, and I was glad I did. The walls are covered with paintings of India's country side. Bollywood songs play in the background. For, the songs were very enjoyable as they were nostaligic. A number of the songs were from movies I heard in my youth; I am Indo-Caribbean, and lived in my parents home country as child and was immersed in all aspects of the culture, including the Indian aspect. The owner is a very nice guy. He checked up on our table, told a joke here and there. I read other reviewers saying he was too invasive. I didn't think he was at all. In Indo-Caribbean culture, as in Indian culture, we are thought to be very homely to our guests, so I think some have misinterpreted his presence.The food here is very good, some of the best Indian food I have had. However, the portions are way too small. For example, the non-veg sampler was ordered as an appetizer. Whenever I order this at an Indian restaurant, a decent selection kabobs, and other meat selections arrive. However, the appetizer here could only do for 1 person. I know it's the city and the perception is you have to pay more for less, but with Indian food, that should not be the case. Eating at an Indian restaurant should be a communal experience. Since I was the only person at my table with any real experience eating Indian food, I thought I would be able to order the dishes for the table and we all share. However, when I saw the portion sizes, I knew this would not possible. I believe one of the important experiences to have at an Indian restaurant, and other ethnic restaurants in general, is to try as many dishes as you can. Nonetheless, my dish was very good. I ordered the Madras Chicken, which is a South Indian curry. I have an affinity for South Indian dishes because I know my many ancestors who were sent to the Caribbean during British colonialism were South Indian. Therefore, when I eat South Indian food, I feel I am eating something my ancestors may have eaten. The dish was excellent, and spicy. I wish I had more of it to eat and share. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants really good Indian food with a great staff. However, if you want to have communal experience, this may not be the best choice.
The service is great, the food is great, you'll get tons of attention from the lovely staff. I had my birthday there with about 9 people, and we all fit even though it's small. Everyone was shocked by how good the food was. You'll love this place- just make sure to have a reservation if you have a big party- it's small.
okay, masalawala, apparently the door to your restaurant is also a gateway to some weird twilight zone where my friend's and my clear "thank you, but leave us alone now" vibes suddenly become "stop everything and please, please tell us more."i'm sorry because nowhere else on this earth will those vibes, delivered by seasoned professionals, be misread (ignored?? unnoticed??) so badly.a hello-thank you-enjoy your meal is always welcome and appreciated, but please know when to give us some space. my friend and i were catching up and landed on some decidedly heavy dinner conversation, but were constantly interrupted by prolonged and forced interaction with our likely well-intentioned server and the apparent owner of the restaurant (comments that we realized may have been attempts at friendly jokes, mumbled replies that could have been helpful answers to our questions about items on the menu...).luckily for the masalawala, the food was pretty good - we had shared the chicken tikka and some naan (safe and killer combo) and though the food wasn't very spicy, it was yummy and a decent portion size. my friend, who was trying indian food for the first time (reluctantly, too) had miraculously been converted to really enjoying it.because of all this, i waffled between three and four stars - four for the miracle, three for the fumbles. i was leaning towards four, as food should ultimately be the deciding factor, but unfortunately i realized that the rest of the meal just hadn't been up to par.i had checked in on yelp for a free samosa, which was not at all appetizing; my friend and i didn't even finish it (and it was one half-palm of a samosa split between two people, one of whom loves indian food, and food in general). i also got the rose lassi, which was only okay. tart but oddly not very refreshing. maybe i should have gone for the mango for that extra hint of sweetness, but we'll never know now.there's definitely an A for effort here, and i applaud the fact that the owner puts so much of his energy into his restaurant (and that our server was definitely, painfully trying). maybe at a different time we could have enjoyed the enthusiasm, but bottom line is: we didn't.
We tried this place thru Groupon and we rarely go back but this is the case when we did, we did and even ordered home delivery. I love that place. The interior is not ideal and small but for me food is more important. Also it`s very nice that the owner personally comes to you to ask if everything is okay and then thanks you when you leave.
We picked this place on a whim for 12 of us visiting from out of state.  The owner came by and made sure we felt very welcome, including the 5 kids.  The food was VERY good and the atmosphere excellent.  As a group we tried just about everything and were very happy with it all.  I would definitely come back.
Came here with a party of 7 and couldn't have had a better time. The owner was so kind and clearly excited to serve us. I felt like we were guests in his home. And the food was delicious. I'll definitely be back!
In NYC with my lady for the weekend and I have to say we were both impressed when dining at Masala Wala. Fantastic service and great food - we really loved the Kolkata Gobi and the Mango Kulfi. Wish we had this restaurant locally, but we will make it a point to return to Masala Wala when we are back in NYC !!
My husband calls this place the best Indian food in the Manhattan,  and I have to agree.  I've never had better Indian food in this part of the city (reverend silence for the dosas in Jackson Heights....).   Something about the seasonings here is so good I actually start to see double.  My favorite is the Palak Paneer, and my husband usually gets the Chicken Tikki Masala.  We've also tried the Lamb Bhuna Rolls, the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian cauliflower dish, the naan, all excellent.  We live down the street and order from here once every week or two.  The delivery is very quick and friendly.  My only regret is we didn't start eating here when it first opened.  Now, Bhuna get in my belly....
It was simply ok.  Brick lane is much better in my opinion.  Food was spicy but lacked flavor.  Nan was ok.
I'm really picky about my Indian food, and I have to say that I really love this place. I've had the dhal makhani and another lentil dish that were both amazing. The masala tea (I'm a bit of an aficionado) was really great too. In fact, writing this review is making me want to go back right now!
Great food and even greater staff. Met the MasalaWala (the owner) himself, wonderful man who truly cares about the quality of his food! We were a party of 12 rowdy people  yet they were very accommodating. I recommend the chaats, chili chicken, tandoori chicken, and the garlic naan!
This is by far one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to in the tri-state area, or for that matter, outside of India!  Three things make it so - Food, Ambience,  Hospitality. Lets start off with the beverages.  The Pink Chai is to die for - an authentic Indian style tea flavored with exotic spices like saffron and served piping hot every time!  I've ordered it without fail every time I go to the restaurant.Moving on to the food - The Chicken Shahi Korma is by far my favorite dish on the menu.  Frequently, other Indian restaurants tend to overload the dish with heavy cream resulting in a very unpleasant feeling afterwards.  The Shahi Korma at Masalawala is delicately spiced and the chicken cooked to its tender best.Ambience - I love the fact that an Indian restaurant, and a small one for that matter, has chosen to play classical music by Shivkumar Sharma - a noted santoor player from India.  The music is subtle and soothing as compared to the loud Bollywood fare that is traditionally played by Indian restaurants in the area.Hospitality - The owner is an extremely caring and hospitable individual.  He always makes it a point to check on his patrons to ensure that they are enjoying every bit of their time at the restaurant and makes sure that the food is up to par.  The servers are attentive and give you time to choose your dishes, as opposed to rushing you into ordering.
A great place for dinner.  I would really give it 4.5 stars, but 5 stars seems fair.  I lived in India for a year and am VERY picky about Indian food.  I'm generally disappointed with restaurants here and never return.  This isn't the best Indian I've had in New York (I think Tamarind is better) but it's also quite a bit cheaper than Tamarind, and overall a very different, much more casual experience. Everything we had was really tasty, and the service was really wonderful.  A very nice atmosphere overall, good prices, and I will definitely be back.
This place was as good as expected. I'm a newbie to Indian cuisine and loved everything out waiter recommended (chili chicken, lamb roll  chicken Tika masala). The owner was there and came by to say hello. Very friendly. I would definitely go back.
My friend and I came here for the first time tonight. I've been in downtown manhattan for 13 years and have never written a public restaurant post but feel obliged to tonight... . This is a small spot on a unexpected piece of Essex, that will need to expand soon - for very good reason. The staff and owner treated us so well and the food was Indian comfort food at its best. I ordered a whole meal to go for my BF who couldn't make it. And for vegans, they indicate which dishes are vegan, which are varied and super indulgent. Go here!
The food was subpar.  The naan was raw in the middle.  We ordered and other people coming in after us were served their appetizer and meal before we were served ours.  I am not going back there and would not recommend it to anyone.
Found this restaurant last night completely at random when two others we were considering were already closed. Of course we had consulted Yelp first, so we saw the 18 prior comments, all terrific. So we headed on, hoping to find it still open. Knowing it was scheduled to close at 11pm, we rushed in as best we could, arriving at 10:45 and found the owner and his father eager to stay open to accommodate two hungry travelers heading home to Brooklyn after a long weekend away. What a terrific find! The space is lovely and clean, the menu is broad and interesting, and food is fresh and prepared with obvious care and authenticity. The owner, a young guy with, as it turns out, a good handful of business ventures going on and a rather busy day job, is friendly, energetic, congenial and really bright -- the kind of guy you genuinely hope has success in everything he does, and probably will. His father, retired from his prior career, happily does the cooking, lending a lovely family atmosphere to the restaurant. We'll be back to try more dishes here. Definitely worth the trip.
My friends and I were so excited to try this place, especially after reading all the reviews. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to what we read. It took us 30min to get our chai. The lamb kabob was completely inedible. I don't think I have ever taken one bite at a restaurant and refuse to eat it. The paneer kati roll was completely dry and flavorless. I think the best thing we had was the Gobi Manchurian and even that wasn't something to write home about.
Had dinner here with my wife tonight. Everything was amazing! The service was impeccable and the food, oh the food was simply divine. This was the best Indian food we have ever had. It was truly a divine experience. We ordered the Vegetarian Mumbai Samosa, Aloo Papri Chaat, naan, Chicken Tika Masala, and I can't remember the name of my wife's dish but it was all so delicious. Our taste buds were dancing and every dish that came out was better than the last. Then the owner came over to see how we were and I told him without a doubt we would be back and I would be sure to tell everyone how wonderful everything from the service to decor to food was! It really is a gem! We will definitely be back! We highly recommend this place! He was so kind, genuine and grateful to have the opportunity to share his food with us. I even got a hug when we left. It was truly a wonderful experience!
The food: OUTSTANDING!!! We ordered the 5-course lunch and split it between 2 people (the waiter expressed disapproval that we were splitting a meal that is "only meant for one person" but allowed us to order it for the same price anyway). It ended up being the perfect size for us (2 women) to split and be satisfyingly full but not stuffed. The 5 courses allowed us to taste 5 different dishes offered at the restaurant and the fact that they were all so good speaks volumes about the restaurant overall.The atmosphere: Very attractive and well decorated! Classy!The service: This is the only aspect that keeps the restaurant from getting a 5-star review. The waiter didn't say much and didn't seem to be very attentive. I initially took it as a little rude and stand-offish considering his job is to be the opposite. However, he may have just been really reserved and not speak much English. Not sure.Overall, it is absolutely worth a stop and we will surely be back!
Loved the food, felt like the spices were prepared fresh and no canned tomato paste was used.  Great service, hospitality and overall value.  Mango kulfi at the end was extra delicious...thank you Mr. Masalawala!
Got here early for an evening meal. When I made a reservation there weren't many options and yet when we turned up the restaurant was empty?! The service was decent, very efficient but not super friendly. The food was good, the chicken in our curries was tender but wasn't any white meat. The starters (samosas and bahjis) were delicious and very tasty. The food and experience overall was good but the whole place felt a bit grubby round the edges. The glasses were dusty, the sink in the bathroom was dirty and I found a hair in my food. I couldn't be 100% sure it wasn't mine even though I was pretty sure it wasn't, so I didn't complain. The price was good value and we did enjoy our food, but we won't be rushing back...
Awesome food and service. I ordered the chicken vindaloo and asked for it very spicy and they did not disappoint. Very tasty and meat was very tender. Waiter was attentive and the owner (?) even came by to crack a couple of friendly jokes.
I walked into Masalawala, predetermined to give it at least 4 stars. Having heard rave reviews and glancing at the enticing menu, it came as a big surprise to me that it could be SO disappointing. Giving them the benefit of doubt, perhaps our order was all wrong? But  with over 18,000 restaurants in NYC, I have no time to give second chances to such places. We were quickly seated on a Sunday evening. My eyes didn't miss the fact that I was the only Indian in this packed restaurant. That was the first sign. This is how I can tell if an Indian restaurant is truly authentic - by the number of Indians eating Indian food. Now there, before you start judging me, please note that my Russian boyfriend asked me to give Masalawala 0 stars. Gobi Manchurian was laid on our table super fast. Oops, too sweet. Too red as well. Tip: Please eat the Gobi Manchurian at Chinese Mirch and learn. Chicken 65 next. Are you kidding me? Seriously, it looked like one of those ready to eat Indian meals you get at Whole Foods. Actually, I would pick Whole Foods over this one any day. Dahi Puri. Stale yogurt and dry as hell. I promise that I can make a better one at home. Kakori Kabab. They got the name wrong. It was chicken sheesh kabab without salt. The only thing I enjoyed was the Indian soda, a salted Thumbs up that required no talent.  Two stars is a stretch here but I feel generous today.
What a find...  I had to put a party together 15 for finicky eaters and everything was yummy..   Tasty and easy on the checkbook.
This place is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city and one of my favorite restaurants overall. The restaurant, though small, takes reservations and you never feel to cramped. The food is just.... perfect. Authentic, fresh, and bursting with flavor. The prices are very appropriate for the quality of the food. The descriptions of the food are accurate so you know exactly what you are getting. The owner, The Masala Wala, walks around talking to customers and making sure they are having a good meal. He is such a nice guy and the service here overall is great!
What an amazing place!!! The food was phenomenal, the service was great (the owner who is super warm and kind actually came to our table numerous times to make sure everything is well) and on top of everything- the prices are descent. Will definitely come back!!! Highly recommended!
Ended up here with help from yelp a couple weeks ago  we all LOVED it! From the super sweet  generous owner to the amazing food, not a bite was left  it was an excellent dining experience. Wine was paired nicely and we had a blast with the owner  wait staff. Can't wait to go back soon!
Very good Indian food but I made the mistake of telling them to make it extra spicy not knowing it was already quite spicy.  Very tasty but could not eat it as it was way too hot.  Atmosphere was very nice and service was excellent.  Would go back again but would be more careful on what to order.
I'm a fan and will be going back. Great food, best I have since being in London. Waiters are not that swift tho.. had to ask twice for drinks, he brought an app with main dishes, etc. However, that said the owner runs the show there and made up for it. He really was trying hard to keep on top of his staff and make sure guests were having a good time. He was a character and we enjoyed it! He sent over a lot of mango ice cream on the house and really made me NOT be upset about the waiter not being so on the ball :) Go check it out! MUST - cauliflower house specialty app. I'm a true meat lover.. I thought it was chicken, so good.
The owner here really cares about you and his food having an enjoyable time together. Everything here is made fresh with fresh spices and tons of flavor. First off the street food 'chaat' is so good its addictive, the bhel puri is crunchy, sweet, savory and perfect appetizer. The naan is fluffy, crispy and perfect for scooping up chicken madras, saag paneer, lamb korma or whatever Indian staple is your favorite, everything is good here. Sitting outside is nice, but the traffic on Essex can sometimes be overwhelming and loud. They also have the large size kingfishers, which if accompanied with a djarum black, (now illegal in the US) would take me right back to India.
I have been to many Indian restaurants including the Michelin rated tamarind TriBeCa , but the masalawala is the best, both in food and service . Some of the items are better than I ever had in India itself It's amazing .here is the only Indian restaurant whr u will feel that u are served by ur own family member. This personal touch is missing in all the so called high service upscale restaurants in NYCI went three for the 4th time and I must say that he service has deteriorated in the last two visits. The food wasn't that good either.
After reading some reviews, I did not think this place would be empty when I walked in. I guess it's not a go-to for lunch? Anyway, I ordered the chicken tikka masala, butter naan, and free a samosa for checking in! The vegetable samosa came first and it was flaming hot. It came a sweet and sour type sauce that was red on the bottom and green on top, not a big fan on the sauce. The samosa is okay, I've had better. The chicken tikka masala was really good! It's sweet, sour, and a little spicy. There were a few large chunks of chicken. Some piece were very tender, some pieces were very tough. So it's not perfect, but the favor of the sauce was to my liking and just enough rice on the side to go with it. I barely touched the butter naan, I forgot about it and it got too cold. Should have shared it with my friend instead of us ordering two. The portions are satisfying. She ordered the shrimp saagwala and she very much liked it. Service was overall good. They refilled our water glasses multiple times right before finishing or quickly right after finishing although they may appear to be out of sight sometimes.
This is a great casual, but inviting and cool, place for a terrific Indian meal. The service is outstanding, no complaints at all. Very reasonable prices for plentiful yummy food.First, check in on foursquare for a free veg. somosa - Yum. The chili panneer and chicken panneer are both very good, but now I want to try the chicken somosa since the free one was so great.We had the lamb vindaloo, lamb rogan josh and chicken tikka masala. Excellent, tender meat. We ordered spicy and they were like, tingly but not overpowering. Actually, maybe could have been a tad more spicy, but still delicious. All served with plenty of fluffy, perfectly cooked, rice. Garlic naan is great. Order extra, no charge, green mint sauce (comes with the samosas) to dip. Standout side creamed spinach is a must for spinach lovers, or the spinach with shrimp entree would probably be to die for. No runny white stuff, just awesome. Pistachio ice cream was good, could have a bit more nut flavot. Dense, like it was made with yogurt instead of milk/cream.Beer/wine only. Family owned, with the owner always on premises checking to make sure everything is perfect.Def. be back. It's great food in an area with lots to do and many places for cocktails before or or after.
Just received my order, and it's hot and delicious enough for me to write a quick review.  I got the potato croquettes (the guy kindly helped me pronounced the real name on the phone), which are perfect with the sauces they give you.  The lamb is flavorful and just the perfect portion.  If you want a satisfying street-food style meal, delivered and better quality, give this place a try!
The Mumbai samosa was great and a nice size.  We had the chicken shahi korma and the murgh dahiwala.  Both were very flavorful although we loved the korma.  Nice portions.  The place is small but the atmosphere is very nice.  Service was appropriately attentive.  We would definitely visit again.
Garlic naan was fluffy and warm. Service was quick and good. Owner came over to talk.
Delicious, authentic Indian food is hard to find in the city.  The Masalawala with their array of "chats", well cooked meat has achieved that feat.  Went there on a Gilt City voucher last night and the food was excellent.  I have ordered from them a couple of times in the past and they have never disappointed.  The food is spiced just right, meat is very well cooked and tender, the wide array of vegetarian options is sure to please a non-meat eater.  Along with the romantic ambiance, service is on point.  The owner is very friendly and makes one feel at home immediately.  The Masalawala rocks in every department!
All super good. Chicken madras, garlic naan and a mango lassi. The owner and wait staff were very nice.
Walking in the Lower East Side on a sort of impromptu date, we stumbled onto this place, read the menu outside, and decided to give it a go. We didn't really know what to expect, it was kind of empty, didn't necessarily seem popular, then again it was early in the afternoon. We were so pleased with the outcome! They give you a decent amount of food, and it was DELICIOUS. I would definitely, definitely return. The bhindi  masala was superb and the naan was soft and wonderful. I definitely recommend it!
This place is a gem! Loved every bite - and so thankful we got in on a Friday night (reservation recommended next time!). We started with the Assorted Pakora Basket - and it was all terrific.  We shared 3 entrees: the Gughni n' Puri, the Mattar Paneer, and the Shahi Korma. The Korma was our hands-down favorite, but it was all wonderful. We ate every bite, sopped up with light, fluffy naan. My friends also had Thumbs-Up! and lassis. Needless to say, she was thrilled to find Thumbs-Up! stateside. We all left happy and stuffed.
Wow. The Masala Wala is amazing. The service is top notch and the owner is the sweetest man. All the meal is Halal and high quality. We tried a number of dishes but the stand outs were the Chennai Chicken, Kati Rolls, Veggie Saagwala and chicken tikka masala. The baingan barta was delicious but very garlic heavy so not for for those that dont absolutely love garlic. The only downsides is that our corner was a little warm since it was behind the A/C and it was a very hot day and none of the drinks are served with ice unless you ask for it. I will definitely come again and again and again.
CHEAP lunch special! $7 gets you 2 samosas as an appetizer, soup or salad, and an entree. Clean, quiet at lunch time and attentive staff. Also a perk if you check in on Yelp!
Such a great experience. Garlic naan is so brilliantly made with just right amount of Garlic and oils, with marbled oven burn marks to give it texture and flavor. I had the lamb josh rogan which was very good. Get the mango chutney for the naan. I'm going back.
Delicious food and authentic flavor! Come here if you want a real taste of some of the best Indian food.
The food at The MasalaWala is just okay. I've had better Indian food at many other restaurants for half the price. Don't get the Salmon Tikka ($17), it tastes just like salmon you can broil/grill at home and it was 4 small pieces. Everything else was decent but I wouldn't come back here for any of their dishes. The owner and the servers were very friendly and nice, but that can only go so far.
As I'm writing this I can still taste the deliciousness of what I just ate, although I know it won't last.When we arrived at the restaurant, as a party of four, there were no suitably sized tables available due to a large reservation. The owner gravitated toward us almost immediately and moved two smaller tables together which was perfect. The restaurant seats around 25 so for larger parties you should probably book in advance, on a Saturday night the place filled up fast. We started with several appetizers which we ate from [biodegradable] paper plates, a nice authentic touch as this is how the food is eaten when bought from street venders in India. As we had been proudly told by the owner, everything is made fresh to order using recipes originating from his family back in India. My god the food delicious!! On a recommendation by the owner, the self-titled MasalaWala, we tried the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian (a fried, spiced cauliflower dish served in a lettuce leaf) and the Chennai Chicken 65 (chicken marinated in spices, then fried), both were amazing and I would order both again in a heartbeat.For entrees we ordered Lamb Rogan Josh and Chicken Tikka Masala (both recommended by the owner), also Matter Paneer. The Tikka Masala sauce was rich and creamy (delicious!) while the lamb was incredibly tender and flavorful.For dessert we ordered both the Rabri Ras Malai and the Gulab Jamun. Right before they arrived we were also given a complementary Kulfi. All three were outstanding and I recommend you try your hardest to save room for them.The staff were incredibly friendly, particularly Roni the owner who is so proud of the food he and his chefs masterfully create. The food arrived fast (I'm sure helped by their use of iPads to take orders) and was some of, if not the, best Indian food I have ever had. The place is only six months old and my main worry, given it's small size, is that within not too long it's going to be difficult to get seated. Try it, you won't regret it!
Fantastic. Some of the best Indian Food I've had anywhere  great, clearly marked Vegan options, if that's your prefernece. The owner made it a point of making each guest feel welcome, going around to tables, etc. Will be going back for sure.
This is the best Indian food I've had in NYC for the price.  Has the flavor of Tamarind or Devi, without the ridiculous prices.  And more fresh flavor and take on Indian than a the places on Curry Row on 6th st. in the village or Curry Hill.  I've been to India and UK, and this is the best in NYC.
I've been coming to the MasalaWala since it opened last year, and it never disappoints! Haven gotten deeply immersed into Indian culture and cuisine over the past 8 years, and after sampling most South Asian and Indian restaurants in the greater NYC area, I can say without a doubt that The MasalaWala is my favorite. I love it so much, that I trek all the way out from Jersey just to eat here!The wait staff is always friendly, the service quick and efficient and the food Kick-ASS!  In fact, I was just there this afternoon with some girlfriends. We started with Gobi Manchurian and Bhel Puri as starters; both fresh and flavorful. (I have been told by Indian friends who have eaten here that the Gobi Manchurian is second-to-none when it comes to properly replicating this delicacy outside of India, as it is intended to be).For our main entree we shared Paneer Bhurji and Prawn Tandoori in a Jalfrezi curry (both dishes succulent, tender and tasty), paired with some fresh roti. Oh, and don't forget the freshly made cool Jaljeera drink :)I always look forward to coming to the MasalaWala, it's a real treat!
get the tiger shrimp!  some of the best shrimp i've ever had (and i'm from new orleans).  also, mr masalawala was inredibly friendly, and he staff was excellent.
I was looking for vegan Indian food while in NYC.  Between Yelp and my hotel, I came up with MasalaWala. This is without a doubt one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to in the world. If you go, ask for Wakhiel - great waiter! Enjoy!
Definitely the best Indian food in NYC. The Service and staff was Excellent. Everything I ordered was delicious. Make sure to order the cauliflower, literally the best thing I've ever tasted. I definitely recommend this restaurant and will definitely be back.
Excellent service and the owner was very genuine and welcoming.  The food was delicious. We ordered 6 different dishes and they were all amazing!  Definitely my new favorite spot.
Great place.Great staff.Great food.Great service.The owner of this place came upto us to welcome us and thank us to be dining there.He was very polite.The staff was very very friendly and made sure that we didn't wait long for our food.The glasses of water were never left empty for once.They were on top of that.The food was great.This was the first time I saw Indian food not floating in oil.The spices were to the perfect taste.Not too much and not too low.This is my new favorite place for Indian food in the city. Definitely go try The Masalawala.
Been here a few times for some late night appetizers only after a night of drinking.  The place is very small.  Not much on decor or ambiance.  The food was decent.  I enjoyed the Veg pakoras and Veg samosas.  The owner was very nice.  He walked over to everyone's table to make sure they were enjoying their meal.  I appreciate an attentive staff.  I have to say, the bathroom right next to the kitchen kinda grosses me out.
The owner came up to us and was very personable. Aside from the Lassi not being cold, the food itself was deliciously made (had the Lamb Tikka Masala with garlic nan).
Don't get the non veg appetizer. Not worth the cost. They forgot the free samosa even though we checked in! Chicken madras was amazing. Palak paneer was good but not awesome...for the basic most common dish I wasn't impressed. Service was amazing. Overall, good.
Food is fantastic, the owner is so pleasant and kind. Love going here. My girlfriend loves Indian food and this is her favorite.
The food was fantastic and the owner a gem. Definitely a place I'll be back to. The vegetable samosas and garlic naan were delicious.
I can still taste the deliciousness of the paneer and the chicken i had for dinner  ! The owner is a sweetheart ! it felt as i was back home in india having food ..  absolutely loved the place and im definately going to come here again !
I agree that the staff here is a little quirky, but in a really kind way -- and we love this place! It's a bit far from where we live (we are on the UWS) but every time we are in the area we are excited to go here! I love their chicken korma -- really tender chicken, creamy sauce, and great flavor!
Very good food and service! Went there with the girlfriend and had a great dinner.
My new NYC favorite.  Amazing dishes.  Great spice and flavor combinations.  There's a lot to choose from on the menu.  The special nod to street foods is a great way to experience new and different dishes.  Warm, friendly service with a nice vibe. Love this place.
I've only been here 2 times but both times were wonderful experiences. The kind, and welcoming man makes the dining experience very delightful.  Both times my boyfriend and I shared the Chicken tikka which was very flavorful. The second time around we also ordered a samosa and I had my first puri(?)...I'm new to Indian food) as an appetizer and that was also great. Definitely worth trying this place if you're in the neighborhood!
If you are in Manhattan and you like Indian food, GO TO MASALAWALA! I tried many Indian restaurants in the city and many times I came out unsatisfied (sometimes sick) but I LOVE this restaurant.  Their menu offers a wide range of dishes.  I especially loved the chicken tikka and Salmon tikka.  Service was also excellent.  Usually Indian food feel like it is too Americanized in taste, but MASALAWALA seems to have the right ingredients for everyone. I can't wait to go back.  MASALAWALA is a home run for high quality Indian food!
Wow, what a great place! I never eat Indian food, but my brother was in town and he wanted to go somewhere Indian so I took him here. I can't tell you what I had, but we ordered an appetizer and an entree each and it was so good. :) The staff was so great too. The owner came by and checked on and made sure everything was ok, and when he realized it was our first time he brought us out a delicious desert to try on the house. It's a new restaurant in the area, but I really liked it and will definitely recommend it to people when they ask for Indian. Well done!
One word... yummmmmm!!.. make that 2... VERY YUMMM!!!I've been to this place a couple of times now and always order at random (just to try out something new) and each time I'm pleasantly surprised. Last time I had the dahi puri.. it was absolutely divine!.. took me back to my childhood in India. In fact I always find that their dishes have that effect on me. Very authentic and affordable.To add to the pleasant experience are the staff. They don't hover around you like in other restaurants but at the same time they are attentive and polite. The restaurant has a reasonable wait time for food and comfortable ambiance.I would recommend it to anyone looking for some delicious Indian food at a great price..... expect me back again.. and again! :)
This place rocked. Everything was delicious. The Chicken Tikki Masala. The lamb sausage. The non-veg appetizer sampler was ok. I'm told the cauliflower dish is THE BOMB.  Good prices and service. Ambiance is nice. Will go back
Got delivery and it was awesome. All items were still very hot and everything was packaged well. Great flavor and deserves all 5 starts in my opinion. Looking forward to ordering again!
Hands down the BEST Indian food I have had so far in Manhattan.  Not only is the food amazing but the service is impeccable as well.  The owner welcomed everyone who came in, stopped by our table several times to see how we were enjoying the food, and shook our hands and opened the door for us as we were leaving.Originally as an appetizer my friend and I ordered the Mumbai Veg Samosa but the waiter recommended the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian (Cauliflower florets tossed in ginger, garlic and Indian-Chinese fusion spices) stating that they are famous for this dish.  I was skeptical (as I love samosa's) however as they are known for this dish my friend and I couldn't turn it down.  Turns out the waiter was right, the dish was absolutely amazing and ended up being our favorite part of the meal.  We practically licked our plates clean (and probably would have if we weren't out in public)!  We went pretty basic with dinner, my friend ordered Tikka Masala and I ordered the Chana Masala, both of which were extremely flavorful and cooked perfectly.  And, of course, we ordered butter naan to go along with the entrees.  We finished off the meal with pistachio kulfi (traditional Indian ice cream) and it was the perfect ending to a fantastic meal.The ambiance, service, and food all make this place a stand out Indian restaurant among countless options in the city.
What a great place. Small but not too small with a very helpful staff and some quality time spent with our new friend, Mr. MasalaWala. We split the Street Side Bite South Asian Veg. Fritter appetizer, Chicken Madras and the Tikka Masala. All were so good! Finished off with Mango Lassi's and were walked out by the boss, who pointed out the rooftop Lenin statue across the street which I have seen before but never realized  that Lenin was pointing to The MasalaWala and urging the proletariat to have a meal in the Lower East Side's best restaurant-at least that's what Mr. MasalaWala told us.
Great great service! Everyone were so nice and welcoming! Shrimp appetizer was amazing! Also the semolina puff with rotti and chickpeas and the cauliflower appetizer! Will def come back again to try more of their menu!
First I want to say I am an Indian food snob. I came into town from Boston specifically for dinner with a great friend of mine Asif.  Masala Wala was a great experience, and the food was the best I have had in years! Masala Wala himself personally took care of us and each and ever customer in the restaurant. If you are in NY this is a must stop !!!! I will gladly make the trip back to NY to enjoy the Masala Wala again.10 stars if I could!
I ordered three times this week and Im an addict; and I rarely order delivery.  The Shahi Korma and Tikka Masala are TO DIE FOR.I just ordered lunch and this sweet old man came to my doorstep to personally thank me for ordering so frequently and tell me how grateful he is for my business-How sweet! He told me he is the owner, and that he is really working hard to make his business succeed.  Because his concept is "Green" and his food Rocks...and he is super sweet, I felt that I should spread the word and help his business thrive!Its a green restaurant with fresh ingredients and all the utensils are biodegradable and its really a great business that we should support.
Amazing find!  Indian-Chinese fusion cuisine with a good wine selection.  Everything tasted fresh, Lamb and Eggplant were exceptionally well balanced and the Hakka Chili chicken was a revelation.  Nice sized portions and no bum's rush.  Plan to explore the rest of the menu.
A small resturant I went to on a saturday night. It was not so busy and there was only one waiter bussing, taking orders and serving all the tables by himself. He was our waiter,  too. All the foods were amazing. Everything he recommended was good! Our waiters name was Wakil, the food he recomended was the coliflower appitizer and the chicken shai korma. It was delicious! I'm not a big fan of Indian food but the chicken shai korma was amazing. Ill defiantly be back to the masala wala.
I haven't been to an Indian restaurant in a long time, and this definitely exceeded my expectations.I was actually waiting for a friend of mine and decided to go inside to wait being that it was a very cold and windy night. They were booked on reservations but they had two single tables available and allowed me to sit while I was waiting, which rarely happens in a city restaurant these days. My friend then finally calls me and tells me she brought another friend. As soon as I told one of the waiters, they were the exact opposite of being annoyed (he said "Great! The more, the merrier). PLUS!It's a small and tight place, but the service and food definitely made up for it.We shared butter naan and chicken mubai samosa. I got the chicken madras with rice. All were delicious.The owner even came out to talk to us and guaranteed that everything is fresh because he is always in the kitchen watching his staff (I sometimes watch Kitchen Nightmares and alot of failing restaurants do bad because the owner is never in the kitchen. So THAT itself makes a great restaurant.) He himself was nice and kind and definitely made us feel welcomed.ALL the staff were nice and we got our food at a reasonable time.I thought taking our orders on an iPad was pretty nifty. Definitely a modern and effective touch.Only downside aside from the size was we were kinda by the door and it was a chilly night. Granted, we didn't make a reservation so we know better now.Definitely coming back. Next time I am definitely making a reservation because who knows if every single table is booked next time I come by. Maybe I'll try one of their drinks (I saw some people with these shakes - must be good).
We were here last night on a Gilt city deal. Outstanding service ! Outstanding food ! The owner went out his way with many tables to ensure we were well taken care of. We never paid attention to this place until we saw it in Gilt. We are definitely coming back. Highly recommend trying this place at least once.
I stumbled into this place with my significant other one day while wandering around the LES with my dog. As "connoisseurs" of Indian fare, we were intrigued by the menu that boasted a wide selection of South Asian street fare instead of an emphasis on the usual tikka masala, vindaloo, and biryani (although those dishes are offered and of excellent quality). As we assessed the menu from outside, the gracious owner (who we have come to call "Uncle" because he is so sweet to us) came outside and invited us in, dog in tow. We sat down, he brought us lasso, and we ended up ordering a whole spread to go. As we returned to Fort Greene with our goodies, we were shocked at the freshness, innovation, and subtle complexity of the spices used in these dishes. It was all devoured in minutes. I have not seen Indian/Paki street food on a menu in New York, and the combination of freshness, subtle spices and flavors and unique textures will surely wow the average New Yorker who is no doubt accustomed to oily, pre made tikka masala and aloo matar. I whole heartedly recommend the Dahi Puri, Dhel Puri, and Papri Chat as starters. Also make sure to order mulligatawny soup (which is listed on the menu as "lentil", but ask for mulligatawny just to be sure you get the right thing). It is delicious, again subtly spiced without overwhelming your palate (we've ordered mulligatawny soup all over the city). Other favorites include daal makhani, chole bhature, dl tadka, and the Calcutta ghugni 'n puri. Uncle made us promise to try malai kofta next time we are in, and I can't wait!As a huge fan of dessert and sweets, I also adore the ras malai, which is a spongey ball of cottage cheese swimming in a delicious rosewater cream (reminiscent of a Persian dessert but I forget the name). The creamy pink, salty-spicy Kashmiri chai is something I could all day long, and I made the owner promise to teach me how to properly make it next time we're in. Aside from the wonderful food and service, this restaurant really stands out to me as being a wholehearted effort of a wonderful, hardworking, and kindhearted man. It is the dedication of he and his son (up and coming South Asian actor Roni Mazumdar) who put together the wonderfully diverse and unique menu, the beautiful decor (which favors geometric architecture and innovative lighting, beautiful sculpture, and a subdued rust colored interior in place of the usual sitar player or Hindu posters). It is clear that so much effort and thought went into every aspect of the restaurant, from the menu to the iPads employed by the gracious waitstaff. I am sure that MasalaWala will have nothing but great success in the many years it has ahead, and I look forward to watching it prosper and grow.
Decent place, but a little small.  Smelled very good upon entry.  I had a great dish of Tandoori Chicken and an order of garlic naan.  The service was OK (our server was new), but the owner was very nice.  I would definitely go back and try this place again.
Okay I will admit that I couldn't begin to tell you what I ordered.  It wouldn't matter because the staff is very helpful and pretty much tells you what to order.  And they did a great job since all the things I had were delicious.  It was a nice departure from Italian food for once! I don't know that I need to go back but it was a nice experience nonetheless.
I really wanted to like this place because the people are friendly and it's well located, but the food was disappoiinting  We were here on a Thursday evening before a late show at mercury lounge. The vegetarian app sampler was ok. (We didn't like the cooked cheese but that probably wasn't the fault of the restaurant.). The rogan josh (lamb) was passable. The sauce was okay but some of the meat was tough. The chicken tandoori was dry and tasteless. The puri was good. Service was very pleasant. The folks who run it are nice but the food really doesn't cut it.
Great restaurant, truly good Indian food.  Their Rabri Rasmalai was excellent and that is a hard dish to get right!!!!  I would say compared to some of the other highly rated Indian restaurants this one is truly a gem
Lamb was quite good as was the garlic nan and samosas. Only drawback was the dining room opened up to the street so the temperature fluctuated a bit due to the cold.
by no means am i a judge on authentic indian food.  never really frequented indian cuisine until my three years living next to curry hill.  that said, my tastes have been shaped by those restaurants, and in comparison, the food at masalawala seemed a bit toned down for a blander palate.  we had the samosa chaat, chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo curry, and malai kofta, all among my go-to indian food dishes.  the food was fresh and made with quality ingredients.  the meat came as large, tender chunks.  the sauces were thick and full.  that said, the flavor was not very robust.  the tikka masala almost tasted like marinara sauce.  the vindaloo was mild.  the malai kofta was a bit bland.  and the sauces in the samosa chaat were very mild and disappointing, though the samosa itself was good.portion sizes were avg, tho i would have liked to see more lamb in the vindaloo (deceivingly full of potato)none of the food was bad.  i think the quality ingredients probably account for that.  if there was a lack of good indian food around, i'd go back.  but it's nyc. and curry hill is not that far...
Just discovered this restaurant on a fluke - it's late, we're hungry, and two places we know in the area are closed. Enter Yelp, and we find The MasalaWala. What a terrific find. The menu is lovely, food is super fresh, and cooked with obvious care. And they prepared a special dessert for us, that was like nothing I've ever tasted... and delicious.
FOOD: This place has the BEST Indian food I've ever eaten. The lamb tikka masala is a must have.  The aromatics and spices stand out among and sets itself apart from other lamb tikka masalas that you can get in the city. Their Kashmiri Chai Tea is made when you order it so there is a bit of a wait but it's definielty worth it. It comes piping hot with saffron threads floating right on top and it doesn't disappoint. SERVICE: The service is very attentive, almost too attentive. Within 10 minutes of being promptly seated we met our waiter, the chef, and the son of  the owner. They obviously care about the service and would come by every now and then to see how we were doing. All in all this has now become our Go-to restaurant for Indian cuisine and we will be going back there for sure.
Amazing food and wonderful service! I am definitely going back! I got the chicken vindaloo and channa masala. Some of the best I've ever had! But be warned- spicy is spicy!
The owner is such a kind, attentive person, it is worth going back alone because of his personality and warmth.  I don't believe I am unique in this feeling.  When we arrived for our first time, there was only a two person table for our party of three.  A regular, upon seeing the owner's distress, moved tables since he had been occupying a bigger table.  He did it without being asked because it was clear he felt a great deal of warmth for, and appreciation of, the owner.  He was given a big hug for the owner who thanked him and also noted how nice it was for him to pitch in after having been at the restaurant so many times.  The food was also very good with a small but decent wine list.  I will definitely go back.  It is my new favorite indian restaurant.
Don't leave without trying the Manchurian cauliflower and naan. We followed the recommendations of the friendly staff and were happy --  happiest with our starters, pleased with our entrees, which were solid, mellow, little spice. The owner is off-the-charts friendly and I kind of loved that rice came with the meals.
The pakora basket ($8) is delicious. One of the pakoras is cheese.  Moutherwatering, savory little triangles of fried cheese... I'll probably go back just for these.The staff were all kind and attentive. The owner will greet you with a big smile and seat you, then ask periodically how you like your meal as your food comes out.The curry is tasty and flavorful, nothing watered-down here. Just beware: when you ask for your food to be spicy, it will be spicy. Not "ooh, that tingles" spicy, but "oh god I can't breathe but it hurts so good and I can't stop eating it" spicy. Once you've sniffled and sweated your way through your meal, wash it down with mango lassi and relish in your conquest.
This restaurant has the perfect combination of great service and delicious food.  I enjoyed a wonderful evening having dinner with family.  The cauliflower was outstanding and the salmon was perfection - just to pick two of our dishes, all of which were superb.  I am definitely returning.
I was super excited to try this place!  Ordered a bunch of different things, but was disappointed in the food.   The paneer pakoras were so salty that I could not have more than one bite.  The potato and paneer kati roll were just OK, did not hold a candle to the original Kati Roll.  We also ordered a chaat which was the best dish we had, but a bit spicy.  The masala chai was OK, nothing special.  The owner told us all the food is made fresh there so that's a plus, but we had to wait about 30 minutes for our take out order.  However, the owner of this place was this really nice man who basically told us his whole life story!  He really understands service, and was really accommodating so I would be inclined to come back because of service, but maybe they need some more time to work out the kinks in the food.
Best Indian food in NYC.The management and staff are friendly. I was there once and a homeless woman walked in. Instead of making a big scene, the manager simply gave her some food, and let her go on her way.And did I say the food is amazing? The butter naan is the best I've ever had.I recommend the Saagwala with chicken.Great for a date.
I came with my family for a late dinner we were the last costumers and we were never rushed. The food was amazing! We tried different curries and they were all delicious! The owner is a very sweet and nice man who made us feel right at home. The restaurant is relaxed but nice. We will definitely come back!!!
This place is great. The food is superb. We had the bhindi masala and the mattar paneer, with an order of roti. The food came with rice, which was a pleasant surprise, since most places charge extra for rice. We had stellar service from the waiter, who was attentive without being overbearing. The food arrived quickly, and was hot and delicious. My favourite thing about the MasalaWala, however, is the owner. He came out to talk to us and out-shined his staff with his charisma and kindness. He joked around with my guy for several minutes while we waited for our food, and later he brought us a free glass of mango lassi. He's the sweetest person on the planet, and made our dining experience memorable and worthwhile.
Found this restaurant while looking for Check In Offers near NY chinatown. A samosa for check-in is always good! Ordered chilly chicken and chole bhature. Chilly chicken didn't had authentic indo-chinese taste but bhature were awesome! Chole had little bit sour taste. I would visit again and try some more dishes!
I've been waiting for this place to open up since I first saw their sign in the window a few months ago. And it was worth the wait. The only word I can think of to describe Masala Wala is... amazing. The food, the staff, the ambiance... everything about it is amazing. I was greeted by the owner who introduced himself and chit chatted with me for a little while as my food was being prepared. His visions is simple ... authentic, good Indian food and that is definitely what I tasted. I think that they will go very far as long as they keep up the same mentality  and continue to treat their customers the same way.
Came here for my first indian food experience, and I must say, it was a nice introduction. My friend was on crutches and the staff was very friendly and accommodating. The food was excellent, from my little experience.
Really yummy indian food! Dont know why the place was empty. We got there around 1pm on a Saturday afternoon. Ordered their lunch special lamb vandiloo? It was so spicy! But yummy. For some reason the lamb tasted like chicken or beef or something else but not lamb to me. It came with a very spicy curry lentil soup. Also tried their mango lasi which was great and refreshing. And their garlic naan. Soooo good!!!! Loved our meal. Totally overstuffed but it was delicious!
Food was okay.  Service was both seriously confused and arrogant.  Also, their menu doesn't note the spicy dishes, so be careful when ordering.
Read the great reviews here and they deserved every single one! Although I can't remember the names of the dishes my friend and I ate, I enjoyed everything! Appetizers, entree`s, dessert, wine, naan, the price, the service, and the atmosphere! I will definitely be back!
Yummy!   Had spicy chickpea and lamb vindaloo!   Garlic naan was delicious.  Everything very fresh.  They use compost able plates/utensils and your bill comes on the iPad   Very friendly and attentive.   I hope they due well.  1000% better than the bad Indian down the street.
We happened by for a late lunch and highly recommend it.  The lunch menu is available until 4pm. Everyone ordered something different and shared.  Great, fresh tastes all around.  Whatever you order you'll be pleased.
Came here for saturday for dinner.Service was excellent-my friend left his iphone and the waiter literally ran 3 blocks after us to return it and when we tried to say thank you with a tip he refuse to take it-that to me says a lot about the restaurant.Since im Indian i know my food very well-and the place hits the spot well.Butter chicken and Bhindi masala were great-wish the dal makhni was a bit creamier tho.Overall great food-will definately go back!
Cute little place on a loud busy street. Staff was great! The food was great! At first I was skeptical after ordering a masala chai that wasn't good at all. But once our food came skepticism went out the window. The chicken and lamb biriyani was great. Someone had a paneer (cheese) vegetarian dish which was good. And we all had the naan bread. Only negative thing was when we wanted to spit the check five ways for five people they could only do it four ways so make sure you figure that out before you leave if you have a large party. I would definitely recommend that place as an authentic Indian food choice.
Service was extremely friendly and professional. Excellent job of explaining dishes to first time Indian cuisine goers. The owner is charming and interactive. The dish can be extremely spicy if that's what you like and if you over estimate your ability to tolerate it, they have no problem fixing it for you. Servers have tablets and will show you photos of every dish as you order. Overall, I was skeptical of a restaraunt with so many reviews and a nearly perfect score but they have clearly earned every star at The MarsalaWala.
The service is great and I have never been disappointed whenever I come here. The owner usually comes around to ask how the food is, which is nice. I enjoy ordering the chicken tikka masala and the garlic naan. They serve a lot for a meal, which can be enjoyed to go, as well. I also enjoy eating the rolls they serve. I would love to come back to try the cauliflower.
This place is quite a nice surprise for an area not really known for Indian food.  The Pros:1. Their food is actually spicy, and not catered to the American standard of "spicy".2. The owner is pretty chill and will walk to each table and have a nice convo with them.  I miss that these days.3. The food is damn good.  We ordered the chicken biryanu and the lamb shahi korma and neither had any flaws.4. Quick and attentive service.5. There are no cons
We walked in for an early dinner on Sunday night at about 5.30pm and the little place was already filling up. The restaurant is set beautifully and the staff were very accommodating. They have a decent selection of veg and non veg food offering a different variety to other Indian restaurants. We ordered the mixed vegetarian appetizer plate, gobi manchurian, aloo roll and paneer roll. The food came quickly and it was plenty of food for my husband and I, as well as my toddler. The aloo and paneer rolls beat Kati rolls by a mile! The achaari paneer, samosa and zucchini fritters (mixed veg app) were tasty and a hit with my daughter. The gobi manchurian was good but not the best I've had. Overall, the food was tasty and not too spicy. I wish it was less oily and a little healthier but I guess that was in part due to what we ordered. I would recommend this place to others and would come back here again in the near future.
My girlfriend and I ate here for dinner earlier in the week and thought it was very good! The service was excellent and the wait staff was extremely friendly. We both checked in on yelp and received a free vegetable samosa. I swear I could of eaten 2-3 just to myself.  I ordered the chicken tikka masala which comes with a side of basmati rice and it was excellent. My friend ordered the lentil appetizer with a side of lemon rice, which were both spicy and delicious.  I look forward to coming back for more!
This is our go-to Indian place in any neighborhood. We are vegetarians and all of their veggie dishes have tremendous flavor. It's consistent, fresh, delicious. Love the samosas and garlic naan. One time the owner let us try a frozen mango dessert (don't think it's on the menu) and it was fabulous.
Very oily food that lacked flavor. Overpriced for the place/food. We ordered a cauliflower starter, paneer, kofta and dal makhni. The dal makhni was under cooked and only tasted of heavy cream. Also the restaurant is very noisy mostly because of the staff. While we were having dinner the owner and waiters were chatting at a table next to ours for the entire duration of our meal.
Not really impressed. We took the Mumbai chicken samosas. It was decent. The lamb roganjosh wasn't impressive. It was just mediocre. The biryani was ok. Not a place for you if you're craving authentic Indian food. It's good for someone who is trying Indian food for the first time.
Very good food, nice atmosphere. Not a too big place but cozy. This is hands down one of the best Indian food I've ever had. Highly recommend the eggplant curry which is not your usual curry.
Absolutely blown away! Hands down best Indian food I have ever had. I'm from Boston, and this place takes it! I urge you to for the Wala lamb chops! Hottt! Sooo good. The staff was on point, and Mr Wala himself was fantastic, greets you personally with care and a pleasure to see you. My wife and I are EXTREMELY happy with our experience! Thank you!
I came her twice. Didn't know this place is small but famous! And of course, authentic Indian Food.The first time I came here around 7.30pm, we received 3 complimentary samosas with yelp checked in and the place was packed after 8pm. The 2nd time I came here was during happy hour. I arrived at 5.55pm and their happy hour is still on as long as you ordered before 6pm. WIN!! and I still get a free samosa!!Few entrees I tired:Shahi Korma - chicken curry in Cashew and almond cream sauce, it wasn't very spicy but it was really creamy, sweet and deliciousBiryani - We wanted it to be VERY SPICY and told the waiter and he was like "are you sure". So my friend and I were like "we were from Malaysia we can handle it". The first bite were ok and it slowly burns in your body!! JUST BEWARE.. I have to drink couple cups of water.. It's great and spicy as it doesn't burn my mouth but my body. might be perfect for winterGarlic naan- hands down the best garlic naan in town.. Warm and baked with real garlic!!!Kolkata Gobi Manchurian- roasted cauliflower. I am not a huge fan of cauliflower but I guess I just found a favorite place to order it. The garlic and the spice combination made it delicious.Happy hour:Tiger shrimp - it came in 4 pieces and it was recommended by the waiter. I see every table ordered it. It was also spicy but just the perfect level to enjoy the shrimp.chicken tikka  Aloo masala roll - I thought it was like kati roll company but both kati roll was a little disappointing. The chicken tikka was slightly better than the aloo masalaThe first time I came here the owner came out and asked how was the food. I like how they take your order with an ipad and if you do not know what dishes you are going to order they have pictures on the ipad to show you. I love this authentic indian place. Almost all of their food is spicy but you can still enjoy it unlike other restaurant that just dump in more peppers to make it spicy.
One off the very few Indian restaurants that serves great food. PERIOD. I've grown up eating Indian food and must say I was pleasantly surprised. Every bit of the food we tried was delicious and authentic to an Indian flavor-palette.  We had the mixed platter, daal Makhani, cheese Naan, Paneer Naan and a couple of appetizers(a must have). In short, the Food is really really good, service GREAT. Authenticity and its Freshness is its PRIME. If you haven't been here then you haven't tried good Indian Food.
The best Indian food I've ever had. The owner was warm and welcoming, and you can tell takes a lot of pride in his restaurant. The only thing I would change is the location... I'd move it to California! Loved it.
Very authentic and delicious Indian food. The owner checked on us several times through out the night making us feel welcome and comfortable. The place is very small, seats maybe 25 ppl but the servers worked the room very well. We went fairly early 6:45 and we're sat right away. We had the chicken samosas, tikki masala,  yellow curry. Very good portions we had plenty of leftovers. It was well priced for the neighborhood. We'll be back the next time we're in NYC.
If you value good food, good atmosphere, and, most importantly, good service, then this is a restaurant you need to stop and eat at. After being turned away at the door of other establishments due to my friend's service animal, the amazingly charismatic owner of Masalawala met us at the door to be as accommodating as possible :)
Really 4.5 stars--which seems to be the consensus rating.I wasn't familiar with this restaurant, but we were in the area for an opening and followed the Yelp reviewers. I was impressed by the large number of reviews with 4 or 5 stars, as well as their enthusiasm for the food and service.The restaurant is small, and a short line of people were waiting outside for a table by the time we left. Decor is pleasant but not remarkable. The food is well prepared and tasty. My lamb curry ($19) was plentiful, good quality, and totally trimmed of unwanted fat and bones. Likewise, my wife's vegetarian dish with eggplant ($16) was plentiful and delicious. We had beverages and a samosa appetizer, but were too full for dessert. We wound up taking nearly half of her order home--- they included an extra basmati rice without our asking.Service was quick and attentive. For example, drink some water and your glass will be refilled by the time you count to 10. On the way out, the owner appeared in order to provide a hug and inquire about our dining experience. He takes his restaurant seriously, and it shows.
A not-so-hidden LES gem, thankfully not frequented by dwellers if the new shiny condos. The Masala Wallah is a charming, family-run establishment where both food and atmosphere are nourishing. The place is small and can get quite busy, but is well worth the wait - come hungry, they servings are generous, and so many things are worth trying! My favorite starters: tiger shrimp and puri (no matter which you choose, it will be an experience.) Frankly, whatever you order will make you happy. The only reason I am not giving them five stars is that the personnel - however friendly and attentive - often misunderstands the orders. But hey, they'll make it up with smiles and order tips! Whatever you eat, wash down with mango lassi.
We had to try this place because of the other great reviews on yelp. And I am so glad we walked to this place for an hour for my birthday dinner date. We got a free samosa because we checked in on yelp. The samosa was so fabulous that we had to order samosa chat, which was a good treat. We also ordered the popular lamb rogan josh which was awesome. Lastly for the desert of the night we had pistachio kulfi, ras malai which made our dinner perfect. The friendly waiter also gave us a free mango kulfi. The best thing is that the deserts here are mild sweet but very rich in fresh flavors and the food is excellent quality with authentic Indian food flavors. This is a highly recommended place for a treat to your taste buds!
A very good Biriyani and Mango Lassi after a long time. Have it with the Malabari Shrimp. The chilly chicken was also really good. Great service !
My fiance and I had a fantastic experience when visiting MasalaWala for a late night dinner. We looked on yelp and found this restaurant to be within walking distance of a bar where we were hanging out. Upon walking in, we were warmly greeted by the owner who led us to our table. Service was very attentive, with our waiter making sure our beverages were always full. They were very accommodating when we asked for small extras such as yogurt or extra napkins. I felt like I was a guest in someones home rather than just a patron at a restaurant. Now to the food....We ordered the gobi manchurian and papri chaat for appetizer. The gobi manchurian reminded me of chilli chicken that was made out of cauliflower instead of chicken. The papri chaat was light and refreshing. For our main course we ordered lamb vindaloo, garlic naan and the chicken tikka kati roll. We asked that they make our lamb more on the spicy side and they were able to accommodate our taste for heat. The garlic naan tasted like it came fresh out of a tandoor and the kati roll rivaled the rolls that you would get from other infamous kati roll shops in the city.  For dessert we shared the mango kulfi. The owner came over to us and told us that they make this fresh in-house with ingredients imported from India. It was a nice finish to our meal. I'm of Indian decent, so I feel like I can reasonably gauge good Indian food from bad Indian food. The food that I've had at MasalaWala was some of the best Indian food that I've ever had, even better than the Indian food I've had in India! Everything tastes like it was freshly prepared and every dish was packed with flavor. We definitely over ate, but it was one of those situations where the food tasted so good you didn't want to stop eating. The MasalaWala is my new "go to" Indian Restaurant. I live in Westchester county and I wouldn't hesitate to drive to the les just for some good Indian food.
Nom nom nom.I've been three times now, and I've noticed that they continue to tweak the menu in small ways to cater to customers and maintain quality. The bhel puri is awesome. Flavors burst in your mouth with this simple street snack. We also liked the nizami kati rolls.We've had the calcutta ghugni, dal, baingan bharta, jalfrezi, and saag. Yum. The tandoori is some of the best I've had (moist and flavorful), though I no longer eat lamb and so I can't vouch for that. Garlic and stuffed naan are both excellent.Service is friendly and attentive, though we also have a tendency to hit this place when no one is around (late Sunday afternoons). They keep our glasses filled with water! Though we haven't had anything overly spicy, this is seriously appreciated.And finally, I learned my lesson after my second visit--their food is addictive and about 6 hours after eating there I was craving it again. So on my third trip, I ordered a couple of dishes to go. Best. Decision. Ever.I like their commitment to quality and their customers, but in doing that I hope they don't americanize the flavors--that would be tragic.
Best Indian food I ever had, chicken tikka was great and the garlic naan is perfect. Very friendly servers and the owner tastes the food himself before serving. A must go to place.
My girlfriend and I ate at "The MasalaWala" on 8/24/14 and loved the place! The food was very good and the service was fantastic. We even met Mr. Masalawala who personally came over to ask how we were doing and if we enjoyed the food. For the price, quality, and amazing service, we will definitely make this restaurant our go to place for Indian food.
While in NYC this past weekend, we were in the mood for Indian food so I turned to yelp to find the highest-rated place nearby. We weren't disappointed! We were there at sort of an off time (around 4:30 or so), and the place was empty when we walked in. I think one other group came in while we were there, and that was it. The food was really fresh and delicious, service was friendly and quick. I will definitely go back if I find myself in the neighborhood during another visit to NYC.
i must say the staff and the owner both were sweet.. the food is good.. gobi manchurian would be my favourite and garlic naan.. the place is a bit pricey.. but coming back to the food.. its delicious! i am definitely going back to this place again and again
Yes, I will help them keep their 4+ star rating! Their food is absolutely much better than their size may make them seem. Quality ingredients, quality food. Their rose lassi was absolutely amazing. Delicately scented, intriguingly tasty. The chicken tikka masala and shahi korma were strong, with distinct layers of flavor, and the chaat, as everyone has already said, is a must-try. The chai was a let-down though. Never mind, they did enough to earn 5 stars.  This visit was about a month or so ago.
Going by the reviews, I perhaps caught them on an off-day. My experience was less than inspiring and the only bright spot was the service, which is really good. We ordered bhel-puri, which was decent; a chicken kathi roll, which was ghastly; the haka chicken whatever, which was good but salty; and chai, which decidedly was boiling water with a dash of grass. We also had the samosa and pakoras, which were re-fried crapless. We were a group and the staff was very polite and courteous with our demands. Overall, I didn't think much of the place or food, and I don't think I will be visiting again.
The food here is overall more flavorful than in most Indian restaurants we have sampled, and we live right near Little India in Manhattan so we've been to quite a few. Yes, we had the Kolkata Gobi cauliflower appetizer everyone raves about. It was delicious but probably not the healthiest version of cauliflower you could have. We had a lamb dish, dal mahkni (lentils), and baby eggplant--all wonderfully spiced. The baby eggplant was outstanding. Was it just my imagination or did even the mango lassi taste better here than elsewhere? The cheese-stuffed naan was also delicious. Will definitely go back. The service was excellent, the food was yummy, the place had a good vibe, and the owner (who was very outgoing) was right there, making sure everybody was happy. We'll definitely be going back.
Really delicious Indian food with great service and an owner who is friendly and solicitous and managing the kitchen and staff well.
5 stars for the food.  Completely delicious.  Everything tasted fresh and was full of interesting flavors.Service by waiter was OK.  Didn't interfere with our enjoyment of the food, but nothing to brag about.  The owner did come out and talk to us and was very friendly, which made up for our apathetic waiter. (We just wanted the waiter to love us more!)Would recommend!
I came here for a friend's birthday, and our small group of 3 was treated like family! The waiter was friendly, gave us a good wine recommendation, and the owner came to our table to greet us. After we told him that it was our first time eating Indian food, he brought us a complimentary sample of his favorite dish. A spicy yet delish cauliflower dish. We ordered different items so that we can try the chicken, lamb and shrimp. Everything was delicious, I especially loved the shrimp dish with a fab coconut sauce. They helped us with the cake we brought in, and we even shared the cake with them. It was a superb experience, great food and service, at a very reasonable price. I took some of the sauce home, and I can't wait to go back. Come to this place, you would love it!
The MasalaWala is the best Indian Food I have had in in the East Village/LES. My dad is from Mumbai and I grew up eating home cooked Indian food. This is such an authentic, delicious and reasonably priced restaurant!I had been waiting for it to open since they first put up the sign and jumped at the chance to try it. We had the Chicken Tiki Masala, Veggi Samosa, Shabiz Milan and Garlic Naan. All were so delicious, not greasy and reminded me of home. I also suggest you try their Mango Lassi. YUM. I can' t wait for my dad to come visit so I can show him where I go when I can't have his cooking :) YUM.
This was very tasty. I ordered the chicken madras, and my mom ordered the lamb madras, which were both excellent. The prices were very inexpensive, and the hosts were very nice.Other comments:I ordered butter naan ($3), which was very good. I wish it had come as an appetizer (I thought it would come before our meal, but it came after we started) and I wished it had been free (it's been at other places). Oh well.I kind of wish the dish had come with more rice. When I finished, I was still a little hungry. They give you a lot of sauce, which could have been put to use on some more rice.We ordered a take-home lamb dish for my brother (sorry, don't remember which) but he thought it watery and so-so.Inside, the decor is very nice, but the place is very, very small. The whole front of the restaurant is a glass wall, and somehow the restaurant did not seem very restauranty. I thought so, anyway. My mom disagreed.But other than that, all was good, and I thought the food was delicious, and would go again.
Delicious food, lovely atmosphere and great service! The waiter and owner were sure to check in on how our food tasted and make jests. I ordered the mango lassi and craved it for a week afterwards. I will definitely be back!
Really excellent Indian place in a lovely little spot on the LES. The staff was super friendly and very attentive- came here with a group of friends on a Sunday night and were seated immediately and ordered quickly. We ate family style and ordered an assortment of curries (panner tikka massala, vegetable saag, lamb vindaloo, and a chicken curry) and for appetizers we tried the pakora and the samosas. All of the curries were excellent albeit they could be a little spicier. The appetizers were also delicious- some of the better samosas I have had in the city. The garlic naan was excellent- came out steamy warm and was perfectly flavored. I would absolutely recommend and come back again!
Top notch Indian food. Everything was delicious! As an added bonus, vegan dishes were clearly marked and plentiful. Can't speak to any meat dishes, but I can only imagine they are equally wonderful.
Delicious! I would definitely recommend this restaurant. The staff is efficient and friendly, I felt right at home. The owner is so hospitable and hilarious, he even gave our entire table of seven dessert to share for our friend's birthday. It was much more of an experience than just going out to eat.  Don't miss the samosas, papri chaat, and chicken shahi korma with garlic naan. Finish off or start your meal with a mango wala lassi! Perfection!!!
Absolutely delicious food. Great for vegetarians. Great service.
I like the place it's very clean very friendly but I've tried a varied selection of their food about 3 times. I wasn't very pleased with the flavours it was alway too sweet in many of the dishes instead of being spicy and flavorful. I ordered the kashmiri dum aloo expecting something fiery instead it was super sweet and just hot instead of being flavourful. I also had the chicken malai kofta thrice and the came iin different variations each time. the first time i ordered them was the best it was wonderful, the next two times they were dry and chewy of sorts.  They've also left of items on my take out orders  but overall it's a great place I would still recommend and in a great location.
If perfection is something we only dream of in our sleep, then NYC you need to wake up and visit this amazingly, superb East Village/LES hot spot to eat heaven on a plate!  I am a discerning food adventurist who has dined at the best Indian restaurants that NYC has to offer, from budget-friendly spots to the most expensive places to eat.  None of them top this warm, inviting yet beautifully designed eatery.  If the décor was not enough for me and my best friend to fawn over all evening, we then encountered the best waiter on the eastside.  Knowledgeable about the scrumptious food we were about to partake in, our waiter was supremely attentive and hands down the best waiter I have ever had.  You see me and my buddy usually meet up late nights to have Indian at a place I will not name here because we both work weird schedules. It is somewhere in Hells Kitchen, I will say though.  Before we could even order, I had a rude and unexpected encounter with the proprietor (we use to go to this place all the time - shocking), so we decided to leave, and make our way to The Masala Wala.  You must have the Hakka Chili Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Matta Paneer, the Mango Kulfi and everything else on the menu.  I, for one am going back frequently to have everything else I could not fit into my belly, and of course to shake hands with my new friends and Papa himself, The Masala Wala.  I love this man's passion for this delicious food, his wonderful hospitality and the more than competitive price points for his sumptuous, grade-A cuisine.  You cannot get any better than this restaurant.  I literally smiled all the way home and woke up before work to write this review.  LMMFAO!!!  I would be remiss not to mention that we arrived at the restaurant about 45 minutes before closing on a Wednesday evening and the food was as fresh and delectable as if they had prepared our meals for their very first dinner table of the night!  Now that I have written all of that, in a word: fantastic!
This place is great. The owner / host comes by to greet the table, and the food is superb. A good place to take out of town guests, as well.
Delicious! The MasalaWala is a family owned restaurant serving amazing Indian food. I recommend going for lunch, they have incredible lunch box specials. My group had chicken curry and I had the LAMB lunch box (YOU MUST TRY THE LAMB). All made at the moment! Fresh! Generous portions! I will definitely go back and check out the afternoon / night vibe...
After seeing a lecture from someone at Bluestockings Booktstore, I got hungry for some grub and pulled out my phone to see what vegan-friendly cuisine was nearby. Up pops the MasalaWala and what's even better was that I could get a free samosa with my order of over $10!! "Hellz to the yeah" I thought. The wait wasn't bad but I could feel a tension between the waitstaff. At one point an older man came up to me and said not to mind the wait for the food because everything they make is fresh. I have eaten at many a restaurant on both coasts and never once have I heard those words. I ordered the yellow lentil curry with rice and it was fine but it could've used quite a bit more spice. I am used to specifying my spice preference whenever I go to Indian restaurants so this was a small red flag. Overall I would probably go back if I was starving after seeing a lecture at Bluestockings (the awesome radical bookstore a few blocks away), but this will not be my staple NYC Indian restaurant.
I came here on a Thursday evening. No reservations needed. The place is very nicely decorated - in a stylish trendy manner. The wait staff was friendly and efficient. The owner came by several times to check on us and socialize (very nice man btw). And, most importantly, the food was very tasty and reasonably priced (about 15 dollars for my entree). The naan was fresh and delicious. The only drawback was that the air conditioning was not on. It was a pleasant night, but NY humidity demands a little air, in my opinion. But this restaurant is in a nice location, and the food is definitely worth a return visit.
This place is by far one of the most charming indian restaurants Ive been in. The host and owner of the restaurant was very welcoming and hearty and you couldnt help smiling all the time. I ordered the assorted pakora basket, lamb vindaloo and a butter nan. The food was delicious and Im definately going to come back over and over again.
The curries and bread we absolutely delicious and for a new restaurant the wait staff was really on the ball. The owner or manager even came up to ask and asked us what we thought of the food and if we had any suggestions. I would recommend making a reservation because it's pretty small and could get very crowded. I also would not recommend going with a party larger than four people because  you will be eating on top of each other.
Great food in a cozy atmosphere.  The host was EXTREMELY friendly and maybe chatted a little bit too much.  I think I got a hug on the way out.  The food was south asian street cart themed; we would go again.
Nothing special. I will never go there again. So many places in Manhattan to go and enjoy a good meal. Would rather go to little India street around 28th and lex area
Went to this place for a friends birthday and it was a really cute location with great decor and atmosphere, although it was a bit small inside. Customer service was excellent, they prepared a little cake for my friend and catered to everything that we needed and constantly made sure we had everything we needed (we were a big table of about 9). Food came out pretty fast for our large party. I ordered the lamb saagawala and asked for paneer (cheese cubes) to be put in as well and they delivered! It tasted so good! Perfectly spicey, creamy, tasty and the lamb was tender (soft as they put it). We also had several appetizers including cauliflower, Kati rolls, paneer cubes and a few of the different breads (variety of naans and others). Everyone ordered a different dish and everyone was more than satisfied with a few at my group thinking it was the best Indian food they have ever had! I myself LOVE Indian food and although this wasn't the best I've ever had, it was still really good! I also had a mango lassi and milk chai tea... both were VERY good (and i drink a lot of both!) Top that with the excellent service, attentiveness of the staff and owner himself, and I can't help but to give this place 5 stars!
this place is awesome. its cozy and the owner remembers my face every time i go there. the food is very good the sauces are excellent.
Had a wonderful meal.  The food was everything other reviews had promised - great flavor and variety.  The owner was incredibly gracious and the wait staff was attentive.  We would definitely eat there again on our next trip.  Thanks for a terrific evening.
Went in during happy hour. I was greeted immediately by a waiter and seated, but he forgot I was there even though the restaurant was empty. I waited a good 5 minutes before another waiter came over and asked if I had ordered. He apologized and got the other waiter who had forgotten me. He was more attentive from that point on. Unfortunately, the food wasn't very good either. I ordered the Aloo Masala Roll and the Paneer Bhaji Roll. Both were lukewarm, dry, and bland. I had to ask for dipping sauce to add some flavor. Overall, not worth it in my opinion. Might as well walk a few more minutes to E 6th St (between 1st and 2nd Ave) for better Indian options.
Food was good, but I wished I had ordered something other than the "softest ever lamb kebabs". The vegetarian sampler appetizer was delicious and my wife's chicken madras was English-Indian spicy, which makes a change from most American Indian restauarants.  The ambience was good, and the large Kingfisher beer came in what appeared to be a 40oz bottle. Lovely!
We've eaten there twice and have been very happy both times. We love the samosas and masala chai. We also like the tikka masala bowls. My daughter tried chicken tikka, which she really liked (although chicken was a bit too dry for my taste). It's a new family-owned business and the owners seem to care deeply about their customers' satisfaction. It's a nice new addition and I'd definitely go back.
One of my fav restaurants in the city. The service is great, very polite waiter and the food is delicious. I always order the lamb sawaala and the chana masala, but everything here is great, including the lentil soup  they serve you with the lunch menu. It's a pity that they changed the price of their delicious mango lassi from $3 to $5, but still it is worth
The MasalaWala is delicious and the service is great! It was reasonably priced, and has a good variety of options for different dietary needs. We had the kolkata gobi manchurian appetizer which was fantastic, and I had the vegetable jalfrezi made medium-spicy. It was SO GOOD I even bothered to take it home.
This place is awesome. Ronnie and his father (the owners) really care about their food and even more so their customers. They will take great care off you and make sure you have a great experience. If you want great Indian food go here! This is my first yelp post and I felt I needed to make this because of the great experience I had at MasalaWala. The service is great and fast and their is great variety, that is flexible. Go to MasalaWala, great job Ronnie and Dad you found your niche.
Yummy, yummy, yum. I'm not an indian food expert by any means, but I absolutely love food. So the meal started with the Bhel Puri, a puffed rice mixture and the Pani Puri, a hollow puff filled with potatoes and chickpeas. The Bhel puri is weird looking, but just eat it! The flavors meld so well together and are in no way over powering. The Pani puri are crispy and delicious with the sauces. I had the shahi chicken korma, a creamy curry sauce. Oh.My.Tastebuds. the sauce is thick and creamy with a pleasant curry taste. The chicken did not need a knife since it was so tender. The rice was well done, no grains clumped together. My friend had the  Hariyali Kebab; chicken marinated overnight in a mint marinade. Oh, so refreshingly good and minty. But not a bad minty, just right.We also had the mango lassi. Perfect mango flavor and so nice and creamy.I've had indian food before, but the flavors have been overwhelming. Like, no matter what I do, the taste won't leave my mouth. I'm so glad I had leftovers to enjoy while I wrote this review.I don't review on what a restaurant looks like or the waitstaff. I can't be bothered by those things. Just because the place is gorgeous, doesn't mean the food is up to par. but if you do want to know, it's not a huge location. The waiter didn't make conversation, he pretty much took our order and kept it moving. but then again, I'm not being paid to be entertained. Definately give this a try. You won't be sorry.
I booked a table for 11 of us on Saturday after trawling through hundreds of reviews of Indian restaurants on Yelp and other websites.  I believe we chose the best we could have!  Coming from UK we have missed the flavours and reasonable prices of Indian food that we are used to.  Masala Wala was DELICIOUS  and well priced.  I had the chicken tikka masala which is the best I've had since living in New York.  All of our party enjoyed their food, the service was excellent and the owned introduced himself and checked on us that everything was up to scratch.  Highly, highly recommend this restaurant!  Go there, just go!
Good decor, friendly service, tasty food, appropriately-sized portions! Ordered the paneer tikka masala and butter naan. Tasted delicious and wasn't too greasy.
only stopped in for the masala chai and it was delicious, totally hit the spot!
Just finished a meal here and can't wait to come back for more. Great, homemade, affordable Indian food. Best samosas I've ever had! The owner came around to see how the food was and couldn't have been nicer or happier to have people enjoy his food. Will definitely be back!
Found this restaurant through yelp and tripadvisor... And did we get lucky.. Was planning a 40th bday weekend celebration for a friend and his wife. Based on reviews contacted MasalaWala jr who set up the most amazing dinner for the 14 of us. No detail was overlooked even on a busy evening. The real treat was meeting the owner, Mr. Majumdar, the original MasalaWala. His personal attention, warmth and off course the great desi food made it a most spectacular night. And then he brought a cake for our friends, totally surprising all of us.... This is a special place...And food is delicious.. they have dishes from all over India and each tasted fantastic. My favorite was Chicken 66, the gobi Manchurian and shrimp curry (Bengali style). And the naans here are the best I've eaten in a long time. The Reislings and Indian beer paired well with our meals. Thank you Roni and Mr. MasalaWala for a special evening...
My hubby and I were looking for a typical New Yorker Indian restaurant in Manhattan. We had a great experience, lunch for 8$ each was more than sufficient. Both curries were absolutely delicious! We'll probably go back to try the rest of their menu :)
EXTREMELY GOOD. Fresh ingredients. Great flavors. Great price. One of the best Indian experiences I've had in the city.
Great Indian restaurant! I went in to celebrate my birthday with a group of friends - (it's a small place so if you're more than 4 be sure to make a reservation) - and the service was excellent! Good food, nice charming ambiance, very friendly service.
The owner of this place really knows how to run a business. I swear all he did was go table to table making sure everything was ok while adding a little commentary about either the food or how great we were :). It's nice. And the food was incredible too.
A terrific restaurant, and worth the cab ride here from Midtown!  Food is spectacular, and owner is lovely...he came to our table, and made us feel right at home.  A must visit, restaurant!!
If you are in LES and want delicious and healthy food, this place rocks. Tasty food and actually very reasonably priced. But this place just has an Indian hospitality you don't find anywhere - Mr. Masalawala himself checks on every food presented and consults with all the guests about his food - taking feedback and suggestions.  The whole experience is so much more fun because of the owner being there.
Went today for lunch--great place.  The staff is extremely friendly and really cared about ensuring we enjoyed our meal.  The food was so fresh and very delicious!  Just finished eating the leftovers for my dinner.  And the prices are great.  High quality food for a reasonable price with a great staff--what's not to like?  Go there!
We were looking for a 'convenient' Indian restaurant in the Lower East Side that our family members could meet at. Since two of our family are vegans, I tried to find a place that also had some vegan options.  We found it at the Masala Wala!  What a great restaurant! As other reviewers have testified, we too met the owner who wanted to be sure that we were having a good Sunday lunch. The lunch menu included either a salad or soup. I ordered the lentil soup. It was delicious with the right amount of heat! All seven of us enjoyed what we ordered. My Chicken Tikka Masala did not disappoint. Lunch included ample bowls of  rice to go with all the dishes. My daughter's vegan Chana Masala dish looked delicious and she thoroughly enjoyed it!. The owner had us try two 'ice creams'..mango and pistacio. Both were great. I especially loved the mango!  We were told that all the dishes are homemade, all made from scratch.  I plan to come back, if only for the mango ice cream!!!
WOW. This was the best Indian food I have ever had. Even my teenage son (who was apprehensive about Indian cuisine) loved every bite. The very friendly owner made the whole meal a pleasure. He helped us to order and was good enough to make sure we didn't order too much! How many restaurant owners would do that?? I sugget you take the owners suggestions and you can't go wrong. You won't be disappointed
This restaurant is fantastic. I've lived in India and Bangladesh, and really miss Indian and Bangladeshi street food. I ordered exactly what I used to eat in Kolkata and Dhaka, and was pleasantly surprised to find that everything tasted near exactly what I was used to in India and Bangladesh. The Gobi Manchurian was especially impressive, with just the right amount of spice. The service was conscientious and efficient. The owner is really friendly and genuinely cares about the guests' experience. He checked in with our table multiple times. I'll definitely be returning again soon.
We stumbled upon this place when we were nearby. The food is good. Some dishes better than others. Their deserts are very good. We had the Rabdi and Kulfi and liked both. The owner himself was suggesting dishes to us. He is very friendly. It's a nice, cozy place to go to if you are nearby and want to have Indian.
excellent food. the quality of the meat might not be equivalent to a 27 Zagat-rated restaurant, but it's still good quality ( I am very picky about my meat). the spices and proportions are very well balanced, and overall, the food is very tasty. On par with Junoon and much cheaper. The ambience is cozy and clean, the decor very nice. One of the best Indian restaurants in the city!
Growing up knowing the Indian culture and cuisine, I was only used to eating mother's home cooked food. I would eat nothing else. If we had to order from anywhere else, I would be disappointed because nothing can compare to my mother's food. Despite that, I was unfortunately getting sick of eating Indian every night. But surprisingly, I found out about the MasalaWala and was floored by their presence and food. I was in disbelief that I was actually beginning to love Indian food again.  I would have never guessed it to get any better than that. It's one of those restaurants that make me want to visit every weekend just to get a taste of their delicious food. I love the atmosphere and vibe when I come downtown to sit in their restaurant. it feels like I'm sitting in my own home waiting for my moms food to arrive at the table. I wish I lived closer to their restaurant just so I can order some of their delicious gobi manchurian, jalfrezi, paneer, and I could just sit here naming everything on the menu because it's that good. I would definitely recommend coming for a visit because I had a worthwhile visit and I'm sure you will too!
The food was fantastic and the service was warm and welcoming. The portions were huge! We enjoyed everything we ordered - the paneer, chicken tikka masala, daal. Will definitely be our go to place for indian in the neighborhood.
very impressed...now have a go-to indian near my apt.had the fish madras curry (on a whim) and was great--fragrant, whole spices, curry leaves...just like I had in Chennai.  Really good flavorsExcited to try more of their food
Fucking Amazing! Street Food??? The best concept ever! the food was really excellent!
good service, mediocre food... disappointed from all the great reviews specially with all the great indian restaurants in nyc
Been here twice.  High quality food made fresh.  Highly recommend the puri - delicious.  All the flavor of Manhattan's top indian restaurants (e.g., Devi, Junoon, Tamarind Tribeca, etc.) in a very casual setting.  Will continue to make the trip down from the upper west side.
Amazing food, fresh, high quality ingredients. Minus 1 star for the tiny portion size, plus 1 for the service and how pleasant the chef was.
Got delivery from here and it was DELICIOUS! It came hot, the food was well presented, it had good flavor and there was plenty of it, even the delivery man was charming! Would definitely recommend  will be ordering from here again soon!
this was one of the best indian meals i've had in NYC. only reason why i came was via a friend's gilt city deal - if you see a deal for this restaurant on any of these sites - BUY IT! if you don't have a deal but want good, reasonably priced indian food - come anyway. we ordered the: bottle of pino grigio, garlic naan, paneer bhurji roll and samosa chaat for starters - SAMOSA CHAAT - SO tasty, flavors were incredible. then ordered the NAVRATAN KORMA (also awesome) and shrimp masala --seafood was fresh and delicious. dessert - DON"T MISS the RABRI RAS MALAI - the owner was there the night we came to dinner, he was the nicest guy, busing tables and chatting to all of the guests - you could tell he wanted patrons to have a nice time and a good meal. he said the rabri was his mother's recipe and we practically licked the plate clean. the wait staff was so friendly, nice and attentive. if you do use a voucher, please remember that you are supposed to tip on the actual amount, not on the discounted amount (i use these vouchers a lot and have read other yelp reviews complaining when a restaurant adds a mandatory 20% tip on the actual price of food and not the discounted price, regardless of what you want to tip, it should be on the actual value of your meal). This restaurant does not include a mandatory tip, but it would really suck for these super nice servers and this wonderful restaurant to get short changed. will definitely be coming back to try more dishes and their mango lassi. restaurants in nyc come and go, i really hope this place sticks around!!!
i went here last night with my brother before catching a film at the landmarc cinema on houston.  food was DELICIOUS.  the owner came over a couple of times to check on us.  place is about a year old.  it's small and intimate and reasonably priced.  we had large kingfisher beers with our spicy meal - it was perfect.  highly recommend!!!!
So.  I am very picky when it comes to indian food. What can I say, after my families cooking and then actually going to India, I'm not easily impressed. Found this spot on yelp and my Dad and I went for his birthday. Ordered the Aloo Masala Roll. Very simple, but very good. Crisp on the outside, light spice, and great chutney. Then we spilt Dal Makhani, with Naan, rice and raita. My Dad loved it. Which is surprising because he's worse than me about eating Indian food out.  Their Masala Chai is delicious.  Perfect after a nice dinner. The "UncleJi" who owns the place is funny and accommodating. Gave me some gulab jamun for free. By the way, order it if you have not tried one before.  Would recommend and definitely come back.
Exceptional service.. very pleasant environment.. great staff.. me and my boyfriend went on a Saturday night dinner food was delicious.. the owner aka "the masalawala uncle" is such a nice man makes you feel at home.. would def recommend to anyone who is looking devour indian food in a nice environment with great hospitality!
Service is impeccable. Food is delicious. Be wary that the "mild" curry was still very spicy in my boyfriend and my opinion. When asked if there was a way for them to make it more mild, they kindly did so. Would return.
Had an awesome meal and got to meet the owner. Very welcoming guy and the food was fantastic. An authentic Indian experience! I recommend the Dal Makhani and Chili Chicken
We picked this place as our date night in NYC. The food was out of this world. If you think of Indian, this is the place to go in NYC.
This is the first review I've ever written, and there's a good chance it will be the last - you're only reminded of absolutely mind-blowing food while eating merely solid food so often. The MasalaWala is by far my favorite Indian restaurant in the country, and might be even if its proprietor, his inspiration, and their employees weren't so full of warmth and conviviality. You know the term "neighborhood joint?" That's what The MasalaWala feels like every time you walk through the door, whether dining in or grabbing takeout. But the food, almost unbelievably, surpasses the service. This is the type of place that deserves to be around forever, and people gush to their friends about after vacationing in the city.The MasalaWala is special. I seriously can't wait to go back.
I went for lunch with my grandparents who wanted to try Indian food for the first time. It was completely empty so obviously the service was incredible. Our waiter was so patient even though we took a long time to finalize our order. We got the chicken tikka masala which was very spicy (in the best way), garlic naan, vegetarian samosas, and tandoori chicken. Everything was delicious, hot and had the perfect amount of heat. Our waiter constantly filled our water cups and was very attentive. Would 100% go back if I am in the area.
I think my experience warrants a 3.5, but it was nearer to a 3 to a 4 so I've gone with a 3. Being a Brit, curry is the most common takeaway dish, so I have had my fair share of curries over the years, therefore consider myself a fair judge of a good curry. My husband and I came here due to the high Yelp rating, but came away disappointed. We ordered vegetable samosas to start (FYI *free samosa with check in*), unfortunately I ordered before I checked in, and they wouldn't give us our appetizer as the freebie and instead brought us an addition samosa? The samosas were a bit on the spicy side, but otherwise very good.For our main course we shared a chicken tikka masala and lamb rogan josh. We weren't a fan of the chicken as it wasn't fresh chicken breast, it was the sort of chicken that you purchase ready cut in pieces and it had a more dense texture. The sauce of both curries was way too runny, you almost had to drain off the sauce when serving it in order to get the meat, so at the end you are left with a bowl of sauce. We ordered a roti to share, which was fine. I like to tear pieces off, but it arrived came ready cut into slices like pitta bread. The staff were very friendly and the restaurant was nice, but the curry just wasn't up to par for me. My search for a good curry in NYC continues....
Great spot!  We had a really great experience here for dinner.  Food was great and servers were attentive.  The lamb entree was a highlight..really good ($25 for 3).   Salad is enough to share.  All of the veggies were cooked perfectly and loaded with flavor.   Save room for the Indian ice cream...the pistachio is so f'n good!
So the food was decent here.  Not nit picky.  But, oddly felt like we were being pushed out of there to make room for the next group.   We didn't take extra long or otherwise prolong our meal--and spent 200 at the table.  I think the owner thought he was being slick/nice, but easily seen through on repeatedly coming to our table and hovering--and also had a wanna-be-nice-then-angry personality.  Not coming back, much more in NYC to work with.  And, someone has gotta tell that angry, not smiling dude to step back and let someone take over the front.
We tried many Indian restaurants during our trip to NYC since my parents mostly eat Indian food.this was the worst. Food was bland . Tandoori chicken was uncooked and no spices. Also quality of meat wasn't that great. Yelp rating and trip advisor rating fooled us.
We came to Masala Wala on a bachelorette trip to NYC. The food was amazing and according to my Indian friends, very authentic! There was a short wait for a table, but once seated the service was excellent throughout our meal. The host was very friendly and even came and blessed the bride. Overall, an excellent experience. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in the city!
Really great experience all around. I live in Murray Hill, so the MasalaWala is not on my normal roster of Indian places. However, they recently donated a huge amount of food to a fundraiser I was part of at the New York Junior League (complete with a very pleasant server who helped at the fundraiser). Between how great the samosas were and how grateful I was for their donation, I knew I had to check out the restaurant ASAP. The owner (THE Masala Wala, mind you) was there to greet us when we arrived. The place is small (also note, beer and wine only), and there were some guys lingering at the table that was meant for our reservation. Masala was so nice and apologetic while we waited for ~10 minutes. Service was friendly and efficient all night.The food was really great. If you're not familiar or overly comfortable with Indian, this is a great place to start. They explain what is in the dishes when you ask, and they even have pictures on an iPad to show you what certain dishes look like. I really appreciated that. The food was some of the best Indian I have had in NYC. Masala brought us his homemade mango and pistachio ice cream to finish the meal, which was delicious! Overall, the food and experience were great. I can't wait to go back.Masala's son owns Tapestry on the West Side, so I will be sure to check that one out soon!
Great food! Great service! We had the chance to meet MasalaWala himself and he was a awesome man! The food was quick and delicious and was followed by free Mango ice cream.
This is a small Indian restaurant on the Lower East Side. The ambiance is perfect for a casual evening and the food was exceptional. They now have several locations around the city. The food was delicious, service was excellent and the atmosphere casual. The 2 curries we ordered were both very tasty and I was impressed by the tenderness of the lamb in the dish. Prices were reasonable and represented good value. The MasalaWala himself is on hand making sure everyone is enjoying their meal. It's a place definitely worth checking out.
Some of the best Indian food I've had in NYC (granted I've been very unlucky and haven't really had good Indian food here.) Love and appreciate that they denote what is vegan on the menu as I'm lactose intolerant. I had the veggie samosa (definitely the best in NYC I've had) and the spinach and chickpea curry that the chef graciously modified to have no dairy. They were great together and the basmati rice was also fantastic.My friend had the appetizer sampler and masala chai. Apparently the shrimp in the appetizer was amazing, though the chicken a tad dry. The chai was also creamy and delicious. Will definitely come back, wish they delivered to my apartment!
Married folks, couples and newly weds... does your significant other have a specific quirk that you found cute in the beginning but later on found somewhat bothersome?::looks around:::Not me.Is she gone yet??Good. My "bae" ( as the kids call it these days) has a habit of pretending to listen while I talk but in reality she's thinking about random things such as Newton's second law of motion or what time Levain's closes. What I found most interesting today was that she not only does that to me but even to our waiter. Just for the record, he's a male as well.Waiter - Your Gilt City deal include these wines except riesling.Bae - Hmm I'm in the mood for a white wine, like a riesling. Me -    :::: looks at camera:::."Bae" purchased a Gilt City deal and hadddddddddddddd to come here. No problem. You learn to agree with anything your significant other wants if you don't want to sleep on the couch. Happy wife, happy life. Am I right? The deal with 2 apps, 2 entrees, 1 dessert and a bottle of wine. The Wala Non-Veg Sampler consist of  Mumbai Chicken Samosa, Lucknow Malai Tikka and Malai Tiger Shrimp. The chicken was moist and had a very light flavor. 2 pieces of Tiger Shrimp with a curry paste slathered all over. Decent. Samosa was perfect. Not too heavy and a delicious filling. Our next app was Kolkata Gobi Manchurian. Masalawala's take on General Tso's chicken only the filling was cauliflower. Surprisingly good, even for a non-vegetarian like me. Entrees were- Chicken Tikki Masala- Lamb Rogan Josh*The chicken was slightly dry Itself but the curry was delicious. The lamb in the Rogan was Australian type that had the consistency and taste of beef stew. Kashmiri curry that accompanied it was spicy if not properly consumed even when ordered mild. Still a good option If you like the heat that a similar curry like Vindaloo would bring.  Hospitality was great here and really gave the overall experience a thumbs up. Cozy atmosphere. Great date night spot. Do It. Your "SO" will be so impressed with you. She might even let you sleep in an extra 5 mins. Thank me later. I accept cash and paypal.
Had a craving for Indian food after a delightful Uber driver from India drove us to LES from the airport.   Ha! Decided to risk a walk in, given no reservations until after 10.   We were seated immediately in the very small restaurant.    This place is simply the best!   We ordered our regulars, Lamb Rogan Josh and Chicken Tikka Masala with garlic Naan.   The test is always the quality and the tenderness of the meat under the sauce, and this was perfect.  Large tender chunks.  The sauces were exceptional.    The service was excellent.   Amazingly large staff for such a small place.   The best part was the caring, attentive owner who stopped by a couple of times to check on our meal.  Definitely recommend MasalaWala!
I came here in February but I remember the venue and food just fine. It was not busy when we walked in most likely cause it was so cold outside.Service was courteous and attentive, I came with the hubs because he really wanted some indian food plus he is a vegetarian. We started off with the chicken samosa for me and vegetable samosas for him. They were great but were pricey for just two. The drinks were nothing to write home about, they advertised indian soda (it's basically american soda) -- do not get conned into ordering it, 3$ for a load of crap.We had two entrees and a garlic naan. Hubby absolutely loved his food because it was flavorful and meatless. I on the otherhand thought the food was on the saltier side. I spent 70$+ including tip and tax for mediocre food and it was just two people! I thought that was a rip off. If you have the money to spend, come here.The only reason I would be back is if hubs brings up this specific food place when he comes back to visit.
This food simply isn't very good. The basic flavours of the dishes are good, but they totally fail at preparation. We ordered veg and non-veg mixed appetizers. The paneer was dry and chewy, as was the chicken, although the coriander chutney on it was good and tasty. The fritters were greasy and the samosas were overcooked. We ordered three mains -   Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Saagwalla, and Lamb Vindaloo - all three were lukewarm when they got to the table. I sent back the Saagwalla and it came back 60 seconds later. 60 seconds hotter from the microwave. The Lamb chunks were dry and chewy although the sauce was tangy and good. The Tikka Masala was bland, although I suppose that's how it's supposed to be. I really get the feeling they make huge pots of everything the day before and reheat and scoop it into bowls .The one very bright spot was the Chor Bazaar Dahi Puri - light and fluffy and delicious! But with the number of good restaurants around, I can't think why I'd ever come back here.  (Oh.. almost forgot to mention the wine. Tried 3 different reds... each was worse than the next.)
Been wanting to try indian food for so long and heard about this place through a friend so I decided to give it a try. So glad I did!We ordered the mango lassi, garlic naan, and lamb shahi korma to share. The lamb shahi korma was pretty good. I was really afraid of the lamb being overcooked and dry, but it wasn't. However, the rice was quite dry. Maybe I'm just not used that type of rice, but I had to drown the rice in the cashew cream sauce in order to cover up the dryness. The garlic naan was the perfect texture. The right amount of crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Really wanted to order more but we were pretty full already. Service was excellent. Will definitely be coming back to try the other dishes!
This place was super good we got the Tikka Masala and naan. Loved the chill vibe and the owner is awesome as well! Would definitely recommend this to friends.
I absolutely loved this place.Great for dates, family, and friends.Food was amazing with great portions. That garlic nan..omg. Great!The service was quick, nice, attentive. The decor is adorable  cozy.Just go and try it out, will not regret.
LOVED THE FOOD!!!Wonderful place for a dine in. Great Ambience, awesome food and great service . Totally recommend this place. Big shout out to the masalawala himself for being so nice and friendly.
This restaurant has amazing staff and the food was delicious. The owner was so sweet kept checking on us. 10/10 recommended
Awesome food! I've been to Jackson Heights in the past for authentic Pakistani food. This was equally as delicious! So why the 3 star rating? We walk in on a Thursday around 5:45pm. Only two tables are taken up and like 10 available. The place is quite small and every table has a reserved sign on it. Hmm ok. The guy walks over and asked if we had a reservation. We did not. He walks over to the manager to see if we can be seated. He walks back over to us and asked if we want to sit outside. I repeat,  the restaurant was pretty much empty! I tell him no. The two dingy tables outside didn't even have chairs. I'm ready to walk out and he says the reservations are for 7:45pm. Um, it's 5:45pm. It's only 2 of us. Something isn't right there. He allows us to sit and we are out within 45 minutes. Mind you, five tables were still free inside the restaurant when we left. I would give them 1 star based-off the reservation situation at the empty restaurant. However, food was delicious!!! The only thing I didn't enjoy was the Samosa. The Chicken Tikka Masala was on point. They are pricier than average at around $16 per entree more/less. I might return at some point, but they left a bad impression. I feel they could be nicer to people who don't have reservations at 5pm on a Thursday. I mean c'mon? It's not Saturday night. Geez.
Middle of the road Indian food. They have an interesting mix that is not strictly Indian. The lamb in the lamb rogan josh was way over cooked and the staff was a bit sluggish. But otherwise an ok place to eat.
Stumbled upon this great find! The owner was super welcoming and so humble. He truly cares about his customers and made sure everything came out amazing and topped it off with some homemade mango ice cream (HIGHLY recommended!). Shared a papri chaat, samosa chaat, (yep was craving chaat) and tandoori chicken with a friend. The chaat was on point with the medley of flavors! The tandoori chicken was cooked to perfection and super juicy. P.S. This review is coming from a fellow Indian so for an Indian which definitely says a lot right there!
I visited this restaurant today after taking a long walk in 97 degree weather. Not only the wait staff were very helpful but the owner also stopped at our table to greet us and offered complimentary dessert and drink. Food is awesome too! Go visit them.
Was driving past the restaurant with a friend and decided to check it out.  Hopped on Yelp and was amazed to see 4.5 stars and 950 reviews.  All I can say is that it was hands down amazing.  Small cozy spot.  Waiters were very attentive. Wasn't a time where my glass was not filled. Food was spectacular! Had the lamb biryani and the chicken tikka masala. The lamb was cooked to perfection. The best part was the owner came and introduced himself personally. Couldn't have felt more welcomed.  Great service and great food. Best Indian spot in Manhattan!
Delicious food, especially when sharing with friends and you order a bunch of stuff. Nice staff and cozy atmosphere. I'll be back.
Bad management, not so good food. Not sure how this place has so many good reviews. Manager is annoying. Restroom is on another level of grossness. Only pro was the quick service, two stars for that.
Place is small. Food is actually descent however a bit on the sweeter side for some reason. Good for small groups of people.
So, I'm a bit late writing this review but I love this place! I went here for my birthday and reserved a spot for 6 people. My friend got there before me and I was late to my own dinner party by a few minutes. My friend took that time to equip them with my birthday cake for later. The other 4 guests were more than 30 minutes late and two of them were actually over an hour late. Thankfully, they were very gracious and accommodating about the whole thing and didn't make me feel like I was just taking space (we were there before rush hour though so it wasn't crowded anyway). But, I still felt bad. The food was delicious as usual, I'm not an expert on Indian food, but their food is very flavorful and the dishes don't taste the same. It's a great place to share food with your friends. They have a great variety of foods. I had a mixed group of friends with me from refined to loud-ish funny comedian types and they treated us all very well. Very sweet staff, and I wouldn't personally believe any bad reviews as far as staff is concerned. I've been there a few times for dinner and once for a take out meal and was always happy knowing I was getting some tasty food. I wish this place continued fortune and good business b.c they deserve it. Just a tip don't try to reserve groups larger than 6 it's a small intimate place.
The is the very first time that I am intrigued enough to come to yelp for writing a review because " The Masalawala " is the place if you want to try north Indian cuisine. Ordered Shahi paneer, Gobi Manchurian and papdi chat all dishes were perfect. Was not able to hold myself back to write the review even before getting out of this place.
Honestly one of the few south Asian restaurants I like. Food is authentic, not bland and Americanized to suit the palates of people who aren't used to the food we, as south Asians, like to eat, but can be suited if you tell the waiter how much spice you like. The curries are wonderfully spiced and not watery. Tried the chicken tikka masala which was AMAZING. I don't even like chicken tikkas, but the one here is great. The mango lassi was good too, and you have to try the garlic naan! It was awesome :)Can't wait to be back!!
**Free vegetable samosa with Yelp check-in!**What is a MasalaWala?  I still couldn't tell you.  However, they serve up some pretty good food here.The restaurant itself is much tinier than I envisioned it to be, however, on a beautiful Saturday evening, not all of the tables were full.  For a solid 4.5 star restaurant, I would have expected a line out of the door, but that's just merely an observation.  We were seated immediately after having made a reservation on OpenTable (which said there were no seats left, but maybe for walk ins only?).  We even had a little "reserved" placard on our table.  Service was excellent - our waiter was awesome.  He saw that we had checked into Yelp on our phones after we set them aside and proactively brought us both our free samosas and we didn't even have to ask!  Service was great throughout - water was always full.  Usually, it costs extra to get a refill on Raita (the best stuff ever), but he was nice enough to give us a portion free of charge.  I hate paying extra for condiments, but I would for Raita!Samosas 3/5 - not the best I've had.  I think the outside/skin fell apart too easily and there was too much of it.  Inside was nicely flavored.Badshahi Lamb Biryani 4.5/5 - asked for mild and this was definitely hotter than my "medium to spicy" lamb curry.  I liked the kick, but however, it was a bit spicy for the boyfriend.  It was full of chunks of lamb, more than I expected, and very well seasoned (but not over the top).  Went really well with the side of raita.  Very satisfied.Lamb Rogan Josh 4/5 - I usually get the vindaloo, but since the waiter said this is similar and I hadn't had this kind before, I went with this.  It says its made with tomatoes, but I don't think I tasted much of any tomatoes in this, versus the vindaloo that has a distinct tangy tomato flavor.  There was a lot of lamb in this dish as well, which was tender and not tough at all.  The flavor was a bit too "normal" for me - tasted like a generic curry - maybe that's what it's supposed to be.Garlic naan - lots of garlic flavor, though I think I may have had better textured naan elsewhere.  4/5 for the naan.The basmati rice was really fragrant and actually good enough for me to comment on as well :)Mr. MasalaWala came out to greet guests - I read that he does this a lot in other people's reviews.  Smart guy - he's friendly and energetic and this small gesture probably gives the restaurant a bunch of brownie points and extra stars on their reviews.
Wow, Amazing food!!..Best Indian food I had so far in NYC.We ordered samosa, Kashmiri Gobi Manchurian, Chicken Tikka Masala, Malai Kofta, Chicken Biriyani and Veggie Biriyani..Every dish was made to perfection and I really want to come back to this restaurant next time I visit NYC
Food was very good. My friends and I ordered a combination of veg and non-veg food and everything was great. On the house dessert (mango kulfi) was a cherry on top.
Service is perfect. They get the little details right.Food is very good, too. Kolkata Gobi Manchurian - Cauliflower is very flavorful - like a General Tso's type sauce. Tangy and spicy, green onions were a nice touch. Same can be said about the Jalfrezi - dry curry, tangy and spicy. Perfect balance of spiciness - not too hot so it doesn't take away from the flavor. I can definitely taste the Chinese/Indo-China influences in both dishes. Pretty good portions for the prices. Mango lassi is thick.Ambiance is good; noise/music level may be a bit much at some moments as it's a small place.I would definitely come here again for Indian food. Probably the best Indian restaurant I've been to so far (and that includes the ones in Jackson Heights)!
How does this place have such high rating is beyond me. Worst overpriced Indian food . How can a chef not know how to make simple lemon rice ? And the chicken dahi Wala was such a fraud dish, forgot to add ginger garlic in the curry or ? So tasteless, was very disappointed..reason why I don't eat at Indian restaurants much in USA
Masala Wala. The food service was amazing. The waiter was friendly and offered suggestions to match our appetite. The food overall was properly well spiced. We started off with the Mumbai samosa. Let me add how wonderfully light it was and perfect for any vegan. It was stuffed with diced potatoes and chickpeas which were well seasoned. Next, the Lamb Buana roll came with a salad. This homemade bread was generously filled with the lamb which hit the pallets of the tongue with mild spice. May I add it was sided with tamarind chutney and fresh mint chutney. Perfect. The tiger shrimp Malabar. Now this was my absolute favorite dish of the day!! The tiger shrimps were wonderfully smothered in curry leaves and coconut milk which included mild turmeric. The basmati rice complimented the dish very well and it also helped out scoop any sauce that was left over on the plate. (Call me greedy) Lastly, the waiter complimented our final order with Gulab Jamun, which was a 2 perfectly fried dumplings dessert that was glorified in sweet saffron syrup. I
Everything I tried was awesome! The Zucchini Chips were amazing; Probably my favorite thing I ordered! For Entree I ordered the Lamb Shahi Korma, it is not spicy at all, but it was hearty. I loved dipping the Garlic Naan in the sauce. I also had a glass of their house Pinot Grigio which wasn't bad either. The next time I come here I will order, the zucchini chips and get a side of the garlic naan. I will have to pull myself I away from the entree I had, I loved it, but I want to try more things on the menu so far I love it!
We had such a delightful experience for dinner. We were about 20mins late for our dinner reservations but the staff showed no anger/resentment towards our delay. They promptly sat us at our table and provided us with some of the best service we've gotten. The servers were patient and attentive to our needs.The food was just as wonderful. For starters we ordered various types of chaat which had the perfect balance of sweet and spicy. The best part is that even though some of the items were premixed they were still crispy! For our entrees we ordered Matar Paneer, Chicken Chettinand and Baigan Bharta at a medium spice level. The dishes had the perfect amount of spice without it being overwhelming. In addition the dishes were not greasy like we usually get at Indian restaurants. The garlic naan and onion naan were also warm and soft with little bits of crispiness.For dessert we had the Raas Malai, Gulab Jamun and the server brought us some Mango Kulfi on the house. All three were delicious and tasted home made. My father in law also said the Masala Chai was on point and one of the best he's had at a restaurant.
The food is great, ambiance is great, service is great, this has become one of my fave restaurants in NYC. I have tried a lot of desi places and I I honestly didn't have high expectations for the food, I just liked the decor and decided to go but everything about the chicken chetnad I ordered was perfect! I would say though their food is a little on the spicier side so just be careful with how hot you want your food to be. Definitely coming back!
Excellent Indian food this evening This was one of the finest places we have been. And we have been to many good places in the City.Staff was very friendly to boot...Enjoy!
such an incredible meal with a friend in a small intimate setting but well done. the owner was so nice came right up to talk to us and we loved the pashwari naan so much he gave us one to go! so fresh and incredible. had malai kofta - so rich and creamy and my friend loved the chicken biryani. amazing best indian food i've ever had
I ordered the chicken tikka masala and the chicken madras through delivery.com. Delivery - 2 stars: the delivery guy didn't have time to come up stairs using the elevator so he left it with the security guy..Food - 2 stars: both dishes were quite bland, which was really really surprising considering that this is an Indian place and has such great reviews . I can take heat so I was expecting so much more spice! Here's to continuing the search to find the best Indian place that delivers ..
Great food. The waiters were polite and the owner even came over to spend time and find out how our experience was. Ask for Indian spicy of you eat really hot. Very tasty. Biriyani, paneer, malai kofta were all great.
This place is definitely one of the most authentic Indian cuisine restaurant around NYC. My husband and I came here for lunch on a weekend afternoon. It is a very clean and cosy place.Upon checking in on Yelp, we are entitled for a free samosa each as our appetizer. It tasted similar to an Indian curry puff, but with a more crisp outer layer and slightly more spicy.We ordered the Tandoor Grill Malai Tiger Shrimp, Chicken Tikka Masala and Garlic Naan. These taste simply fabulous! The garlic naan goes really well with the chicken, totally loved the curry and the combination!The server was really attentive and polite. The place isn't too noisy and crowded for a weekend afternoon. Simply a good place to chill for some authentic Indian food. I would definitely recommend this place to others and return for more!
For starters I found this place on Yelp. And now I'm back on Yelp writing it's review. Our circle of life. Hahaha. When I first came here there was a line and we had to wait. This was around night time so I'd assume so. We waited around 10 minutes max before we got a table. When we got a table the owner himself was walking around talking to the customers. I cannot explain enough how much of a sweetheart he was. My bf was adamant about not eating Indian food. The owner came around and began chatting with us though we were old friends. The entire staff is just so polite and very observant. On waiter came by and took my empty beer bottle and poured the last drop into the glass. I was shocked. Throughout the meal we had the owner come by make jokes and talk to us. The waiters were very sweet as i called out for another beer (I'm a child). First visit: Amazing! I've gone back and although the owner was not present my experience was nothing less than memorable. I would recommend anyone to come here. Everyone here is friendly and sweet. :D
So my family was in town to visit us. We were waiting outside for 1.5 hours after he told us that it would only be 15-20 minutes. What's worse, another group of 4 people came in and they were immediately seated. The owner told me that we are waiting on the best table, while he lied to my husband that the previous group had a reservation 10 days ago. What kind of place is this? I understand that you are very popular and busy, but seriously? Hello, you don't need to make up a story to cover up your favoritism. As for the food, I had it before. It's very much like the American Indian food (you know what I mean).  Will never be going again. Thanks for your kindness.
Loved the food and quality of ingredients and service. Well done guys and now open in other places too:)
The food was good but they didn't serve true "pani" with their pani puri appetizer.  Great friendly service  overall a nice little restaurant with ambience.
This place is awesome! I have been three times and am never disappointed. The lunch specials are an awesome deal - I usually get the vindaloo which is pretty spicy but perfect for me. If you want an unreal appetizer you have to get the breaded cauliflower - I am not kidding when I say that this is the best indian dish I have ever had. I found it because I asked the waiter what his favorite thing on the menu was. It is awesome. This place rocks.
Amazing food and hospitality! Would 100% recommend this to anyone looking for an authentic Indian experience.
Just awesome. Service was great and food was delicious. Will visit often I totally recommend this place.Best samosas!You must get here early if you do not wish to wait in long lines.
We came here based on a Yelp review. My brothers wife only eats halal so we can here as a double date. However, this restaurant serves alcohol... oops!The food is amazing and plentiful. The owner was nothing but hospitable here.. we had the chicken tikka and several naan and other the other veggies and meats.I would come back.Their are 6-8 tables here and whenever the door opens there is a massive draft
I really, really enjoyed my experience here!!! The food was delicious! The paneer tika masala was a standout for me and was the bees knees! It was so flavorful! I don't usually love Indian desserts, but the pistachio kulfi topped off the meal perfectly! The 3 kingfishers weren't too shabby either.Above all, the owner was amazingly hospitable and so nice!!!Thank you Masalawala! I'll be back!
Let's put it this way, the couple of times I've been here I've finished all my food. Everything here is delicious, and the service is great. The owner makes his presence known, makes sure his staff is on top of things, and makes sure to check up on all the guests. The restaurant is located in lower Manhattan, and like most restaurants in the area it's not huge so I would recommend you make a reservation especially if you plan on coming around dinner. I've tried both the butter and garlic naan, and I have to say I prefer the butter. My boyfriend who is a fan of anything garlic flavored preferred the garlic naan. Their lamb chops have been featured on the Food Network, and they do not disappoint. The Mango Lassi is a yogurt mango smoothie that is delicious and is super popular, almost every table in the place had at least one glass of it. The interior of the place is nicely decorated and it's a great place to come if you're having dinner for 2 or with a small group of people. Bathroom is very clean and well kept. They have a number of "street food" style sides which I have yet to try, so I'm definitely coming back.
One of the best restaurants for Indian food. 1) Staff and service is awesome.2) Food is great and one if it's kind.  I would highly recommend this place.
I've been having a lot of positive food experiences lately, which is fantastic. (And wanting to keep that trend going) I heard a lot of great things about this place. So when my friend and I were craving Indian, we HAD to hit up the MasalaWala. The food looked very enticing and also, let's be honest... the name is extremely catchy.Inside is cozy and holds a decent amount of seats. We were able to snag a table for 2 right away. What first caught my eye were the decorations... mainly the giant photo of a man who was sitting a few seats away from us. I wasn't entirely sure who he was, but I'm guessing he was important enough to be featured in the restaurant! If you haven't read the other reviews, I'll reveal who he is later.What I really appreciated about their menu is not only the diverse offerings but that they actually have a key explaining what items on the menu mean (for all those new to the Indian cuisine). How great is that? We ended up ordering Garlic Naan (a must) and got a free Vegetable Samosa with check-in. For our entrees we split:-Chicken Murgh Dahiwala (hot): slow cooked in a cilantro, yogurt and ginger sauce. I didn't do "Indian spicy" but settled for the "American spicy" which still brought the heat. It was rich and had the perfect kick.-Chicken Shahi Korma: An unexpected sweet dish, but delicious nonetheless. It had a cashew and almond cream. I would definitely order this again. Creamy and flavorful.We were more than satisfied with our meals. But what made the night even better... we were greeted by the MasalaWala man himself. This guy really knows how to woo his customers. With a few kind words and handshakes, he won us over. And even sent over a complimentary Mango Ice Cream!* The meal was everything I thought it would be and I was so blown away at how nice the staff was. I would DEFINITELY come back. Anyone free tomorrow?! ___________________________________*I thought we were super special for getting that ice cream. He made us feel like we won a contest or something. But I see everyone else got it too! Haha. Still, what a kind gesture. Great guy.
Went here for dinner this evening. Recently tried Tapestry so we wanted to try the more traditional restaurant. We started off with a Kingfisher and a white wine. The glasses here are much lighter than most Indian restaurants and the wine was good. We started with the Paneer and Hakka Chicken, which were both my favorite of the meal, really excellent. The dinner however was just okay, nothing too special. The food was all fresh, warm, and very large portions. The meat is just okay quality. We had the Kashmiri lamb curry, dal makhani and the Baharaga Bhaigan. The eggplant was my favorite. We also had chili cheese naan which was spicy without much The flavors were basic. I would try other dishes next time I go to see if they were as good as the appetizers. The restaurant is a fun location, interesting decor - a little all over the place, and the service attentive and friendly. The Masalawala himself was there greeting everyone making jokes.
The family and I visited The MasalaWala for my mom's birthday. We set our reservation for 7:30 on a Saturday night and were pleased that the restaurant was fairly empty at that time. The menu was easy to understand and broken down in a unique way (by key ingredients) but a few pages were missing from dad and girlfriend's menus. Not too big a deal since they replaced our menus almost immediately. Our waiter was very accomodating considering we were ordering pretty slowly. He was kind enough to answer all our questions as well and we had a lot. He also suggested a solid Merlot to pair with the entrees we got. We're pretty sure he forgot our free samosa with our Yelp check-in but he made up for it by giving us 2 free samosas!Overall the food did not disappoint. Out of what we ordered the Veg Appetizer Plater, the Vegetable Jalfrezi, and the Onion Naan stood out the most (oh did I mention fam and I are vegetarian). Those dishes were perfectly seasoned and had a nice bite to them. The chutnies that came with the apps were also delicious. The proportions were also in our ideal zone .At the end of the meal, Mr. Masalawala himself popped out to wish my mom a happy birthday. He also ensured we got momma her free dessert!To sum it up, great meal, solid service and experience, but could use a tiny bit of improvement. Make sure the menus that come out have all the items on it and don't forget the free samosa. That aside, Would definitely recommend this place to anybody.
I would have given 3 stars as the owner was very friendly how ever later I ordered desert and they served me stale dessert to the extent that it was already bitter..... I could have easily gotten sick. The food was ok.... there are far more better places to go to..Would never go back again!!!
As everyone in NYC already knows there are hundred different Indian restaurants. But finding that true gem, the one which stands out and tastes different from the rest is no easy task.That is what I felt about The MasalaWala, the food really stood out. We started out with the merlot and pino grigio. For appetizers we got the vegetarian samosa (yay free for yelp checkin) and kolkata gobhi manchurian. For the entrees we had the chicken madras (chicken cooked to perfection in flavorful coconut curry) and the nawabi chicken biryani, again so good.What really stood out is how friendly and welcoming the staff were, which is hard to come by in any NYC restaurant. The owner came by and asked us how everything was. Overall a great Indian restaurant, would visit here again.
I moved to New York a few months ago and had very bad experiences with Indian Food. But I finally found my spot!The lamb chops (which are cooked in a curry) are just AMAZING! The sauce itself is so tasty!We also took a paneer matar, which was good, but my girlfriend wanted it spicy and that was a bit too much. They were nice enough to give us some of their yoghurt which helped a lot!I'll be back very soon.
Over the last one year i have struggled to find a good Indian restaurant and finally was able to find one. I was there 2 weeks ago on a Saturday. Had to make reservations well ahead. I didn't get to try non veg dishes as my friends preferred veg that day. I will definitely be coming back to try the non veg dishes. We already samosa chat, gobi manchurian, paneer tikka and veg jalferazi (the best).
Visiting New York for the weekend, I was craving spicy food. I yelp Indian food and found this place(The Masalawala). The owner ran into us outside the front door and made us feel like home. Food was great service was great And i highly recommend this place. Will definitely be back on my trip to NY.
good food and easy, quick deliveryI had the tikka masala and chicken biryani
Delicious food, cozy atmosphere and top notch service...what more could a hungry girl ask for? This is my new favorite LES spot for Indian cuisine, I can't wait to eat there again the next time I'm in the area! Don't forget to check in on Yelp for complimentary samosas!
I recently was able to have a small taste of MasalaWala at an event and I can't wait to go back and get some more! I was able to try two items - Samosas and some Paneer in a Curry sauce. Both were out of this world in terms of flavors and taste. The paneer by itself was excellent and combined with the sauce was dynamite. The samosa was good overall as well and left me planning my next trip to MasalaWala!
Best Indian for people who are sensitive to Ghee or Lactose intolerant. Just make sure you ask the server what to get. I will be back
Top notch Indian. Just ate here for dinner with two other people. We had the cauliflower for appetizer. I've never had cauliflower cooked to taste so meaty and tender. The outside was crispy and tangy. Honestly an amazing dish especially if you're trying to cut out meat but want that meaty satisfaction. Probably my favorite dish. My friends and I all ordered curries and they were all absolutely delicious. On the realz though, don't get too confident with the spice. They ask you how spicy 1-10. I got 5 which was a solid amount of heat, but tolerable. My friend said 7 and she was like sweating at the end of the meal. Like a lot. If you order a fatty sauce like peanut sauce the spice may be softened but just be careful in general! Indians don't fuck around with their spice lol. Great quality overall recommend
From the service to the food, everything about this place is a foodie's dream come true. The moment we stepped in to the restaurant we were greeted warmly and treated like family. My favorites of our meal was the crisped zucchini chips and ras malai!! I've been eating those since childhood and never had I experienced such delicious sweetened cheese balls like that before...simply sweet and decadent and the perfect way to end a very flavorful meal. The MasalaWala is definitely a must if you are ever in New York!!
My friends and I decided to try out this place after being late for a reservation at another restaurant nearby. It was a typical Thursday night and everywhere was packed with people or were waiting for people with reservations. When we came to MasalaWala, the people there were so nice and accommodating even though we didn't have a reservation. We were a party of 5 and they were able to seat us outside with not even a wait. We started out with 3 orders of naan, 2 garlic naan and butter naan. The garlic naan was probably my favorite it was perfectly seasoned and the taste of garlic was not overpowering at all. It came with two sauces a green and brown sauce. I can't remember the name of the sauces but the brown sauce was definitely my favorite. It was sweet and salty and paired extremely well with the naan to give it an extra boost of spiciness and flavor. After the naan was served we received our entrees. I got the Aloo Masala Roll which was nicely seasoned and the right amount of spiciness. The wrap was not too thin or heavy so you could really taste the seasoning and the potatoes. It looked pretty small but I was so full by the time I finished. This entrée came with a very small side salad. I ate the side salad with the sauce that came with the naan and it was delicious. I forgot to check in on Yelp at the beginning but when I remembered to check in at the end I was pleasantly surprised that I would be able to receive a free vegetable samosa!! The vegetable samosa was so delicious, probably one of the best samosa's I've had. The outside was crispy and thin, and the inside was savory and warm. Our waters were always filled and the service was absolutely terrific. We had some trouble in the beginning deciding what we wanted and we had people come by late and the waiter was extremely patient with us. Also the price was also very reasonable as well and not overpriced.
Wonderful restaurant. Completely enjoyed the food and meeting the Masalawala himself. Extraordinary!!! The pani puri was delicious as was the samosa chaat.
Absolutely delicious and amazing service! Started with the Kolkata Gobi Manchurian, a cauliflower dish, that was perfectly crispy and so tasty! I ordered the Paneer tiki masala as my main course and hands down was the best tiki masala I've ever had. Cooked to perfection. Not only was the food perfect, the service took our dining experience to another level. All the staff is extremely attentive and treat you like family! Can't wait to go back!
Amazing food! Amazing service! Amazing restaurant! Such a cute, little spot with outstanding Indian cuisine. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place to eat.
Delicious Indian food with a warm owner and wait staff.  We had the tandoori mixed grill and it was amazing especially the Sea Bass.  The Butter Naan was incredible especially with the spinach, lentil and chickpea sauces.  The samosas, both veggie and chicken, were perfect.Definitely a must go spot and don't forget the hug  high five from the Mr. Masalawala himself on your way in and out!
