You know a place is good when people dining there are of the nationality of the restaurant and there's always a good amount of people inside!Everything I've eaten here is delicious! My favorite is the garlic cucumber salad! It is so full of flavor and very well-seasoned. Next, I always get soup dumplings and the pumpkin spice cakes I think they're called. Just delicious! Go and enjoy!
You get the "Xi An" feel once you step into this place. Blasting pop music along with staff wearing their caps. You would think wait is this one of their branches. Walk all the way in and you'll see a large menu-board to your left with picture and prices on them. Once you are ready step up to the cashier and order. Make sure to keep your receipt for the food and the bathroom code. There are condiments to the right. All utensils, sauces, plates, napkins and tap water are all located in that one section.  I'm surprise to see a jug of vinegar and soy sauce. This is a self service restaurant, so once you order your food find a seat and wait for your number to be called. There are plenty of seatings on a Sunday evenings. Food came out fairly quick. We got the: Braised beef noodle soup: ($11.95) the beef was cut up into small bites, wished that it was larger chunks, can't really taste the flavor in it. Came with yau Choy vegetables in which they gave only the stem. What happen to the full veggie? Prefers some people don't like the end piece. Overpriced for a noodle soup. I can get the same thing in manhattan's Chinatown for half the price and better quality. Pork Mapo Tofu with egg over rice: ($9.65) too much sauce lead the dish to become overly salty. Not enough ground pork. Blue crab  pork dumplings: ($6.95) the soup dumplings was okay. I had better. After my meal, I really needed soda to wash everything down, as the saltiness of the food still clings to my mouth.
Amazing soup dumplings that actually have soup in them as opposed to other dumplings that claim to be "Xiaolongbao" -- Yes, you only get four but the size of each are almost equal the six you can get at other dim Sum joints... All in all -- fast service, not pretentious and reasonably priced makes this a "repeatable/ regular " place for future dumpling cravings !!
I passed by and stopped here for a quick lunch. Regrettably I didn't try the dumplings since I had some the other day, but I got the beef noodle soup and it was ok. It was a little pricey for noodles, but the flavor was much better than expected.There was pickled cabbage with contrasted really nicely since it was crunchy and a little sour with the beef soup. The braised beef usually comes in slices in my experience, but was chopped up here. There were medium thickness noodles, and it was cooked to the right softness. Over all I'd recommend this place for a quick meal, and there's open seating.
Pretty good! The serving size was very generous. We ordered the Braised Pork Meatballs Noodle Soup, Braised Pork Meatballs over Rice w Eggs, and the Yaso Pork Soup Dumplings; and we were very satisfied. I would say it could be a dollar or two cheaper, but it was worth it. I might prefer going to another place in Chinatown in Manhattan, but if I lived in Brooklyn, I'd be a regular.
I will try any place that has soup dumplings so had to stop by this place during a trip to NYC. I ordered the spicy pork soup dumplings (order of four) and one of the chicken rice bowls. The soup dumplings were great. The skin was a little too thick, but the soup + meat inside was good and spicy, so it didn't bother me too much. They were also really fresh and came out piping hot. The rice bowl had a great flavor and comes with a decent amount of chicken - just wish there were more vegetables in the bowl as well. Overall, good place for a quick lunch!
Good staple xiaolongbao in Brooklyn. The layout makes me think "chipotle for Shanghainese food": think wooden benches behind a metallic counter that serves in turn of order time. I love the transparent kitchen that allows you to watch the chefs folding and steaming the bao. I wasn't sure what to expect since it was my first time there but if I were to go again I would only order the XLB. I had ordered a variety of dishes and was honestly not as big a fan of the other items on the menu (noodles, pan fried buns etc). The noodles were kind of bland and he pan fried buns too doughy. That being said the xiaolongbao was juicy and delicious. I highly recommend if you decide to stop by.
My husband and I decided to venture out to this dumpling spot in the heart of Downtown Brooklyn to give it a try. We parked our car in SoHo and took the train here because of the difficulty finding parking. The restaurant was designed with a cafeteria feel with bench seating where you order at the cashier and then they call your number to pick up your food. The menu was on the wall with pictures of the food, which makes it more helpful/ somewhat easier to order. The self-service concept was different/ nice especially at a soup dumpling place and it was a cost effective price although it is slightly more than Chinatown and Flushing prices. There is a self-serve station for sauces, utensils, cups and water so it makes it more convenient for all their customers. We ordered the spicy pork soup dumplings (4 for $6), blue crab  pork soup dumplings (4 for $7) and pan fried pork baos (4 for $6). The food didn't take long to come out, maybe about 10 minutes or so. All the food tasted decent but it didn't wow me like other Shanghai spots that we ate at in our past food escapades. The spicy pork dumplings (w/ Old Bay seasoning) had a kick to them and I wasn't a fan of the pork baos, they were too thick/ doughy for my liking. We may eat here again whenever we come to this area to do some shopping.
The soup dumplings are pretty good and feels like they're slightly bigger in size. The only downside is they're a bit more pricey for only 4 pieces as opposed to the usually 6 or 8 pieces you can get at other shanghai restaurants in Chinatown. I've tried the noodle soup here also and they're a good portioned size. The drunken chicken here is deboned which makes it easier to eat.
We were surprised to find a Shanghainese soup dumpling spot in downtown Brooklyn.  Yaso Tongbao also left us utterly speechless when we walked in to discover its modern ambience, comprised of long wooden dining tables, cool lamp fixtures and a mixture of brick and wooden walls.  The concept is almost fast food-like; you walk in to the cashier, order and pay for your food, grab a seat and wait for your number to be called.We ordered the spicy pork soup dumplings, blue crab and pork soup dumplings, pan fried pork baos, spicy cabbage salad and wine chicken. They mistakenly gave us the cucumbers instead of the cabbage, but we ignored the error and quite enjoyed our pickled cucumbers.  The soup dumplings were shockingly tasty - thin dough, flavorful soup filling and a decent chunk of marinated meat.  The spicy pork one was prettttty spicy - so beware!  My only complaint is they only offered 4 dumplings per steamer ... and $5-$6+ for a tray is overpriced!  Besides that, the food was delicious. My favorite dish was probably the pan fried baos - crispy bottom with savory meat and thin dough.  I'd definitely return for more!
Cute add to the area and a nice change of pace from the bodegas and fast food abundant strip, and serving up Shanghai street food. There are 4 vegetarian options here: vegetarian steamed dumplings, fried rice, a noodle soup and entree N8. Crispy noodles with vegetables. I found the dumplings missing that burst of flavor and the dough a bit too heavy and overpowering the filling. The fried rice is tasty but has been salty on the last two occasions. N8 seems to be my dish since I'm a sucker for crispy noodles. The first time around ordering it, I found it too salty and drowning in sauce and losing all of that crispy noodle goodness. I did want to give it a second try, so I ordered it on my recent visit and asked them to separate the sauce from the noodles leaving me room to control the sauce to noodle ratio. It was so much better. I used less than half of the sauce and it makes for a dish true to the name, crispy!
Finding decent grub in the Fulton Mall area is a practical joke. I had a craving for dumplings and all roads led here. My intestines are growling in disappointment. I had a few other options in this neighborhood. The Mediterranean Grill or McDonalds. I decided to try something new and curiosity failed me. I decided on the Yaso pork soup dumplings and Wonton soup. Unlike Chinatown or flushing, the prices are geographically inflated. $1.00 each for a weak dumpling ? The Yaso soup dumplings were a disappointment. Very flat. I'm not sure where the pork was.... The positive was that these dumplings were made in front of me and took more than enough time for them to be so wack. The Vinegar paired nicely with them but they just didn't taste good. The soup was comparable to the dumpling being filled with water. Lackluster. The wontons in my soup broth were much tastier than the soup dumpling. There was a large crowd of American teens seated behind me that seemed to be enjoying their meal but their palettes have not matured as yet. Maybe this may be a preview of who their regular customers are. I'll be sure to visit the mall in flushing for some real flavor and more affordable prices.
While the food here is great and for a reasonable price. The table is not being kept clean and it has happened twice during my first visit and my current visit.
In a word: too expensive for the portion (non-noodle stuff) and food itself, although the taste was okay (but I won't call it "authentic").We had one or two from each genre: soup dumplings, pan fried baos, noodles, shao mai, savory soy milk, and hupi egg.1)) Compared to the Yaso pork soup dumplings, I prefer the spicy ones, although they were not spicy to me.   2)) Pan fried baos were okay but not as good as those in Flushing.   3)) Noodles were alright overall. There was good amount of vegetables in my veggie noodle soup and the portion was good, plus I did enjoy the garlic flavor in the soup, however, $9.35 is just too much for what I got. In Flushing or Chinatown, the same thing would only cost $6-$7 on average. My friend's Meatball noodle soup was even more unreasonably expensive. Almost $12 for a bowl of noodles just because there are 2 greasy meatballs?   4)) Hupi egg was tasty, but it's nothing more than a fried marinated (whole) egg.   5)) I do NOT recommend their savory soy milk. It tasted nothing but water with salt. No soy milk taste at all. Don't know why it's $1 more than the sweet version.Staff were friendly and helpful, but they need to adjust their pricing. It's Brooklyn, come on.P.S. Self-service dining style. They call up numbers and you go get your order. Clean up yourself after finished.
The XLBs here are the real deal my friends. Expensive, yes. But worth it. The skin is thin and light and the soup flavor is rich and umami-licious. The beef noodle soup here is also legit - one bite and the beef falls apart in your mouth. The chili wontons here are also on point -- the wrappers weren't too thick and the slight sweet and decently hot sauce on top were excellent. The shu-mai here is worth trying too if you like the Shanghai style shu mai: stuffed with sticky rice and bits of chinese sausage (unlike the more prevalent Canto style filled with pork). I was a bit disappointed by the wonton soup and the pan fried pork buns (sheng jiang mantou) -- unlike the ones you  might find in Flushing or Shanghai, the soup inside these were minuscule and weak. The wonton soup had 4 measly wontons - and they were too heavy on the wrapper. I thought the broth was nice and light, but some think it might be heavy on the MSG. As others have mentioned, the space is self-serve (which I like -- less fuss). But not sure why the prices are so high given the self-serve nature. Maybe it's the downtown Brooklyn real estate. I also found how everything is served in plastic or paper bowls/plates a bit strange and wasteful/unecofriendly. But maybe it saves time - no dishwashing needed and XLBs get pumped out faster.
Soup dumplings have the potential for being better, but the soup is lacking. Not as soupy as Joe's Shanghai or even other various Shanghainese restaurants in Manhattan.
Chinese fast casual self-service in an inconvenient downtown Brooklyn- a far stretch from mass transit.  With a good friend and fellow poet we trekked to downtown Brooklyn in hopes for Shanghaiese cuisine.  Our first impression was great dismay and utter disappointment to see a street panhandler quietly begging for money among Yaso Tangbao customers walking between tables which the staff did not confront the disturbed man to usher him out for a fast exit.  Orders are fulfilled by screaming out your order number stated on your sales receipt for self-pickup (no waiter service) on cheap flimsy  disposable utensils.  Seating appears wooden picnic tables with stools (no backing) and a restroom facility on the premise.  Water is free and available at the amenity/ condiment counter.Chicken Curry Crispy Noodle $8.75 - overflowing with heavy MSG and layers of grease, the noodles were excessively too crunchy and chicken was extremely pink in color for the appearance that it was undercooked.  When inquiring to the the cashier/server staff showing the color appearance of the chicken our response was a callous, dismissive attitude "that is the way we cook it" subsequently the female cashier/server turn her back and walked away dismissing concerning issue refusing to divulge a valid response.  We both fallen slightly ill from un-cooked chicken and the heavy MSG cooking lard induced.  As the evening grew onwards I became a victim of diarrhea but my homemade remedy was Camomile tea and Chinese Pu-erh tea (bou2 nei2) 普洱茶 to flush out the indigestion. Yaso Pork Soup Dumplings $4.99- Xiao long bao (siu2 lung4 baau1) 小籠包, a Shanghainese staple which is prepared with excellence and effort filled with generous broth steamed in minced pork and served in traditional Chinese bamboo basket.  These siu2 lung4 baau1 is a must-have during a Shanghaiese meal.Pork and Bok Choy Wonton Soup $6.95 - incorrectly overcharged as we order their daily special of Pork Siu Mai $4.95 but was billed for wonton soup.  We consumed pork siu mai- NOT wonton soup.  Our pork siu mai was NOT sweet or spicy as written on my sales receipt.
This place is going down bro both service and quantity. I used to love the place. Now they look like bunch of people know nothing about restaurant
This deserves more credit than what I gave it with my last review.  Since last a year, I've eaten a lot of dumplings and the soup dumplings (Y2 - crab and pork soup dumplings) were absolutely amazing. It is a casual place. Great option for lunch if you work in the hood. Yumminess!!!
I would never think to go to brooklyn heights for soup dumplings, but since I'm in the area for jury duty, I had to try it out because of its good reviews! This spot turned shanghai food into fast food which is pretty perfect.The regular pork soup dumplings were really good. It's $5 for 4 soup dumplings and while that doesn't compare well to chinatown prices, it's the perfect price and portion for 1 person. I also ordered the pork and bok choy wonton soup. It was light, but the broth was a little too salty for my taste. I wasn't that big of a fan. It was also $5 for a small portion, but once again- good for one.The bad part about this place is the service. The girl at the cash register today (Tuesday 4/11/2017 at around 12:45pm) looked super miserable like she hated life. She also took down my order wrong so I had to go back and pay a little extra and wait really long while she figured out how to work the computer to charge me for the right item. Not really an enjoyable experience.I wouldn't direct people to this place if they're wanting the best soup dumplings in NYC, but it is good if you work in the area and want something other than pizza or chinese takeout. It's an interesting gimmick with pretty good food.
Got the braised meatballs over rice with eggs. Great flavors, decent portion size, fair price. Left feeling satisfied and full. Dumpling looked nice as well but a bit expensive, so I opted to not get them.
Solid soup dumplings in a more cafeteria-style setting. Is it the best soup dumpling I've ever had? No. But it isn't far from it and it's definitely convenient and QUICK! It is a satisfying, good meal when I'm craving Shanghainese food and don't feel like trekking out to Chinatown (not that it's far but a girl's gonna be lazy sometimes). Close to Metrotech so it's close to my boyfriend's grad school classes, too.We've gotten the soup dumplings (pork and crab, all the way) a number of times and they're always good. Not greasy! I got the fried sticky rice last time cus I was starving and wanted something to eat with the dumplings without ordering another full-on dish. It was good and I really liked the texture. It's sticky rice, pressed into rectangular blocks and lightly fried, with a sauce on top that's like a not-spicy version of spicy mayo... maybe a play on Thousand Island dressing even. Weirdly, it works and I enjoyed it. We've also had a couple of the soups and those were great too. I like the decor and layout too. Def recommend!
The best quick food I've had in a long time. I would never call this fast food at all even though you do get your food just as quick as you would at McDonald's. The food is extra fresh and to die for. The service was quick and good. They are very friendly and provide a warm family environment. IWill be returning very soon...
The taste of the food was spot on. The pork buns are my favorite thing they make, part soup dumpling but with a more filling fried bread. Speaking of filling meals, or lack there of, I really like the soup dumplings but the cost for 4 measle dumplings is.....tragic. They really should throw in 6 dumplings for the $6-7 price tag. I also tried the sweet and sour ribs and although the taste was good, I don't like the messy cartilage pieces. The ribs that were on the solid one bone were great. I'd pass on them in the future.Although I want to go here all the time for my soup dumpling fix, providing only 4 will likely cause me to go across the mighty East River to get a proper quantity for the price. Bummer.
I don't think I ordered the right thing. I came in around 9pm and all dumplings were going to take 20 minutes so I got the salty soybean milk and wheat gluten salad. Both of these are really Chinese type dishes. The soybean milk was totally disappointing. The wheat gluten salad was good but could have used some hot oil.
I had heard about this place from a friend who said their XLB (soup dumplings) were really good. My friends and I were in Carroll Gardens and found ourselves really hungry, luckily I had bookmarked it when she had told me about it! The place is a medium sized restaurant, lots of places to sit. They have pictures on the wall as their menu. I ordered the soup dumplings (4 for $4.95), cold sesame noodles and beef noodle soup. My friend was right the soup dumplings are good. The broth tastes clean and has a tasty flavor. The cold sesame noodles were okay, the noodles were a little too hard  lacking in flavor. The beef noodle soup was surprisingly good especially since I was least excited about that one. The prices are pretty cheap.
Not a lot of shanghainese restaurants in Brooklyn so this a welcome addition. I have to say that the food is phenomenal and decently authentic. We got it delivered from Caviar, and everything tasted exceptional. Keep up the good work guys!
It's decent Chinese food. Chinese people are starting to catch on that decor matters at a restaurant, at this ' hip' exposed wood and brick interior, they are allow to charge $1.60 for white rice. Serving small dishes, noodle soups, easy for sharing and take-away. It is still fast food after all where they impatiently yell out order numbers across the restaurant. But with plenty of seating and bust your own tray when done, feel free to linger.Not a culinary break through, the hot  sour soup (酸辣湯) could use more ingredients. A reliable spot when you crave Chinese food in a setting where it isn't grimy florescent lighting with linoleum floors, much like the two asian places next doors.
A good addition to this area if you're craving some dumplings or other Asian bites. The interior was cute with cafeteria style seating with longs shared tables. The food came quickly, a little too quickly that it made me wonder if it was fresh or if they had it sitting in the back for some time. The soup dumplings were flavorful and the dipping sauce added a nice tang to it. The mapo tofu also had a nice flavor to it, and I love that they add an egg on top although they were over cooked and were tough to break apart. The tofu itself was silky and I expected the dish to be spicy, like a traditional mapo tofu, but there wasn't much of a spice at all which was disappointing. Also the rice was a bit hard even with the sauce over it so overall the dish was underwhelming. I would come back for some more dumplings, but that's probably it
The soup dumplings are authentic enough and quite tasty, albeit slightly over-priced.  If you are on the supermodel diet, then getting one order would be enough.   I also ordered the garlic cucumber salad, again over-priced.  However, the place appeared quite clean and service was speedy. I would probably come here again.  Definitely authentic Chinese food.
terrible  service. food wasnt that good for a 45 minute wait on some pork buns and shumai.... i would not recommend this place that value their time. when i went to question why my food was taking so long, an employee rudely tells me " we are making it now". that was one of the worst experiences i've had. okay food, long wait time, rude staff, no thanks. i will not be going back.
3.5 rounded down.Taste and execution were on point.  Service is friendly, but this is a "fast food" establishment.  It's loud at lunch time and we had to wait about 15 mins for our food, but everything came out made to order.  Prices could be lower.XLB (4 in an order) - skins didn't rip, soupy, tastyCrab XLB (4 in an order) - strong crab flavor (more than usual) - a bit taken back by this, but solid effortCold noodles - chewy (but maybe a tad too chew), flavorful sauceFried pork bao - greasy, chewy bao, filling could have had a bit more of a punchPumpkin cakes - like pumpkin mochi; great chew and flavorAll of this was $30+; money can get stretched a bit farther in Chinatown, but then again, it can be smelly, crowded, and dirty on Canal Street.We will be back if in the area and need a fix!
Mmm soup dumplings. The dumplings were delicious and I liked that they gave you the appropriate utensils to eat them. They are a fun treat!Otherwise, I got the breaded chicken soup. It's definitely heavy, but the broth is top notch. I recommend. Service isn't the friendliest, but they are relatively quick. Great place to try in an area that is hotel/conference heavy and doesn't have the most exciting options. Solid 4 stars!
Great casual spot for good soup dumplings and other snacks.  The place has 0 ambiance, which is too bad--the same menu in a nicer spot could be a great date restaurant.  Unfortunately, with it's fountain soda, lack of waiter service, and fast food feel, this is a lunch spot or quick casual meal only.  That said, I love the soup dumplings and ribs.  One request would be to get 6 soup dumplings instead of 4 with the order.  For 2 people, you are going to end up wanting 2 orders because 2 isn't enough (that said 4 is a bit too much).
Fast counter-served Shanghainese food  Soup dumplings = thank you for coming to Downtown Brooklyn, the hood needed you. When I saw this place while I was in the area, it honestly looked like a 25 year old at a high school dance... "what are you doing here???" - with the other places in the area this one looks much more presentable. I had the vegetable crispy noodle with a side of crispy chicken fillet because there is no way in hell I could ever be a vegetarian. Both were delicious but the prices are a little over the moon. And though pricey, it's nice to dine in as you are opting for a clean, welcoming, and cozy setting.
The soup dumplings and similar (shengjian bao) are very good in an underserved part of town. Many of the other items are almost shockingly bad: kaofu way too sweet, cucumber salad that had clearly been sitting around for a long time, cheese soup dumplings (okay, an obvious risk, maybe I have only myself to blame) nightmareish. Not cheap either.4 stars for soup dumplings, 1 star for everything else.
Their soup dumpling is tasty, however, not very authentic imo. Their soy milk is not so good though. It seems that their food is like a fusion of shanghai cuisine and a little bit japanese.
The majority of favorable reviews here inspired and prompted me to check out this place sooner than later.Just as many of the reviews suggested, this place is trying (and succeeding)  to appeal to a certain crowd. Once the word spreads, it becomes a huge deal but popular doesn't always mean quality or better than some other establishments.Frankly, my experience was just okay.  When I arrived, it was prime lunch time and the line was nearly out the door. The good part was that it went by very quickly albeit a bit chaotic.There were very few available seats/tables but I managed to grab one since I was alone.Essentially, you order at the counter, get a number and seat yourself--self service.They seemed to have an extensive menu--lots of soup and dumplings. Even though I enjoy soup, it was way too hot to try it.I ordered the pork soup dumplings--that's it--as I was in a semi-rush. The cashier emphasized about 3 times that it would take 20 minutes to be ready. And 3 times, I assured her it was fine so I am not sure what the purpose of her comments  were considering that the dumplings were ready in less than 10 minutes!!!I sometimes wonder if going to a restaurant once or for the first time or ordering one/few items from the menu can result in a true review. I've given it some thought and the answer is yes! because great restaurants are usually very consistent and even a delicious appetizer should represent what  the rest of the menu has to offer.Anyway, when my order was ready, I was expecting to eat the best soup dumplings ever but for me, they weren't. I have had better elsewhere. The broth was extremely salty (I  don't use soy sauce) and the skin was slightly thicker than I hoped.They were of course edible and good enough and I might return again to try other items on the menu.With the hype that is being generated about this place along with the long lines/crowds that result, I'm just as happy, if not happier going to Mott Street in Chinatown and finding a truly authentic place to indulge in dumplings, soup, dim sum and the like.
Such potential... but such disappointment.my friend and i got there at 11am on saturday, right when they opened.food:- soup dumplings: both pork and the pork/crab ones were good. good flavors BUT... the soup inside was barely warm. Usually, i have to be super careful not to burn my tongue from eating soup dumplings too quickly, but this time it was just warm... ugh.  it let me eat it quicker/easier but took away flavor and experience. moreover, we were there at opening time, so they should have their freshest products!-sweet and sour ribs: this wwas really good. sauce was great. .meat on the ribs was tender and juicy. realllly good. -mapo tofu over rice: flavor-wise this was really good. but once again the tofu was mildly warm (but the rice was very hot)I don't know why their foods were so lukewarm. My guess is that the food isn't fresh and they just heated up something premade from last night which would be terrible... i'm hoping this isn't the issue. their prices are also pretty high for shanghainese food. For the amount of food I ate, i paid a little too much. probably because they are in brooklyn.Overall.... if they had cheaper prices and actually fresh food, this place would be great! there was a lot of good flavors and potential, but this visit for me was so disappointing.
If you're looking to bite into a soft delicious XLB overflowing with soup you've come to the right place. My boyfriend and I came here on a rainy day looking for warm comfort food. We ordered two orders of the regular XLB, mapo tofu with rice and the N1 beef noodles. I also bought a ginger ale blood orange x Meyer lemon. I thoroughly enjoyed every single dish but my absolute favorite were the XLB. Ever since I learned how to take the subway on my own I would take the train to chinatown and eat XLB there, however after trying Yaso's I'm definitely hooked onto this place! My first bite into the soup dumpling released piping hot soup that was perfectly flavored, and abundant. Another thing to note is their custom vinegar, which wasn't as sour as other places but I love it because the workers made me ginger slices and I made my own vinegar ginger sauce! Finally, the mapo tofu can be improved with more mapo tofu sauce and the beef noodles was a tad expensive ($12.58). Overall, I will come back because the atmosphere was warm and welcoming, had plenty of seating, and workers were friendly (and bilingual!).
Slow service, over priced food, no fork or spoon for take out, no napkins, rude staff.
A little pricier than Manhattan Chinatown but definitely still tasty if you're in the area. We ordered 2 orders of the pork soup dumplings, 2 orders spicy and 1 order crab and between 2 people, we devoured 18 dumplings. We also ordered chinese broccoli/the vegetable changes depending on what they have and that was standard. Service is quick and for lunchtime on a Saturday, there was almost no line or wait for food (~10 minutes) though the restaurant was decently filled.
Being on a poor student's budget in Manhattan, I'm not exactly surprised I had to come to Brooklyn to find affordable, but more importantly, delicious AUTHENTIC Shanghainese food. I decided to give the relatively new restaurant a go since I really wanted that home cooked feeling that I just don't have time for myself. Their xlb are excellent, with the soup just oozing out after you take the first bite. Not the best I've ever had since the skin could be a little thinner, but sooo good. The black vinegar and ginger came on the side, which was great for me since they were willing to give me extra, while the tourists next to me didn't even brave tasting it!I also tried the Braised Pork Meatballs w/ Egg over Rice. It sounds so weird to translate to English... (There's certain dishes in every culture that have nicknames that just don't make sense in any other language) My biggest gripe was that there was too much rice and lacked a yellow pickle, but the flavor of the Meatballs were so spot on! It was also quite large. Since everything in the bowl came in twos, I really feel like this could be a shared dish.Even though I ate in, there were only cardboard spoons and takeaway chopsticks, which I felt added to the authenticity of the meal. I can understand how other people don't like it, but it feels like home.
My boyfriend and I stopped in here today craving late lunch on Christmas and in true tradition the one Asian spot in our walk, this Shanghai food restaurant was open. I had the N5 spicy pork noodle soup and my boyfriend had the N4 chicken noodle. Both came out piping hot in minutes. We loved them both with preference going to the pork noodle. A word to the wise the spicy pork soup is delicious but very much Asian spicy not American "spicy". I could see this spot becoming a cold weather favorite for my boyfriend and I. The clientele today I think really was primarily Jewish so I can't really speak to what the crowd normally is but we really enjoyed the casual vibe and delicious food here.We will be back.
For pointers, this place is self serve. You go up to order and then find a place to sit and grab your own utensils. They'll call your number when your order is ready. Not a sit down and order kind of place. We ordered and bunch of things from the menu: pork/crab soup dumplings, pan friend baos, braised beef noodle soup, minced pork noodle soup, beef shoo mais, mapo tofu, and pigs feet. Food here was just okay. It felt like we were eating at the food court in flushing. Better soup dumplings can be found elsewhere. Nothing here was spectacular. All average. We walked out saying we could've just gone to our usual chinatown or flushing soup dumpling restaurant.
Their dumplings are really good! The food is a little pricey but other than that this place is good.
Soup dumplings fall into two camps for me - sweet or salty. These unfortunately were sweet and not what i'm used to / like. we had two of the bowl - mapo tofu  the meatball. The egg was solid, as in cardboard. Felt like it was cooked very early into the day and left to warm up when a customer ordered a bowl. For the price, would've expected them to cook the egg to order. with no other chinese spot around the area, this place is a needed refreshing meal. but, travel a bit further and you get much better food for better pricing.
The neighborhood is changing for the better.  This newly opened little gem just opened up and it's definitely a breath of fresh air.  This is a definite Chinatown style restaurant with more authentic food than you would get at the majority of places around town.  An added bonus for it being in downtown Brooklyn which has a bunch of Americanized places.You can get real soup dumplings here.  And I especially liked that they weren't completely loaded (i.e. no burning hot soup all over the place after biting)I also tried their veggies over pan fried noodles.  Also amazing.  This will be my go to place during the cold winter months since it's close to where I work.
Yasssss! Finally a place in downtown Brooklyn that has real Chinese food. Soup dumplings- made fresh, onsite, to order. Skin is thin and delicious. Filling is perfect. As good as anything you can find in Chinatown and Flushing. Beef noodle soup is ok, but it's a really hard dish to get right anywhere. The soup had the right flavors, but was a bit watered down. The meat in it was well seasoned.That's all I tried, but I'll be back for sure. Really excited about this place!
Nicely done Blue Crab and Pork dumplings, very tiny though, notice I didnt say small but "tiny"... so I then ordered Pork Shu Mai (sticky rice), I didnt read the sticky rice part, was truly not my cup of tea,  mushy and undetectable pork.... Larger portion than the dumplings though, go figure....also ordered the Sweet and Sour Pork Ribs since of course I was still starving from the tiny soup dumplings...my order myseriously disappeared....I will stick to Chinatown  for my dumplings!!
The pork and crab dumplings came out later than the rest of our meal.  The dumplings were a good size, but we had filled up on our dishes first.  all in all a good lunch spot.
Best in the town Shanghainess food with signature xiaolongbao. The noodles and rice dishes are also tasty. You definitely get your value in the food.Restaurant is also spacious and food is prepared fast and fresh. Many Subway lines lead you directly to the restaurant.Strongly recommended!
Great tang tangbao. Worth the wait the veggie dumplings were very good. Soup dumplings and veggie dumplings togeather made for the perfect lunch. Take note though lines out the door.
Great new Shanghainese restaurant with excellent soup dumplings. They are every bit as good as those at Joe Shanghai (where the chef is from) but without the wait for a table. I also really enjoyed the hot and sour soup. I didn't have one but my friends really liked the drink selection.It's a nice, sleek interior and there is plenty of seating. Highly recommend.
A resounding fair and unobjectionable.  Not bad, just not as good as it could be.  The maps pork tofu was bland, as were the other dishes my companions tried. But casual environment and good service.
Very good restaurant! Been there for the first time today, really enjoyed the vegetable soup with noodles, crab dumplings and cury noodles.Well decorated, clean, very good vibe .Highly recommended!
Been a couple of times now. First time was fine, nothing earth shattering. Second time today at 6pm, with not very many people there. Somehow it took them 20 minutes to serve up soup dumplings and some ribs that were pre cooked. Not sure I'd come back if hungry again. Kitchen seemed disorganized and orders were being screwed up left and right. I'll head to Chinatown for my next soup dumpling fix. Quite disappointed. Street food should not take 20 minutes to serve unless you're slammed at lunch.
Overpriced Shanghainese food at its best. Crab pork xiao long baosFlushing - $6.95 for 6-8Yaso - $6.75 for 4Braised beef soup noodlesFlushing - $5.95Yaso - $11.50Bottom line... It's pricey but the food is decent. The soup dumplings are freshly made and they do taste good. Not a bad place to eat given the limited options in the area.
Vegetarian review~I've had this bookmarked for centuries and decided that tonight was the night to try it! Everything on the menu looked quite delicious, so I was excited. I ordered the You Tiao(fried dough), Sticky Rice sticks, and the Garden Vegetable over Rice. The You Tiao was something I was especially looking forward to. Why? Because carbs. However, it was too crunchy and greasy for my liking. As it states, it is literally fried dough, no sweetness or savory was for it. On the other hand, The Sticky Rice Sticks were pretty tasty: think of mini sticky rice bars with a sweet/savory glaze onto of it. It was a bit oily, but good. My favorite thing was the entree: the garden vegetable over rice. It was refreshing: the vegetables were fresh and complemented each other well in the dish. I'm not big on mushrooms, but i didn't mind them so much in the dish. I loved this because it had a steamed taste, and it wasn't greasy or oily. Also, very filling. The rice had a savory sauce that was really delicious. The egg on top hit the spot! I would come back for the garden vegetable and would love to try other vegetarian things on this menu, like the soy milk soup and vegetable dumplings! Also, the cashier serving me was really nice!
Vibe: cozyDecor/seating: mostly picnic style bench seatingHave been looking for good soup dumplings around the neighborhood after moving here a few months back, and was pleasantly surprised by this place! Loved the soup dumplings.Also ordered the braised beef noodles, which were decent but not as great as the dumplings.Lived in Asia for a while and now I've found my new favorite spot in the neighborhood! Reminds me of home.
Soup dumplings in a clean, modern looking fast food place is a nice change. The food is good, not overly expensive. I gobbled down a few pan fried pork buns which were really good and my hubby had the spicy pork soup. it all hit the spot and we watched the goings on of the street from our seats. I would go again and again.
Soup dumplings in Downtown Brooklyn. Close to where I live! They're quite flavorful and have appropriately thin skins. They're more expensive than in the Chinatowns, but that's what you get for being in this neighborhood.The khao fu--gluten with mushrooms, peanuts, etc., was really good and unobtainable in any place around here. We've also had the braised beef noodle soup--great flavor and beef, but the noodles are a little character-less. I've been waiting for a REAL Chinese  (of any region) restaurant to show up in this area, and my patience has been rewarded.You order at the counter and sit at the bench/table things they've got going on. A perfunctory selection of cold drinks and I haven't even noticed if there's tea.
Yumi Yumi！Healthy Shanghai style food. Pretty decent. I can eat it every day. Very good soy milk and meat ball. : )
The rice dish with chicken is ok but still pricey. You can get a pack of 4 buns at Trader Joe's for $3.50 and it tastes pretty much the same.  Lol.
Going  out to Barclays wanted something different. Came across this restaurant. Service was great easy to order menu so you know what you are ordering if you are not familiar. Ordered to go ,smelled so good couldn't wait are it in the car. Meatballs were great moist flavorful. Sticky rice dumplings unbelievably good. Unfortunately only bad thing was trying to find parking space. Besides that ...GO NOW!!!!
My husband and I had been eagerly awaiting the opening of this place and were not disappointed! I often miss the simple street foods of China which I've been lucky enough to experience in my travels for work. This place brought me right back there. The soup dumplings were wonderful as was the mapo tofu over rice, wine chicken and garlic cucumbers. These are definitely authentic dishes and many Americans will likely be put off by the texture of the steamed "wine chicken", served chilled but for anyone who knows what to expect, it's a very solid dish and is delicious!The menu is temporary for their soft opening and I'm greatly looking forward to their more extensive menu, especially in the soup dumpling category!t
this is a great place with really good authentic Shanghai cuisine - reminds me of the food I had when I was in Asia. -  great depth of flavors - also some unique combos like spring rolls with chicken and sauerkraut - You wouldn't think it but tasted great!.Sweet and sour pork ribs are also not to be missedThe soup dumplings were good, but not as great as Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown
After walking by this multiple times hoping for it to open (there's a severe lack of good Asian food in our immediate area, and definitely no xiao long bao within a 3 mile radius), we finally got to try it!We arrived a little after 7pm on a Monday night, and all the tables were full. We ordered the xiao long bao (soup dumplings), pork potstickers, the fried chicken fillet noodle soup and the pork mapo doufu. The cashiers were very friendly, and were taking orders on iPads - I really appreciate when establishments use modern technology. Service was quick, we barely had time to check out the very visible soup dumpling prep station of the kitchen and sit down, and they were calling our order number.Now for the food - being huge xiao long bao aficionados, we were impressed with Yaso Tangbao's version - very savory, fresh, and the wrapper wasn't too thick. We polished that off really quickly, and are thrilled that we don't need to make the trek to Chinatown anymore to get our fix! The pork mapo doufu with the two fried eggs on top was delicious and our next favorite. The fried chicken fillet noodle soup was a little weird but good. Unfortunately, we greatly disliked the pork potstickers - we could barely taste the pork, it tasted just like sticky rice. The xiao long bao and mapo doufu more than made up for it though!Overall, we are very impressed with the service, food, cleanliness, and will definitely be back. So happy to have this in our neighborhood!
Nice noodle shop in the cut in downtown Brooklyn. The fried chicken noodle bowl (weird at first but so yummy) and the soy garlic fried rice..... Sometimes the place looks empty, but as you wait for your order, the crowd starts to arrive in spurts. Average sized place, but the seating fills up pretty fast. The food is very good and worth the wait, if you have to wait for a seat.  My suggestion to the chef: you should add a chicken dumpling or two to the menu, rather than the 5-7 pork dumplings and the lonely veggie one.
Comparable prices to Chinatown, definitely fills the hole of authentic chinese food in the area! Xiaolong bao are great, juicy, though just a little bit more skin at the top than I'm used to. Garlic cucumbers are nice, salty, and vinegary, (almost) just as good as the ones my shanghainese dad made at home!Update: just added the sweet and sour pork ribs and a bowl of rice to my lunch, ribs are great! Rice is, well, good ol' rice.
Tasty/fresh Chinese food. Spicy pork Soup dumplings and pork buns were on point. 4 stars
While this place does not rise to the level of Shanghai Cafe (100 Mott Street in Manhattan) I must say the buns were ethereally light and filled with lovely broth. Sadly, only 4 buns to a basket (much more expensive than SC) and the fillings for all three flavors were strangely sweet. Also the baskets have no bottom, so soup splattered all over the table and onto our legs. :( Definitely a good last resort if you're in BK and need a bao fix, but not one for the ages, dumpling-wise.
The food was mediocre, the skin was too thick and the soup from the dumpling was average
This place is the changing face of downtown Brooklyn and it is awesome. It's amazing that they decided open an independent authenticish Chinese fast food place in this neighborhood. Formerly dominated by really cheap American fast food chains and crappy pizza places, there was very little worth eating.I would say this place is similar to the Chipotle knockoffs in that it provides a fast casual dining experience with reasonable prices in a really pleasant atmosphere to sit down.Yet it is not like any of those because it is truly authentic and doesn't try to copy a build it yourself style. It's actually completely one-of-a-kind in focusing on dumplings and noodles in the Shanghai style. You can see through the window where they hand make the dumplings fresh. Some people have complained about its authenticity, but at least to this westerner, it has none of the trappings of American Chinese and it looks as authentic as what I actually ate visiting China.It's as good as any place in Chinatown or Flushing, that means it's better than any Brooklyn Chinese restaurant outside of Sunset Park. Ironically I couldn't even really find anything this good in Shanghai. My only complaint, and truthfully one of the reasons I had trouble finding dumplings in Shanghai, is that I am a vegetarian, and their selection is limited. I love the dumplings but I tried the vegetable noodle dish they had and wasn't so much a fan. I wish they'd make some of those soups they have vegetarian.Nevertheless, for a snack, quick lunch or even a casual dinner this place can't be beat. Wherever they open they will be successful and I would buy the stock.
I've been here a couple of times and the food quality is pretty consistent. The noodles are good and perfect to have on a rainy day. However, the soup dumplings are just ok. Price- and portion-wise, it's more expensive compared to Chinatown, but it's the best around the area.This place is my go to restaurant if I'm craving hand-pulled noodles and am too lazy to go to Manhattan or Flushing.
3.5 stars. A little pricy for soup dumplings, but the spicy soup dumplings were GREAT! Thin skins, great flavor. The regular pork soup dumplings are clean and tasty but not as flavorful as Joe's or the spots in Flushing. Definitely spring for the spicy. The garlic fried greens: really great -- not overcooked, simple -- and a nice serving size. The fried bao were ok.Could be improved in two significant ways:- The disposable spoons, while I appreciate that they seem to be biodegradable, are completely not up to the task of eating soup dumplings out of. They don't even really have rims; they are more like cardboard paddles. Please get reusable, regular spoons.- Chili oil: $1.00????? Give me a break! That hurt my feelings. Sriracha is a travesty for anyone who wants a little kick with their bao or regular soup dumplings.Will probably be back for the spicy soup dumplings and to split one of the enormous entrees with someone.
Best Shanghainese food in town.Soup dumplings - aka xiaolongbao is the signature dish, freshly made behind glass window you can see how they are made from scratch, Juicy and tasty.As for the ambiance, its both traditional and trendy - a mixture of old Shanghai posters in the 30s and Sia singing chandelier. Their spicy soup dumplings are also a novelty.Will go there again and try other stuff, like sweet and sour pork ribs. Yum!
If you're in Brooklyn and you can't get to Chinatown (because the F train is down) this is the next best spot for soup dumplings. Pork Soup Dumpling is better than Spicy Pork Soup Dumpling, fo sho.
This has become a regular since we moved into the neighborhood a couple weeks ago. The food has always been good and tasty and quick which is awesome. It's also not expensive for the quality which I definitely like. The only thing is that service is not awesome and if you order online, be ready for it to be a couple minutes late.
It's really exciting to find a place to eat my hometown 's food. Really traditional Chinese Tangbao and every taste is delicious. Strongly recommend!
Yaso Tangbao is fun and trendy Shanghainese spot. The pork soup dumplings and fried pork baos are homemade, fresh, juicy and flavorful. Although it's an order-at-the counter restaurant, the presentation of the food is nice despite the fast-food concept. The size of the buns and pork dumplings is definitely filling. If you're wanting to stay in Brooklyn, this place is a good alternative to Chinatown.
Fresh, authentic and flavorful - love the veggie noodle soup, veggie with crispy noodles, cucumber side and mushroom/tofu side. All they need to do is add sour plum juice as a drink!
Excellent food service was fastThe garden vegetable soup was amazing Soup pork dumpling was so good that my kids wanted an addition 2 orders
The food is decent but not amazing. If you're craving Xiao long bao it'll still satisfy your craving though. I tried the crab soup dumplings, sticky rice shumai and drunken chicken. I think out of everything my favorite was the sticky rice shumai.
Came here the month it opened. Quite gimmicky and the flavors were pretty bland. The place seems to try to be hip and young, but ultimately, the food is subpar and there really isn't anything new or exciting about average soup dumplings.
After perusing yelp pictures and reviews, i dragged 3 hungry pals here to sample their dumplings and buns. the star of the meal was the soup dumpling (among a sea of buns, pork ribs, garlic noodles, veg dumplings). if I could do it again, i'd stick to those. great option for lunch in the area- quick service, and very chipotle-esque space.
This place is pretty good. Their menu is straight forward, and you can dine in or take out. The food was fresh and warm, even after we walked home. My only complaint was several people ordering after us but getting their food before us.
I got two kinds of soup dumplings, regular and crab meat. They are both tasty and juicy. I didn't find any ginger to add to the dipping sauce.
Delicious dumpling and a homey atmosphere made for a great experience. I decided to head there since it was close to my hotel and I found delicious dumplings at a price much more reasonable than I was expecting.
There are not many good places for dim sum in downtown Brooklyn, and this is a decent choice. A bit on the expensive side (compared to Sunset Park or Chinatown) but not terrible. Portions were good sized. The coconut pumpkin pancakes, and blue crab soup dumplings were hits, but the curry chicken over rice and Pork Mapo Doufu over rice were misses, as was the pork buns. Overall, food was on the greasy side and counter service was a bit slow (you pick up your meal when your number is called). Not sure I would return unless really wanting a dumpling fix.
For the longest time, I never got the appeal of XLB. I couldn't see how they were that different from regular dumplings because they were never soupy, and the skins were always kind of thick.Turns out I'd just never had good ones before. Then I went to Yaso Tangbao on a whim when I was running errands around Fulton one day. NOW I get XLB. I just hadn't had good ones! With delicate skins and plenty of soupy goodness (see: my shirt), this is what the big deal is all about. I ordered the tonkatsu soup as well, and it was fine, but the star were the XLB and that's what I'd go back for.
Great place and I'm so happy that more cool restaurants are coming to this area. I love Shanghainese food but don't eat pork which eliminates most soup dumpling places for me. Luckily Yaso Tangbao is looking out for us vegetarians. There were plenty of menu options for me and I opted for the garden vegetable crispy noodle which came with this delicious empty dumpling thing. The fried sticky rice was also great. I loved how clean and welcoming the space is. You can see them making the soup dumplings behind a glass wall. Wish they served beer to go along with the meal. Will be back for more.
If you have 20 extra minutes, take the subway and visit Chinatown instead as it's cheaper and there are bigger portions.  Otherwise this place is pretty solid for some Shanghai cuisine.  Recommend take out as tables weren't cleaned very often.
The restaurant just open not long ago And the food are very good and tasty. The environment are clean. I think I will go to try it , again.
Good price and amazing food. The chicken broth that accompanied the pork noodle soup had some much depth in flavor, and my kids really loved the dumplings and pork buns.
This review is not for the dumplings but for the braised beef noodle soup (menu item N1). Very disappointing. For $11.50 (over $12.50 when tax is included), I got a bowl of mostly noodles, only a few pieces of beef and yu choy, and a weak, salty broth. You can get larger portions, richer flavors and cheaper prices in Brooklyn or Manhattan Chinatown, which is where I'm sticking for this kind of soup. One possible mitigating factor was that I stopped in about half an hour before closing, but even so, I'm not going to try the soup here again.Open to coming back to try the dumplings and other dishes, though. We'll see.
Not the most authentic, but definitely one of the best around the neighbor hood.The beat noodle was ok, but the volume did not reflect the price.The pork dumplings were really juicy, but was not hot enough and not as tasteful as I expected.Overall, super quick and convenient, and definitely gonna be on my dinner or lunch menu more often.But it is definitely overpriced compare to the places around.
I absolutely enjoy the soup dumplings at Yaso Tangbao.  I usually grab a quick meal when in the Metrotech district and/or after my evening classes.
So the first time I came here, my first initial thoughts were probably another overpriced place in downtown Brooklyn. The noodles were okay and the soup dumplings were fresh and good but it's not that great tbh. You can probably take the train across the bridge into Chinatown and have better soup dumplings without spending so much money. Service was okay but it takes forever for them to make the food so you'll probably have to wait a while.
i would definitely head back to this place! they're very friendly here and the food is very delicious! and of course, their soup dumplings are the besttttttt!!!
This place has amazing soup dumplings BUT the sauce situation has recently changed for the worse. They used to provide little containers of the soy sauce vinegar mixture with slivers of ginger, but they have changed and now have a large vat of sauce and the ginger slices are too big and the sauce is watered down. Please change back!
The pan fired Baos are close to those in SH. But the prices are too high for "street foods".
Very much enjoyed both the food and service here on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch. Met up with Hubby and 1 year old and snagged one half of a communal table to share our treats. We had the sticky rice, the spicy diced pork noodle soup, and the tomato soup. Everything was cooked perfectly and the workers were super nice to our kid. Would come back to try more of their dishes in the future!
I was really excited to find good mapo tofu in the neighborhood.  Also the dumplings, of course.  Four stars instead of 5 is that I wish I could just order a big container of mapo and not a serving of 1/3 mapo + 2/3 rice but I guess that's not the way they do things here... Still, great quality food.  Make sure to specify if you want it actually spicy.
Great food, slightly expensive for what it is. Definitely get 2 orders of soup dumplings. The noodle bowls are also great.
First time visit. This was not bad but also not great. Nothing special about the xlb or beef noodle soup with better and cheaper alternatives in Manhattan.XLB was soupy. Crab and pork was ok. The dough was plain. Ginger in the sauce was fresh although there were only two strands. Order comes with four.Beef noodle soup was quite disappointing. For $12, the portion was small, beef was overcooked, noodles undercooked. The vegetables were good although only a stalk of bok choy and I think was napa. Pickled veggies was good. Soup was good but didn't taste like normal beef noodle soup. You can get way better ramen noodles for around the same price.I would give the place another try if the opportunity came up but I've only started exploring Brooklyn so very unlikely. Next time if like to try the mapo tofu.Place is super clean. Service was ok.
It was good, very fast, hot, and yummy. The only thing I disliked that it was cold, everytime the door opened, cold wind would make us shiver. Not their fault, though ;)
Expensive but solid chinese fried buns and sticky ribs. I wanted to give this place four stars, but I found the beef noodle soup to be underwhelming and a little flavorless. I'll have to return to try the dumplings! Otherwise generally good and quick service.
Eh.I got the mapo tofu over rice which is tofu stir fried with  minced beef. Didn't find anything too special about it, I felt it was too salty and didn't have as much flavor as I would have liked. I will try the soup dumplings the next time I come here,so I'll update this review once I do
I have been to most soup dumpling places in NYC. This is one of the least authentic place. Portions are small and overpriced. 4 dumplings for $6? That's 50% more than the price in flushing. Not sure if it was just the day I went, but the cashier was very rude. It's all advertisement that attracts people here.
Ordered delivery on Xmas Eve. Was nervous that the soup dumplings wouldn't travel. They did! And they were GREAT!
I feel this place is literally a rip off. Despite the soup dumpling the rest of the dish are so bad.i ordered dumpling, spicy pork noodle and fried chicken. It cost me 20 bucks and ruin my day.The spicy pork noodle is literally salt water plus plain pork..it's not even braised.. Jesus...I would not recommend this place.. Piece of trash...
Ah man where's the soup in the soup dumpling?...back to Chinatown. Gave Brooklyn a chance Service was great though. So I have to add in all fairness that you have to take into consideration the fact that the dumpling absorbs the soup so eating right away is best
I ordered delivery through Caviar from this place totally on a whim last weekend and I must say, this place completely hit the spot especially when hungover.  I ordered the meatball noodle soup, tomato soup and hot and sour soup (I was having a major soup craving).  The meatball noodle soup was amazing - broth was super tasty and not too salty and the meatballs were super tender and delicious; both also came in separate compartments to prevent sogginess.  The hot and sour soup was decent although I wouldn't way it was mind blowing. The tomato was delicious too, not your average tomato soup as it had potatoes and carrots in there which gave it a slight sweet taste to it.  The delivery took about an hour or so as promised on the app which wasn't bad, and the delivery man was super nice and handled the package with care.  Highly recommended, in fact I just ordered it again 20 mins ago and can't wait to indulge again.
delicious soup dumplings! perfectly juicy and flavorsome. I've tried some of the other stuff and they're alright (except for the duck soup, which was pretty good)
I don't live in the area, but I came here to eat lunch and was pleasantly surprised.  We ordered the pork soup dumplings, wonton soup, pork shao mai (not to be confused with shumai - this is more like a sticky rice dumpling with soy-marinated pork inside), and the garden vegetable crispy noodle.  Prices are reasonable here, not as cheap as Chinatown but not expensive either.  You order at the register and wait for your food - they have a soy sauce dispenser, hot sauces and utensils near the drinks.  The decor is modern and clean, I would come here again without having to make the trip to Chinatown!
Honestly, it's not the greatest spot for Shanghai food. It's not as cheap as more legit places and the front of house is run by high school kids, the old people there are more for decoration. But you know what?...it's alright. It's chain style fast food and that's totally ok. The flavors itch the spot. It's accessible and affordable. There's lots of variety. It's fun. As a whole, I find the place has a lot of value. Just think if every city or town had a place like this, people wouldn't have to wait to go to Ny or Sf or China etc to get an a nice little taste of Shanghai. I grew up in a small town and my folks long for this food. I live in ny for years and I subconsciously take it all for granted now. You can get behind that right?, that's why I give this place 5 stars.
Was in the area for work and decided to stop by this spot for a little lunch.  I'm not mad with my decision.Cool space with big communal tables and hip modern decor.  I asked the young lady at the counter for some advice on what to order and she covered a good portion of the menu without being overly wordy.I went with the fried dumplings and sticky pork ribs.  The dumplings were tasty: great contrast of textures and a rich flavor that wasn't overbearing.  The ribs took a little while to arrive, so they gave me a couple extra ribs.  I wasn't expecting them to do something like that, so a pleasant suprise.  The ribs were good, but not the greatest I've ever had.Overall a good lunch experience, if not life-changing. I would come back if I was in the area and craving some dump-dumps.
Yaso Tangbao will satisfy a soup bun craving - they're nice here - but for the $$ it's a rip-off.Mapo Tofu was just OK, lacking fire and flavor.
This is my third time at this restaurant. The food tastes authentic though portions were small and prices were overpriced considering it was fast food style self serve.  Today was the worst,  I ordered vegetarian dumplings and crispy noodles with garden vegetables. The vegetarian dumplings were good -  fresh and piping hot.  However, the crispy noodles were not pan fried as advertised. (In Chinese the menu for this item said pan fried - which means crispy on both sides, a standard dish.)  Instead of crispy noodles they served boiled noodles smothered in a starchy gray sauce, which is unacceptable.  Hey Yaso, if you are reading these reviews please take notice.SincerelyBarbara
Very clean and tasty Chinese food! It comes very fast even in lunch time. Only one thing... Their spoon is just so tiny and it was hard to eat. Can you change to the regular plastic spoon?!
Great new addition to the Jay St/Metrotech area. Great garlic noodles w spicy pork. Also love the curry chicken noodles. It's decently priced (for the area), quick and you def leave satisfied.
One of the best soup dumplings in NYCRecommended items: blue crab XLB and the spicy XLB
Quick, tasty, neat and clean. Long communal tables, yet comfortable neighborhood spot. Worth a try, as you exit Jay-Metrotech. Buns, noodles, rice, meat or vegetarian. All good.
This place opened up not too long ago and since the soft opening, they've made a number of adjustments from different take-out utensils to new menu dishes. The place does have higher prices, which can be understandable given the area and that it is primarily for lunch. But in general, I think they still have more work to do.I ordered soup dumplings for take out, and after waiting 15 minutes (assuming they were being freshly made), they unfortunately turned out to be lukewarm and not hot, as expected (I work 5 mins from there). They're also a bit too liberal with their salt in their noodle dishes. It's a great additional lunch option in downtown BK but given the higher prices, I hope it will continue to improve.
Super authentic, tasty Shanghainese food! I highly recommend the spicy soup dumplings, the short ribs, and the pan fried pork buns. Can't wait for them to open more locations!
Finally! A place to get legit Chinese food without getting on a train. Not to mention the fact that soup dumplings are involved!My husband and I ordered 2 trays of crab/pork soup dumplings, fried pork buns, and the mapo tofu with egg over rice. All of them taste exactly how they should and comparable to what you could get in Chinatown! Soup dumplings are juicy and the skin is perfect. Mapo tofu is great but could benefit from having a runny egg vs. a fried egg wth hard yolk. The place itself is super clean and modern, can accommodate big groups, and the staff is young and friendly. There's even an all you can drink soda dispenser, which is sort of my weakness in life.The only drawback is that all dishes are 1.5 times the price of what they really should be (or I am accustom to paying for this type of food). Regardless, I'll be back!
Probably best soup dumpling place I've had in NYC so far; only con is a bit pricey compared to other shanghai eats.
Here is the complete guide to this restaurant.First things first: do not ever order in person. Always order in advance, they make food to order and it takes extremely long. Your experience will be MUCH more pleasant if you pick up.The food: The eponymous tangbaos are the main attraction here. Don't be fooled by their lack of variety, order one set of every tangbao if you can. The noodles and rice while made with quality ingredients taste okay but pale in comparison to the Baos. The soup noodles are especially not spectacular. Drinks offered are quite marked up but quite tasty.The youtiao are dry and taste slightly stale.The katsu is often a good pick with a side of veggies; I had it with a side of the garlic greens. The greens themselves tasted good but were kind of oily and there were way too many chunks of garlic, almost more garlic than veggies.The ribs are very sweet and hearty, a decent pick with a side of rice.Curry chicken is not very flavorful, do not recommend.Similarly, the beef and pork noodles have a tasty broth but the noodles themselves weren't as chewy as I would've liked. I recommend the pork over the beef; the beef is not the nice kind of stew cut you imagine when you order it and will dissapoint you.Last but not least, the famous TangBao here are AMAZING. You can see them making them through the glass and they taste as good as any tangbao in flushing. My favorite is the crab and pork, but definitely try the spicy pork at least once, there's a great flavor and kick in the soup. Make sure you eat them as soon as possible after ordering to prevent the soup drying out or sticking to the wrapper and tearing the tangbao.
Tastes like fast food... mediocre to subpar ingredients. Not worth the trip.Super salty  greasy with some spice but no flavor. 1 star for cleanliness 1 star for service
This place is definitely a lot more chic with higher price tags than neighboring restaurants in the Fulton St area.  It reminds me of the ramen noodle joints in Manhattan.Dropped by for lunch...Tangbao means soup dumpling so you gotta try the namesake dish.  The Blue crab soup dumplings are legit but be prepared to wait 15 min while it is made fresh. Next time I will order online before coming as they do not take phone orders. Minced pork soup noodle has a bit of spice and excellent broth that makes the dish.Will be back for more
Good offerings at good prices and very tasty.  Quick and efficient, if not exactly cheerful, service.
Food is so good. Great soup dumplings, vegetables and great noodles. Also, you know it's legit when they offer you ginger to go with the vinegar! Everything is also at a great price.
Try the chinese meatballs so soft and juicy! Every time I walk by I undoubtedly have to stop in to get some quick soup dumplings!
I came here while I was on jury duty and was nearby. I really should have tried the soup dumplings, as everyone seems to rave about them but I really wanted fried rice that day. Fried rice was good and the seasonal vegetable was delicious. It had a garlic sauce and was better than the rice dish. Very casual place for lunch, felt like a lot of people from nearby jobs came here. Unfortunately, I work far away and can't come back for lunch.
I ordered the N9 Soy Garlic Noodles and the G3 Garlic Cucumber Salad. Both were delicious and a good amount of food. The place is nice and definitely draws in the lunch crowd. Be prepared to wait for your order. I didn't get the dumplings but they looked very plump and juicy. Seeing through the window where they are being assembled, they don't skimp on the filling. It was a little on the expensive side, but worth it.
Pricey xiao long bao (we had 12 and paid handsomely, especially compared to counterparts) and an excellent blood orange bruce cost ginger ale from the fridge.FYI nytimes.com/2016/03/09/d…
Found this little gem on Yelp and it was great. Inexpensive and no frills but the food was good! The woman at the register helped us order and we enjoyed everything we had. The spicy pork soup dumplings were especially good.
Love the soup dumpling. Must try! Server is very nice and helpful. Very reasonable price. The place is a little tight but worth the trip.
Haven't had the XLBs (but the chef is from Joe Shanghai's in Chinatown), but the braised meatballs are the best thing here. I'd eat these things all the time. The meatballs are the Shanghainese Lion's Head Meatballs that you can have in a restaurant, but they serve it in noodle soup or over rice. They are moist, full of umami, and delicious.Great addition to the neighborhood for fast casual Shanghainese food.
The answer to soup dumplings in Brooklyn is this place!! Go hungry and try their spicy soup dumplings (Y3), I don't think you can find this delicacy anywhere else in NYC. I always pair that with their meatballs soup noodles, shao mai (sticky rice dumplings), sweet short ribs, you tiau (fried dough) to dip in a warm bowl of sweet soy milk = one comforting delicious meal! Oh, they also have seasonal sautéed greens too for those of you (like me) who always need a side of greens with your meal.
Great Shanghai dumplings. Right up there with best I've had. They also have You Tiao and Soy Bean Milk which were very authentic. Price is also reasonable plus nice decor.
XLB are so deliciously shanghainese.  They are my favorite in Brooklyn and Manhattan, near the top compared to the Flushing competition.  Great flavor and skin - thin and doesn't stick to one's teeth. My Chinese grandmother would've approved. I ate a steamer of dumplings and spring rolls solo while waiting for a takeout order.
This restaurant is out of control delicious. I detest American Chinese food but love authentic Shanghainese cuisine so I was super happy to experience the genuine quality and dishes at Yaso Tangbao. The co-owners are so eager to make guests comfortable, the ambiance is fun (you can see the dumplings being made) and pleasantly elegant given the casual nature of street food. We tried nearly everything on the menu, it felt like! All of the dumplings are the perfect texture, the flavor is fresh and refined, the soup rich in flavor but light in overall consistency. I preferred the vegetarian and crab dumplings most. The lion's head was totally a surprise. I don't eat a ton of meat so I was apprehensive about trying this giant meatball but I could have lived on these, they are super flavorful and the consistency is smooth and transcendent. I love Yaso Tangbao and cannot wait to go back!!
Compared to Flushing, this place is NOT it. But we are not in Flushing, this is Downtown Brooklyn so I can't get picky!XLB (Soup Dumplings)  - Quite tasty. Solid skin. Lots of soup. I would say better than Joe's. But they are no Nan Xiang or Din Tai Fung. I appreciate that they have the vinegar with ginger slices as dipping sauce and they have soup spoons big enough to hold the dumplings now!Pan Fried Pork Bao - Tasty bao. Crispy bottoms. VERY LITTLE meat.Sweet Pumpkin Pancakes - These were chewy - kinda like sweet potato flavored mochi? And I guess I liked them because I ate the whole thing before I realized it. Beef Braised Noodle Soup - Noodles were soggy. Beef and pickled mustard greens on top were tasty. Soup has NO depth. It really needs chili oil but they don't have any! For $11.50, I would rather pay $3.50 more and go to Ganso Ramen down the street and get a super delicious bowl of noodles.Crispy Curry Noodle - Noodles are crispy like their title says... but it's very meh. I feel like they added this dish for the wai guo ren.MaPo Tofu with Rice and Fried Egg - Egg is not runny. The ma po flavor is not there at all. A LOT of rice. Don't let that menu photo fool you! Spicy Cabbage Salad - Not spicy at all, but quite tasty! Nice to have a little pickled veggies and only $3.50.Garlic Cucumber Salad - This dish is ok. Def NOT worth $5. Would rather make my own at home.Hot Sauce - This place does not have chili oil.... only Sriracha which obvs is not Shanghainese. Sriracha goes surprisingly well with the pan fried pork baos tho!My recommendation for first time people - order off the "Signatures" or "Bites" section. Avoid the noodles and rice dishes if you are used to real Chinese food - those sections are for the wai guo ren. They are always playing LAME early-2000s Top 40... so I am very thankful that they do take out.
The place was bright, lots of room, clean, and a short walk from where I live. A good option for the neighborhood but a bit pricey for what it is. Here's what I had: Mapo tofu - lots of rice, lots of tofu and ground pork. The first few bites were fine. I asked for the egg fully cooked since I'm prego...the whites were foamy/crunchy, you know how it gets when the heat is too high? I also wish the flakes of red pepper were a bit smaller rather than the size of paper shreds, or that you could actually taste the spice (I added a bunch of sriracha to it). Pork soup dumplings - yummy. They come with the black vinegar and ginger which I put plenty of. The paper spoon it came with fit it just fine. But only 4 dumplings for like $5.95???? That's near highway robbery! There should be 6 at that price, sheesh!Pork buns - also good, but a little too much bun and not enough meat for my taste. Again - I piled on the sriracha (maybe my taste-buds are shot?)Chicken sauerkraut and rice - meh. It wasn't my favorite. I would go back to try other things. But I would DEFINITELY go back if their prices were a tad lower - at least for the dumplings!
As others have mentioned, this place does have a similar vibe to Xi'an Famous Foods... a younger, slightly more hip version. However, when it comes to food quality this place falls a bit short. It's definitely more of a fast food type place, especially with the food trays and plastic bowls. The food is just ok. If you're looking for a quick fix in the area and aren't expecting much, then this place would do!
Some great baos. Expect to spend 15 - 20 bucks for a meal, a side of baos and a very tasty organic ginger ale.
This place is incredible. Everything I tasted was exceptional! The ambiance is great. Plenty of comfortable seating. Friendly and fast service. I wish I could go back, but I live in Texas.
Amazing!Usually I give places a five star review if I've been here a lot. I'm only giving this place a four star review because I've only been here once. But MMMM!!! Is it good! Your food comes out very quick. FINALLY a good Chinese place around here! I went there for lunch, which seems the most fitting time of day to go there, and the food was like an explosion of deliciousness. I loved the dumplings with the sweet pork. You should come here, I 98% recommend it!
The best soup dumplings。Like, seriously the bomb。Get the wine chicken。Ok but seriously. The best soup dumplings I've had in NY so far. Make your way down here. The dumpling skin isn't thick like the ones in Manhattan. Get the wine chicken too. Yes.
really nice and authentic place for shanghainese food. The environment is pretty good compare to most chinese restaurant in the US. The food is also good. Steam buns are fresh and delicious, always best paired with chinese vinegar. Soup is hot and tasty. Wish there be more branches in manhattan.
I don't understand the 5 star rating here- I mean, it's fine. But it's like fine for a neighborhood where there are literally no other options for soup dumplings. Prices are high, portions are small and quality is mediocre. It's not terrible, but I wouldn't go out of my way for this place again.
Really good soup dumplings. Roast pork dish is also excellent. A welcome addition to downtown Brooklyn!
I wish this store was on every corner. The fried pork buns have a bit of soup in them. Soupy, soft, with a crunchy bottom. Flavorful and best of all, no signs of MSG! Real gingerale offering a nice touch.
tried coming last week but it was so packed that i couldn't even get in. so i decided to come back yesterday with a coworker for lunch. it was a bit late and it wasn't as packed as the first time we went. i ordered the mapo tofu with rice and egg. it was pretty decent. the portion wasn't so bad. i feel like it's a bit overrated tho. i might come back but i'm not 100% sure about that.
So happy to be able to get soup dumplings in downtown Brooklyn. This place was solid and the prices are reasonable. There is a bit of a wait for food though, so be warned. I would say it's about 10-15 minutes. I had the crab and pork soup dumplings and the spicy pork noodle soup. Delicious and authentic!
So good. Eat here. Or don't, and leave some space for me to sit lol.Typically I'll read or watch an episode while I eat, but I can't do that to the braised beef noodle from Yaso Tangbao. I respect it too much. The noodles and broth alone are amazing. As for the beef, it's like they served me every cut I typically have to brawl my family for at dinner. Also, the soup dumplings are great, just prep for the 20 minute wait.
I love this yaso tangbao soooo much!!!!!! People here are really nice and friendly. If you would like a take out, your food would be ready as soon as you sign your name!! The food is really delicious, their signature is a must try! Amazing restaurant! I will definitely recommend it to my friends!!!!
Nice fast food place, the dumplings are a hit here, they are great because the soup is inside instead of out, that makes the taste so much richer. Noodles were good, mostly because the pork was tasty. I'd stop by again.
The crab and pork soup dumplings are the best!!! The spicy and regular ones are also great. You really can't go wrong with any of the dumplings here. And the sweet and sour pork ribs were a pleasant surprise. Would definitely come back again!
I've gone here a few times now and I will be so bold as to claim this my favorite place in NYC to get Xiao Long Bao. Shanghai soup dumplings are made on premise, and blows Joes Shanghai and Ginger out the water. The skin is thin, and the soup is flavorful. This is casual takeout with restaurant quality cooking. The Meat Balls or lion heads at some other places call it was pretty good. It was saucy and wasn't too dense. Their garlic bok choi is also well done here. I would suggest ordering a few dishes and getting a side of rice. The drunken chicken has really good flavor, unfortunately the texture of the meat was a little off (mushy). Noodles were okay, it comes in a dark beef broth with chewy noodles. If you come here I would seek out their shanghai dumplings, and get multiple orders to satisfy your soup dumpling cravings. Lots of locals from the area, doesn't look like they do take out.
I've eaten most of the items on the menu.  Unfortunately there are no other real Chinese food options in this neighborhood which is why they can charge highway robbery prices.  The food is okay compared to the Chinese-American places in the area.  However, they are overcharging for tiny portions.  The good soup dumplings in Chinatown charge about $4.95 for 8 pieces.  Here they charge $5.35 for 4 pieces, more than double what you should pay!  I get that there are no other options but at least give 6 pieces just to be fair.Cucumber salad @ $5, complete rip off! They give only a few pieces, less than half of a small cucumber cut up and it was very over salted.  Wine chicken - again, the portion was tiny and over salted - steer clear from this.  Sweet  sour pork ribs - came in a tiny order of 4-5 small pieces, basically 2 normal ribs cut into half.  Noodles - I've had the beef and braised meat ball for $12.  Again, in a normal Chinese noodle shop, this bowl of noodles would have been much larger and about half the price.  The noodles tasted okay but one bowl isn't enough for an adult.  If you are going to charge $12, at least let the customer walk out feeling slightly full!  Noodles don't cost that much so adding 15-20% would make a big impact on whether someone is going to return to the place. Curry Crispy Noodle - the taste was very average, would not recommend, and portion is too small for one adult.  Mapo Tofu rice - the taste was okay, but again, for $10.00 I expected more food especially since it's mostly inexpensive tofu!  Definitely not enough to fill a person.  Basically between 3 adults, we had to spend $75 to feel full.  This seems like a rip off for a chipotle style chinese fast food place.  The food tastes okay and is pretty authentic but be prepared to spend about $20 pp in order to feel satisfied.  I am very disappointed since this is one of the few more authentic offerings in this neighborhood but they are too cheap to give a little more in order for their customers to walk out satisfied.  A few extra noodles, tofu, cucumber, or rice would not even affect their bottom line much but they are overcharging purely because they feel they can get away with it!  I like the food here but will not be returning until they tweak the portions to match the price or unless they drop the price to match their portion size.
I was surprised to find good dumplings in the Fulton mall.  Everything we had was very tasty, and I would definitely go back.  That said, some items on the menu are more of a bargain than others, so watch the portion sizes.  The dumplings are $5+ for four, which is on the pricey side.
Came here during lunch, the food was excellent. Had the braised beef noodle soup..mmmgood! Soup was delicious a lot better than Shanghai spots in Chinatown I must say. Didn't get the soup dumpling but will definitely be back to try that as it looked deeeelicious too.
I read about this place from the NYT. it did not disappoint. food was very good just wish portions were a little bigger. The wonton soup was so good. Soup dumplings could have been hotter but yet they we're very delicious. plan to go again soon. I recommend it.
Thumbs up!!! I went with my parents, they also love it. One of the best place in downtown Brooklyn!
Overpriced for the quality of food. Ordered the soy garlic noodle with cilantro and it is extremely bland and greasy. The you tiao is horribly greasy and flavorless. The vegetable dumplings are rock hard. Won't eat here again
Great soup dumplings, especially the spicy pork. Fast and fresh. Definitely satisfied my craving without having to travel into Manhattan.
It does bring back some memory, but still not close to it. The diced pork noodle is not bad. The ribs were a little bit dry, disappoint on that.  Overall the place is nice, food is okay, will go back to try again. Hopefully will change my mind on the food.
Oh man, finally a place that's close to work that's on par with Joe's Shang Hai that I'm willing to pay $3 extra for their soup dumplings.Beet noodles are wee bit disappointment, not the hand pull type.  Will try other dishes later this week
The atmosphere here is really amazing. The decoration and the display of the desks brings people back to old time in Shanghai. The food is good and the staffs are mostly young people and they are friendly. The boss here is a shanghai native so this is the place definitely worth going !
Great place for Shanghai food lovers! This place has the most authentic Shanghai food! . The price is reasonable And their service is pretty good. And I love this place, it's so clean and the atmosphere is relaxing and comfortable! I'll definitely come back with my bae for their TANGBAO and Shaoxing chicken!
YS1 Yaso Pork Soup Dumplings quantity 4 are pretty good vinegar comes from a water dispenser. Side of fried chicken was crispy and juicy and a tad salty but I seem to always order it. They had sweet and spicy dumplings in a chili oil as a special. While this is one of my favorite things to eat and I seek these hangover helpers quite often, these were not the way I like them. The sauce was a little too sweet BUT their dumplings are very good. While the portions are smaller than Manhattan or Flushing I think the quality, execution and cleanliness makes it a nice spot to go when you don't want to head to C-town for soup dumpling. As far as the price I am surprised that so many have commented on price/value since the food is good and it is Brooklyn. Last time I checked living in BK trumps the cost of living in Manhattan and of course Queens. To be honest the portion size here is actually perfect since you don't leave with a food coma because you can not leave that last soup dumpling it would just be wrong and mean to the dumpling gods.
Went to lunch with a co worker and had the ribs and fried rice. Food was great and was prepared fast.
tl;dr: wide variety of Asian food that is flavorful and very shareable. I would order the garlic bok choy, fried rice, and BBQ pork ribs. Casual wooden benches atmosphere where you order at the register, creating a cozy environment. Very reasonable prices!Went to Yaso Tangbao with friends during a rainy day. Seating is mostly first-come, first-serve on wooden benches, so you might find yourself sitting next to randos while you eat, but that just adds to the casual environment of this restaurant.We decided to order a few dishes to be shared: garlic bok choy, BBQ pork ribs, fried rice, pork soup dumplings, and fried chicken over rice. Everything was delicious and my two guy friends and I walked out stuffed, despite having paid roughly $40 between the 3 of us. The bok choy was simple and pretty standard, although I like the added garlic. BBQ pork ribs were tender and savory and had just the right amount of tang--very shareable! I was skeptical about sharing soup dumplings (assumed that was an actual soup-y dish), but so glad we got it! It was a fun experience to suck out the broth from the dumplings. The fried rice was perhaps my favorite item because there were many layers of flavor. It was the perfect accompaniment to our BBQ pork ribs. My friend thought the fried chicken over rice was underwhelming, but my husband and I thought the chicken was very good, especially since they are sliced thin and fried creating a very crispy dish.Definitely will be back to try more food items. Especially happy to find a good Asian restaurant in the area.
soup dumplings were delicious. clean and great service. i ordered soup dumplings, beef noodle soup and the soy marinated fried egg. all have authentic flavor to them.  definitely coming back if I'm ever in this area again.
This place looks pretty promising and a great additional to the area that has some semi-legit Chinese/Shanghainese food. The price tag is a bit high and the quality is average to good but considering there's not many asian food selections, the high price is to be expected ($8.5 for 6 regular soup dumplings). Since it's still in its soft-opening phase, perhaps the menu will change slightly in time. They are also running a 10% off discount during this time. So on my first trip, I tried the chicken noodles with vegetables. It was okay as far as taste; used MSG, but passable to get some comforting Chinese food for lunch. In looking through the menu, I am looking forward to trying out more of the small plates.
Get the pan fried pork dumplings!!! Delicious! Also tried the steamed wasn't as good as the pan fried but still a good dumpling
I'm used to spicy food not rly being that spicy but their Spicy dumplings were everything!!! Will definitely be ordering from here again!!
Went here during the lunch rush hour. The line was through the door but the service was pretty quick; was able to order and get my food in 20 mins. It's a bit chaotic during lunch, so I wouldn't recommend eating inside. The decor is nice and the restaurant is very clean. The menu options are great and the service was excellent. I had the Braised beef noodle soup which was excellent. Noodles were perfect, beef was soft and moist, broth was flavorful yet refreshing. Will definitely be back to try more.
thought it was table service, but its order, pick up and sit or go. the neighborhood its in is kind of confusing to find at first and its away from the pretty lights in christmas time  my dumplings soup was good, spicy bao was spicy  good. nice decor, ambiance ok too. just kind of small  the people yell out the order # and if you dont respond within 5 seconds they legit yell it out "TWENTY TWO?!?!" calm down.
OK. So I work near here. And honestly around this area there are only a couple of places that are noteworthy. This place for me is like a gold mine, Granted I came on a Saturday when New York had a snowstorm so there was absolutely no wait. I love Soup dumplings (xiao long bao) and this restaurant had one of the best crab shao long bao that I've ever had. The flavor of the blue crab was so much stronger than that of places like shanghai cafe and joe shanghai in Chinatown NYC. (I am in no way stating that these restaurants are subpar because I do love those restaurants as well). There's also a spicy pork soup dumpling that was really unique, but still quite good. The other dumplings and noodle soups were also good as well. I had the braised beef noodle soup (one of my favorite dishes) and i would say it was a 6/10 in my book. I would say however, the timing of when things are cooked needs to be worked on. The sweet and spicy wontons I had were a bit cold, like the cook prepped and cooked it first and just left it on the side. The flavor for the wontons were great. So, yes. I would go back here. Whether it be for my hour lunch break or if I'm having a weekend craving for good food. Props to you yaso tang bao
I expected something that is really triditional and more from this so call Shanghai street food...I order the braised beef noodle soup and the beef is good as it suppose to taste. However...the noodle...like come on guys... spaghetti noodle???  That just made it really un-edible...you got a room full of workers... why not have hand pulled noodle? The soup...like really? It is just white radish and pork bone... where is all those other ingredients to boost up the flavor? Overall the price for this dish is to high. I guess this is one of those place that get the hype in the beginning and then it will soon vanish into thin air.
Ambience - 4 starsFood - 3 starsService - 2 starsRationale:We were the first customers of the day and perhaps we were just a practice run, as our food was simply decent. I've had better XLB at dim sum restaurants (shout out to Hong Kong's City Hall dim sum resto). The beef noodles were okay; something was off about the flavor and the broth. My crispy veggie noodles were not crispy.The cashier messed up our order in different ways  - wrong item; taken by a different customer who ordered the same dish.TLDR: Meh food, bad service, eat somewhere else.
Ever since I learned about this new Shanghai dumpling house, I've been wanting to go. Went there to get lunch on a Saturday, and surprisingly the restaurant wasn't too crowded. For me and my cousin, we got 2 orders of soup dumplings and old fashioned tomato soup, one cucumber appetizer, one meatball noodle soup and the wine chicken. The soup dumplings were soo soooo good although honestly the highlight for me was the tomato soup and meatball noodle. The tomato soup has just enough sourness and sweetness and the meatballs were just over the top, so soft and juicy. Having tried couple other soup dumpling places in ny and Boston, i'd say Oh YEAH, this is prob one of my best experiences so far. If you'r ever craving for some yum Chinese quick bites, THIS is the place to go.
Quick service and Delicious soup dumplings. Will return for sure.
The chicken curry rice was fantastic, mixed with potatoes, carrots, and onions. Resembles Japanese curry. The chicken was plentiful and soft and potatoes were well favored. The veggie dumplings looked very pretty with that glossy green. The soup dumplings skin are not as sticky/soggy as the usual like the ones at joe shanghai. The pan fried pork buns were crispy and savory.
Tasty, satisfying noodle soup. I tried the spicy pork soup, and I wasn't disappointed. I also had the sauerkraut spring rolls and was surprised at how well the flavors worked together. This spot has a full range of Bruce Cost ginger ales, which I love. I spent $17 for all three; not bad for a full meal in the area but more than average for Asian street food.
As a Shanghai local, I love love this place. They r little pricy but compare with those shit shanghai restaurant in China town, this place deserve a 4 star. Especially the soup! So delicious and it reminds me of my childhood back in Shanghai. Love this place and just keep coming back.
Love, love,love this food. Delicious spicy pork dumplings are my favorite. Also love the Wonton soup. The curry is lovely and mild. The big soups are all good with great noodles. The stir fried chinese greens are yummy as are the ribs. It's a bargain for quality, authentic Shanghai cuisine.
So I went here because I was really excited that there was a coal long bao place in Brooklyn but this place was pretty lackluster. In my opinion if you're going to pay more than you do in Chinatown, you should at least not get paper and plastic cutlery with your food.
This ain't ur normal "general hsao's chicken place", they offer the best Shanghainese dishes in town. Crab soup tangbao and the hot meat noodle are the must tries. Enough protein and enough taste. You won't regret. I wish they are franchising  around town soon so that I can grab it for lunch everyday!
I am so happy there is a decent noodle and dumpling place. I could just order 1000 dumplings and eat it all day. I love the Meatball noodle soup as well. The service is good and fast. I sometimes go after gym and probably it's like once a week.
Great place and delicious dumpling, very clean, warm service. I went there with my girlfriend, and we order the Shanghai soup dumpling, and it's even better than the original Shanghai soup dumpling that I had in China!What's more, the Shaoxing drunken chicken is a must try!!!!!!
Welcome to the neighborhood!Glad to see this place open after passing it a few times. Definitely the best-presented thing on Lawrence.Got take-out today, spicy diced pork noodle soup, and it's very good. Service was fast, regardless of the long line.They haven't gotten a chance to establish themselves as I'm sure they'd like to by now, but currently, this is probably the best asian spot in downtown Brooklyn. 4/5
If you're looking for an authentic Shanghainese dumpling experience, this is the place for you. I went there last Saturday with a couple of friends: we found the restaurant as we were walking around DT Brooklyn after a long day, and the food totally exceeded our expectations!Tangbao: Perfectly cooked and the sauce was very tasty. We tried all three types and I liked the porkcrab one in particular. The stylish spoons added to the dining experience too.Noodles: I ordered braised beef noodle soup and they gave me a very generous portion of meat. The soup was on the lighter side so I was able to finish most of it without complaining that it's too salty/spicy.Others: We also got drunken shrimps and pork ribs. They were not the best I've ever had but good enough to match the quality of their Tangbaos. Needless to say I was surprised to find this hidden gem--It's probably one of the best dumplings I've ever had on the east coast (I lived in California for 3 years so know a couple of good places over there). I'll definitely go back soon!
i have high expectations for XLB as someone who lived in taiwan for years and ate dtf on the regular. yaso FINALLY has given me the best XLB in manhattan so far (next to the bao, or better). i their other options are so good (like beef noodle soup). it is pricier, but it is worth it.
I've eaten here twice and it's been okay both times. The chicken on my noodles was a bit rubbery but the vegetables were good.
We've been coming back regularly bc the XLB are just irresistible. Also the owners are still tinkering with the menu and recipes; for example the cucumber has improved over time (originally the ratio was 50/50 garlic to cuke) and they've added other items. Also!! They got better spoons :)
Thoroughly enjoyed this place, although it's pricier than Chinatown, nothing beats getting to stay in Brooklyn and enjoying one of my fave foods (soup dumplings). I just wish the portions were more generous (6 instead of 4). Spicy is the way to go...
I only had the checken noodle soup so far, the taste is ok. Nothing special about the flavoring, it was a light broth noodle soup. Price wise, it's pretty expensive. Considering that I can get the same noidle soup for $3 less elsewhere. They have no competition so they get to. Eveything is overpriced a bit.  I assume this is also due to the compostable bowl they use specifically, more expensive than the typical recyclable containers. Great for our environment though!  Kudos top them for that gesture. Now, the compostable bowls they use is not good with noodles being that they're starchy so the noodles were stuck to the paper bowl. Check photo. More of a niche for now for the American taste buds.
I've been a few times. Thank god we've got some decent Shanghainese food in downtown BK. The food is tasty. It ain't Chinatown, but it's the best we've got. Definitely too expensive for what you get (small portions), but it's good quality. I wish the seats had backs, but otherwise it's easy to find a spot to sit. All-in-all, a welcome addition to the neighborhood!
Nice and trendy setting with clear glass kitchen (always a plus). The table settings were quite interesting. They have bigger tables to share with other people, which embeds more of Asian culture. The food is very cheap (for NY) and delicious. Excellent experience overall :D
Had the spicy pork soup dumplings and the Soy Garlic noodle. Both were good, but thought the noodle would have more quantity. I wasn't full after that , so bought the sticky rice dumplings. The whole thing costed me $20. So bit pricey for the quantity but good food if you want something light.
The food is pretty tasty but priced just a tad high for what it is -- a riff on Shanghai street food.  The soup dumplings are delicious, especially the spicy pork version.  The fried buns were okay but a little too doughy.  I once ordered the crispy noodles with a curry sauce-- the had a nice taste but they hardly had any sauce which meant the noodles stayed rather crunchy. The service could use some improving-  I understand that everything is made to order, but during the lunch time rush, this could mean a long wait.  Overall, a great addition to the neighborhood, but they still need to improve a couple of things.
soup dumplings - good, but discordant with setting.  I think of soup dumplings as being a little special, not something from a counter-service lunch place.  Flavor good, texture ok.mapo - good flavor, lean, not saucy or particularly wet, but good.fried chicken noodle soup - filling, but just ok.  thick cut veg, good texture but soup didn't have enough flavor to compliment the cut.  chicken suffered from breading getting soggy, some hold up better than others, this wasn't one of them..nice concept, satisfying portions, we went there late sunday afternoon.  not worth a special trip.  a great place for lunch if you are nearby, but probably not more than that.
I like the ambiance, nicely decorated, makes people feel relaxed  comfortable.  The food comes in small portions, so I can taste a lot of different dishes.   There are so many different dishes to try (~30-40 items?). Strongly recommend tangbao (blue crab and pork soup dumpling), Garden Vegetable Crispy Noodle, G2 Kao Fu. I've only been there once so far, but I will definitely go back and try more dishes! Part of the kitchen has glass walls and you can see how the chef makes dumplings
Sandwiched between Papa John's pizza and Sister's Unisex Salon, Yaso Tangbo is a haven of delicious Shanghainese cuisine. The customers are provided with a wide range of food options, ranging from pork dumplings to rice bowls. For those who aren't as familiar with Shanghainese food, Yaso Tangbao provides images of the various choices on the menu to help new eaters determine what looks appealing to them. The food, while it may take longer than a typical fast food place, is filled with rich spices, tenderly marinated organic meats, and an orginal flavor. Put down the burger and come on over!
Expensive for what it is, but the braised meatballs over rice with eggs are on point.
I had such hopes for this place.  It took several weeks for us to get here as it opens at noon and is not open on Sundays.  Many times we're looking for a brunch/breakfast on Sunday so right off the bat, Yaso's hours are inconvenient.  We finally had cravings the same time they were open and found the place to be well designed with communal and smaller tables.  Its menu is appetizing and inviting touting Shanghainese street food.  We came for the soup dumplings, or as its name says "tang bao".  We got the crab and pork dumplings, braised beef noodles and cold noodles.  They were tasty but not extraordinary.  I didn't realize one order of dumplings was only 4 dumplings.  Most places have 6 or 8.  The prices are reasonable but the portions are small.  The cold noodles were hard and were obviously refrigerated.  The proper texture should be al dente but not hard from being in the fridge.  There was not much to the noodles, a few shreds of carrots, cucumber and a thin sesame sauce.  It hit the spot but nothing to write home about.  The beef noodle also lacked body.  The beef chunks were tasty and tender but the broth needed more substance and was more a consommé than a broth.  The dumplings were very good and without trying all the items, the tastiest and main attraction.  Not sure if it's worth all the trouble to find a parking space in the downtownBrooklyn area but it's a little pricey for only 4 pieces ($6.95). To be fair, we should try some other items before passing judgment.  If you're  expecting lunch or even dinner portions you'll be mildly disappointed. Think hip snack bar which are popular in Chinatown and a hangout for the after school crowd.  We went on a Saturday afternoon and the place was not busy at all.  It probably is a different scene on a weekday when the nearby schools, court and offices are abuzz.  Glad we got there to see what all the hype was after the NY Times article sang its praises but it's not that remarkable if you know the similar spots in Chinatown, Flushing or Sunset Park to get comparable quality and the portions would be larger and prices would be cheaper.
As a shanghainese, I have to say this is the best shanghainese food you can get on the east coast. Highly recommend!
The dumplings are excellent!!!  The noodles was ok bt some of the appetizers are definitely worth a try
Best soup dumpling place in NY! As Chinese, have to say it's really authentic--exactly like food from home!
There's nothing wrong with the food, but this is not, as another reviewer said, comparable with Chinatown establishments in affordability (-1 star). The portions are small, for one thing, and there's no table service.The place looks much cleaner than the other Chinese restaurant there, but I didn't see a city health grade on the storefront. It's very well furnished; along with the location, the prices correlate.
The number-one to-go place around metrotech center if you like Chinese foods. Even my friends from Shanghai told me it's authentic. Really liked the pork chop and noodle too.
i really wanted to give Yaso a 3.5 star. The main complaint is that there is not enough value for this type of restaurant: casual Asian fare with a focus on pick up/delivery, lunch crowd consistency of office workers and students, and locals. Portions are relatively small compared to what you would get at other Asian shops. The soup dumplings are great for the neighborhood, but not among the best in the NY area; overall great serviceable for a neighborhood spot. The spicy soup dumplings probably use a mix with paprika, and reminds me of spicy Doritos. Many of the rice dishes are average and serviceable with the exception of the meatballs, which are great. I just wish I can get more of it per order. The cold noodles are on the greasier side. I have not tried the other appetizers, but they could be the standouts on the menu. This restaurant is well covered by many of the delivery services in NY.
Great soup dumplings without having to go to either Chinatown.  Servings are large, food come up quickly.
This place is all about the dumplings. Yes, the dumplings are a bit pricey, especially for a self serve place, but the atmosphere is actually pleasant and no servers means they don't have to be tipped. It's been a while since I had dumplings this good. We tried "Blue Crab And Pork Soup" and "Pan Fried Pork Baos". The soup and filling in both was very good. The dough was especially great in the latter and a bit rubbery in the former. They also had a special "pig's foot". How often do you get that?! It was delicious and very filling. None of my fellow eaters were cool enough to share my pig's foot and had ordered ribs and different noodles. Unfortunately, none were really impressed with their dishes. (Their verdict was not bad, but not great.) My verdict is that this place has its specialties and if you stick to them (and those specialties are your thing, of course), you'll probably be happy.
As many have stated, they have great soup dumplings.
During my first visit, I ordered the spicy pork soup dumplings and the vegetarian rice bowl. While the dumplings were good, my rice bowl was fairly cold (aside from the rice underneath), and the eggs seemed like they were sitting out for a while prior to my order and had gotten cold/hard. The prices were nice for the amount of food you receive, but unfortunately it just wasn't satisfactory this time.
I'm a fan! Yaso Tangbao has a great selection of noodle dishes and side dishes! I really like their fried chicken noodle soup and their beef noodle soup. Their soup dumplings come with a cute biodegradable spoon thats friendly for the environment, holds the fat dumpling well, and doesn't soak through. That's awesome lol. I also love the fact that they package to-go orders very well. They separate soup and noodles and they make sure the package will be safe from spills and leaks.Apparently they have a new menu coming out, so definitely excited to come back.
Hated the bao and the braised pork noodles. The noodles were stiff and skin of bao too thick. Also waited for at least 20 mins for my order!! Wasted my time and money.
As a native Shanghainese I can say Yaso is the BEST and MOST AUTHENTIC Shanghainese food I have ever had in NYC so far without running into the long lines of waiting at Joe's Shanghai. I can't remember how many times i have been here for weekend brunch or for dinner when I am too tired to cook after work. Yaso Tangbao always gives me comfort and nostalgia for home. The restaurant is run by a bunch of international students from Shanghai who stayed in US after they graduated. So happy that they are bringing authentic Shanghainese food to share with a broader audience in NYC![Food]The must get Shanghainese food here is soup dumpling (pork and crab). The soup dumplings are on the top of my list even compared with those in Shanghai - the skin is chewy, the consistent and clear juice and the meat is not too fatty. The crab option is beyond my expectation - you can see and taste the real crab meat (rather than imitation crab) and the taste of crab is well blended with that of pork - a trace of sweetness. For those who never tried it, you have to bite a little opening on the skin first to suck out the hot juice before you can put the entire thing in your mouth. But be careful, don't be tempted to eat too fast - the host juice could hurt you (as I did once...)Another must get is the "lion-head" over rice. "Lion-head" is actually Chinese meatball - pork blended with some veggie (sometimes chesnut) and braised in shaoxing wine and soy sauce. I also comes with 2 fried eggs on top and some bak choy. The best way to eat it (to me at least) is too mix the rice, the meatballs and the eggs all together and eat it like fried rice, as the meatball is a bit too salty too eat alone. I always make sure that I don't miss a single grain of rice in the box.The side dishes are also good options, though I often find myself too full after soup dumplings and meatball rice to enjoy them. I tried: sweet sour rib, chicken cooked in wine, kao-fu (dried-ish tofu with mushroom - I'm not a big fan for this though). They are decent, especially the sweet sour rib, but not outstanding.I tried other main courses as well throughout the time, and they are definitely not as good as meatball rice. The noodle soup is a little bit too blend. The curry is good but it is not authentic Shanghainese food. [Service]Yaso is set up like a fast food place where you order, pay, get a number, get called your number and pick up your food and therefore there needs no tip. The staff is always very nice and friendly. If you use the same card again and again to pay, you get a free serving of pork soup dumpling the 8th (or 10th, can't remember). They also did a promotion on instagram for people to win a return ticket to Shanghai. The space is clean and often there are seats. The wait time for food can be a little bit long sometimes (~5~10 min) but not too bad. You also need to clean up your stuff after you finish.
These may be some of the best dumplings you can find in at least this part of Brooklyn without having to go to chinatown, brooklyn. Portions are a bit small, quantity wise - $6.95 for 4 blue crab and pork soup dumplings, but the quality is worth it. I've tried the above soup dumplings with perfectly tender skin. The Yaso pork bao which are like big pillowy clouds with roasted sesame seeds on top and stuffed with pork. But not an ample enough of pork. Pork Shao Mai - always pretty good. The green garden vegetable dumplings are shockingly incredibly tasty and packed with great flavor for you vegans out there. Their Shanghai cold noodles could use some more peanut sauce but the heat was good and the noodles had a nice texture. Fried chicken cutlet fillet was dappled with a nice hoisin sauce that I treated myself to smearing it all over my dress. Most surprising are usually their specials. I've only been here once but they keep coming out with innovative treats and dumplings. When we came in for our feast of all feasts before thanksgiving there was a cheese soup dumpling and it was pretty outrageously good. My favorites out of everything though would be the traditional crab and pork dumplings and shockingly the vegetarian. Nice set up here. They have long picnic tables and all the condiments are set to the side so you don't have to bother anyone about needing another bucket of sriracha sauce. There is usually a bit of a crowd. At least when I came in, which was a weekday during lunch time and I managed to take the day off, jam packed. Kind of surprised. But that just means this place is doing well!
I went over the weekend around late afternoon and it was pretty empty. It's a self serve kind of place so don't expect to get seated by a host and have waitress/waiter bring you food. You order by the register, wait for your order and when it's ready, you picked up the tray of food and find a table to sit. My friend and I ordered pork soup dumplings, crabmeat and pork soup dumplings, pork mapo tofu over rice and Shanghai cold noodle to share. Everything was pretty good although I wouldn't get the cold noodle again because the noodle was a bit hard. I like that the pork mapo tofu had a fried egg, which the traditional dish does not. It was a nice twist. For those who love spicy mapo tofu, sorry to disappoint but this dish is not spicy. Also the soup dumplings come in 4 so it's not the standard 6 you might be used to at other spots. Overall a good spot to try if you're around the area and craving Shanghai food. I wouldn't come back again because the food is a little pricey compared to what I can get in sunset park, Chinatown and Flushing which have better soup dumplings.
Cute Dumpling Shop in the middle of Downtown Brooklyn. crab  pork dumplings: It comes in 4 for about 7$Ribs: decent portion for about $7The food was really good but it is very pricey. Also, it was a really long wait for my crab dumplings.
Went last night with friends. The place is quite clean and surprisingly spacious compared to some of the other Chinese restaurants. Not a problem for the five of us to find comfortable seats together.The food is just incredible!! The soup dumplings tasted just like the ones I had in Shanghai if not better. And the pork meatballs!! The meatballs are the best meatballs I have ever had in my life. One bite of it and rainbow came out of my mouth. Excuse my Chinese here：这狮子头真的太好吃了！口感柔软而且香而不腻。完全吃不到一般狮子头的面粉味也不会因为吃到荸荠这类的东西而扫兴。原料的质量吃一口就能感觉到。配合米饭煎蛋简直无敌 The meatballs went down too fast before I could take a photo of them. But I'm sure you can find that in other people's reviews. Would totally recommend this place to my other friends. And will be back for more
The spicy dumplings are amazing!  Fantastic noodles.  Quick and friendly service.  This place fills up quick at lunch!  Will definitely be back when I'm in Downtown Brooklyn!
I stopped by upon discovering this place on yelp - good thing I did cause it definitely did not disappoint! It functions sort of like a fast food restaurant, which is great because it's also near NYU where students can conveniently stop by to munch. You basically order your food and then pick a seat to wait until your order is ready. The whole process took less than 20 minutes even when the lines were relatively long (and only 10 minutes to eat cause it was too yummy). I ordered the braised beef noodle soup and regular pork dumplings. I must say, both the noodle soup and pork dumplings were delicious especially eaten on a chilly winter day to warm you up. The soup was tasty that I drank a lot of it! It made me quite thirsty afterwards though, so it probably consisted a lot of msg. As for the dumplings, they were very juicy! You know dumplings are going to be good when you take a bite and a lot of soup squirts out! The skin was neither thick nor thin, somewhere in between. Overall, it was a pretty satisfying experience! Great place to grab some quick food!!
I do like the curry and it does taste like what we have back in Shanghai. The soup is also good. Fast service as well.
I was craving Kao Fu so I made the trek to this spot instead of finding a place in Chinatown or Flushing.The space is more takeout/fast dining where you order your food, pick it up and eat at their tables.  It was clean and roomier than a lot of Chinatown places.  The soup dumplings were good but like other reviews said, it only comes with 4.  The size might be a bit bigger than the ones you get in Chinatown but it was still a little pricier.If I lived around the area, this would be a good spot to fix my Shanghai craving but coming from Williamsburg, I rather put in the extra effort to go to Chinatown.
Bomb dumplings, skins were a bit thick but still good.Go for the pork and crab, the soup is a lot more balanced than the pork only. They only have one kind of greens listed but they were delicious. Chili oil for $1 is not necessary as they have sriracha
ordered sesame dressing loi mein (served cold) with spicy pork , about 10 bucks.the noodles was thick n solid, not springy. :(there was water underneath the loi mein , diluted the sesame dressing.fresh cumber n carrot.bit size spicy pork was average.**get this cold noodle only when u r in hurry, it was ready in 2 mins after order in cashier.otherwise, skip this dish.
Perhaps the best soup dumplings in Brooklyn. There aren't many Shanghainese restaurants in Brooklyn or NY in general but this place does it right. Serving all the original favorites my grandparents used to make. I brought my parents here and even they agreed it taste pretty good (obviously they wont admit it's the best...).Parking can be a pain here but it's worth the hunt for some soup dumplings in good ole Brooklyn. GO SHANGHAI!
Went to this place on a Saturday morning and it had a decent amount of people come by. I had the Spicy Pork Noodle Soup and my boyfriend had the Beef Noodle Soup. We also got the chicken cutlet and shared the soup dumplings with a group of friends (they come in 4). The pork broth was a lot more flavorful than the beef, but both were great. The serving sizes are pretty big and definitely worth the price. The chicken on the other hand was very average - definitely would not get it again. The soup dumplings were fine, yummy and flavorful but really sticky. If you want to take the food home, you should know that the bowls are made out of cardboard so beware of any leakage!
Been here twice with a close friend from Shanghai. He loves it and highly recommended it. I don't have much experience with this type of food, so can't offer comparisons, but I loved everything I ate. Would definitely go back. I will say it's a very plain environment: don't go for a romantic dinner....
This place is a jem. Not the best soup dumplings I have had by far but still very tasty. Love that I can get some vegetable-heavy dishes here for lunch at a reasonable price.
I have bookmarked this place for awhile, but was never around the neighborhood to give it a try. And 2 days ago (4/28/17), I was able to come eat here. My sister  I ordered 2 items from their menu: 1) the blue crab and pork soup dumpling (S2), and 2) the braised beef noodle soup (N1). The blue crab and pork soup dumpling was delicious and quite juicy. It was not the best soup dumpling I have ever eaten, but it was good enough in my standards. I liked that there was a lot of soup inside these dumplings, and that it was freshly made. I would come back to reorder this. This is not as good as Din Tai Fung or Flushing's Nan Xiang, but was good enough for Brooklyn.The braised beef noodle was delicious as well. The noodle was al dente, veggies were delicious, and the soup was quite flavorful. My only complaint is that the braised beef was hard, overcooked - hard to chew. This dish would have tasted so much better if the braised beef was more tender. I would order this again w/o the overcooked braised beef (i would be fine just eating the noodles, veggies  soup). Restaurant was very nice, spacious, and super clean. Menu was beautifully presented (reminds me of Xi'an's menu). Staff was super friendly, helpful and nice. Because the food is freshly made, it takes time - for those coming here to eat patience is recommended. We came on a slow day, so our 2 items came out in less than 10 minutes. No tipping is necessary because it is self serve (you order, sit and eat, throw your own garbage, and then leave). I guess gourmet fast food is the trend now.
This Place is you need to experience soup dumplings at. Their food is full of flavor and as authentic as I could assume the real thing is. Just try it and you will not be disappointed. Straight up amazing. I judged my review on the Y1, Y3, S2,S5,B1, and more to come
Great addition to the neighborhood! I've been there about 5 times since they've opened - in fact going back tonight. I love the soup dumplings - impossible to choose between  pork and crab so get both. Other favorites of mine are the braised pork meatballs noodle soup and the sweet and sour pork ribs. Plus the staff has always been very friendly and grateful to their customers. I hope they stick around for a long time.
Love, love, love Yaso. They have a great selection of Shanghainese food, including one of my favorites of all time, soup dumplings! I also love the chicken curry crispy noodles and the Shanghai cold noodle. Great addition to the neighborhood for eating in as well as delivery (although the soup dumplings won't be as hot as they should be).
Pig ears are all the rage so I had to order them ; they were a bit chewy but the sauce was spicy and tasty, so I really enjoyed the dish. I also ordered a beef dish that had nuts and what looked like prunes. It was very good. The last dish was a cabbage salad which was good. The three dishes were $14.00 so they gave me the choice of a free cabbage salad or soup as part of a special deal. I forgot I had already ordered the cabbage salad so I took that as my freebie. It was great so a double serving was more than welcome. There are large tables and small water glasses so it's not a fancy place but the food is good and arrives quickly which is what matters to me when I am hungry and tired.
if i had time, i would take the train across the bridge for cheaper pricing and same quality food.  good food for the area, but not AMAZING that i have to return.
The xiaolongbaos were awesome, so were the noodles. Never thought I would taste these goodies here in NY. The spicy diced pork noodles were really delicious too. Licked the bowl clean and been thinking about the meal all the way home. Coming back here again! Wish there were more locations tho. Thumbs up!
Ordered pork soup dumpling, bean soup, pan fried bao, stick rice shuimai, pork meat ball on rice and drunken chicken. What a shame for them to price those dishes like 20 to 30 % more vs other authentic shanghainese restaurants in china town. Soup dumpings tasted blend, stick rice shuimai uncooked like just took out from the fridge. In addition, they were so cheap to give us 2 more extra bowls to share our rice and bean soup. Definitely not rrecommend drive 15mins more across the bridge to have better food. Do not go!!!!!!!
What I thought would be a modern take on Shanghainese food was instead a watered down disappointment. I tried two noodles, first the N2 pork meatball (the soup lukewarm and flavorless, the meatballs straight up cold)...then the N3 garden vegetable. In both soups...it seemed they threw in a pack of noodles that cooked stuck together because I lifted out a nearly intact noodle bunch.  The pork meatball soup was truly inedible. The garden vegetable was better but I still didn't finish it. Another review wrote that this place seems to cater to the nearby white collar workers...after eating here is have to agree.
Great addition to the neighborhood. I've lived across the street for a few years and have been waiting for something like this to come for a while.
Loved the curry noodles!  Around $10+ a meal so will not be a regular customer on a student budget. Maybe once a month :D
We visited this place today for lunch. It was very good and the food was very fresh. We had the Pan Fried Pork Baos,Braised Beef Noodle Soup, fried rice with grilled chicken.  It was a hit and our 12-year-old enjoyed it very much. we will return again.
Went back the next day to try new things, and everything was bad to eh. We got the chicken curry rice, the beef noodle soup, the ma po tofu, and the Chinese greens (currently gai lan - Chinese broccoli). The chicken curry was sweet, the fried egg was precooked and COLD, the beef noodle soup was ok but the noodles were too soft and not Q (chewy) and the beef was dry and there was a tendon that wasn't cooked long enough so it was tough and inedible, and everything was way too salty. I still think everything we had yesterday was fantastic, so I would come here and stick to the left side of the top row of the menu. Honestly, if we weren't in Brooklyn for a convention and within walking distance of this place, I would go to Joe's in Chinatown (the Shanghainese restaurant of my childhood). I know it's a tourist trap and there's a line down the street, but it's still there decades later for a REASON and there's a line down the street for a REASON. (Do NOT go to the Joe's in Midtown -- YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED) (the one in Queens is not as good as the original either).
A Vegetarian ReviewVegetable Dumplings - Too much dough. Filling is tasteless. Why is there green food dye in the dumpling? It is a dark ugly green. You never seen a vegetable this color. Not appetizing. Cabbage - Well balanced flavor. TastyCucumber - Very garlicky. That I like. The problem it has no sweetness. U need sugar to bring out the flavor. That's what Shanghainese food is known for. Sugar bringing out the flavors.  Kao Fu (Wheat gluten) - Very enjoyable. A do-over. Lots of flavor.Garden Vegetable Crispy Noodle - I like it. Not the best I've had. Many better memories of this dish in some Cantonese restaurants.  but it is good enough to come back to Yaso  and order it again.Just want to mention that I believe these guys will improve there cooking. They listen to there customers tastes and keep trying to improve. It's a new restaurant and I got to give them a chance to get the kinks out. I'm glad to see the menu is vegetarian friendly. I will try all these dishes in the future and write a second review.
Exactly what I wanted. The pan-fried pork baos were greasy and delicious. The mapo tofu was  good cold (except for the egg, but cold egg is my own fault) when I ate it a couple hours later. I would have gotten soup dumplings, but I couldn't eat there, and I did not trust myself to get them home in one piece. Great street food. Crossing my fingers that they someday deliver to Park Slope, but I seriously doubt it.
Great place to have dinner with my best friend. I have been in New York for 6 years and I came from Shanghai. I feel Yaso Tangbao is the closest taste to my hometown. We ordered Yaso Pork Soup Dumplings, Pork And Bok Choy Wonton, Spicy Diced Pork Noodle , Chicken Curry Noodle Soup, Braised Pork Meatballs Over Rice With Eggs, Wine Chicken, Garlic Cucumber Salad and Spicy Cabbage Salad. They all taste so local and I love the environment very much. Strongly recommend!!!
It's the best shanghai/chinese food I ever had in NYC. Really traditional Chinese good, I will recommend to anyone who wants to taste the real Shanghai cusine. Tangbao is a must try, and wine chicken tastes really good. Decorations are modern, it's one of the best soup dumpling restaruant I have ever visited. Although the price is a little bit higher than other chinese restaurant around, but it's still resonable, and you will defiantly get better service and food quality than normal Chinese restaruant for this price. Highly recommended!
Authentic shanghai foods with high quality. Materials are very fresh. trustworthy restaurant. Will certainly come back again!
Yum!  It's kinda pricey for "street food," but it's good!
pork soup dumplings - amazing, some of the most flavorful soup dumplings i've hadpork ribs - very tasty, not to fattyvegetable dumplings - pretty good, nothing excitingGarden Vegetable Crispy Noodle - would not recommend. the sauce felt slimy and didn't taste too great.
Got the pork soup dumplings as an afternoon snack. Hot, savory, delicious. The service was friendly and very prompt, and the place is great for a casual group meet-up or solo dining.
I can't speak for how good the xiao long baos are since I don't eat pork, but I tried the sesame cold noodles and the noodles with garlic cilantro and soy sauce. I enjoyed the sesame noodles more since they weren't as salty and the noodles were chewier. Definitely try the handpulled noodles. I also had the veggie dumplings and they weren't bad but you pay more than Chinatown prices for only 4 in a bamboo steamer. Not the best price for value but certainly not bad for a Shanghainese place in downtown Brooklyn.
I wanted to like this place I really did, I just had a horrific disagreement with the staff. My chicken was completely undercooked and the staff decided to fight me on the issue. Undercooked chicken is a black and white issue. The staff refused to refund me for my meal and continued to labor that I could not tell the difference between cooked vs. undercooked chicken. For the record, pink and chewy jelly-like texture chicken isn't "moist" it's undercooked.My advice, skip the Curry Chicken Entree if you don't want salmonella. Customer service, horrible. As someone from a family in the Chinese restaurant service industry--absolutely a disgrace.
Really good soup dumplings in an area that does not have a whole lot going on like it. No, it's not Chinatown or Bay Ridge but for the area they are pretty darn good. I also had the sautéed Chinese greens with tons of garlic, needed a little soy sauce and vinegar but hey, they have a whole water dispenser full of soy sauce at the condiment counter so no worries there!
The authentic and flavorful dishes at Yaso Tangbao brought this Shanghai girl great joy. The pork soup dumplings and the shumai were comparable with the good ones in Shanghai. The sweet-sour pork ribs were so tender and juicy that even my mother, known for mastering this classic among family and friends, would be very proud of Yaso Tangbao's interpretation. Although the price may be higher than what is available in Chinatown, we find it fair considering the quality of the ingredients, the bright and clean interior, and the efficient service. I will definitely trek here again to try other items on the menu!
Nice, cheap dim sum and noodle bar. Quick and easy. Like the home made dumplings.
the chef is the executive chef from Joe Shanghai.no complains for the soup dumplings. (4 is a number that's very hard to order, frankly speaking)  rice sticks, traditional shanghai snacks, it's interesting to try, but 4 is too much since the dish is  mono, it starts to get boring after the 2nd one. skip the garlic cucumber, cucumber is not marinated long enough.In general the ingredients quality is better than most of the Chinese places. I'd want to go back to try something else.
As a native Shanghainese, I will have to say that this is probably the best bet you have on having authentic XLB. Many places here in NYC focuses too much on having thin skin, but as a result the skin is brittle and fragile. The XLB at Yaso Tangbao doesn't have the thinnest skin, but it's definitely still thin, not doughy or tough at all. More importantly, it holds the soup very well and doesn't break easily. I prefer the pork soup dumplings over the blue crab ones. Since authentic crab XLB is made with hairy river crab meat, which is more tender and sweeter than blue crab meat, the blue crab XLB doesn't have the unique flavor of authentic crab XLB. For me, it's a bit too fishy. The pork ones, however, are devine. We also had the soy sauce fried rice and the drunken chicken. I prefer home-made drunken chicken, because it is a dish that takes days for it to soak up the flavor and aroma. Restaurants usually don't have the time to wait. The drunken chicken we had at Yaso Tangbao was pretty good for a self-serve restaurant. The soy sauce fried rice is nice too. The price is reasonable - you can't really compare a clean restaurant with courteous staff to Chinatown holes in the wall. I would recommend this place.
The Spicy Diced Pork Noodle Soup was awesome, a very satisfying lunch.  Tons of flavor and the perfect amount of heat.  The place was crowded and lively on a weekday during lunch time, but the staff was friendly, I got my food quick, and was able to snag a seat to enjoy my delicious soup.  I'm really excited this place opened in Downtown Brooklyn -- it is now officially added to my lunchtime rotation.  I'll be back to try some soup dumplings!
This is my favorite restaurant. The dumplings, noodles and fried rice are really tasty.  Support Apple Pay so I can pay when I am surfing.
Yaso Tangbao offers authentic Shanghainese dishes at very reasonable prices. Having lived in Shanghai for some time, I think the the pork  crab soup dumplings and the shumai were comparable with the good ones in Shanghai. The sweet-sour pork ribs were well cooked, tender and juicy. Prices were very good considering the quality of the ingredients, rapid service and the modern designed clean interior. Bonus point to the chef who explained us how soup dumpling are crafted! Overall it was a pleasant and authentic Shanghainese dinner, something everyone has to try! I will definitely come back again to try other dishes!
Delicious and authentic food. Slightly on the pricey side for the amount that you get, but a great addition to this neighborhood. I went there with my husband for dinner on a weeknight a couple of weeks ago and we tried an assortment of dishes including the crab soup dumplings, the ma pao dofu, garlic cucumber salad, and the room temperature chicken dish (forgot the name) - all was delicious. The atmosphere is modern and warm, and the community tables make for easy and comfortable seating even at crowded times. I would give it 5 stars if it weren't quite as pricey ($45 to feed the 2 of us with no alcohol) but it is definitely great to have a place like this in the neighborhood when you don't feel like taking the F train to Manhattan Chinatown.
Great Shanghai soup dumplings! The mapo tofu, however, came out a bit strange. It was served over rice and barely had any sauce. The sauce it did have was not spicy (having traveled through China, I like my mapo HOT). It came with a fried egg on top, which was a bit overdone. Overall, clean and friendly service / ambiance!
Awesome food for the price! Great low-key option in otherwise the sort of destitute food hole that is the Metrotech area. Very happy it's there!
Second time here. The place is in good decorations. I really like the soy milk and xiaolongbao here. Some traditional cold dishes are also delicious. The noodles and shengjianbao is just so so. As a shanghainese I think overall it's the best shanghainese restaurant around this neighborhood and the price is fair.
Very impressive. The service was fast, the food delicious. I had a vegetarian crispy noodles dish. It took me a while to figure out what to order because this is not a regular Chinese food. They do not have a lunch special so it may throw you off and its pretty pricey.  Definitely recommend it.
Went with a group from work.  Very good Soup dumplings, both pork and pork and crab.    Restaurant was packed 10 minutes after opening.  Fried spring rolls were cooked at too low a temperature and were somewhat soggy.  Bao were excellent, soups were excellent.The whole crew eat for under 12 a person.We will be back.
I had the soup dumplings a couple weeks ago and then today I tried the braised pork meatballs over rice with eggs. The soup dumplings were very good, although I do feel like an order is pretty expensive compared to other places I've been in Flushing and Manhattan. The meatballs over rice with eggs were very good, and I splurged and got some of the chili oil (which I don't actually think should be an upcharge item) and it was delicious, although it brought my lunch cost to $14. The pork meatballs were perfectly cooked and flavorful. The eggs were a little overdone, but nothing to freak out about. Overall, I will visit again, as everything on the menu looks amazing, but this spot is too expensive for more than once a week. Check it out, it has great food and is very approachable for anyone not familiar with Chinese food (not me, but most of my coworkers).
Easily the best dumplings I've had in Brooklyn. Unsure if it's a match for the soup dumplings at Joe's Shanghai, which were heretofore my favorite, but they left absolutely nothing to be desired: adequately soupy and flavorful, with unique flavors between the pork and crab options, which is rare in soup dumplings. The buns too were incredibly juicy and delicious. Order as many of the dim sum options as you can; the sampling I had was tremendous.
To keep it short and to the point:  This is one of the best places I've ever eaten.  BEST soup dumpling ever - Trust me!
Yaso Tangbao is a great place for a casual bite to eat in stark contrast to its surroundings. The soup dumplings are solid- steaming hot and juicy as expected. I also tried the beef noodle soup and mapo tofu, both of which were tasty. The sweet pumpkin cakes were a nice surprise; while not very flavorful, they were subtle and had a good chewy texture. I'll be back for sure to try more of the menu, but so far this has been the most legitimate Chinese food I've found in this area of Brooklyn.
We loved this spot!  Super fast service and addictive food! The Juicy Pork Bun with crab meat tastes amazing.  Unlike those more "formal" Shanghainese dining places, this is where we could just stop by having juicy buns on our way home for a quick snack or take out without waiting for 45 minutes. Will certainly be back soon.
Loved this place. Went with a group and ordered practically everything on the menu--plus multiple courses of the soup dumplings. Everything was great and the staff was very friendly. Excited to have this place in the hood. Definitely a great spot for takeout!
Excellent dumplings, soups, etc! The place is very clean and nothing seems like too small of a detail for them to excel at. Recyclable paper containers for takeout, very nice interior and everything is fresh. You can watch them making dumplings in the kitchen while you wait for your food. And the food... wow! The dumplings are to die for and the noodle soups are unbelievably good.  Soups that contain meat, like the meatball or spicy pork are especially good because the meat is always tender and succulent - never chewy and tough.  I can't say enough about Yaso.  Its definitely worth the trip.
Tangbao tastes good. However, it is not considered as typical Shanghainese Xiaolong. Worth my trip. However, it does not remind me of my hometown, Shanghai.
As good  tasty as the soup dumplings are, but the size of it is less than desirable - They're pretty much bite size...And the cost for it... $8.95...No thanks.Oh, and as good as the Mapo Tofu dish looks, there is zero taste to the entire bowl...:-(
Ordered the wrong dish. Menu is placed on the side of the Wall partially behind the counter. Very confusing. Be careful when you order. I ended up handing back my uneaten food for them to trash.
I came here for soup dumplings and was not disappointed. Got the crab and pork, both great. I like that you can go watch the chef make each order by hand through some glass. Tried some short ribs, meh. Stick with the dumplings.
A bit pricey for the servicing size.  Tasted ok but not all that authentic.  but for the area, it's good enough.
The food is delicious from a native shanghainese's perspective. Very authentic. The staff are very friendly. We went there during the Chinese New Year weekend, and the staff gave my son a monkey toy!
Cheap, delicious, and the real thing. Bao and soup dumplings are the biggest winners, but I haven't tried anything that disappointed. Nom nom nom. I'm obsessed.
Surprised to see so many reviews already considering that they've only been open for a week. To be honest I expected a long wait, bad food and disorganization since YT is so new. But these reviews well deserved. They're running a pretty smooth operation as far as I can see. Prices were affordable and it took less than five minutes to receive my order. The food? I was pleasantly surprised by both the authenticity and quality. I couldn't be happier to have a proper Asian joint in Downtown Brooklyn. Welcome to the 'hood, Yaso Tangbao.
Truly an offbeat location, but the food is wonderful and apparently authentic. Soup dumplings the meatballs even the cucumber salad are all recommended.
Pretty decent food here at OK prices. The pork dumplings are delicious. The soup is pretty good. Will come back for more.
Big fan of Soup Dumplings and other similar fare, this wasn't anything great. The curry chicken in pan fried noodles was tasty but meager portions. For $10 and mostly vegetables, next time I'll pass.The soup dumplings were nothing special. They are heavy on the sesame oil. With Chinatown a mile away, spend the extra 10 minutes on the subway or a car and go to one of the local spots on Pell Street
If you like authentic steam dumplings, this is where you need to be. The skin is thin, meat filling is juicy and with rich hot soup oozing into my mouth. Just like the way it is in Shanghai. Other street foods are great addition to the menu. The curry chicken is surprisingly tasty! Tender, juicy and flavorful. Travelled all the way from Manhattan over and worth it! Much better than joe's Shanghai.
Stopped in for lunch during the soft opening and got the pork rice and soup dumplings--both excellent (though some of the soup seemed to have leaked from the dumplings). The dumplings came with a delicious vinegar. Portions were generous and the service was quick. Will be back.
Soup dumplings were very good although I wish the broth was a bit more seasoned, but still they were very good with a generous amount crab and pork. Beautiful, warm, comfy interior as well.
Best Chinese restaurant I have been to in NYC! Definitely try the spicy pork soup dumpling and shrimps! Dishes come out fast and service is great! Great ambiance!
Really great place. A change from the other restaurants around here. They should add restaurants like this around here. Up the place even more. Great service
Came here during my gap because I found out this place has just opened up. Nice to see that a Shanghai restaurant open up but I feel like everything is a bit overpriced and the portion was quite small.
They serve Shanghainese style snack food, as well as some rice dishes here. Order the soup dumplings and wine chicken! Sesame cold noodles are a bit on the sweeter side. The noodles were a bit hard, perhaps they keep the noodles in the refrigerator. It didn't have the chewiness you normally would find in Chinese noodles. Overall, this place is highly recommended. Spacious dining area, fast and friendly service.
You would think for a new place on the block, that this place would try to please all your needs. Unfortunately that is not the case. I came into the restaurant to get a seat 10 mins before they closed after calling ahead and they wouldn't seat us. Totally bullshit. When you close at 10, you close at 10 and not 10 mins before. I hope the manager reads this and tells his staff to not leave the job early. Was so turned off will not go back to try it. Cutting corners isn't the way to do business in NYC. There's a million other places to try. Take note!
Great new addition to the neighborhood. Casual, fast and easy. Ribs were delicious! Cold noodles were ok. Soup dumplings were great.
Good soup dumplings but Joe's Shanghai is better. Noodle soup is good too. Skip the chicken curry.You can technically order out but for soup dumplings - don't, they're made to be eaten hot.
This place is absolutely a great place for Shanghainese street food lovers like me. As a Shanghainese local, Yaso Tangbao gave me wonderful dining experience and food quality the SAME as I had in Shanghai. It absolutely worth the 4-hour drive from DC to enjoy the food. Recommended.
Winner, winner.  I ordered the spicy soup buns, mapo tofu over rice, fried seasonal greens and spicy rib bites.  It was all delicious but the tofu was our favorite along with the greens.  The tofu was well seasoned with lots of gravy over the good quality rice and topped by two crispy edged eggs.  I only wish the yolk was not cooked until it was like a hard hocky puck and instead was done medium, so that the yolk could spill and seep into the gravy.  I hope it is an option I can request the next time I eat there.  The greens were bright, crunchy and garlic laced.  The pork ribs were flavorful but I wished they had drained some of the oil it was cooked in.  Soup buns are always fun and these had the perfect tenderness yet strength to hold the hot spicy broth!
Great soup dumplings (spicy pork) and held up really well on the 10-min walk home. Crispy noodle veggie dish had no flavor and was all book choy and soggy noodles. And charging extra for chili oil!?!
The set up here is very nice. Nice seating and restrooms for a quick eatery. The prices I think are a bit high--especially for their smaller side plates. There are a few vegetarian options which is great, but I wasn't blown away. I would not recommend the fried rice sticks--not very good and definitely not healthy.
I LOVE this place!! Nice decor and it's clean. You can watch the soup dumplings being made!                           We've ordered almost everything and they are amazing! The Braised Pork Meatball over rice is my favorite! Very juicy and soft! You can't find it elsewhere. I've tried many Chinese restaurants and the soup dumplings here are the best! I can't wait to go back soon. ;)
Not bad considering the location but how I wish they do more authentic dishes...!  The mapo tofu had no Sichuan numbing peppercorn powder and is just bland... Them seem to think that they need to cater to certain American taste but common! This is Brooklyn! People love authentic flavor!!
This place was okay. The prices are reasonable, and it's a great location, but I found the food to be just okay. I had the soup dumplings, the crab pork dumplings, and vegetables over crispy noodles. The meat in the pork dumplings was delicious, but the soup inside was so-so. Crab pork dumplings were good. Again, meat was great, but soup was nothing to rave about. Would probably not come back.
The soup dumplings are awesome. I also loved the subtle sweetness of the pumpkin cakes. The pan fried pork buns were crispy on the bottom and fluffy on top. Not particularly generous on the filling. It was just enough to be satisfactory. I had the beef noodle soup too. The soup was very light. The bok choy and meat worked well but I felt the noodles overwhelmed the soup. A heartier soup base would have made it an excellent dish. Needless to say, I ordered too much. I have a hearty appetite. In hindsight, I would have left out the soup and split the pumpkin cakes with someone. The food items are pricey for what you get. 4 dumplings for 5-7 bucks is steep. Normally you get 6 at any other soup dumpling shop in Chinatown. 4 bucks for two pumpkin cakes is over the top. My bill was 30 bucks. Minus 1-star for pricing but it's understandable given the location and lack of competition for residents within a 2 mile radius. I would go back if I were really jones-ing for soup dumplings or a snack but for a planned dinner, I'd stick with Sunset or Chinatown.
While I am normally wary of Chinese restaurants due to their use of MSG - and its consequential migraines - Yaso was a good surprise. The portions are very big and filling. Good quality meat. The chicken is clean cut chicken with no nerves. On different occasions, I've tried the chicken curry on rice and eggs, the pan fried buns, and the braised pork meat balls soup. All three were very good and filling. I also tried the soup dumplings for the first time; the eyes of the staff were on me, curious to see how I would handle the mission of eating these juicy treats. I ended up eating them with my bare hands. The soup dumplings were delicious and I provided free entertainment to the staff. They are tricky to eat with chopsticks, so I picked them up, bit the top off, and drank the broth off them. Then I popped the rest of the dumpling in my mouth. I'm pretty sure that's not how you eat them. They were amazing. You could split in half one order and feel just fine. The appetizers are conspicuous too, and they may make up a meal. It is reasonable priced. They do not serve tea or coffee...just soda and water. I like to take out because my house is very close and I do not feel like always drinking soda.Service is very nice and the menu is easy to navigate. They offer few items, but they are cooked great.
Excellent noodle spot! The spicy diced pork noodle soup was on the money! Going back there tomorrow! Only negative is you have to order online for pickup and delivery, no orders taken over the phone.
Pretty good considering the neighborhood has very limited options for good Chinese food.  Shao Mai was weird, don't get it
Pretty good, but thought it would be even better given the hype.
The ribs were sweet and feel apart in my mouth.   A surprise find in the neighborhood, it's part of the creeping gentrification.
The soup dumplings were amazing... which is why I tore through two orders just for me! The only item I didn't like was the soy milk soup... which was suggested to me as an alternative to tea.  Perhaps if I'd been expecting a chunky soup I would have enjoyed it?
Very tasty and quick.  I ordered the spareribs, which were excellent--marbled with fat (but rendered down) and they had a sweet and tangy sauce.  I also ordered the cucumbers which were nice and briney.  Finaly I had the crispy noodles and vegetables--fresh bok choy, mushrooms, etc.  No hassling with Chinatown and the food here tasted very authentic having been to Shanghai a few times for work.
My friend sent me here she was raving about it I value her opinion so I turned up for lunch. I had 4 dumplings - and a small soup. Both dishes were okay nothing to rave about and expensive for what I got. My main problem was with the staff: snooty- I asked how big the various dishes were and what they were and neither of the two women I asked were helpful - it's as if I should know even though this restaurant has only been open for a few weeks - I felt like I was bothering them. I work on Willoughby and my co workers were excited when I came into the office with the bag but they were all unimpressed by what I revealed. Shame because Downtown Brooklyn's lunch choices are so boring this place could have been the light I was looking for. I was put off by the people behind the counter making the dumplings were not wearing gloves. I won't be back.
This place is excellent. Fresh and delicious food with standard favorites and Shanghai specials. It's the real deal.
nice solid shanghainese restaurant in an interesting location in downtown brooklyn. the soup dumplings are probably the best item on their menu and their noodles are pretty decent too. minor ding - the plastic chinese spoons detract from the experience of the dumplings a bit.
Staff very friendly once you place your order .. You do have to wait a few mins ..Great place to sit down and eat ... Had the blue crab and pork soup dumplings ( four which is a good size for me cost 6.95 ) the dumplings very tasty moist and juicy ..
I work in the area, so how excited was I for these place to open.  Waited for a while for the crowds to die down. (I'm pretty sure it won't)( This place was a hole in the hole, I think Asian City.  I was jumping up and down when I saw the sign go up.  Shanghai Street Food.  Trumpets playing, Confetti in the air, hooray.  Finally got a taste,  didn't even bother to take pics, so excited.  One of my pet peeves, paying for bad food.  This was a huge disappointment.  I work a block away, dumplings was not even warm.  I was suspicious when they said food would be ready in 5 minutes.  But what do I know, I don't run a restaurant.  Crab/Pork dumplings - Costco frozen dumplings taste better than this.  How do you have dried dumplings, with no juice.  Isn't that why it's call soup dumplings.  Yes, I stand behind that statement.  Look at other Yelpers' pic, so small.  Don't get me wrong, it's edible, but 4 for $6.75, ever time after this, I'll walk down 2 short blocks and have Golden Fried Dumpling at 192 Duffield St.  Four dumplings for a dollar, 10 for 3.00 for boiled. They have so much more flavor.   Also got the Braised Beef noodle soup,  We were tasting the noodles, tasted like Ronzonni spaghetti,  Hey, Hey, that's what everyone at the office concluded.  So I'm not making this up to be a jerk.  Most of the pieces of beef that everyone had was extremely chewy, not in the good way.  The broth was missing everything, what you might asks? FLAVOR.   Another yelper wrote that the E. chef is from Joe Shanghai.  I find that extremely hard to believe, and if this is true, that's very unfortunate.  (Boss Man, no need to reply here, Y.T. will be successful regardless of my opinion.)
The braised beef noodle soup is fantastic! Soup dumplings are also very good. Nice fast service too
I had this place bookmarked for a while after seeing a video featuring the restaurant on Facebook. I got to go one afternoon with my mother, and it was nice, but not the most memorable dining experience. I haven't really had any pull to go back there, although I am often in the area. Not to sound like a crotchety old lady, but I personally would recommend not going around the time schools let out. There are a couple of schools in the area and there always seem to be crowds of teens being loud and taking up unnecessary amounts of space. If you don't much mind that, then you can ignore how much of a boring, irritable adult I'm becoming. Anyway, back to the food. I loved the soup dumplings I had, although they still do not beat these dumplings I had in a restaurant in Manhattan once, the name of which none of my friends nor I can remember. I also really enjoyed the veggie dumplings--very flavorful. They have a pretty good selection of beverages here, and I didn't think the prices were too outrageous. Nice place, nothing wildly exceptional about it though. I guess it was a little hyped up in my mind from the video I saw. I had a fine time. It didn't take very long for my mom and I to get our food. We ate at one of the benches against the wall, and had access to an outlet, so points for that. My mom wasn't too happy with the fact that some of our food was served on to-go/Tupperware lids and such. That did seem like a pretty cheap move. All in all, nice place. I wouldn't write it off to anyone, but I'm not dying to drag anyone here again either.
Wow what a great place. They display the menu in pictures so you know exactly what you're getting. At first, I wished the prices were a little bit cheaper, but when I got my food I realized what huge portions it was! I got the vegetable rice bowl. It tasted amazing, not too salty or fattening like "typical" "Americanized" Chinese food. I don't have any experience with Shanghainese street food and there were some parts of the dish that I did not know what it was- for example, the gluten balls or the tofu skins (which I had to go up to the counter and confirm it was vegetarian,) and they were pretty nice about it. Not their fault I didn't know what it was. They have a bunch of vegetarian options, which is nice. Lots of open seating, super fast service, and great food. I would definitely come back here.
Decent Spot Disclaimer: I am not an expert in Shanghainese street food, so perhaps my review may be a little off.After eating, I did not really see the big hype behind Yaso Tangbao. Do not get me wrong; the restaurant has a lovely setup and the service is pretty fast. Plus, the menu is pretty straightforward and ordering is a breeze. I ordered one of the spicy pork noodle soup and I found it to be kind of bland, because I put quite a bit of Sriracha in the soup. Also, the soup had a really high oil content . . . this amount of oil could be normal for Shanghainese food and it may not be a big deal for true fans of Shanghainese food.On to the staple of what brings people here: SOUP DUMPLINGS. I ordered the crab and pork dumplings and I did not get a wow factor. Actually, I was a little disappointed, because I really did not taste any crab meat in them. Perhaps, I expected a lot because of all the reviews and the fact that there slim pickings for decent asian food in this particular part of downtown Brooklyn.  I will say that the price point is not too bad for the portions of food that you receive. I believe that I paid about 18 bucks for my noodle soup, the soup dumplings, and a soda, which is not a bad deal. It's a great place for a nice bite (or rather drink) to eat but I would am not super pressed to come back . . . maybe once in a blue moon.
Ok here's the deal.Fantastic and inexpensive (fantastically inexpensive?) soups, soup dumplings and noodle/rice dishes located right next to the jay street train station in downtown Brooklyn. I don't think there's much else to say. (Mike drop?)
If I lived near here, I'd probably come here every day. We ordered the pork soup dumplings, fried chicken noodle soup, vegetables over rice, and sweet and sour pork ribs. Not saying it's the best I've had of any of those, but everything we had was super delicious. A bit on the salty side, especially the soup for the noodles and the sweet and sour pork. But I loved every bite.They don't have too many things on the menu but they do have enough that I would want to come back and try pretty much everything. All the restaurants next door don't look anywhere near as good, while this place has a nice ambiance, is very clean inside, self-service so you don't really have to tip, and plays sad love songs the whole time you eat. Probably not a great place to date, because you'd be coming back here to eat dumplings and listen to those sad songs, crying, if you broke up. :)Loved it. The dumplings are better while they are so hot they burn your tongue, so don't let them sit too long!
Ehh...not really worth the hype. Everything was okay to good but nothing was great. We tried a variety of items, XLB, shui mai, veggie dumplings, meat balls, pan fried buns and ribs. Shui mai and dumplings you can skip and everything else was okay.
Unorganized. Waiting time is too long. I ordered the soup dumping but have waited for Half hour and still not ready
The food is good but cannot believe how inefficient this store is. The operation does not seem stream lined at all. Takes more than 30 minutes to get food on a not so busy day.
Been waiting for a spot like this to open in the neighborhood for awhile. The beef noodle soup is fantastic.  The tangbaos are decent and it's pretty no frills and quick. Does the trick in a pinch! Plus there's a boba place next door that you can pick up a little beverage to complete the experience.
The blue crab dumpling tasted delicious and the pork was very juicy. I loved all of the dumplings and the soup looked really good even though I didn't get it. You order and take it to your own spot which I really like. The only problem I had was with the water dispenser. It let out water by literal droplets, so you either had to stand there for 5 minutes to fill one cup or go waterless, which is terrible when you're eating such high sodium food. Other than that I thought the food was great and the pricing was good. You can get totally full off of like $15 a person.
Yup. This happened. They were fantastic and I didn't even feel terrible afterwards. Besides juicing all over my $50 shirt, I don't regret one second of this soup dumpling. I only get soup dumplings like once a year max, and these hit the spot. Relatively inexpensive too.
We came here for a quick dinner after checking into our hotel nearby. The self serve menu offered soup dumplings, a variety of noodles and other typical Shanghai style dishes. Food was served in paper ware. We could see soup dumplings being prepared through a glass partition a la Ding Tai Fung style. It felt "precarious" eating the larger soupy dumpling with a odd shape Chinese style paper spoon (deeper) or a shallow plastic spoon. Presentation of food was good with fresh vegetables. Sure enough our dining companion squirted the soup on her clothing. The cold noodle was quite nice. The braised beef noodle soup was rather flavorful albeit in lukewarm soup. However the garden vegetable "crispy" noodle turned out to be quite soggy with too much gravy and was unevenly seasoned/ salted.
I had this place bookmarked for awhile and just found out my friend lives nearby, so we decided to eat at this place to catch up. Whooo!! Only 3 stops away from me to visit my friends and eat these little cuties.Go up to the counter to check out the menu with pictures on the wall and order. You'll be given a number which they'll call so you can pick it up. Seating is communal. It was a bit hard trying to find space for 6 people to sit at bc single/couple customers sat at the longer tables, but we managed to squish in and were cozy with one another.ORDER- Xiao long bao: comes in four's and costs around $5 or more depending on the variation (pork, pork  crab, spicy). Size was perfect. Skin is a bit on the thicker side, but the soup stays intact and is clean tasting. The soup broths in the chinatown xlb usually have so much MSG that I have a weird film coating on my tongue or aftertaste after eating them. These DO NOT.- Pan fried pork dumpling: nice crust on the bottom and lotsa sesame sprinkled on top.- Fried chicken noodle soup noodle: Bf wanted to try this. I'm not fond of mixing fried food with something wet like soup bc it defeats the purpose of eating something crispy. It just gets soggy, duh. I did nab some mushrooms and broccoli from him. Bf is excited to come back and try the other noodle dishes.Overall, the experience was pretty good, especially with great company. One complaint was the dipping dishes. They have tiny pastic cups where you can fill up with soy sauce, vinegar, and sriracha where the soda machine is. I usually set my dumpling in a bath, but here I could barely fit the dumpling on the spoon to let it rest in my makeshift vinegar bath that I carefully poured onto the spoon. I'm very precisional in my eating and don't make a lot of mess, unlike the bf, so I can definitely see many people struggling to eat with the tiny dipping dishes.And after your 10th visit of ordering more than $6, you get a free order of XLB on your next visit. So remember what phone number you give them to rack up visits.
It was a rainy day and the warmth of soup dumplings beckoned. Tbh, empanadas by Atlantic terminal beckoned also, so we opted to only have am order of dumplings each. Pork and pork/crab. I didn't care for the taste of the crab dumplings but the pork dumplings were on point. I never knew that vinegar was an option for doing but we tried it and YUM. The menu itself wasn't overwhelming by any means, although the soups they offer seemed a trifle pricey. Picture a Panera Bread 'bowl' (with the noodles and kale and quinoa) a la millenial? Yeah that pricey and a bit more. On the super plus side, any establishment that has multiple employees chowing down on their fare must be good right? Maybe it was for show bc they ask sat by the window with their screen printed tees.....
Come eat the soup dumplings (Tangbao) here!  The crab dumplings are the crabbiest I've had in all of Manhattan and Brooklyn (I have very little experience with XLB in Queens).  Most of the time, when you get the crab dumplings, the only thing that's different about them is that little yellow spot on top.  These babies...*muah!* CRAB EXPLOSION!Oh, don't forget the ginger infused vinegar.  That stuff is tart but perfectly offsets the richness of the XLB.  I sort of love that you get it from a lemonade dispenser by the soda machine*.Aside from the dumplings, they also sell rice and noodle dishes.  These are fine. I would give them 3 stars.  There's also a side of spareribs that are glistening with grease and deliciousness. So come here, get the crab dumplings. Wave at the nice lady behind the glass making the dumplings. Get another order of crab dumplings (because you only get 4 per serving and you're gonna want more than 4).  Cry with joy.  :insert sob emoji:---------*the soda machine was on it's way out when I visited so sorry if the geography changes for your visit.
I came here with my bf and his family for lunch. I'm a big fan of xiao long bao  im glad I was able to finally try yaso! It was easy to find parking, surprisingly and I do not have any complaints here.No more need to trek all the way to chinatown for XLB.
Service: (Friendly)Food: (Small portion and expensive, more importantly, didn't taste that good) Wait time: (They get to u pretty fast) Seriously, I am not impressed with their dishes and portions with the price that they are charging.
Congratulations Brooklynites, you're looking at the next Xi'an famous foods. This place has got the it factor to make it big and I am surprised how it hasn't.When you browse up the address and make it to the store, you might have some second thoughts before going in considering how it is on the shabbiest stretch of Downtown Brooklyn next to a shoddy nail salon and some unknown prepaid phone reseller. But the fun really begins when you go in.They follow a counter ordering with square checkout model quite similar to Xi'an famous foods. You know the drill, just place your order (you can even do it online) and grab a seat until your number is called. They were pretty efficient and I got my freshly made tangbao (soup dumplings) and cold noodle in a matter of minutes.And boy did I love the food. The tangbao was fantastic, the dough skin was just the right thickness, the soup still boiling hot (make sure you don't burn your lips though) and the cold noodle made a perfect complement even on a day when temperature outside leans on the low side. They give you both soy sauce and vinegar and a host of Chinese chili sauces to pick from, which is hard to fulfill at some sit-down Chinese places, let alone a fast-casual store like this. But they did it.The vibe of the store bodes well with Brooklyn, and you will be surprised how colonial Shanghai artworks blend with Brooklyn brick walls, all of which making the space even more exquisite and pleasant to visit. Come in and you won't make a mistake.
Helped a friend moved to downtown Brooklyn today and was searching for lunch. Stubbled upon this place and we loved it! It is like Xi'an Famous Food but Shanghainess. You order at the counter with menus on the wall and pick up for to stay or to go. We got a couple different things to share and were satisfied with the meal.We shared the XLB, drunken chicken and sweet and sour pork ribs. The XLB were very good. Not as oily as many other places. The skin was thin but did not break easily. Every little one had plenty of soup in them. The drunken chicken was served cold and super refreshing. It was a bit salty to our taste but in all very tender and you can taste the rice wine. The sweet and sour pork ribs are also great with just a little bit tang. It is sweet just as most Shanghainess dish should be.My friend got the braised beef noodle soup and he like the chew of the noodle and the flavor of the soup. I got the braised pork meatballs over rice and it was really yummy. The meatballs are so soft and flavorful it falls apart as soon as you bite into it. It went really well with the rice and it came with a lot of veggies and a fried egg. Price is also affordable given the smaller size of the dish. You can definitely try and sample a couple without breaking your bank. Great if you want some authentic bites when you are in the neighborhood.
I like this place, but it is a tad pricey.I mean don't get me wrong, you are getting pretty sizeable portions for the money you are paying which is always a plus.I had their avocado salad, the best ever! Fresh and healthy choice. The ingredients were freshly tasted.The only thing that gets me was the cost. Overall great food and pretty spot though.
Went there the cold noodles were good and the dumplings were decent. There is a wait time of 20 minutes because it gets so busy.
The Brooklynites of this neighborhood should considered themselves very lucky. The soup dumplings here rival the ones in Chinatown. The skin is just thick enough to hold in the juices and the juices are a-flowing. It's just enough porky fatty goodness with a hint of sweetness. It's magical and with a drop of vinegar and ginger, you are in pork heaven. The real star here though is the  pan fried buns..this suckers are my fav. These little pillows of goodness will blow your mind. The bottoms are crisp and the buns are soft and tender. The meat is nicely flavored but wait there is some soup in the buns as well. Be careful, if you bite it the wrong way, you will squirt out the soup. Don't be that person. The menu is quite impressive and extensive. The bok choy shouldn't be overlooked. It's garlicky and crisp. It would benefit us all to eat some greens. It's heavy hand on the oil but at least it's some vegetables. The ribs are so tender and are sweet and savory. They go nicely with a bowl of rice. The whole meal was delicious and no, it's not as cheap as Chinatown but it's also not as far.
I have been to Yaso Tangbao couple times because of work related meetings. It's one of the few Asian restaurants nearby, and I was happy to find it in the area.Pros: 1. The taste of the Baos are good. 2. Staffs are nice and bilingual(English and Mandarin)3. Bathroom has a password, and it is clean.4. There is a big window that you can see how your Baos are made.5. Comparatively spacious with many seats.6. You can find spots to charge your phones.7. You can choose the sauces you want. Cons: 1. The Baos I got has little stuffing.2. It's a bit pricy. 3. The soup taste cheap and not that good.
Great soup dumplings! It's a a bit small so not really great for more than a few people in your group.
First review, huh... well here I go.I don't really go out much, so the only chance I get to venture out to different places is when I'm done with my classes in college. The place was pretty close by, so I decided to check it out. Didn't wait too long to get what I ordered (I believe it was the blue crab thing...), and it tasted alright. Maybe I'll come back and try something new.
Yaso TangbaoNY BK Downtown6pm Tuesday 20th December 2016Five StarsI didn't want to like this place but it's pretty amazing. It feels like Xian Food decided to open a Shanghai style eatery. You order by letter and number. We enjoyed:Y1: Pork Soup Dumplings ($5 for 4), Y3: Spicy Pork Soup Dumplings ($5.65 for 4), G5: Chinese vegetables sautéed in garlic ($5.5)N1: Beef Noodle Soup, ($11.50) and B4: Hot and Sour Soup (3.50).The dumplings were delicious and are freshly made. The skin was translucent, al dente, and had an opening at the top for ventilation. The meat had a perfect balance of lean and fatty pork. The broth was warm and unctuous. The only down side was that 3 of the 12 dumplings stuck to the paper and broke before getting to my mouth. The Chinese vegetables were crispy with plenty of garlic. The beef noodle soup was not as good as xian food's tingly beef noodle soup. The noodles were very spaghetti like, the Braised beef was tender, the mustard greens and bok choy were tasty. The hot and sour soup was mediocre but worth the three dollars. The place was crowded and the guy who shouted out the numbers for food pick up was confused. We found a bench seat along the wall. Overall very satisfying.
Authentic, clean and good value! I came to Yaso Tangbao (爷叔汤包) from searching on Yelp. I was firstly impressed by its 4-star review. When I came in, I found Old-Shanghai style wallpaper along the aisle. Then the menu, which was posted on Yelp, attracted my attention. Since they offer soybean milk and fried bread stick, which are my favorite in China, I ordered these items and a blue crab soup bun (Please see attached pictures). This dinner cost me approximately $13. The waiters are professional and nice to serve every customer. But it is a self-service restaurant so that you are expected to clean your leftovers and place plates in a designated area.Additionally, I checked in on Yelp and got a FREE wood chopsticks as promised by this restaurant. There is Peking Opera paintings on my chopsticks as well. What a surprise!Therefore, I am leaving Yaso Tangbao a 5-star review because of authentic taste, good service and special souvenir. Definitely recommend this place to you! :)
gee!! A worker here named Nelson is so handsome like a Korean star!! And he is very nice and patient with all my questions.The food he made looks very beautiful and fresh.Love the place and definitely would come here again!Hope I could see him every time I come.
The soup dumplings (xiao long bao) were great - this was my first time trying xiao long bao in the US and my shanghainese roots approved. As others have said, the dumplings are a bit larger than what I am used to. But, it did not break down (which is the biggest tragedy when it does.... watching that delicious soup seep out on the tray instead of my mouth) and the soup remained  contained even through my clumsy chopstick skills. I will definitely come here again and again to satisfy those xiao long bao cravings. We ordered N1(braised beef noodle soup) and R5 (chicken curry over rice w egg) and they were satisfying as well. But, for the price, I'm likely to return to try the other dim sum items.A note on the tables - I hadn't read many yelp reviews before coming, but it was a different environment than what I'm used to. They have long communal wooden tables and benches - I thought it would be awkward to sit next to or across strangers, but I was proven wrong. Reminded me of my grade school cafeterias (haha). It was a nice change and quite a lovely experience.
I had the vegetarian dumplings and G2... can't remember what is was called but it was a mix of gluten, mushrooms and peanuts. I love dumplings and these were not the best by any measure. My vegetarian dumplings were a little dry and the dipping sauce made it too salty. The G2 dish was good but just a little bland. It was a whole lot of gluten and peanuts thrown together with a minute amount of mushrooms. A very clean, modern setting, quick service and ok food.
I was back for the fried chicken noodle soup and their pork soup dumpling. The fried chicken noodle soup was horrible. Chicken tasted a day old and I felt like I was eating more dough than actual chicken. The noodle tasted below mediocre. The pork soup dumpling wasn't bad. Only comes with 4 pieces. Overall, my impression of Yaso Tangbao is that it's expensive for no reason and the taste doesn't deliver for the amount of money they are asking for.
Really inexpensive and delicious. The xlb are particularly good. Try everything. The vegetarian options also deliver.
Extremely authentic flavor. I haven't had Kao Fu with this flavor outside anywhere in the US. Instantly transported me back. Plenty of vegetarian options too. Thanks so much Yaso Tangbao!
Came here on a whim on a Sunday afternoon before heading to the new Trader Joe's nearby and I'm so glad I did. Now I don't have to go all the way to Chinatown to get amazing soup dumplings. I ordered chicken curry with egg but when I got my food I got something with spicy tofu and not what I ordered at all. I figured what the hell, I'll try it and I LOVED it. Thank you for messing up my order and introducing me to something new, I'll be back quite often.
Yay! We are finally here for soup dumplings. I totally recommend getting the soup dumplings and pork ribs, and noodles with beef but do not get the cold noodles with spicy pork. We got pork soup dumplings, spicy pork soup dumplings, and crab soup dumplings. The dumplings are so flavorful. Just thinking about them is making me drool again. Yum!
Why didn't they have this place here when I was still attending school in this area?? I would have eaten here for lunch between classes every day if this existed in the area, but instead, I was stuck eating cafeteria food. So, I had my eye on Yaso Tangbao because a friend of mine posted a picture of the cheese soup dumplings, so I knew I had to try them! The chef there was also former executive chef of Joe's Shanghai, back when it was not overrated. That was another reason for me to try the soup dumplings here! I came here with two friends on a Friday night around 6:00PM and it was pretty lively at the time, but not too crowded. We didn't have to wait in line too long to order. It is one of those places where you order and pick up your food at the counter when they're ready. It's not a large restaurant and most of the seating is communal style, so you'll be seated next to other guests. They have a utensils and condiments station with their house ginger and vinegar sauce, soy sauce, and sriracha (yesssss!!). We didn't have to wait too long for our food to be ready.I love that the soup dumplings came in fours, so we were able to try more flavors. We had two orders of the spicy pork and one order of the three cheeses and pork. We also ordered pork shao mai, sweet pumpkin cakes, braised pork meatballs over rice with eggs, and mapo doufu over rice with eggs. I really loved both flavors of the soup dumplings. I also liked their ginger vinegar, it has a unique taste and I didn't think I would like it, but I actually used it with every dumpling! The three cheeses and pork soup dumplings had a little hint of sweetness in them, but I actually liked them a lot and ate more of those than the spicy pork. The broth was nice and thin, just the way I like my soup dumplings. The skin was also thin, but not thin enough where it will break with a brush of my chopsticks. The sweet pumpkin cakes had more coconut flavor than pumpkin, which was a little disappointment because we ordered them because we love pumpkin. The mapo doufu, which was my entree, had a lot of flavor, not too spicy for me, but the egg was a little too fried for my liking. Overall, I loved it here! Their soup dumplings did not disappoint! I also liked the ambiance of the place. The downside is that it is a little out of the way for me, but I would love to return whenever I'm close by.
I keep bouncing around on the rating for various reasons, but I think four is fair.Upfront: it's not a 4 if you're traveling here to have it. It's a 4 if you're in the area and want actual Chinese food with authentic flavors.There are times when I give it a five: when I'm having the Braised Pork Meatball Over Rice or the Sauerkraut Chicken Over Rice (it's a special). Because the flavors are spot on and I'm never thinking it's missing a certain flavor. But then there are times when I actually think about the price I'm paying for it, or I'm having the soup dumplings, where they named themselves after, and I'm thinking it's a three.Or when I asked if they have cold soy milk, and they said no, but they have ice. And then said they couldn't serve it to me in a drink cup because the boss gets upset about handing out a drink cup. Just think about that. I'm paying $20 bucks for my order, and if you're selling me a cold drink, which you didn't have to even do, (because if they said I couldn't get it cold, I would have not ordered it), and yet I can't get a drink cup that a drink would normally come in that would only cost them a few cents. I'm sure the owners have margins they care about, and the kid pointing out the ice in the ice machine didn't know about that crazy rule to begin with, but that stinginess is kind of extreme. I want to be understanding about it, but at the same time, it's just a cup, bro. Give me a cup.And then I watch the ladies stuffing the vegetable dumplings and putting a sizable amount of filling in there, or thank god I can walk over to get some comfort food and I think I want to give them a five.So it's a four.
I had really high hopes for this place, but it turned out to be less than expected. Maybe my standards are too high - I was born and raised in Shanghai. I came to this place craving for some authentic taste from my hometown. After trying a few items from their menu, the verdicts are as follows:The good:1. Soup dumplings. Really good soup dumplings. If you're not a fan of super greasy broth, this is THE place. The crab ones were delightful and you can really taste the crab.2. The ambiance is trendy and casual. I also like the the fact they offer some cool craft drinks. Self-serve so no tip is required - always a plus.  The So-So: 1. Pork Shao Mai. Rice was mushy and the wrapping didn't have the chewy texture. I prefer the Shao Mai from Kungfu little steamed bun ramen a lot more. 2. Chicken Sauerkraut Spring Rolls. Definitely not authentic as people don't put chicken or sauerkraut in Shanghainese spring roll; however, it is an interest combination. Tasted decent but I wish they were crispier. 3. Beef noodle soup. Nothing exciting about this noodle soup. Noodles were soggy but the beef was tasty. The Bad:1. Wonton Soup. Soup itself was okay - the wontons were just bad...there is no flavor, the skin is too thick and it doesn't have the right texture. There is way too much meat and not enough veggie in the dumpling. 2. Pan Fried Pork Baos. Very very dry and the meat is not well seasoned. Not a fan.As such, I think this place is a solid 3 star. I might come back for some soup dumplings if I am in the neighborhood.
Way overpriced for that type of food! I have had better and half the price or double the portion. I got 3 different dishes and left hungry. Mind you, Im size Small and don't need much.  How many ribs came in the portion I asked, the answer was 8 or 9. Which technically is true, except its 1 or 2 max cut into 8 or 9 pieces. Also, had better soupy dumplings at Joe Shanghai in China town that serves 8 per order for the same price.Shanghai is a part of China, so I gather the concept of this brand is: lets call this Shanghainese, make Chinese food, reduce the portion to a bite size to make it fancy and charge full Chinese food prices. They did spend money on the brand developing, nice logo and interior decor. Its nice, but Im still hungry.
This has been in my bookmark for over a year, and here I come! I ordered meatball over rice which was super good! Probably the best around Tandon. The skins of the soup dumplings were too think to be authentic, but taste fine. Overall you can good quality for what you paid for.
Not a bad spot for the soup dumplings, but the beef noodles are below par. Nothing about it seems to be made with care or dedication. I'm not looking for a ramen style bowl of noodles where the broth is made over hours of preparation or the noodles are designed by Sun Noodles, but if it's something you want on a cold and windy day and there's absolutely no other choice, okay. (btw, Ganso Ramen is just a few short blocks away). We also had the steamed buns and Shanghai Cold Noodles, which were both okay. We still need to go back to try the rice bowls, but it's relatively pricey when you compare it to a few other places that are either better quality or same quality but more affordable and just a few blocks away.The seating is communal, so be prepared to share a table if you're down for that.After the rice bowl run, I doubt we'll head back. We dropped around $30 for four dishes. My opinion might be skewed because I still remember prices from the 1980s and 1990s for the same food, but better quality and generally lighter on the wallet (I'm taking into account inflation, folks, but still).
How did I not know there were legit soup dumplings in downtown Brooklyn? What a lovely surprise on the worst day ever (the day after the 2016 election results). The line was long when I got here on a rainy lunchtime. It went pretty quickly, though, and the crowd control seemed to be working. I had no issues finding a place to sit after I put my order in with the pleasant guy working the counter.The crab and pork soup dumplings were great. Perfect shell, not too thick but not so thin that they burst too easily. The filling was fresh and tasty and nothing struck me as greasy or heavy. I also got the hot and sour soup, which had satisfyingly snappy mushrooms and semi firm tofu. The textures were good, the flavor was just salty enough and again, I didn't have a gross heavy feeling after eating. It's inexpensive but not cheap cheap- I paid about 15 for four soup dumps, a smallish soup and a fancy soda. It was well worth it, though, and I am full and happy. I'm not from Shanghai, so I'm not the authority on authenticity, but I think this is the real deal. Bonus: they have a reward program where you can earn free dumps!
Here's my genuine review of Yaso Tangbao, and please read on if you're looking for an honest commentary from a Chinese person and someone who frequents soup dumpling shops. A young and modern take on Shanghainese street food.  Though far from authentic, it appeals to the white collar, college crowd that flocks in during the weekdays.  After shopping with my mom and aunt all day, they rewarded my dedication with food. (they know me well).  Late afternoon on a Sunday, the place was not as busy as yelpers seem to suggest during the weekdays, phew! Counter-serve restaurant with menus items pictured along the walls.  We were quick to order the N1 beef noodle soup, N3 veg noodle soup, and the obvious ~ default S1 xiao long bao. S1 xlb $5.45 for 4 pieces, the flavor was surprisingly good. Though comparable to nanxiang in Flushing, it does not justify the hike in price. N1 beef noodle soup $11.50 for a hefty portion of noodles, a few chunks of beef cubes, and pickled veggies.  N3 vegetable noodle soup was meh.Tastewise 2/5 it does not do authentic Shanghainese cuisine justice, if you have any love for Chinese food, please check out your local Chinese restaurants(-takeout). Beef noodle soup did not provide the juicy beef stew as a base, rather it tasted like they used chicken broth instead. The vegetable noodle soup was equally underwhelming as it was just a handful of seasonal vegetables sauteed in garlic and topped on a bowl of chicken noodle soup.  The XLB was the saving grace, pork juicy without being too gamy. To be frank, I entered the restaurant with hopes on the low.  However the audacity of the place to double and triple in price compared to local shanghainese restaurants, makes it me wonder if they deserve any sympathyService was A-ok.  Food has plenty of room for improvement. Price should be adjusted unless they are only looking to appeal to a very specific crowd of clienteles.  I see this place with great potential, as they seemly are already packed during peak lunch hours.  However, I also see the area with a growing potential for competition as well.
Yaso Tangbao is legit. I came here expecting a poor approximation of a Shanghainese classic, but was pleasantly surprised. Sure, their portions are smaller (4 soup dumplings to an order instead of 6), but that just means you can order more stuff!I ordered the pork dumplings and their Shanghai cold noodles. The dumplings were excellent. Hot with borderline scalding soup, and filled with pork. The skin was just the right thickness. And I don't know if they've changed spoon purveyors since the first couple of reviews with complaints, but I found their biodegradable spoons to be a-ok for the task.The Shanghai cold noodles were just okay. A bit bland, and a hint of sesame oil. Nothing to write home about. Should've just done two orders of buns.The space itself is really nice. Huge, with some communal and private tables. Definitely a great option for lunch or dinner in Downtown Brooklyn!
Hole in the wall it is not. This place looks like it just opened up, that's how clean and fancy this place looks in the inside. They have a small menu, but that's all you really need to be satisfied by their delicious food items.I got spicy pork soup dumplings and their garlic fried rice (I think it's called) with chicken cutlets. The fried rice is pretty decent, a little heavy on the soy sauce which doesn't appeal to me, but great nevertheless. The soup dumplings were tasty too, burned my mouth on the first bite from the boiling hot broth, ouch! They also sell this ginger ale soda brand which is pretty tasty as well.Overall, great food. I will be definitely coming back to try their other food items.
I've been here multiple times since I've found about this place. I think they have the best crab + pork soup dumpling in Brooklyn. The crab soup dumplings come in an order of 4 but they are bigger and more soupier than other restaurants that give you more soup dumplings. The soup dumplings are made to order and come out nice and hot and yummy. It really does have crab flavor and I love the savory soup that comes in when you bite into it.  I order this every time and have never been disappointed. I've tried their regular pork dumplings which are good but more bland to me then the crab ones. I've also tried the braised beef soup which was good to but a little pricey for what's it worth. As for the pan fried buns, they were disappointing. The meat on the inside was just slightly warm and the bottom of the bread which should have been nice and crispy was soggy. It might have been that one time I went but it prevented me from ordering it again. But see for yourself and def. get the crab pork soup dumplings.
Been here 3 times now! Quick tips:-Stick with the soup dumplings. Solid value for food considering quality and location. -most of the fried items are skippable and not that special-noodle soups are decent, the beef one has nice chunks of meat with tender tendon (obvs watch out if that's not your thing)-pumpkin cakes with coconut are surprisingly well done; lightly sweetened, tender and chewy. Not stretchy like mochi thoughOverall: For about $10 you can have a nice lunch. I'll probably be back and will keep updating regarding various menu items.FOOD: -Drunken Chicken: very tender and juicy but the poaching liquid was too salty so any drunken and chicken-y flavors were largely drowned out. Good potential though, could have just been a subpar batch. -Soup dumplings: The XLB were great! Soup was nicely sweet and porky, with definite hints of dried shiitake and white pepper I think. The skin was a fair thickness and the gingered-vinegar dipping sauce was a welcome condiment. -Chicken sauerkraut spring rolls: well fried but very little filling. Flavor was good, but again, very little inside. Not worth the price.-Pan Fried Pork Bao: a little on the oily side, dough was very well risen. Pretty big overall though. Still would say the XLB are more satisfying, even if not as filling.[4.5/5]SERVICE: Fairly quick; there was about 5 orders in front of me and I still got my food within 10 minutes. The people taking orders were polite and repeated my order back to me to make sure everything was correct. [5/5]ROOM: Nice looking place, very trendy and woody. A decent amount of seating, I'd guess the room could probably fit 30-40ish diners at max. Lighting is a bit sparse and there's a bit of a bottleneck next to the condiments and trash. Beware hitting your legs on the table legs- hurts a ton, trust me. [4/5]VALUE: Decent value. It takes real craftsmanship to make XLB and Yaso did not disappoint. I've been to the king of XLB, Din Tai Fung, and while DTF's XLB are arguably better, Yaso's are satisfying. Other menu items aren't as good as a value. [4/5]
I found this place during my break for Jury duties. I ordered the Blue crab with pork dumplings and a spicy diced beef noodle soup and it was delicious. It was a bit crowded but overall it was really good. The blue crab with pork dumplings came in 4 as a order. On the inside, it was really juicy and full of soup. For me, it was worth the price. I would like come here again to try the other type of noodle soup and dumpling or even the dessert that they serve.
Tried this place over the weekend. Not high quality, but not low quality either. Pretty middle of the roadThe cold sesame noodles had very little sauce if any so don't bother ordering. Soup dumplings (pork  and crab) were a bit oily and not great consistency. Try it if your in the mood for better than slightly average food
Xiaolongbao and shaomai were very good. This is a fast service restaurant where you seat yourself. Order comes in pretty fast and food tastes quite authentic. Ordered cold peanut butter noodles which were not up to par, but otherwise no complaints.
Stopped by when the restaurant first opened. On the positive side, dining area was clean, staff was courteous and there is a soda refill machine. On the negative side (and this is a big one for me), everything is expensive and overpriced. In addition portions are small. I did NOT get any of the dumplings which is what the place is known for.  I got the braised beef noodle soup. It was $11.50 before tax.  I got the order to stay. The noodle soup was generally OK - not the worst I ever had and definitely not the best. For 11.50 plus tax it was completely underwhelming. In addition, portion size was very small and was still hungry after. I would come back again to try the dumplings (which look expensive as well) but my first impression - expensive food (for what it is), average quality, clean space. Good luck to them.
I'd describe this place as modern, fast casual dim sum eating meats Taiwanese tea house eats. The dumplings were good but I'd pass on the meatballs.
While working in Downtown Brooklyn, you're surrounded by typical franchise eats and other goodies, but this is definitely my go-to spot for Asian food. I get the Mapo tofu rice while my friends get the pork katsu. Then we share the soup dumplings and become bao (not only is that the Chinese word for bun, but with a different tone, it means full). Thank you for opening up and completing my life. Please order in advance if you don't want to spend your lunch waiting on a long line.
I walked in on a rainy day and I was glad I did. They have a pretty decent menu in terms of size and variety. They have delicious dumplings of which I tried the crab and pork, traditional pork, sticky rice shumai, and fried pork. They also have soups which I will try the next time I come in as they looked delicious. I also got the garlic fried rice which was great. All in all, it cost me around $30 which is honestly not bad as I was really really full and didn't eat again the rest of the day. I could have done with maybe 2 items and spent around 10-12 bucks.
I didn't get to try the pork buns, which is what I came here for, because the wait was said to be 15-20 min. It was during lunch rush on a Wednesday so that's understandable and I appreciate being told that upon ordering. It's cool seeing them make the food. I ended up getting the sweet  sour pork ribs and a hot and sour soup. Both were delicious. The ribs really were extraordinary. I only wish the place was bigger.
Ordered the garden vegetable with rice, not a big fan. It's only alright. But I guess it's pretty good for a fast food place. It's a quick and easy meal, but it's not as amazing as it looks in photos honestly. Quite disappointed. Not worth $10. You can pay cheaper for the similar or better food honestly.*Disappointed*
Finally got to eat at Yaso Tangbao - thank you jury duty!  Overall a satisfactory experience but not 5 stars:The good- service is pretty quick  friendly,  you can watch the dumplings being made up fresh. Good selection no matter what your dietary preferences. Pleasant surroundings. Recyclable containers. Bao were excellent. Soup dumplings were good, but not quite Flushing/Chinatown good. Prices were generally reasonable for the portion.  The bad- it's super loud. You have to not mind rubbing elbows with strangers. The spicy cucumbers had no spice  were ridiculously over-priced @ $5.  I can make them far better myself for about .75.   I'll definitely come back though to try some of the soups.
Quite solid XLB but pretty terrible cold noodles. I'm still giving it 4 stars because you should just not get the cold noodles. The chewiness of cold noodles is probably my favorite thing about them, but I guess to try to achieve this texture they figured maybe they'd just cook it halfway. But that means you're just eating super undercooked noodles.Anyways, the XLB have a fairly thin skin and the soup inside is pretty tasty. As with most XLB, I'm never quite sure I can taste the crab when you get the fancier of the two varieties.
I happened by chance to walk past Yaso Tangbao and decided to eat dinner here. And then I've returned every time I'm in the area around dinner time. Prices are reasonable, but after eating the mapo tofu I ordered, I thought not the best deal in terms of value. It wasn't the best or worst mapo tofu I ever had, but it was still a little disappointing. I ended up adding a bit of vinegar and soy sauce to liven it up. I've also tried the meatballs over rice with eggs which was a good staple meal. I highly recommend the soup dumplings (I got spicy pork) which were great for a no wait, non-specialty spot. Each one had a good amount of soup, tasted porky, and was just overall comforting and delicious to eat. Ask for the vinegar with the ginger slices, since they don't offer it on the self service counter anymore. It's clean, with helpful staff, and they sell really cute shirts with an old-man-dumpling character. Also you can sometimes spy on the grandma's pleating up dumplings in the kitchen (adorable). The chairs are kind of clunky and uncomfortable, but there's plenty of space and hardly ever crowded during dinner, so it's not as bad as it could be.
really yummy!!! First time trying cold noodles of any kind and it was pretty refreshing and tasty. I've had pan fried buns in the past, but these were beyond comparison; perfectly crusted on the bottom but soft when you take that first bite. The soup dumplings are pretty good, but I wish they had more variety in general and not just pork everything.
A little overpriced but totally worth it. One of my favorites is their fried rice and meatballs. It's more authentic then any of the other places in the area. I haven't tried their soup dumplings yet but they seem to be pretty popular among the crowd. I bet their awesome too!
Soup dumpling was one of my favorite dishes back in China and I always struggle to find a decent one that could bring back my memory back at home. Joe's Shanghai is close, but the soup base was a bit too greasy. Therefore when my friend recommended Yaso Tangbao to me, I knew instantaneously I need to try it out. I'm so glad I did!Even Though Yaso does not carry a long menu, each single dish I tried was hearty. Besides my personal favorite blue crab with pork soup dumplings, which were flavorful yet not too greasy; the garden veggie dumpling was a sweet surprise, as the chopped carrot was able to absorb the meat juice completely. Without hesitation, we ordered the sweet pumpkin cake - I could literally feel the coconut sprinkle falling out of my mouth! I simply wish I could eat more!Physically located in Brooklyn, Yaso can be reached by taking the subway conveniently. If you are a big fan of soup dumpling, Yaso hands down!
This is my first Yelp review. But this place and the owner totally deserve to be my first review. It is 9:35 pm and I'm waiting for my order right now.Yaso is right next to my college so I usually come here for lunch. Tonight though I came with my friend for dinner, without checking when it closes. I saw a person ordering before me, and when he was done I stepped up to order. The cashier told me that they were closing, and apologized. I expressed disappointment and walked out of the place, because they accepted an order just 10 seconds before me. We were discussing where to go when a guy came literally running behind us and asked us to come back to the restaurant. He was the owner of the place, he apologized and even gave us a 10% discount. I love this place even more now. Keep up the good work!
Meh. This is not exactly fast food, maybe  extremely informal dining. There's a walk-up counter and a few long tables for communal eating. I recommend getting this food for take out. The food was just alright. I know Chinese food is usually salty, but it's usually balanced with other flavors. This was not. Just salt and grease. Also, I asked for a little less of something, I can't remember what, in one of my dishes and the employee treated me like I slapped his grandma. I won't be coming here again unless I want a bowl of greasy salt on a bench with a bunch of strangers.
Go try the soup dumplingsPros: soup dumplings are good, also try the blue crab soup dumplingsCons: other menu item are overprice and doesn't looks as appetizing. The owner decides not to use AC on the 85 degree afternoon.  The drink menu is limited, seating does not have the best arrangement.-A
I was in the area for work and used Yelp to find a place for lunch. I was surprised to see a place like such come up in my search. I ordered the braised pork meatballs over rice with eggs. Delicious! The meatball had great flavor - tender and juicy. It's quite pricey considering the dish consists of two meatballs, white rice, and a fried egg. The portion size is big so it (kind of) justifies the price.I will be back to try the other items on the menu.
I love this spot. When my man and I were finishing surfing the books of sea. We felt hungry and we were in BK. So my man, who is a Shanghainese, suggested that we could check out this new spot. He heard it from his old school mate. Then tang bao was cute and yummy, price is great and I love the wood decor.
Great ambience and superb food. I made a decision to try spicy diced pork noodle soup  and yes it was delightful. Sadly though, the chicken fillet noodle soup was typical. My visit here was interesting. I will come back here.
This place has great soup dumplings!! Really enjoyed dinner here. The atmosphere was nice and the food was fresh and had great flavors. Will definitely return
Facebook advertising sent me here... ever on the quest to find good soup dumplings, I had to check this place out. Yaso is a small eatery specialising in Shanghai cuisine.Tldr: Be sure to ask for black vinegar and ginger when you order soup dumplings. Skip the hot and sour soup and kau fu. The food here is for a sweet palate.On entering, it's not a regular service restaurant, rather a lunch-counter style order-then-self-serve, quick eats place. If there's one word to describe the food, it's sweet. I understand that Shanghai cuisine is more sweet, using more sugar in its recipes, the food here is too much so. The cuisine is also known for heavy use of soy sauce, and my food was just too sweet.Hot and sour soup is made with chicken broth, as is common from the region, but was neither sour enough nor spicy. I see they used chilis for the heat, which is far from the normal white pepper powder. It's a whole different experience. It was okay, at best, and as far as Hot and Sour soup goes, it was bad. Adding some of the house vinegar sauce helped.Kau fu, marinated and fried wheat gluten is another classic shanghai dish. Again, it was far too sweet and the by the colour it was very clear that only a little soy sauce was used. I wouldnt order either the soup or kau fu again.The dumplings were the main affair, I ordered the normal ones and also the crab ones. Each comes in a teamer with 4 dumplings. The skin was supple yet sturdy enough to withstand being picked up my chopsticks, and also were very juicy. The soupiest soup dumplings I've had. The meat in the plain pork ones seemed again to be lacking seasoning, but were otherwise okay. The crab dumplings were a hit for me. Definitely present was the crab flavour, which many places in chinatown skimp on. I was a little disappointed that they didnt have black vinegar and ginger strips, but it turns out you have to ask for it separately, according to a small text on the vinegar dispenser. The vinegar I used was sweetened lightly and was for dumplings. Oops. It was still alright though.Overall, it was an okay experience. I wouldnt go out if my way to come back, but it's a nice option when I'm in the area.
Food took forever to come. Was number 86 .. other orders were called and when I went to ask the worker replied with " we are making it" in a rude way. The food wasnt even that good. I only ordered 2 things..
Quality!  The spicy XLB were particular good, as were the cold sesame noodles. The soy garlic noodles were a bit bland for my pallet, but my kids loved them.  Worth a subway ride for quick reasonably priced casual eats.
I was really excited to finally be in the area to try out  the newest Shanghai hotspot located in Downtown Brooklyn. It was afternoon/lunch time, Downtown Brooklyn is filled with other businesses, companies and offices so I knew there was going to be a wait. Since I had a time limited lunch hour, I decided to order pickup online via ChowNow. ChowNow is the ordering online system specifically used by Yaso Tangbao in which all of the sale revenue will go directly to the restaurant instead of other commission based takeout systems. Ordering online definitely saved me a lot of time because I just walked in and my order was ready. I was really happy that my order was ready since I'm 15 minutes earlier than the time I specified, however if I wasn't early, that would've meant I would be receiving cold, soggy soup dumplings by the time I get to eat them. My order was just sitting there all packed, not  anywhere within a warm atmosphere. And I believe hot soup dumplings is the best way to go. Just to justify the restaurant on their end, they do highly recommend customers dine in when ordering soup dumplings (on the ordering system). I did consume my soup dumplings inside the restaurant and it was warm already. I'm glad everything kind of worked out for me overall with the timing but c'mon what if I really was picking up the time I specified, I would not appreciate my order made too advanced of it's timing so I would like to conclude that Yaso Tangbao should work on their timing because pickup is eventually a big part of your business. I have no idea how long my soup dumplings were sitting there for. The restaurant is a self-serving kind of business, I guess you can say Chipotle setup style. You walk and the line is on your left with many communal seats and tables for you to sit at with friends or independently. Then the pick up area is in the inner right side from the entrance. All utensils and condiments are located at a side station with a trash compartment for you to self-clean (or not depending on how much etiquette you have) the menu is really close up by the front of the line, which kind of does give customers the opportunity  to think about what to order until they get up close to the register. However, the menu is nicely printed with pictures to match along each description. The paper menus are also located in the front by the register. The pork soup dumplings and blue crap soup dumplings were amazing, not the best I've had but I'm very glad to have tried it. The cost to keep this place running is probably costly so that makes it hard to make the prices on the menu more affordable. In other words, I would still rather eat my soup dumplings in Chinatown where it's a better portion for a better price. I can't be having a single $20 Lunch a habit. The drunken chicken was very disappointing, it was a total waste of $5 for a few tiny pieces of disappointment.
I'm predicting the soup dumpling revolution to start making its way into popular American diets in the near future and if you're looking for a place to invest Yaso Tangbao may be a good place to start. It was exciting to check these off my bucket list and the dumplings were all that I had dreamed of. Initially I expected a hole-in-the-wall joint but was surprised when the space had the feel of being well established or franchised and visited by a wide array of customers. Their operation here is streamlined and clearly efficient as you can even see their hand made assembly line through glass windows in the back. The delivery style is counter service and it works well for them. The dumplings come in the traditional bamboo basket and piping hot. After one bite the flavor explosion is almost overwhelming and immediately I became addicted. I'm obviously a huge advocate for these pillows of broth to start trending closer to my hometown and can only hope the quality is as high as Yaso Tanbao!
Delicious and a TON of food in the noodle bowls. Some reviews have mentioned it being overpriced for what you get and quite frankly, where are you eating in Brooklyn??? Buns and dumplings at $5 and change which is completely reasonable. Noodle soups range around $10 which again is amazing given how much is actually in the soup. The veggie noddle soup is fantastic. I had more than enough to save a whole container of broth and veggies for the next day.
Best Chinese food in nyc! We've travelled all over the world and this us just like in shanghai if not better... it's clean, fast, and great service too. Make sure to double up on soup dumplings and pork ribs! We just hope they open more locations :)
Eaten from here twice now, once was delivery, the second time was at the restaurant for a late lunch. The braised beef soup and sweet and sour ribs are my favorite. Very comforting on a cold day.The soup dumplings are good but small, and not the best I ever had. (That honor goes to a place in Flushing.) I'm glad to have a location in walking distance when I'm craving some of the mentioned items. But if I REALLY want the good stuff, I still have to get on the subway.
I ordered the spring rolls and pork soup dumplings. The service was pretty good, a bit of a wait because of dumplings but when I asked to check up for my order they got back to me immediately!
Nice place for lunch in MetroTech/downtown area. The décor and atmosphere is totally unexpected for a Chinese restaurant. The communal tables give you the feel of the cafeteria. The place was packed for lunch!I think I ordered somewhat expensive noodle on their menu which is Beef Noodle Soup (N1) for $11.50. We also ordered Yaso Pork Soup Dumplings and Sweet  Sour Pork Ribs. They all look appetizing. The presentation was spot on!I think the noodle soup needs a little more seasoning. Braised beef was a little dry. But overall, we were happy with our lunch. Will stop by to try other stuff in the menu.
Fried Chicken Fillet Noodle soup is a must. Braised beef Noodle soup is awesome with a touch of soya. Tangbao s are really good. (Y2,Y3) A place with food for value.
I absolutely LOVE this place!I finally tried this place after several colleagues have tried to get me to come here but I was almost positive I would hate it; I was wrong.I got the beef noodle bowl and I fell in love with their style of food. It's so fresh and tastes amazing! It is genuine Chinese food ("street shanghai") and thats hard to find especially in this area. I want to come here again because I had a taste of their pork meatballs- MY FAVORITE. It didn't really taste like pork, which I rarely eat, and I look forward to having their meatball/rice/egg bowl. The quantity of food you get is worth the price. You will pay an average of about $13 for a bowl and will be full. I recommend this place to people in this area, the line always moves quickly!
I've had delivery here a few times and throughly enjoyed the pork soup dumplings. They are very flavorful and full of that yummy juice! I will be ordering again and again just for these soup dumplings!I wasn't impressed with the veggie (mostly tofu) or pork dumplings. I got another noodle dish with veggies and did not like that either. All the veggies were brown and wilted like they had been overlooked for hours. Noodle part of dish was decent.
I first heard of Yaso Tangbao from the New York City Dumpling Festival back in September 2015 and when I heard they were opening up just 1/2 block from where I used to work, I was excited! Yaso Tangbao isn't like other Shanghainese restaurants, but rather it is a counter-serve , fast-casual restaurant. An old colleague of mine tried it before I did because I decided to wait a week or so when it wasn't so crowded. I ended up coming here on a Friday afternoon for lunch with my boyfriend and boy was it crowded! There's a few communal tables along with beneches for you to sit and eat as well as smaller tables that are ideal for one person or two people and counters with seats. The service is pretty quick and the staff here are very friendly!We tried the following -Pork Xiao Long Bao ($8.50) - $8.50? That's quite expensive for the six golf ball sized dumplings we had, but at least the taste and quality was good. They were freshly made, each one squirting out a rich and savory broth with a chunky pork filling. It was absolutely delicious and went well with the soy and vinegar sauce. Chicken Curry Pan-Fried Noodles - This wasn't what we really expected it to be. The noodles were on point and very crunchy! The sauce and chicken on the other hand wasn't on point. There wasn't much taste to it and the sauce was so watered down. I don't think I would order this again.All in all, I am glad we tried Yaso Tangbao. The xiao long bao were phenomenal, but the chances of me returning here would be 50/50 only because the prices here are ridiculous and you don't really get a big portion out of the food you order. However, if your in the area this definitely a place worth checking out at least once or twice.
The decor here is nice, clean, and modern. They have free water here. The soup dumplings are ok. I ordered the one with the crab and pork and the regular one with only pork. It taste standard. I like the one from joe shanghai more and it cost around the same price but joe has dumplings. That's the only down fall. Nice spot- wish they included more for the price especially since most places have quantity of 8 like joe for similar prices.
Used to be my favorite restaurant. New menu has turned it into another Americanized Chinese fast food place. I will not be returning until they bring back the original menu.
All the hype with this cool looking place had us coming over the bridge to try this but we're a bit disappointed...the crab meat pork shao long Bao was Bao and the pan fried Bao have the same type of tasteless mushy pork...pork Shu mai was ok...my son said the pork meatballs were too salty...I was surprised they served crawlfish and was not bad.
Two words: soup dumplings. But you already knew that, right? I finally got to try this place while I was in the area. I ordered the pork soup dumplings, received the pork soup dumplings, and devoured the pork soup dumplings. Eating these were the highlight of my week and if you happen to be tired out from shopping all day and don't want Halal food or Burger King, this is a great pick-me-up coupled with some bubble tea from Kung Fu Tea in the area :-)
Yaso Tangbao serves authentic Shanghainese and has completely changed the Chinese food options in Downtown Brooklyn. You no longer need to hike to Chinatown to get your soup dumpling fix - just head to Lawrence St and the new shiny storefront on an otherwise not notable block.The crab and pork soup dumplings are perfect, with super super thin dough wraps, delectable soup on the inside, and hearty flavor. They are really good, since the chef is from Joe's Shanghai, you know they are better than legit. I've also had their pig ear salad (yummy chili oil), the crispy noodles with chicken curry (coconut curry tastiness), the Napa cabbage salad (sweet and sour and refreshing), and the pan fried pork buns, which are tasty, but not as good as the soup dumplings. The prices however are high relative to Chinatown - $7 for four crab dumplings, $9 for a plate of noodles.  Considering the really welcoming and nice fit out I think it's worth it to not go to Chinatown and deal with grimy restrooms and loud Cantonese shouting. Also, I think prices are fair relative to similar restaurants of other cuisines. I actually want to sit here and eat my noodle soup instead of take out!Hipster count here is very high, however, and I will be monitoring Yaso Tangbao for continued authenticity going forward!
Soup dumplings are definitely the highlight and the fried pork bao are a must.
I'd give this place more of a 3.5. The steep prices are a bit hard to swallow, but somewhat understandable given the location in downtown Brooklyn.The space itself has a clean, simple, modern decor. Multiple long communal tables. The place has counter service and they call your number when your food is ready. Staff was friendly when I was there too. So onto the food: the xiao long bao (soup dumplings) were quite good. Wrapper was thin, good structural integrity to prevent inadvertent breaking, and the innards soupy and flavorful. But the price - ouch. $5 for 4?! A bit tough to stomach - I know that this is downtown Brooklyn and not Flushing, but you're paying almost a 200% premium (for example just had 8 XLB for $4 at Yoz Dumpling in Queens). I also had an order of the sheng jian bao (pan friend buns) - these were absolutely terrible. Nothing like the ones I've had in Shanghai. Part of the bun on top was ice cold. Absolutely no soup inside. For those who haven't had them before, the proper way is for the bottom to be slightly crispy, the top soft, and the inside is loaded with soup (more volume than soup dumplings). It was so terrible I couldn't even eat the last one. Will have to come back on future trips to check out more of the menu.So....If you're craving some decent xiao long bao, too lazy to travel to Chinatown or Queens, and willing to pay a steep premium, the Yaso Tangbao is a reasonable place to go.
Probably the best Chinese (Shanghainese) option in all of downtown Brooklyn/Brooklyn Heights.  I know that doesn't really say much, but it was genuinely good as well as surprisingly quick.  Sure, the prices may not be as low as those found in Chinatown, but they seemed a good deal for the neighborhood.  I tried the soy garlic noodle with pork, and the pork and crab soup dumplings.  The noodles were nice and flavorful, with bits of peanut and cilantro. Soup dumplings were very tasty. although the skin seemed to break easily.  Two of the dumplings were already leaking soup before I started on them.  The filling was equal parts crabby and porky, and easily rivaled some of those I had in Shanghai.  Definitely a destination when in the food desert of downtown Brooklyn /Brooklyn heights.
This is my first time eating xiao long bao in NY. They are a little bit bigger than the ones I've had elsewhere, but they are delicious. We also dried their spicy diced pork noodle soup, stir fried veggies, and drunken shrimp (their new special). They're all very good for the price. The XLB are my favorite amongst the dishes we ordered. Overall, the place is clean and spacious with friendly staff. It's a good place to grab a quick bite!
Very good taste and nice staff. Expensive for the portion size, especially for dumplings. 4 for 6$update: wow. They've raised prices on noodle soups, not good enough for the price, sorry.
Average authentic Chinese food.Pros:Nice selectionSoupsGreat for lunchGreat for groupsAuthenticCons:Portions smallOverhyped in reviewsNoodles weren't freshPremium steak (N1) not that premium or flavorfulQA: Would I come back? No. Is it worth checking out? Yes, only if you never had authentic Chinese.Summary: Place was cool and trendy. Attracts asians and clean cut people.  I've had way better Chinese food but what I think really hurts this place is the noodles. Almost tastes prepackaged.  Let down...
Oh man. I've come here more times that I'd like to admit, but the close proximity to my apartment (and deliciousness) is hard to ignore. The spicy pork dumplings are the way to go -- I found the original pork ones to be oddly sweet. I also love the fried pork baos, the chrysenthemum tea and the spicy pork noodles....oh oh and the mapo tofu. Ok, I love the meatballs too. So happy to have them in the neighborhood!
Wow. Perfect meal: portions were ample but not overfilling, there were tons of dish options, and the taste was perfect for soup dumplings, savory and filled with soup!There was enough seating, and they had an awesome glass window in the back so you could see the chefs!
All the xiao long bao here are really good but the veggie dumpling and sticky rice dumplings r just eh. The beef noodle soup is good too
Soup dumplings have come to Downtown Brooklyn, and seeing as how I live a very short walk away, this is dangerous to my health. Because soup dumplings combine two of my favorite things in the world (soup and dumplings).As far as I can tell, Yaso Tangbao is a godsend. The place is clean and comfortable, as well as one of few places in this part of the 'hood that I actually don't mind sitting and eating. The xiao long bao (soup dumplings to you whiteys*) are on point, the mapo doufu (tofu to you whiteys) is delicious, if a bit salty, and the counter service is pretty friendly.I have a few minor complaints, but they are nothing that can't be fixed or overlooked in the face of delicious soup dumplings:1. The soup spoons provided are disposable, flimsy things. If we're eating here, why not provide some real spoons, and reduce some of the waste?**2. The soup spoons are also too small. They can't properly hold an entire dumpling, which led to my dominant female overlord (wife to you whiteys) clumsily losing some deliciousness onto the nice wooden tables. This is unforgivable, and I have since begun divorce proceedings. 3. The eggs on top of the mapo doufu were seriously overcooked. Keep the eggs runny, people. A runny egg makes everything better.4. There's no alcohol. There should always be alcohol. This includes the bar mitzvah I was forced to attend over the weekend. I don't care if they are still children in the eyes of the "law," Judaism says that kid is a man now. At least let me drink to that, even if he isn't into whiskey just yet. ___________*I know I may look like a whitey, but that just shows how much you know.**I spent my weekend hugging trees (against their will).
Ummm... yes the perfect lunch spot!!Came here for lunch with the boyf and ordered the curry chicken soup and the beef soup.  We love and are very picky about our asian noodle soups and were very happy with both of our choices.  The beef was delicious and the curry chicken had good seasoning.  We asked for extra curry sauce since we love the spice :)  They also have homemade chili oil that you can get on the side to kick up the spice more (of course we had to get it).  We of course got the soup dumplings.  Soup dumps are at the top of my favorite foods to eat and these did not disappoint for a fast/casual restaurant.  Yes the spoons are small, but don't worry about it, just eat them - you'll be fine!!The ambience/atmosphere here is also really cute.  It's communal dining, but definitely get's busy so you will get some eyes if you are lingering.
Awesome bowl of spicy pork noodle soup, and the soup dumplings are addictive (we had two orders and devoured them instantly). Can't wait to return and try more of the menu!
good hidden find in the middle of brooklyn where you dont expect to find shanghai food.ribs were tendersticky rice shui mai was savory. the rice wasnt mushy nor hardthe soup dumplings had a lot of soup in them but the skin didnt melt or stick to the steamer (not overcooked)the buns of light, fluffy on top but grilled on the bottom.also sells bruce cost ginger beer. local to brooklynservice was pleasant for a fast casual place. clean and hipsterish vibe.
The xiao long baos here are huge and delicious! Got the original pork dumpling and the spicy pork dumpling. Both are great and the spicy is the perfect amount of spice. The great thing is, you can watch them make these XLB's from scratch as they have a room on the right with glass walls so you can watch them prepare them as your wait for your order to be ready. You walk up to the counter and place your order and sit where you want. They will call your number and you just walk up to the counter to pick up your order. They also have a water dispenser on the right with water cups so you can get water as you please. I recommend!
Have been so excited for the opening of Yaso Tangbao and apparently I am not the only one - went on a Monday around 12:30 pm and most tables were full. They specialize in shanghainese street food.This review is for takeout only. My order only took about 5-7 minutes, so they are quick, even with lots of other people waiting. I tried the mapo doufu (tofu) over rice. It consists of ground pork mixed with soft pieces of tofu in a sauce, served over rice and topped with two fried eggs (yolks were hard, sadly). It was tasty and a generous portion.I also tried one of their "bites" - the shaoxing wine chicken or "drunken chicken." I've never had this dish before so maybe I just need to acquire a taste for it but I felt it was mainly fat and bone, making it hard to eat and slightly unappealing. I will absolutely be back for dinner so that I can dine in and try their soup dumplings (dine in only). They have specials going all through october (my lunch was 10% off) so I definitely recommend heading over and giving them a try!
The tang bao, what I know as xiao long bao, are authentically fantastic!  We decided to get takeout because it was late and the restaurant closes up slightly earlier than advertised  Though the signature dish was great, the noodle soup is not.  Interior is quite modern looking, and they sell their own merch.  Interesting place to try for dinner.
I stumbled upon this place while working near here, and it was just in time to satisfy my soup dumpling craving. Later on, I saw it was Facebook featured! The place itself is clean, modern, and roomy. It's not so much a restaurant - more like a quick bite for lunch. "Fast food" if you will, but a lot healthier. They have a picture menu that you can order from. I obviously came for soup dumplings so I ordered crab and plain. They were alright - lacking a little seasoning but overall okay. I've had better soup dumplings so this wasn't a big hit on my list. It does present itself very nicely though. The second time around I ordered their pork ribs which was BOMB.COM! with a bowl of rice or something, this is definitely a great and hearty lunch! I also had the spicy beef noodles which was great for a cold day. Nothing special and doesn't compare to ramen, but do-able.Overall, a great quick lunch place if you're around the area. If you're dying to check it out, I would say go once and see how you feel but I wouldn't go OUT of my way. I came here a few times because I am around the area for work and for me it's a great place to eat and a different alternative than all the regular joe places out there that the city/Brooklyn has to offer. The atmosphere is laid-back with most people including myself just sit there enjoying their lunch breaks. Place is clean and neat and food comes out fast. Presentation of food was also a nice perk too and they have to-go containers for you to take if you don't finish your food.
Finally hit this place up. My expectations were very high since everyone's pictures looked SO delicious; pictures are deceiving. I liked 1 outta the 6 dishes we ordered. I generally do not like crab meat soup dumpling but these were omg delicious!!!!!! Their pork dumpling is mediocre  the spicy pork dumpling was blah.Sticky rice dumpling was satisfying but nothing special.Garlic fried rice topped with fried chicken was horrible; there was zero garlic taste  the rice was extremely salty. It looked and taste liked it was doused in soy sauce and salt. The fried chicken tasted like it was fried in old oil and a bit sour.I wish I can say that the food was amazing but it really wasn't.
Food is decent. Xiaolongbao skins are thick which I am not used to and the fried buns are more buns than meat and bit oily on outside. Though the restaurant is clean and very nicely kept. I like that they use all recycled cutlery.
This place was awesome.  Some of the best vegetarian dumplings I've had in a long time!  Peanuts galore (if you're really that sensitive to those, I wouldn't recommend stepping foot in here) which is perfect for someone who wants peanuts on everything!   I also ordered a wheat gluten mushroom dish (with peanuts, of course!) thinking it came on noodles but it didn't and it came out looking like meat.  I asked but they confirmed it was wheat gluten and not meat.  It was damn tasty, regardless (and definitely not pork since it didn't make my stomach hurt- so yay! on no pork cross contamination in any of our veggie food)!!  Also had the soy tea eggs, since i'm a hard boiled egg fan, and these didn't disappoint.  Perfectly cooked yolks and not too salty.  My friend ordered some soy noodles which tasted like peanut noodles to me, so also was a big fan of those, too! My friend and I stayed til closing and they had those chairs on the communal tables, right quick but never told us to leave (which I would have completely understood!).  Definitely going back!
I dont write reviews often, only when the food is really good or if the service is really bad.  Today, I want to praise how good the pork soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao) are at Yaso Tangbao.  I only ordered the Xiao Long Bao and a spicy diced pork noodle soup.  Had the noodle first and thought nothing special about it, so I was thinking the dumplings are going to be so so too.  But the dumplings turned out to be amazing.  The outside breading was very thin which is usually difficult to prepare, but it was strong enough to be picked up by the chopsticks.  The minced pork inside was very tasty and cannot believe the ample amount of pork soup inside the dumplings.  I am surprised to find such high quality Xiao Long Bao in Brooklyn.  I only knew there was a famous one in Flushing back in the old days. Yaso's Xiao Long Bao is comparable to or even exceed the quality of Din Tai Fung.
The soup dumpling is probably the best thing I ever had in my life. Comfortable ambience, friendly staffs, delicious food. What else can you can ask for, I am in heaven. I am heading back again tomorrow
If you want to try some food that is out of this world... YOU GOTTA GO TO YASO TANGBO!Watching them make the Spicy Pork Soup Dumplings through the window glass is simply amazing, but once you come to their counter and pick up the Dumplings,  they're steaming Hot!!!The best part about the Dumplings is when you bite into them and sip that Hot, Juicy Soup, and when you add a little SIRACHA Sauce... BE PREPARED TO SLAP YA  MAMA... #OffTheChain! There are so many dishes to choose from that are just as awesome,  but for me, the Dumplings ROCKS!So, if are in the downtown  Brooklyn area, and you are interested in something  different. for lunch (best to get there by 11 am, not too crowded) check out YASO Tangbao,  try them for yourself...#Amazing!
Great veggie dumplings! I do like the thicker skin so that was great for me. Very disappointed with the crispy veggie noodles. The broth tasted like a seafood-esque broth..very fishy tasting. I was expecting something more neutral seeing as the dish was vegetarian. That was a waste in my opinion. Will have to come back to try the cold dishes.
Had 2 simple dishes, Garlic Soy Noodle and Pork Xiao Long Bao, and a Bruce Cost Ginger Ale with Blood Orange  Meyer Lemon. The Garlic Soy Noodle came so quick, I barely had time grab utensils and a place to sit. It's served with peanuts and cilantro. Add a little vinegar  chili sauce and it's perfect. Hit the spot.The Xiao Long Bao was great, perfect amount of soup inside each dumpling and the dipping sauce was just right. It was just the right amount for 1 person too. Not stuffed but completely satisfied. If I'm ever in the area again, I'll definitely come back.
Decent.  We got the garlic fried rice, curry over pan fried noodles, pork siu mai, and spicy pork noodle soup.  The flavors for everything did not pop, but everything was solid.  The noodles in the curry pan fried noodles were a little starchy for my taste.  The spicy pork noodle soup was tasty.  The pork siu mai was a bit odd, it only had sticky rice inside, no pork.  I am not sure if that is Shanghainese style.  The garlic fried rice had an odd taste like they dumped sugar in it.  Over all it was a good experience and a bit of a change up from the normal Chinese take out places.
Love their dumplings and 醉雞! Best Chinese restaurant in DT Brooklyn.
Best soup dumplings in Brooklyn. I also love their chicken ramen bowl. This place is byob so bring some sake or Sapporo ;)
I like the concept - casual Shangainese street food. However vegetarian options were not great. The skin of the dumplings were too thick and overpowered the filling. The cold cabbage was too sweet. The koofu was quite delicious, but needed more mushrooms to balance the seitan. I heard the meat dishes were good.
I have lived/worked in Brooklyn forever. I always stay in Downtown Brooklyn when I come to visit. This delicious dumpling and noodle joint is only a stone's throw from my hotel and I only discovered it tonight. A good soup dumpling is hard to find and this place has nailed it. Highly recommend the blue crab/pork soup dumpling. So savory and the perfect chewy texture that makes getting to the meaty center that much more satisfying. Self serve counter. Friendly and efficient staff. Communal benches for seating. Only thing missing is the beer/wine and cocktails.
Went to this place for lunch and had the braised beef noodle soup. Decent flavor for both the beef and the noodles but the texture of some of the beef pieces was a bit rubbery.  Should have tried the xiao long bao (soup dumplings), many people around me were eating them and they looked very good.
This is really a gem in an area generally lacking good Chinese food. Very good southern Shanghai style soup buns, and has a nice, clean trendy interior. I haven't tried the delivery service as it is just a short walk away.
Expensive, but tasty and good source of good food choices.  Tasty dumplings and soups and broths.  Maybe not super super traditional, but a good addition to downtown brooklyn.Lunch of some vegetable, and spicy noodles was ~$18.
Should be 4 maybe 5 stars for the food, but they lost 2 stars just for the customer service.  I ordered a 71.10 pickup for my office, and arrived early to make sure that they included the free spicy dumpling offer.  I even put the reminder in the comments section of the online order.So when I got back to the office and it was not in the bag I called back and let them know, and they took my number and name and said they would give me next time I come in.THEY THEN CALLED ME BACK AND SAID THEY CHECKED THE CAMERA AND SAID THEY GAVE IT TO ME THE ORDER. Wow!!!!  I then had to go over the bill slowly and then demanded they check the camera again.  10 minutes later they call back and go they will give me my free dumpling (ONLY 4 DUMPLINGS) again.  I go was I right??  Yes you were right.I will never got back for my free dumplings, as im still shocked you fight me over 4 dumplings for an over 70 order.  Who does that???Food wise my blue crab and pork dumplings was great and the best crab dumplings I ever had.  Loved the ribs also and my coworkers enjoyed their bowls and dumplings.Shame I will never go back as I did enjoy the food
The soup buns here are legit good. Pricey, but good. I guess that's the way this neighborhood is going but if you're itching for soup buns then Yaso Tangbao is probably as good as any place you can find in NYC.There's literally a small army of people visible when you walk into this place, working around the clock to make soup buns (I'm guessing). It's a pretty impressive operation and I'll have to come back and try the noodles and rice dishes. Check this place out!
I left a review before about how I was a fan of this business.I changed my mind.A bowl of soup...ramen is 10 dollars.  Which is fair.   I got some chicken and vegetables with a few noodles in the latest bowl.  They're using tiny bowls and you get about half the food for the same price.  What was a decent value has become a disappointment.  I mentioned it to the man serving me, and rather than offer a solution to the situation he tried to tell me it was the same size.  It's not even close to the same size, and I don't appreciate someone denying the obvious.I am finished with yaso...mostly because it's no longer a good value.  I suggest you also keep it moving.
Excellent solid reliable soup dumplings and assorted hip shanghai street eats.
I had been to Yaso Tangbao on a few different occasions and came away vacillating between love and disappointment. Both times, I came for soup dumplings and ordered a few other things. On my first visit, I LOVED the soup dumplings but disliked the rubbery peanut noodles. On my second visit, I came just for the soup dumplings and was sorely disappointed. They were a bit dried out and the portions seemed to have shrunk.It was on a night that I missed my subway stop and decided to make the most of it by picking up some takeout that Yaso Tangbao finally blew me away. I got the braised beef noodle soup, schlepped on home and didn't expect much from my bag of goodies, but when I finally dug in - WOW. The pickled vegetables, star anise-tinged broth, flavorful braised beef, perfectly chewy noodles and fresh bok choy came together for a complex, multilayered and absolutely delicious dish. Away from the allure of those soup dumplings, it seems I am finally starting to understand Yaso Tangbao's genius. Can't wait to try everything else on the menu!
The food here was great! My friend ordered the Soy Fried Rice with Chicken Fillet, which he enjoyed though he did comment it was on the greasy side. I ordered the Chicken Curry Noodle Soup and Spicey Pork Soup Dumpling, and both of them tasted delicious! I favored the soup more then the dumpling, but I loved them both. The atmosphere was casual and the service was quick. I will definitely be returning here again.
Waw. My mind was blown away... I can't believe I've been searching for some good old Shanghaiese pan-fried pork dumplings (Shen Jian Bao) in the US and I found them in Brooklyn/NY!!! I wish they could open one in San Francisco!!! It's $5-6 per portion with 4 buns. The bun's size and texture was just right, once u take the first bite, there is no super hot soup running out and burn your tongue, but a nice juicy pork filling with the right temperature. I love how they fried the bottom - it's not over cooked or burnt. It's crispy but not flaky. I enjoyed every single bite of it! Hao chi!!!
This place has awesome food, decent pricing and everything is made fresh to order during rush hour food can take up to 20 min to make, but totally worth what you'll get. It's filling. And they have a window that you can see the cooks making dumplings. When near Fulton mall, come check this place out
I like their food a lot, but I'm taking two stars off because: 1. Their youtiao bread sticks are way too hard. The first time I ordered them, the youtiao were hard as a rock and completely inedible, I'm not even exaggerating, because I really could not bite into the bread and the inside dough was just as hard. The second time I ordered, they were a little better, the outside was crunchy, but still hard and the inside was not soft either.2. Their noodles are very bland. Other than that, the rest of their food is pretty good. I like their rice dices and I LOVE their soup dumplings! The soup dumplings are the best.
Great spot right off Fulton street. This place stands out amongst the dumpy other retail tenants on the street which makes me wonder why they chose this location, but regardless it's very good.The soup dumplings came out piping hot delivered with a special soup dumpling spoon. Really would love to see this place in Manhattan as the choices are endless
It's a great day when soup dumplings are that much closer to me, thanks to the addition of this Downtown Brooklyn dumpling spot. It's also worth noting that they sell a pretty good variety of other dishes, in case you hate dumplings, although what kind of person hates dumplings? Psycho.Went here for a late lunch after a long morning of jury duty. Even at 2pm this place was pretty busy, but cleared out shortly after I was seated. I ordered 4 crab and pork dumplings, 4 pork dumplings, and a hot and sour soup. The dumplings are definitely legit. They have that delicate, thin skin and the distinct shape (with that little twist at the top). Both types of dumplings were delicious, perfectly fragrant soup broth and just the right amount of tender, meaty filling. I found the crab and pork ones to be superior to the pork ones and would probably just go with those next time. The hot and sour soup had good ingredients, but the soup itself was too vinegary. Cut back on the vinegar and it's a perfectly decent soup.It's definitely quite pricey, especially compared to any of the joints in Chinatown, but you pay a premium for a nicer, cleaner, more sanitary atmosphere, better service, and more white people eating in this one dumpling place than all Chinatown places combined on any given night.
Aesthetics of this place is cute. Looks very neat and clean with an open kitchen to see the process of them making soup dumplings.Okay food. Not as good as I expected. I was looking forward to the soup dumplings as well as the pan fried pork buns. The soup dumplings were kind of cold when bitten into it, not sure how they're regulating the temperature for this. The pan fried pork buns were okay, although the presentation was nice and the skin was okay, there wasn't much flavoring in the pork. I ordered the fried chicken fillet noodle soup as well. Best component of this dish was probably the chicken fillet, that's it.There are restaurants out there that serves better soup dumplings, in my opinion. This isn't the best.
I don't get the high reviews. I think they're trying to be hip and trendy which i guess they were. But the prices are too high and minimal dishes for a soup dumpling place... what a fail. We went here after watching a friend in the NYC marathon and we all were disappointed. Got the mapo tofu rice everyone raved about. Eh. I've had better. Soup dumplings were the best out of all the dishes we got but again. I've had better. The expensive $1.50 fried egg? Not worth it. Fried gluten. Again i've had better. And the ribs were ok... i would rather not pay so much for ok food. Service was fine. Food was super slow. Seemed to get a lot of delivery orders. They did apologize but took forever...
I was frivolously scrolling through yelp looking for lunch when I saw Yaso. At that moment I knew I had to try it out.The setup of the place is pretty similar to Xi'an Famous Foods, with self service, communal tables, and an ordering counter.I ordered the soup dumplings (Y1) and shao mai (s2). The soup dumplings were pretty good, juicy and fatty, but not super memorable. The shao mai was like little rice balls and a good filler.Overall, I wasn't super impressed, but it's definitely not a bad place to grab a quick bite.
I was very excited to make the pilgrimage to Brooklyn for this place after seeing it advertised on Facebook. Major disappointment.I ordered the regular pork soup dumplings, the spicy soup dumplings, sautéed Chinese broccoli, ma po tofu, and pork meatballs. Not a single dish was memorable, and the tofu, which is a traditionally heavily flavored dish, was so low in flavor that I didn't even wanna finish it. Everything tasted low on flavor. Worst of all, it all came out lukewarm. I'm so upset that I wasted my time and money for such a hugely disappointing place.
All 3 of the soup dumplings are amazing! The dipping sauces go perfectly with them and you can add a dash of Sriracha for some spice. My favorite is the Spicy Pork Soup Dumplings, they are medium spicy and taste sooo good!
After spending some time at the nearby NYC Transportation Museum, my wife and I decided to make a pit stop for some Shanghainese food before heading back to Manhattan. Even though it was almost 2 PM when we came in, there was a few people ahead of to order - and more folks waiting for food. While the ordering part was easy, it was the waiting that really sets back the experience a bit - it took us a full 40 minutes to finally get our last 2 dishes, from time of receipt to food on my chopsticks. Most Chinese joints I've been to never take anywhere close to that long, so something really needs to be done to make the process more efficient. We were warned that one of our dishes (not disclosed) would take 15-20 minutes, but this was far longer than expected.That said, while you are waiting, you can get yourself situated at window seating or at some of the tables that looks communal but actually has separate square stools for everyone to sit on. No privacy for sure, but once the food actually arrives, you will be chowing down in no time flat. Our first set of food was the pork meatballs and 3 orders of soup dumplings. The meatballs are absolutely fantastic - nowhere close to overcooked, but with an extremely savory sauce and tender meat that is extremely tasty...probably the highlight of the meal. The soup dumplings were quite good as well...perhaps a little more saltiness (MSG?) could have been used, but the skin was the exact right thinness/thickness, and there was plenty of soup in all of them. As usual, I just didn't end up caring all that much for the crab and pork version, but that's not a reflection of the dumplings here - just something that I keep repeating everywhere and expecting a different result. Our second order consisted of the kao fu and the pan friend buns; the former was quite good - a little more textured and spongy than others I have had, and the peanuts and veggies gave it a bit more character than just having the wheat gluten on its own. The pan fried buns were okay, but they really could have used more soupiness inside them, a la Yang's (one of our favorite joints for these kinds of buns in Shanghai). I probably would end up going without them next time, even though they were okay...the bun itself doesn't add much flavor, and the soup dumplings definitely seemed to come out more quickly.The food here is pricier than Chinatown - don't get sticker shock when seeing the levels - but at the same time, it's a bit of a saner environment than some Chinese spots can be, and the food overall is still quite tasty. I would come back for more xiao long bao, as well as to sample their noodle soups (of which there seemed to be many tasty choices). A worthwhile place to eat lunch if you don't want to make your way to more remote environs in NYC.
You order and sit with a number. It's a fast casual place but the food is good. Their soup dumplings are not bad! We tried the spicy pork dumplings and they were actually spicy! Juicy and flavorful too. Their beef noodles were good as were their spare ribs and this tofu dish we had. The garlic soy noodles were a bit salty and the sticky rice shumai I would skip. It has no flavor whatsoever. The prices are pretty good.
