Man, do I love the food here.  We have been twice and can't wait to go back.  Chef Cardoz's food is so amazing and so full of flavors I just can't get anywhere else.  The Tandoori Chicken and Lemon Chutney combo can't be beat.  Everything we had we absolutely loved.  All the food is just awesome.  Breads, chutneys, vegetables, dessert.  All on point.  The Sommelier is really good and fun to talk to.   The service is excellent and the atmosphere is super welcoming. The restaurant truly speaks from Chef Cardoz's heart and it shows.   I just cannot believe when I see negative reviews for here.  I can't even imagine how people could not love Paowalla.  It's awesome.   GO! if you have not.
My husband and I decided to try this for our first dinner in NYC. I  was a little skeptical with the yelp reviews but I have to say I was extremely impressed! We started with the artichoke bhel which was crunchy and flavorful! We also got the coconut Goan style mussels and the grilled pepper shrimp. The shrimp had some heat which I thoroughly enjoyed. The restaurant is known for their breads however following the Paleo diet I didn't get to try them however they looked delicious!
I don't understand why the applause meter is so loud on Paowalla.Having a celebrity chef certainly keeps the restaurant busy.  The space is large but largely unattractive, especially if you are seated on the sidelines of the bar.  Most patrons are not of Indian origin, which shouldn't be a warning sign in and of itself, but when the food is both inauthentic and mediocre, that presents a problem at this price point.Reviewers waxing eloquent about the upma polenta with wild mushrooms likely don't realize that upma is meant to look and taste different (better) or that the flavors of Indian food are meant to be better integrated with the dishes, without the strong hint of one overpowering the others.  I quite liked the dal fry.  Maybe I should have gone with the Bombay Wada Pao and the cheddar cheese kulcha.  But I am turned off enough to not want to return.Save your dollars, or use them at Tamarind or Indian Accent--better ambiance, equivalent service, and certainly better food.  Unless you enjoy paying a premium for uninspiring fusion fare.
We visited Paowalla again last night with some friends. During our previous visit, we were not happy with the service and food was a hit or miss. We chose to visit the restaurant again in response to a personal invitation from the Chef Floyd Cardoz who I absolutely loved when he was in Tabla. He promised me a better experience and we were certainly not disappointed. Starting with our drinks - the cocktails were absolutely amazing - Haldi Highball, Drunken Chadwick,  Durga Complex & Johnny Be Good were all superb.Our favorites for the night - Appetizers: Pao with the Goan Choriz-Bacon butter, Burrata with the Tomato Curry (must have), Roasted Green Chickpea Chaat, & Shishito PeppersMain Course - Upma Polenta ( do not miss), Kerala Banana Leaf Roasted Sea Bream (amazing with the cashew rice)Desert - Vanilla Bean Kulfi and Mango Sorbet were our favorites.We were greeted by Chef Cardoz personally which was incredible. Our server was friendly and efficient and the wait time between the courses was just right! Overall we had a fabulous time with our friends and would gladly visit again!
Went for my hubbys birthday. We told the server that my hubby is from Goa and the chef Floyd Cardos came out to greet us, which was very nice. The chilli chicken was a stand out dish. The calamari with tandoori flavor wasn't as good. The stuffed naan(we had potato and nettle) was delicious, specially with 3 chutney sampler that we ordered(tomato kalongi, chilli chutney and the one with the raisin). Egg kejriwal was great too and reminded me of Meltshop toast. For mains we ordered daal, plain rice and chicken kebab. We should've just got chicken kebab and it would've been enough for two people after the above appetizers. Daal and rice portions were small though. We had no room for dessert but the chef sent a complementary kulfi topped with gold leave and surrounded by strawberries with strawberry juice. Was delicious but only if you like overly sweet stuff. Must try - chilli chicken and egg kejriwalGive this a miss - daal and calamariOverall a very pleasant experience and waiters were great.
I've only sat at the bar - seats are very, very comfortable and there are usb ports at every seat for phone charging.  In three trips, I've ordered the Durga Complex, cucumber and turmeric cocktails and the non-alcoholic versions of last two.  All wonderful.Food here is very different from any Indian food that I've in NYC.  Only thing close in casual Indian spots are the Mumbaian places on Coney Island Ave. Really opening my eyes to regional Indian cuisine.If you are a chili addict like I am, you will get your fix here for sure.  Bombay three chili chicken and calamari will make you sweat pleasantly.  I like to spread the chili chutney on the cheddar/bacon kulcha.  Cucumbers and turnip with yogurt cools you down.Goan chorizo biryani thankfully now comes in entree size.  Jeera meera flank steak is beautifully done with a dark, aromatic sauce of black pepper and cumin.Service has always been very pleasant.  Thank you, Paowalla!
+Nice outdoor seating area-Ok food, nothing really fancyFood is expensive for what it is (27-35)Drinks are very expensive (12$ beer is ridiculous)Strange waiter : we asked for two dishes A and B. We received A and C. We said that we ordered B. The lady responded that we could keep C, it was on the house, and B was coming. Ok good, we started eating part of C. Another guy came and asked if we wanted to keep C, and if yes we had to pay for it... Wait what ? That is a highly questionable move. What are they going to do with this dish? Why do they change their mind after five minutes and looked very rude to us ?Strange. Anyway we were not sure that we wanted to visit this place again, now we can say for sure that we won't.
Paowalla is unnecessarily expensive. It's also not super authentic, and portion sizes on some items are laughable. Even more irritating is their reservation process (only via the resy app).But despite all of the above, I have to say I really loved Paowalla!Service is really outstanding. Our server was super friendly, patient, helpful, and food came our relatively quickly.Ambiance is quite nice and our party of 6 had a nice table in the back.For the most part food is really good. It's not authentic Indian FYI, so don't go in thinking you'll get real Indian food.--Masala Omlette is a highlight. I recommend ordering this.--Dosa and Fried Egg is just okay. The dosa is super thin and flaky. I don't recommend ordering this.--Roasted Sweet Potato Chaat is delicious. Loved this.--Black Pepper Shrimp was good but at $5 per shrimp I don't think I'd order this again.--Bombay Wada Pao...I didn't get to try this due to the tiny size. Not sure anyone at the table was really that into it though.--Wild Mushroom Chili Fry Thali was good but not sure I'd order this next time. Maybe I'd try the skate instead?--Brussels Sprouts were delicious. Loved this side.--Garlic Naan was well received but I didn't get to try this.Overall I really enjoyed our lunch at Paowalla and will definitely return.
If you do not think spice is nice, I would not recommend this place. I came here for a team dinner and man was it spicy. We ordered a variety of dishes and all required a side of naan to temper the heat. Overall the food was very good and I personally like spice so I found the experience to be enjoyable. The service was very good and I would highly recommend if you think you can hang with the heat.
Floyd Cardoz is back in NYC with a new Indian restaurant at a prime corner spot on Spring Street.As you would expect from a restaurant with a big name chef behind it, the service is perfect and the space is nice. It's a relaxed vibe, though the food is definitely on the pricey end ($25 - $30 entrees).Everything is delicious though, especially the naan and the stuffed breads. It is an absolute must to start with the Cheese Kulcha ($10). The small plates were great, though the bill can creep up pretty quickly. The breads were good enough though that I look forward to returning to try the biryani for 2.
Great change of pace for the neighborhood. Spacious, some outdoor seating if you're in to that. Had dinner twice here and just drinks once. Went without a hitch all three times. I do not agree that it's overpriced. It's very in line with a corner spot in Soho and a pleasant dining experience.
Came here on a Monday night with a friend and got a table outside. The "sidewalk" facing tables are quite nice. The food was good but not especially memorable and a bit too spicy. We got the cucumber salad (tasty), Rosemary naan (too dry and thin /not doughy - could be my personal naan preference), Bombay chicken (way too spicy), polenta (tasty and creamy - probably my favorite dish) and the lentils (ok). The food was fine but not super memorable.
A place I'd wanted to check out last year, but it hadn't quite opened yet - the latest restaurant from famed chef Floyd Cardoz, whom I'd last seen at North End Grill, five years ago. This is a much more casual spot....Floyd wasn't in yet, so we missed him, but this first plate started us off right - Roasted Green Chickpea Chaat, Sweet Onions, Chillies, Tamarind. Bright, zingy, packed with flavor, something I could eat anytime - we devoured it. Glass of, and I think I remember correctly, because I didn't write it down and it's not on their online wine by the glass list, was the Markgraf Von Baden Pinot Noir from the Bermatinger vineyards in the Bodensee area of Germany. Light and simple, but made for a decent "lunch wine".But then this weird sort of chicken liver dish that was offered up as his "offal plate" (yes, of course, technically chicken livers are offal, but if you're going to call it that, there ought to be more to it). It tasted like a sloppy joe sandwich - sort of sweet and tangy and tomato-ey, and had the texture of warm jelly. It was not a winner.A fried soft shell crab sandwich with a big pile of watercress, mango slaw, and supposedly a coconut sauce - perhaps a schmear of it somewhere, was perfectly fine, but nothing all that interesting.And the soft lamb sandwich with a cucumber raita (no real spice to it, just yogurt, a few pieces of chopped cucumber, and some herbs), was overwhelmed by the thick, gluggy paste of a turmeric potatoes both above and below the few pieces of lamb on the sandwich. We kind of pushed it around, nibbled on the lamb, and called it quits.Quite disappointing over all. I'd happily eat that green chickpea salad again, and I'm already thinking about some ideas to do something in a similar vein here with Andean flavors - much experimenting to be done. But I wouldn't eat one of the other three dishes again. We passed on dessert and headed out.
This is an outstanding dining destination in NYC.  Having sampled Floyd Cardoz's cuisine at Tabla before it closed, we looked forward to a special evening of fine cuisine.  You will not be disappointed when you experience the excellent "modern" Indian food enhanced by the attentive but not intrusive service.  Ronnie our server was helpful and informative about the dishes and the serving style.  Beginning our experience with  the uniquely flavored cocktsils, my husband and I opted for the tasting menu and for a very reasonable $70 each we had a genuine journey through the Indian tastes.  Portions were ample and the breads especially the Tingmo and the garlic Naan were delicious!  Highly recommend the Dogfish, Vindaloo Ribs and the sweet potato with the popped rice.  The desserts were unexpectedly tasty with coconut tapioca a a real winner!  The restaurant was full but not noisy and we were able to talk at a comfortable volume.  Our entire dining experience convinced us to plan future meaksv with  good friends and family!
KenScale: 8.5/10Chef Floyd Cardoz has been around in the New York dining scene since the 1990s when he made a name at now shuttered Tabla, after which he wandered somewhat aimlessly around other restaurant projects like North End Grill (which I haven't visited while he was there) and White Street (which wasn't the most delicious experience on my visit). A chef who grew up in Mumbai, chef Cardoz has displayed a knack for navigating across disparate culinary influences and inspirations, but with mixed results at times. Therefore, when he returned from a trip in Mumbai to open an Indian restaurant in SoHo this year, I was wondering whether he had some form of revelation that led him to cook food more faithful to his root. And, after my recent visit with my girlfriend to Paowalla, I'm glad that he did return to Indian cooking.Pao is a form of Portuguese bun in the region of Indian with heavy influences of Portugal. The menu at Paowalla appropriately starts with an assortment of bread and chutney options, followed by small and larger plates. Some of the small appetizers also have these bread forms, such as the marvelously delicious shrimp curry pie that had rustic flavor working so harmoniously with the roasted beet salad that accompanied the pie, or the egg kejriwal (think egg toast) that was such a satisfying dish despite its simple appearance, with the way cheddar cheese and coconut chili chutney added something extra to the egg that was quite pleasant. For appetizers without the breads, baked crab with coconut and Goan spices had an excellent balance of flavor that my girlfriend and I very much enjoyed. Both of the larger plates we ordered were delicious. I wished the curry leaf chicken tikka came out slightly more tender, but the smoky feel to the chicken was starting to grow on me throughout the meal. On the other hand, the dogfish with coconut, tomatoes and chilies wrapped in banana leaf was nearly flawless, with expertly prepared fish and the aromatic curry flavor that was something I hadn't seen in other Indian restaurants before. For dessert, we regretted ordering the saffron yogurt "srikhand" (we felt the dish had too much funky spice in it), but we had no problem devouring the delightful vanilla bean kulfi with caramelized apples and cinnamon.Getting a reservation doesn't seem too difficult at Paowalla, but the dining space was nearly full on a Sunday night so I would suggest booking in advance. There is full bar with some intriguing Portuguese wine selections that you can try to complement your meal. I liked the modern vibe of the restaurant's décor that was fitting for a trendy dining space in SoHo. This year has been quite a productive year in New York City in terms of new Indian restaurant openings, but my dinner experience at Paowalla will likely be the one that sticks for a long time with the way chef Cardoz has brought forward the Indian cuisine to the modern dining with compromising the authenticity of the country's flavor. I would definitely love to come back to explore other dishes at the restaurant in the near future.
Fantastic food. Worth every penny. The vada app, egg Kejriwal, chat - all were delicious !!
Stumbled upon here on a Saturday night between 8:30-9pm while walking around soho. There weren't any available tables, but there was a counter to eat at and a separate bar area to also eat at. There were two empty seats at the bar so we decided to eat there. Ordered a pale ale from Brooklyn brewery and the old buck (vodka, ginger, pepper). To eat we split rosemary naan with 3 chutneys - spicy chili, tomato and tamarind. Tamarind was a bit too much like licorice but the other two were great. We then split the three chili spicy chicken and shisito peppers crusted in chickpea. Spicy chicken was very very hot but great if you can handle heat. Shisito peppers were mild in spice and served with corn, pomegranate and red onion in top. Then we also split a lamb curry stew that was absolutely delicious. Wouldn't classify this as typical authentic Indian but a more modern Indian cuisine. Delicious flavors!
It seems like the kitchen was having some Kind of anomaly issue because it took us 55 minutes to get our naan bread after asking for it to come out before the mains...mains came out after 50min.  Not acceptable  for new York and probably not ok in any city.  however once it arrived, the food was very good, i must say. Unfortunately I would have expected at least to have the naan bread comped given the ridiculous wait time but Alas we paid for everything and we waited for it.I should point out that by "good " i mean enjoyable to any American palette... this is not going to blow your mind if you've been to India or expect real spice.  My cocktail was supposed to have turmeric in it but tasted like any run of the mill well drink. delicious but not exemplary.
I had never tried indian food before, and I didn't expect it to be that good. I really enjoy a different experience. Food was really good (and really spicy). Service was good as well. I will be back soon.
Stopped in for a snack during mid-afternoon. Ordered 3 dips with 2 naan. Ordered one regular and garlic. Got 2 regular. It was tasty but a tiny bit annoying the waiter got it wrong even when the place was pretty much empty. I would not go back.
This is my second Indian restaurant so take my review with a grain of salt! All the dishes are great and here are my main takeaways:- Mango Lassi: It is like drinking an alcoholic fruit, a little on the sweet side but oh so good. I also order a marsala mary after trying my co-eater's and it is slightly inconsistent. I liked the first marsala mary but the second one tasted a little flat and does not have as much flavor. - Get the naan and the sampler chutney! The wood oven (in house!) baked bread is very soft with a slight crisp on the bottom that compliments the chutneys- Roasted Sweet Potato Chat: A surprisingly good dish that is served cold. It is a little spicy so keep your drink handy. Or maybe I'm just bad with spicy Indian food.. - Upma Polenta: Just get it and enjoy the best polenta in your life. It has delicious wild mushrooms which goes great with the very tasty porridgeWarning: even though all the food is delicious, the portions are slightly small. Order a few extra dishes to share so everyone goes home full and satisfied.
The restaurant is modern enough without being pretentious. Also, you can actually have a conversation without yelling at the other person. Definitely get the breads + chutney sampler and the bone marrow. I will definitely come back.
If you think the food served here is Indian, you are lost. What they claimed was biryani was a bacon rice concoction which lacked salt, pepper, and any suggestion of the spices which define Indian cuisine. What a pathetic excuse for Indian food. Don't waste your time or money here.
I was here for lunch along with another family. I was disappointed to see that many of the items which I would have liked to have were only available as dinner options. Nonetheless, there were other items (albeit limited) to try. The menu on the web site could use some fine tuning to clearly call out the day time and dinner time options. None of the 'patiala' dishes were offered at lunch. The 'chotta' servings were really small (and I mean really small!!). The wada pav was literally two bites. Serving sizes are small even in the 'bada' or 'thali' sizes. I guarantee that no one ever walks out of here with a to-go bag. Spice level is average at best. I did not find anything spicy including Shishito pakoras. The cuisine here is tailored for the non-Indian customer. So what was good here regardless of serving size?Wada pavSkate thali - fish was done nicely. Sides were two teaspoons each of rice, chickpeas and one other itemBacon naan - kids loved itEgg Kejriwal - could use a little more chutney. Our server recommended this dish so we tried it.We tried 3 of the 4 desserts. Kulfi, bibinca and gulab nut. The bibinca was sliced really thin (as if there were a samurai sword in the kitchen). We liked the Gulab nut the best. Worth a try for sure. To close they gave the kids a pair of cookies which closely resemble a traditional (Indian) Christmas cookie - nankatai. Nice touch. The restaurant is narrow and long with more options for parties of 2 or 4. We were 7 and were placed at the back with 3 people on a sofa against the wall. It was a little low and I can see a curmudgeon making a stink of it. However, there was no other choice and we were hungry. Service was decent. For me, the cost did not justify the food served. The
Beautiful ambience, impeccable service and knowledgeable servers. The menu brings creativity to Indian food but portion sizes are definitely on the small side for the price. My favorites were the wada pao (only 1 per serving), curry leaf chicken tikka (which went perfectly with the side salad and red onions) and the gulab nut (with the crunchy sweet nuts on the side). The cheddar cheese kulcha, coconut fries and baked crab fell slightly short while the other dishes blew me away. To top off the night, chef Cardoz came out to say hi which was a special experience! Would love to come back to try the biryani and other entrees.
Breads:Rosemary and garlic naan, whole wheat roti, and chutney sampler.Overall the breads were pretty good. The only disappointing thing about them was that the flavored ones weren't very strong in flavor. With the garlic naan, you could kind of taste the garlic when you ate it plain but as soon as you put on any chutney, they completely overpowered the flavor. With the rosemary naan, you couldn't taste the rosemary at all, even without the chutneys on the naan. The whole wheat roti was excellent though. And in terms of how the breads were cook and density they were excellent. My friends and I had gotten the mango, tamarind, and tomato kalonji chutneys and they were very good.Cheddar Cheese KulchaOne of Paowalla's stuffed breads; honestly it reminded me of a quesadilla. Not very stuffed with cheese which I think is a good thing. Probably wouldn't get it again though since I feel like it wasn't really anything special. Maybe if it was spiced up a little it would have been more interesting.Pao with Goan Choriz-Bacon ButterBasically a dinner roll. Really nice texture and has a nice yeasty flavor to it. I didn't like the Choriz-bacon butter though. I thought it was way too smoky and really would have preferred to either have a really creamy, salted butter with it instead.Apps:Bombay 3 Chilli chickenProbably my favorite dish of the evening and I would come back to the restaurant just for this. The chicken is perfectly cooked chicken thigh meat that's tender and juicy inside and almost a caramelized outside. A really good amount of heat to it too, I would highly recommend ordering a mango lassi to go with the dish to tame the spice. Usually I'm not a spicy food kind of guy but I couldn't stop eating this. Kale PakorasReally tasty, basically pakoras with the addition of kale. I really loved the chopped peanut, onion, and cilantro mix they spread on top. A really solid appetizer that I would get again. Mains:Goan Choriz and Bacon BiryaniBig dish of biryani that comes to the table in a small dutch oven. Honestly, overpriced in my opinion, even if it's a big dish that can serve like 5-6 people (Although if I had enjoyed it then maybe the price wouldn't be a big issue. I have no problems paying for the oxtail fried rice at Blue Ribbon Izakaya and that is probably more expensive per serving.). Similar to the butter that came with the pao, waaaay too smoky. Smoke basically covered up any of the other flavors. I would have preferred less smoke and more in the way of spices. Texturally, the rice felt a little off. I'm not sure if either it was overcooked or if it wasn't fried up enough. The eggs were also overcooked; I totally expected over easy eggs that I could stir into the rest of the rice but the eggs were basically cooked to well done and mixed into the rest of the dish in chunks.Pork Vindaloo RibsI'm very mixed about the ribs. On one hand, they were cooked magnificently. Fall off the bone, literally when my friend picked up a piece the bone came out. The biggest problem, too overpowering in a way that I wasn't even too sure how. After the smoky butter with the pao, my first instinct was that the ribs were way too smoky with something like liquid smoke. My friend then brought up that it was way too salty and on second thought that was probably the feeling I was getting on my tongue and I was confusing it with smoke. I think if this meat was pulled off the bone, chopped up slightly, and mixed into the biryani instead of the chorizo then it would have been really good. Or even just served with white rice or some kind of bread plate. Desserts:Gulab Nut with Pistachio CreamA big, donut sized gulab jamun, I was concerned it would be overly sweet but surprisingly balanced in that regard but still something that I would recommend splitting. Pistachio cream was nice, not overpowering to cover up the gulab jamun but leads a nice, underlying pistachio flavor.Vanilla Bean KulfiVery dense, creamy, and flavorful with vanilla bean. Other than the cone shape the kulfi comes in that makes it a little less convenient to eat, especially considering how dense it is, I can't complain and would totally get it again. I've always liked kulfi over standard ice cream since I'm not much of a licker and I love the mouth feel of kulfi.I'm really mixed about Paowalla because I feel like there is a lot of potential and many of the dishes we didn't get looked really appealing. But for the two main dishes that we got to be so off is kind of a turn off. Prices were also kind of high in general, not just the biryani and there was quite the sticker shock when we got the bill considering we had only ordered one alcoholic beverage.
Heard so much about the restaurant. We were very excited to be eating at paowalla but alas food was mediocre at best The garlic naan was not garlic at all. And the waiter even mentioned that a lot of customers had mentioned the lack of garlic !!  On top of that they were cold The small plates were quite good. But the large plates were nothing to right home about. The chicken tikka was dry and over cooked. The fish was well cooked but couldn't find the Chettinad in it!!All in all an average restaurant.
Lots of hype around this place, and I had watched the Top Chef season in which Floyd participated. He appeared to be a solid contender with a nice demeanor in that oft cutthroat environment. We arrived at 8pm to a packed house and waited by the front bar for 2 seats to open up. Within 25 minutes, we got our chance; about half way through our meal there seemed to be a lull and many tables sat empty, and then by the time we left around 10:30, there seemed to be a second wave of diners arriving. We opened the experience with cocktails - a cast iron buck (vodka, ginger, cracked pepper) and the last call old fashioned (bourbon, nardini amaro, clove). Both were pricey, and only the latter was worth it. The moscow mule-ish was refreshing and generic while the modified OF was flavorful, smooth and slightly smokey. From there we started with the cheddar cheese kulcha, delicious thick naan bread stuffed with a thin layer of cheese, with tamarind chutney on the side to dip. We then opted for 3 small plates to share - the baby pea tendril and fenugreek leaves salad, scrambled eggs patia, and baked crab. The salad was a huge portion and we took about half home - it was delicious and delicate though difficult to eat bc of the nature of tendrils. The scrambled eggs oddly did not taste anything like egg but rather just mash with onions, ginger and cilantro. The shellfish also did not come across like anything from the ocean, while the coconut and goan spices emerged in a somewhat muted execution that was not bold in any of the ingredient profiles. Pacing was great - we never had more than 2 dishes in front of us and no rushing by service staff. Generally, glad we tried Paowall bc the menu is inspired, but on the whole, the dishes failed to deliver for the price point.
Paowalla is a great addition to the modern Indian cuisine landscape.    A few tips:  it's suggested to have a bread, two small plates, one large plate and a vegetable for two people, but my female friend and I felt this was too much food.   Additionally, while I loved the Kale Pakoras, we were surprised to see so little kale and a lot of chickpea cakes/squares.   While really delicious, it's not a salad, so be warned.Service is really excellent and the vibe is fun.   Really enjoyed the experience.
The food is incredible. I feasted on the pav vadas, papa, chaats and a bunch of other stuff. My date ordered the eggs kejriwal (a classic) and some of the meatier choices. This place reminds me of Bombay so I may be biased in my review. Some of the review called this place not authentic Indian food. Let me correct you - Indian food is more than just the naan and saag most people are familiar with. This restaurant serves Indian food that is native to certain states and cultures. It IS very much authentic and very much Indian. Let no one tell you otherwise. I am a fan of Chef Floyd. His Bombay Canteen in Bombay is also a fantastic restaurant. And I also recommend the cocktails. Very nuanced and have a distinct Indian twist to them. Only drawback of this place is the seating - super narrow chairs. If you are tall or slightly bigger, it's a little discomforting but overall, A+
This was one of the best tasting menus we've had in the city. I got the vegetarian version and my husband the regular version and we both had a lot to rave about.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting- try to sit in the back room where it is quieter.  One of the standout dishes from our tasting were the chickpea chat, which was just a pleasure to eat. The tomato and cucumber salad, which came with my vegetarian tasting, sounds like the simplest dish in the world but it was packed with flavor and so refreshing.  The standout of the night was Chef Floyd's famous mushroom polenta. HOLY COW was this an incredible dish. Warm, well-rounded flavors that were complex and ever-developing in your mouth. Every bite made me say wow. My husband raved about the pork ribs vindaloo as well. The yellow dal was done perfectly. Every seemingly simple dish was a work of perfection. The service was great and the cocktails were also really outstanding, in particular the Durga Complex.  I can't recommend Paowalla enough for anyone who enjoys bold flavors.
Look, I'm picky about restaurants in the Lower East Side. Paowalla isn't the best but also isn't the worst. This Indian restaurant has a modern, relaxed feel - overlooking the calmer side of SoHo. The server helped us start off the night with naan bread, hummus, and squash. Pretty new-Indian type of food - if you ask me. The dishes were balanced with punches of flavors from simple ingredients. This is something that I appreciate as most other restaurants in the neighborhood tend to serve food like a factory and neglect the importance of tastes - catering to the masses of both tourists and locals shopping in the area. Paowalla is a sweet place to visit for small plates and relax in the middle of the week.
Paowalla has a really interesting and modern take on Indian flavors in dishes. This is not authentic Indian food, but takes inspiration from Indian dishes. They have a very interesting cocktail menu. My friend got the tamarind margarita. It was very refreshing and delicious! I got a mezcal and yellow chartreuse cocktail. It was great! Smoky and delicious. There were many very unique drinks on the menu with Indian flavors infused. I came with 2 other friends and we decided to get a bunch of the small plates to split. We ordered the sourdough Naan and 3 chutneys to start (spicy chili, tomato kolonji, and apple). The naan was great! Very interesting. The chutneys were delicious and full of flavor with a bit of a kick to them. The Taro Tuk Chaat was great! Fried taro root covered in yogurt and tamarind chutney. Really great flavors! The Bombay Wado Pao was fine but nothing that interesting. The roll kind of takes over the whole thing and you don't really get any flavor or anything else form the dish. It's weird because the server recommended it. That's why we got it. The burrata was great because, well burrata is great. I loved that it came with lentils. It was a different take on a dish that everyone has had a million times. It was unique and interesting! The Egg Kejriwal was also recommended by our server and this was a great choice! The egg on top of the toast with coconut chutney flavors were amazing. This was a great rec. We also got the crispy brussels sprouts with pomegranate seeds. This was pretty good! The sauce that came with it was good but maybe there was just a bit too much on it. We were too full for dessert.Overall, this was a good meal but it is necessarily expensive. The food was great but the portions were small and not so spectacular that the very high prices were warranted. The staff are very welcoming although hard to flag down. I would come back here because the food is good but I definitely wouldn't come often just based on the prices.
Paowalla did not really live up to either the hype or the price. We hand heard so much about chef Floyd Cardoz and Tabla, that having missed out on that we definitely wanted to try out Paowalla. We were 11 adults and we went to make a reservation we were told that we could not do a la Carter but had to go for fixed menu. 3 course at $45 ppThe space was cramped and service was middling. The only two dishes which stood out from the rest  were Egg Kejriwal and Triple chili chicken.
Was contacted by the chef given my poor review to return to the restaurant as his guest. I will review my experience then but 5 stars for hospitality and customer service.
I believe many people who gave this place below 4 stars misunderstand this restaurant. Don't come here expecting typical Indian cuisine. That being said, I love everything Chef Cardoz has done from Tabla to North End Grill and this restaurant is no exception. He has a way of creating dishes that tell a story, this restaurant I believe he shares his comfort foods and childhood memories....making it a more personal experience.I have had the pleasure to experience their dinner and brunch menus and both are amazing.  I believe each dish is refined and full of well balanced flavor and spice. For dinner, we ordered bunch of small plates to share which were all great but my personal favorites were the Tandoori Octopus and Goan Chorizo Biryani. Don't compare this to the standard fare biryani...this has so much more depth from the smokiness of the chorizo and then the richness of egg yolk from the soft cooked egg that is mixed into biryani tableside...truly worth trying!For Brunch we again decided to order bunch of small dishes to share. My personal favorites were Goan Shrimp Pie "Aapas de Camarao" with Roasted Beet & Onion Salad as it was so unexpected and fun! We always got the breads and chutneys to share.  I particularly loved the bacon naan with apple chutney for brunch!Save room for dessert and don't think the gulab jamun donut is the only attraction. I am love the Barkha's Goan Bibinca. It's delicate, not sweet, and reminds me of beautifully balanced desserts from Paris.I even got the latest cookbook Flavorwala and looking forward to cooking some of these dishes at home.....esp. the dessert!
I came here expecting better because of a glowing review I read. Dined on a Thursday at 6:30pm. Medium busy, but the dining room felt cramped, with no elbow room between tables. Menu seemed exciting but the food was typical small plates, small portions and nothing special for the price point. I had the cheese kulcha (greasy) and a Naan (very good) with a 3 chutney sampler (small portions and not exciting) chili chicken, corn and and another vegetable dish. The food came out of the kitchen hot and reasonably paced. Bar service was disorganized. I ordered a beer, 10 min later the waitress asked "did you order a beer?" The most memorable thing about Paowalla was the attentive water service. A nice young man un-obtrusively kept my glass full and refused a tip.
This is a new spot in the Manhattan Theme is based on Goan and Mumbai style cuisine There are many things that make this spot a great Indian dinner in Manhattan First it's modern, cool design, welcoming staff and most important a very qualified and passionate Chef Floyd Cardoz Chef has crafted a lunch menu, well balanced with meat n veggie options. To me the menu covers a good profile of Goan food with blend of Mumbai and rest of India. I tried the skate Tahli  n salt n pepper shrimps. Skate was just outstanding, pan fired crispy n tender comes with balanced side dishes. Salt n pepper shrimps were great too,Then the grand finale - vanilla bean Kulfi in strawberry juice n cut pieces of the fruit. OMG I wish I tried as this as an appetizer would have skipped rest. Phenomenal flavoring - real fusion of.traditional kulfi n vanilla beans Overall when in NYC n want top class Indian food here is the best in town Paowalla Will be back
Table for 2 at 6:30 on a Wednesday, not crowded at all and we were immediately seated.  To start we ordered small plates of ceviche, tandoor fired shrimp and bacon naan with a side of various chutneys to start.  My Kingfisher and the San Pellegrino were delivered promptly.  We were both hungry, and after some time came the ceviche, a couple of fork bites each. If the naan had been delivered at the same time, it would have been a nice accompaniment. About 10 minutes after our first plates were cleared came the four shrimp, nicely charred, but yet another couple of "OK" bites.  I'd finished my Kingfisher.  Then we waited.  We didn't see wait staff for nearly 1/2 hr, feeling forgotten, when the naan finally arrived. It was really good, and the most notable of the 5 chutneys was the tamarind.  Then came the Vindaloo (fall off the bone) Ribs, and the intriguing sounding, albeit bland fries. You'll likely get from this that their timing was off in our case.  But more so, the flavours really just weren't that compelling.  Stand outs were the ribs and the Vanilla Bean Kulfi we finished with.
Went there for dinner last night - It was only the second night it was open. There were a couple of service hiccups - mainly our drinks orders which took ages to come in. But other than that it was a great experience. We were seated right away despite being early for our reservation and we even got to meet the Chef himself. The food was great - We started off with a trio of chutneys (Chilli, Tomato, Cilantro) and the Cheese Kulcha - a must do here. Followed it up with the pepper shrimp which was great too - really well cooked. For Mains we shared the curry leaf tikka accompanied by the tingmo bread. While the bread was great, the tikka was cooked well but was a bit overseasoned for my liking.The highlight of the meal was the dessert - we finished with the aptly named (given that the Dominique Ansel Bakery is a couple of doors away) "Gulabnut". This was spectacular and a must have every time you come here. Couldn't give this new restaurant anything but 5 stars after having that dessertAll in all - a great experience - definitely heading back there soon
Interesting variation on the Indian restaurant. Some very good dishes like the skid ink vermicelle in a Staub cocotte, however most dishes were a little on the greasy + spicy side unfortunately. But good.Definitely expensive as I didn't consider this as a high-end restaurant, but main dishes are $30+ and some beers $10+.However I am not sure I can recommand this given portions/price. Gets a four for originality but I don't think I'll visit again.Great server, very eager to advise on dishes. Appreciated !
I had a very enjoyable time here last evening. I had an early reservation and we were celebrating my BF's birthday. The atmosphere is nice and pretty relaxed. The Hostess and waitstaff are super friendly and engaging as well. There was so much on the menu that we wanted to try that we were having a very hard deciding on a few dishes. Here's what we went with:1. cheddar cheese kulcha - phenomenal and get the choice of 3 chutneys, the spicy chili packs some nice heat.2. squash blossom pakora - another winner, not at all greasy and the cheese inside was great.3. Fries with coconut and garlic - these were a huge disappointment. The fries were cold and soggy and just didn't have a very good flavor at all.4. Crab, baby shrimp and squid - this dish was outstanding! I was a bit hesitant about ordering this but the flavors were unbelievable! A MUST ORDERThe wine list is short but sweet with some interesting choices, a red from Serbia and India. I would like to see more lists like this around town but maybe with a few more choices. We went with a perfectly serviceable red from the Duoro valley. Overall I thought it was a very nice night.
I came here a couple 8-9 months back the week that it had opened, it was spectacular. I have made about 2 more trips here within the last 4 months and it has been extremely disappointing. The chaat is overwhelmingly sweet and just tastes stale and so does the Kejriwaal toast which use to be a delight. I don't get it as to why this place is always so busy, besides the fact that it is probably the only fusion Indian restaurants in the area. I can't say I'll ever be coming back here again.
I wound up at Paowalla under slightly unusual circumstances, during a small bachelor party for a British friend. He already had a proper stag-do in England, but four of us decided to take him out for a low-key evening of festivities. After drinks on Stone Street, there was much discussion of where to go. Steak wasn't an option, so I wound up suggesting we try this relatively new Indian space in SoHo.I say the circumstances were unusual in that we had a couple of diners who wouldn't normally be eating this ambitious Indian fare, along with the celebrant and I who very much did want to try some things on offer. I was worried we were headed for a straight up disaster when one diner declared they wanted chicken tikka masala and not to share food, but once we cleaved him off from the main group we were free to order on our own. We went to town, getting several small plates and three mains to share around a group of three. It was probably about 40% too much food, but at least it gave a chance to go through a good chunk of the menu. What worked was pretty varied. A tomato dish marinated in spices was surprising for how much it let us take in the flavor of the raw vegetable. Usually Indian food is so much about the long simmer that this was great change of pace. Elsewhere the gooey fried cheese inside the kulcha was a greasy late night snack transported to the beginning of the meal. Chili chicken was every bit the revelation I had the first time I sampled it on the streets of Calcutta. Not everything was a hit. The burrata in dal was far too much of a mash-up without a point. It was just a dish from India with some Italian cheese floating on top. And the roganjosh had an off-putting flavor just seemed to leech into a very nicely cooked plate of meat. Even though we ate at the bar, I found the experience more relaxed and refined than either of my two meals at Babu Ji. And while the price point isn't cheap, I got far more out of this take on Indian food than that one a mile to the northeast.  And even the person who got the chicken tikka masala seemed satisfied.
Loved this place. After reading good things it met my expectations. Service was very friendly and I was allowed to be seated at my table and order a glass of wine even though my party had not arrived. I was given roasted chilli nuts with my drink which kept me very happy.For starters we ordered the chutney sample and tingmo bread. (This was delicious and one of my fav items I ate at Paowalla.) The bread was lovely and warm with garlic paste infused inside. We chose the chilli, mango and cilantro mint chutney. All very delicious!! We then shared a couple of small plates - chickpea chat, chilli corn, French fries and wada pao. And a kulfi to finish. The French fries were my least favourite but all the other food was super tasty and just plain yum!! The wada pao was a potato pokora inside a bun with green chutney. Was really good. Kulfi was ok (had gold leaves at the top). A little to sweet for me with the cardamon syrup it was sitting on. All in all, a beautiful dinner and great service. More tingmo bread please!!!This place is expensive so be ready to pay. But as it was so good- I say it's worth the splash of cash! Watch out for my full restaurant review on thebritishtearoom.com
I had a very expensive meal at Paowalla last night. Starting with cocktails that seemed to have little or no alcohol in them, followed by a very mediocre sourdough naan, which had no flavor of sourdough. Then an ok calamari, and greasy pepper fritters with no Indian flavor. The sea bream was pretty good, and the dogfish was almost totally unseasoned in a watery curry broth that didn't taste of curry. Overcooked rice. Followed by an almost inedible pudding and a wan kulfi. $200 with tip. The service was fine, the room was bland and without charm. One of the worst expensive meals I've experienced.
Definite highlights are the stuffed naans, short rib, lamb haleem and galab nut. The food is essentially street food elevated. Unfortunately some of the dishes just didn't hit the mark for me in terms of flavor. Wada pao and chaat was very dry and didn't have enough spice. The egg dish was good but I'd probably not order it again. So my recommendations would be to stick to larger plates and do not miss out on the galab nut, it's ridiculous!
This place is quite the trend setter - you cannot make reservations via phone, nor on open table. nor their website. Only if you download the resy app.Dishes are good, but quite expensive.Worth the waiting and prices - probably not.No complaints on the food but not likely to recommend.
The pao Wada is really good. The pao is very authentic. The Assam tea and garlic naan (also eggless ) very good too. The three lentil daal had an amazing flavor. Highly recommended place.
I was pretty pleased with paowalla. Think fancy indian or indian-inspired tapas (or small plate in the modern parlance) ish menu with a few larger plates thrown in for good measure. The best dishes were probably the tandoori cauliflower (this can't be that hard to make right?) and a crab curry. I loved the idea of shishito pakora but i think some sort of added spicy might have been needed. Shishitos are sort of like russian roulette in terms of spicy and I think i dodged all the bullets which ended up being sort of boring.
Really unique dishes for brunch. The masala omelette was quite good. The dosa waffle was the best dish for brunch. Nice and crispy! It was excellent with the syrup -- though would be even more delicious with chutneys and spice.Nice ambiance and great service. I'd definitely come back here again to try more dishes during other meals of the day.
Very disappointing.  Love Indian breads and went there because was supposed to be their specialty.  Ordered Aloo-Gobi Parantha--very thin, hardly stuffed with anything and the Tingmo (uncooked dough that only had any flavor if dipped in a sauce). Dogfish with coconut curry sauce was good...not extraordinary in any way.  Tandoori Octopus was ordinary.  Squash Blossom Pakoras was very good.  Ran out of mango sorbet and other desert nothing exceptional.  Good masala chai.  Considering the price ($165 for 2) sure would not go back
They are correct in recommending the tamarind margarita. Also we enjoyed the food, clearly prepared with fresh ingredients and uncommon flavor presentation. This place is worth checking out.
The service and hospitality was everything you'd expect from a restaurant with food this great. The bacon cheese naan was so good! Their rendition of the ribs vindaloo (can't remember what it's called on the menu) and the chili chicken were my favorites and all of their desserts were fantastic. Definitely will be back here soon.
Enjoyed dinner here. The menu is modern Indian in a small corner restaurant in Soho. The number of offerings on the menu was adequate (not overwhelming like I've seen in more traditional Indian restaurants). I was quite surprised to see a limited vegetarian selection. Most of the small plates were vegetarian so at least that made it easy to try almost all the vegetarian options for variety and to fill up on. Best item we ordered was actually a simple tingmo. Had never seen that in Indian cuisine but it was so soft, moist, chewy and subtly sweet. The rest of the meal actually was unmemorable...  unfortunately a lot of veggie offerings are prepared fried. The desserts though were impressive. Got the vanilla bean kukfi and the gulab nut. Both were equally good and were a nice introduction to Indian desserts (personally I thought Paowalla's versions are better than authentic).. Anyway the bread and desserts get two thumbs up from me here for now. Will have to try their non-veg dishes another time.
Had brunch here last Sunday. I will begin with I do not know much about Indian cuisine. I enjoyed many dishes but the real standout was the egg kerjiwal, an omlette on bread with a green chili sauce. We started with the naan and chutney platter which was nice. We also had the shrimp pie which was nice but nothing to write home about but the beet salad that came with it was flavorful. Given the fact that we did not know much about the cuisine we ordered a few different dishes, this ended up being pretty expensive in the end. I do not think I will return for brunch, the food was good but served tapas style and not friendly to the pockets for a hungry young man like myself.
Achtung !!!!!! Rip off!! Inflated prices with food quantities so meager that you'd hunt for morcels. The crab appetizer is only name sake, good luck hunting for pieces of crab. The fish wrapped in leaf, begs you one question- Why are you paying 25$ for 4oz fish with marination that's still undercooked?While, the service is at par, the exuberance of providing 'La Chef's experience is at best deceptive. Also, a bottle of beer should not cost you $10 unless it's a brewer's master piece. It's called daylight loot. I'm posting this for people to be aware, they are better Indian restaurants. Stay away!!
I was so disappointed in my experience here and really cannot justify a better rating than this. A dear friend of mine suggested we visit - as we both lived in Dubai for a period of time, have travelled to India previously, and love trying new restaurants. It was one of her last weeks in NYC before moving again, so I was happy to take her suggestion. Unfortunately we both agreed that this was a complete disappointment across the board - the cocktails were overly sweet, the service was overbearing / constantly hovering, and the food just missed on almost every mark. To eat: - Cheddar Cheese Kulcha $10 - basically an indian take on a quesadilla - very basic - Pao with Goan Choriz-Bacon Butter $5 - these were very stale and hard, similar to a yeast roll. the bacon butter had a very strange flavor, did not resemble bacon to either of us- we had one other bread which was not memorable- chutney sampler $6 - this was fine but chutneys are typically complimentary and none of these stood out as anything exceptional - Baby Pea Tendrils Salad $14 - a refreshing vegetable / salad but tiny portion - Baked Crab $14 - the best dish of the night by far with a pleasant coconut flavor, also tiny (barely enough for a couple bites apiece)- Bombay Three Chilli Chicken $14 - so so spicy - it was fine for a bite but after that our taste buds were numb (note when we commented on the spice level our server confirmed this is by far the spiciest menu item - perhaps they should mention that before you order, not after)To drink- Last Call Old Fashioned $15 - this was my one and only cocktail. it was overly sweet and tasted mostly of sweet tea (southern style). it seemed very light on bourbon lacking any complex flavors. - i tried sips of my friend's two other cocktails (dont remember the names) and neither of us preferred either of them (which is why by the time i finished mine i decided not to bother ordering another). When it was all said and done, the meal came out to about $150 (incl tax and tip). unfortunately the food and experience came no where near justifying that price. I definitely would not recommend.
Sunday brunch is often a bad introduction to a restaurant, so I am rounding up to four stars. Were this a dinner, I'd give it a three.We began with a glass of Riesling, a masala chai, and a rum-spiked mango lassi. All were good, but I thought the cocktail was small for $16 - I expected a full size mango lassi with a dose of rum, not a cocktail sized beverage in a short old fashioned glass with a large chunk of ice.We ordered breads, appetizers, main courses and a vegetable side. First thing to arrive were the shishito pakoras, one of the better choices. Crisp, well seasoned, not too spicy. The radish paratha was the tastiest thing we ordered, both with and without its yogurt based sauce. Our other bread, the cone shaped tingmo, disappointed. The spiciness seemed to be unevenly distributed, and the texture reminded me of a fifty cent Chinese bao. Egg kirjawal was certainly tasty, but it did not strike me as portioned to be a "Brunch Plate,"  to use an inverse Fieri-ism  it looked, and "ate" like a side dish. Pea tendril salad was another winner, refreshing, delicious. Two out of three diners liked the $24 chicken tikka, five good sized chunks served on a bed of cress. Still, I couldn't help thinking that I could have pretty much the same thing, sans cress, at the Bukhara Grill lunch buffet, right off the tawa. Goan shrimp pie was a hand pie, and contained a sort of puree, not whole shrimp. I can't say whether this was authentic. The roasted beet and onions salad on the side, which had a few more of the pea tendrils in it, was excellent. Savory Kashmiri style braised greens were better than the main courses.The savior here was the dessert. The "Gulab Nut" was larger and lighter than a gulab jamun, well on its way to being a great doughnut. The cashew cream was a nice touch and it was large enough to be shared by three at this point in the meal. Darjeeling tea and French press coffee also hit the spot.Service was attentive, but I felt a bit rushed. The pacing of the dishes was hurried and did not allow the thoughtfully prepared food to shine. Still, I enjoyed the gestalt of this meal. I suppose that's what counts in the end.
Love the food! Been here thrice in the past year - twice for dinner and once for breakfast. Only complaint is the price point - feels a little more expensive than it should be. We loved the Bread Bar at Tabla before it closed - which is priced similarly but was felt more fancy / less casual.
For TLDR folks - Food is unimaginably sub bar and the bad experience is only overtaken by the freakishly high prices. Save your $$$ or take it to Indian Accent or Tamarind.I have no idea what the chef is aiming for here. Is it Indian? Indian-American? Or Indian with American overtones? Our dishes were as follows:1. Mango Lassi - Good, not mind blowing. Just good.2. Cheddar Cheese Kulcha - Good. Probably the savior.3. Bombay Wada Pao - Just one piece for $8? Decent, but nothing impressive4. Chickpea Chaat - Okish, but found a small hair in the cilantro garnishing. Returned and refunded.5. Chicken Kabob - Ok, lowly spiced. Feels like eating some form of chicken cooked in tandoor with stingy marinades6. Burrata Maa Ki Daal - No, just plain no. Burrata does not mix with the daal. What the heck were you thinking?7. Rosemary Naan - What rosemary?8. Gulab Nut - I had no idea what I was eating. It's got nothing to do with a Gulab Jamun. It can be best summarized as some sort of sweetish burger like thing with cashew cream in lieu of patty and addition of gulab and rum. If they had maybe lightened the rum, it may have been ok. 9. Yogurt Shrikand - DecentAnyone who says this is a good representation of Indian cuisine or Indian-American cuisine is flat out lying.
An absolute honour to meet the culinary genius himself! This food was a unique experience that brings along an explosion of flavours! Can't wait to try out the recipes in the signed copy of Flavorwalla! The service is also marvellous!!! Highly recommended!
One the best Indian restaurants I have been to.  Went with a group of friends and ordered many dishes.  ALL WERE DELICIOUS! Almost all the drinks were great also. I guess the only negative is I wish there were even more menu options.
Food is creative and different but quite tasty.  Chili chicken, chili cheese naan and dips are very nice.  Vada pav was average. Overpriced in my opinion.
One of a kind!It's not everyday you get such a refreshing twist on Indian cuisine. The burrata and bhel puri were so incredibly satisfying.. oh! and so was the raita! You're probably thinking it's just raita, but the chickpeas inside were such a nice touch! Naan was all good, but I would hope they're not screwing that up. Lamb was cooked perfectly, and Pig Vindaloo had a perfect crispy skin without being unbearably spicy (like some vindaloos). The only semi-disappointing dish I thought could've been skipped was the cauliflower. Come here so it can stick around forever! Reservations were really easy to make, and I think it should be more difficult for how good it was!
Found this place wandering around in Soho.  The wait staff are impeccably trained and every dish we ordered was uniquely amazing. The watermelon curry truly blew me away. It is as much about the service as it is the food and it redefined Indian food for me.-sidenote Dan the host/manager helped orchestrate our entire experience and was truly amazing.
Paowalla, is a high end Indian restaurant and I am usually disappointed by those, not this one. Chef Floyd Cardoz gives us dishes which are we don't usually see on Indian restaurant menus, which are dominated by Punjabi cuisine in Manhattan.I have dined at Paowalla twice, and both times, we have stuck to ordering lots of the small plates and very few entrees. I would recommend eating that way at Paowalla. My absolute favorite small plate has to be the shishito pakoras, they are amazing, sliced in the middle and sprinkled with pomegranate seeds, peanuts, onions and lots of lime. Its a must try, the shishito peppers are not crazy spicy so I am sure most people will enjoy this one. Eggs Kejriwal is another absolute favorite, its toast, with a fried egg on top and melted cheddar cheese, garnished with chili coconut oil, you have to give this one a try. The eggs patia, is a soft scramble which pairs very well with the Pav its served with. The baked crab is also particularly good, not spicy but seasoned really well. Wada pao, stays pretty authentic in a good way. The zinger was the 3 chili chicken, which was just crazy spicy but also really good, try this one at your own risk. The fries with coconut and spice mixture is unexpected and amazing. The chickpea chat is pretty standard. For entrees, we have tried the chicken tikka, the banana leaf dogfish and the upma polenta. All good, but my favorite is the chicken tikka.The cheese kulcha and the chutney sampler also deserve a special mention. I was not too impressed with the desserts, the gulab nut is just too sweet for my liking. The kulfi is pretty good, but I have had better. The service is very friendly and attentive. This place is not cheap, but its definitely something completely different from the usual run of the mill curry and roti drill. Give it a try.
I was so extremely disappointed by this restaurant.  Nothing in this meal was satisfying. The spices on the dishes were hardly cooked into any of the dishes. I was really expecting great fusion Indian cuisine but after a 200$ meal, I left the restaurant hungry. Extremely dissatisfied with the quality of this restaurant
We had a nice dinner, the atmosphere was great especially on a nice late summer evening when all the doors to the restaurant are open. The combination Portuguese and Indian in interesting. In the end (somewhat guided by our waiter) we ordered a bit too much food (but then when does this not happen). My favorites the 3 chili chicken and the chutneys with fresh naan
Pao Walla is a restaurant designed for tourists. I live across the street, and had been looking forward to trying it. When I got around to it last week, the experience was very disappointing, and left me with no desire to return. I guess that, with a celebrity chef and a prime location for tourist traffic in SoHo, there is no motivation on the part of the management to give diners an experience that makes them want to come back.After waiting for our table, in spite of a reservation, our waitress asked if we had ever been there before (does anyone respond affirmatively?). She went on to describe how there are different sized plates and how things come out "as they are prepared" rather than in a specified order. This was not a big deal, but the patronizing tone, as if we had never eaten at a restaurant before - or couldn't read the helpfully labeled menu ("large plates"), was unnecessary. Worse was the constant up-sell, after declining cocktails, we were offered a menu for wines-by-bottle. When we said we would be fine with a glass each, her exasperation was palpable. We ordered our meal, two small plates and two large plates, plus naan, and were encouraged to "order a couple vegetable sides" to go with. The asparagus, we were told, was especially good. And especially expensive. We were also encouraged to buy chutneys to go with our naan. My partner noted that he doesn't like chutney, and the waitress looked expectantly at me - "would you like to try it? You should get the sampler, you can try three." No thank you.Perhaps the disappointment our waitress felt after our order lead her to send our naan out at least five minutes before any other food. I understand food is sent "as it is prepared," I also know that naan is intended to accompany other food. By the time another dish reached the table, it was cold. Of our small plates, the chaat was tasty, but the calamari was tough and difficult to eat. The fabled asparagus was drenched in oil, and at its price, became almost humorous. I had asked the waitress to advise me on whether to order the sea bream or cod. After describing what type of fish each was, the only guidance she could provide was that the bream was "more spicy." I ended up ordering that, unfortunately. The fish was coated in sort of a brown, extremely salty, paste, and was accompanied with what is best described as a loaf of ramen noodles that had not been fully reconstituted. They were cold, fused together, and inedible. The chicken tikka that my partner ordered was better, but nothing to get excited about.Needless to say, we declined dessert.
After sampling the exquisitely prepared dishes, I consider this to be an outstanding restaurant featuring unique, tasty, and wonderfully prepared Indian fusion food. Before writing a Yelp review, I read prior comments to understand the opinions of others, and more importantly the expectations of the previous diners. The finely prepared dishes of Pao Walla, in my opinion, are to be savored, and appreciated for their subtle and complex flavors; they are refined versions of traditional Indian dishes and differ in the composition, preparation, and mix of spices. With this introduction, I offer the following review of the individual dishes that I sampled.Three chutneys and rosemary naan: The tomato kalonji chutney was reminiscent of baingan bartha slowly cooked with a tomato flavor but almost devoid of the characteristic sour acid overtone present in many sauces. There were hints of gentle spices including cumin without any particular flavor overpowering the chutney. The spicy chilli is hot, perhaps for most patrons too spicy if applied liberally to the naan. However, if you enjoy spicey and "chilli" hot, then you will relish this chutney. Finally, the mint cilantro chutney featured an ideal balance between the mint and cilantro, the proper ratio between chopped mint and cilantro without being too soggy or too "liquidy."The rosemary naan differs from the traditional preparation and should not be compared to the standard fare. Whereas traditional naan, in my experience, consists of a doughy interior with a more fully baked superficial crust, the Pao Walla naan is an almost wafer thin, semi crispy preparation that serves as an excellent platform for the chutneys. The garlic naan surprisingly offered a hint of garlic, sufficient to taste and appreciate, but not excessive and imparting the typical lingering garlic breath on the diner.The black pepper shrimp was tasty and simply prepared without being greasy or rubbery. I enjoyed the flavor profile, although somewhat of a one note.The rawa crusted dogfish thali was particularly enjoyable for its great preparation, nicely spiced with pepper, and breaded with a "dried cream of wheat" crust that offered a welcomed and pleasing crunch factor. The fish was moist, tender, and had a pleasing texture that was flaky. The accompanying watercress salad, tamarind pilaf, gingered greens, and dal were comparably prepared and again savored bite by bite while allowing the flavors to be sampled slowly.The rhubarb apple desert was enjoyable, albeit less than that of the other dishes. I appreciated the time devoted to the creation of the deconstructed crust, but thought that the overall flavor profile was less complex than that of the appetizers and entrees.In summary, Pao Walla is a great destination for diners seeking an Indian culinary tasting adventure featuring refined flavors, complex and rewarding tastes, and creative interpretations of traditional dishes. Yes, the portions are small, the prices are expensive, but well worth the cost if you are seeking a Indian culinary safari that is truly unique and one of a kind.
Had two very different experiences here. The first time I went we were a group of 4 and the other 3 were all vegetarian. We had a delightful server who recommended dishes which were all amazing. She took the time to discuss our tastes with us and recommended dishes accordingly. We ordered an assortment of dishes, of which the vada pao, the egg kejriwal, and gulab nut definitely stood out. The cocktails were also fantastic. I didn't even mind paying for the chutney (it's usually free lol and when you're paying for it you expect bigger quantities but the quantity was tiny). I went home satisfied and thought I had discovered another favourite. The second time I went we were a party of two- both non vegetarian. So we asked for non-veg recommendations. Our server this time was different and while I wouldn't call him rude, he wasn't the most pleasant. When asked for recommendations, he responded by saying that he can't judge because everyone has different tastes. We ordered the vada pao, which was great again. Everything else we ordered- the garlic naan, the nihari, and the three chilli chicken- was below average! The garlic naan had no garlic, and the nihari was as bland and tasteless as the three chilli chicken was spicy. My friend was so disappointed that he didn't even let me order the gulab nut for dessert, which I'm sure would have been excellent again. What I can conclude is that this restaurant is good for vegetarian food options, but the non veg dishes are sub-par. While I still might drop in for cocktails or dessert, the lacklustre service the second time around has ensured I wouldn't be going there to eat again. Deducting two stars for the bland non veg food and the service.
Great spot! It was easy to make a reservation and we were seated right away. The space is a bit small but it's nyc so that's expected. Decor was fun - loved the plates. The waiter was good and answered all of my questions very well - he did disappear for awhile and seemed very busy, but all the other staff picked up his slack so it wasn't noticeable. The food was all delicious but my favorites were the bacon, cheese stuffed bread and then braised short rib. DELICIOUS. Would highly recommend. On the pricier side but worth it.
Swayed by my love for Goan cuisine I convinced my husband a month in advance to try this unique establishment in Soho. Often walking by I saw the closed doors, before they opened up and was impressed by the ochre yellow paint on the outside.Finally the big day came by when I went on my dinner date and picked up the dishes I wanted.It was a pretty busy Wednesday night.We started with the squash blossom fritters and baked crab. Squash blossom was quite unique but not justified by the portion size, it also reminded me of my grandmother's pumpkin flowers dipped in chickpea batter, here the cheese was an addition.The crab came in a much smaller portion without any shell however was very ordinary; hard to find the crab meat amongst the tomatoes and spices!Soon the chef was seen making the rounds himself though we were not graced by his presence!We ordered the pork vindaloo an ubiquitous Goan cuisine and cheese kulcha, remember unlike other Indian places u do not get complimentary naan or rice! The entree was huge but was more sweet than sour and nowhere close to a real vindaloo u would get in Goa.We ended up trying the bebinca very tiny portion but awesome and that's something which is near impossible to get in the US. It was authentic and good. Service was good, waiting staff was attentive but the total bill came to more than 90 dollars for two people ! Good for a onetime experience, not worth a second try! Craving for Goan good head to Viva Goa in SFO for real Goan experience , pure and authentic!
Our waiter didn't really know what different menu items were. For one of them he actually described the dish as "something college kids love," but no actual description of the ingredients or meaningful details were provided. Just didn't make any sense. He also brought out the wrong entree. He wasn't rude, just seemed like he didn't really want to be there on a Friday night.Creative menu but the execution wasn't that impressive. I'd give 4 stars for the ambiance, 3 for food, and 2 stars for the service.
On a pleasantly cool evening, we finally decided to drop into Pao Walla, which we've been wanting to try for almost a year (they opened in July 2016). We asked them if they could give us a table in two hours, and they were able to accommodate us. We sat outside, and it was close to magical: a view of Soho's once bustling street now winding down on one side, and their charming interior on the other, infused with scents of rich Indian cuisine. We started with the cheddar cheese kulcha, so that we could take our time to peruse the enormous variety on their menu. It's like a quesadilla with an Indian touch: spice and a hint of chili. It was wonderfully warm and comforting, and I will definitely order it every time I come back!We decided on the pepper shrimp("small plate"), chicken tandoori kabob("large plate"), garlic naan, and lentil daal ("side") for our mains. Let me start by saying there was little portion difference between the small and large plate: four large shrimps with no accompaniments versus five pieces of chicken with a touch of greens. That was  disappointing for my friend who is a big eater, so we found the tandoori to be on the underwhelming side. That being said it was succulent, flavorful, and cooked just right. On the other hand, the shrimp was probably the only downfall of the entire evening- it was SO peppery (not hot, but overly spiced), I literally couldn't eat it. The daal was subtle but satisfying, and the naan was fantastic. When we finished our main dishes, we were definitely ready for desert, because we had lots of room left! Earlier, we neither sought out advice, nor was any offered, but now we were asking for recommendations given the misunderstanding regarding portion size. We settled on two deserts- vanilla bean kulfi and Goan bibinka - and they were both PHENOMENAL. I would go back for those, and give other entrees a shot. Take home: You need to order more dishes here than you would elsewhere, and if you're coming with big appetites prepare to spend. As I mentioned before, there is so much variety, so I would come again, but only when planning to splurge and treat ourselves!
Had high expectations as I am a huge foodie and absolutely love indian food. I had the heirloom tomatoes that were drenched in a dressing that I forgot I was actually eating tomatoes. No Bueno! Chef recommended and I'm still trying to understand why.....Had chicken tikka that was super moist. It didn't have the traditional tikka masala I was hoping for. Had a couple other apps. Bottom line, heading back to my go to indian tamarind. Nice ambience but not a fav at all! :(
4.5 I'd say. I was super impressed by everything we ate! Never had the chance to go to Tabla, so I was excited to hear of the opening of Paowalla -- and definitely not disappointed after going there. As vegetarians, we had plenty of options, though not a ton of main courses. It wasn't a problem though, as lots of small plates and veggie side dishes were available. Standouts were: heirloom tomato salad, which was sort of a tomato chaat with an incredible, tangy, pungent sauce/chutney and fresh tulsi. It seemed so simple but was layered with powerful, assertive punch. The baked eggplant dish was also memorable. It was cooked in a comforting and soothing coconut milk masala and served with peanuts. The shishito pakoras were awesome as was the simple yet especially yummy dal, unexpectedly topped with ground cardamom. The sourdough naan was nothing special. I actually preferred the whole wheat roti (which was tandoori style) , which we got after finishing the naan. My only critique was how the dishes were brought out sort of randomly. Ultimately we wanted to eat everything together-- especially naan with sabjis/side dishes, but our naan came out a solid 10 mins before anything of the things we wanted to eat it with. Pretty minor in the end. Highly recommended for a special occasion!
The ambiance is good but the food leaves much to be desired. The salad is so salty that I have to add a whole glass of water to it to make it edible. and the portion size is too small.
This has to be among the worst meals I have had in NYC. I'm especially disappointed as I am Indian and had very high hopes for Chef Floyd Cardoz's new place. The drinks were ok at best. Very dilute and quite pricy at $15 . We had something with vodka, ginger and pepper. 6/10 . The bartender was charming and extra points for that!The ambience : beautiful lighting and very hip. 8/10The food: Starters : Cheese kulcha with trio of Chutneys. At $10 the Kulcha ( the size of an average roti) is a complete rip off! It was tasty yes but for that price I was expecting exceptional. 4/10Chutneys: Charging for chutney ( and $7 at that ) is beyond ridiculous at an Indian restaurant ! It's like a Mexican place charging for hot sauce. That being saying it would have been forgiven if the chutneys were fresh ground, interesting flavors or just plain fantastic. The portions were tiny .. We ordered the chili ( ok but a little sweet!!) , mango ( best of the lot) and tomato ( very ordinary). 1/10The vada Pao- when you call yourself Pao-wallah .. Excellent Pao is expected. Lackluster - we got cold Pao, with stuffing which was nowhere as flavorful as mumbai's legendary street food. The garlic dry chutney was missing on the Pao and we only got a sprinkling on the side ( not enough!) . To add insult to injury we only got 1 vada Pao for $9. It's the size of a small slider. 3/10 The squash blossom pakoras were the saving grace. The tomato chutney served with it was refreshing and light and cut the deep fried pakoras well. 7/10My biggest disappointment for the night was the keels style banana leaf skate - it smelt funny and wasn't cooked well - I was waiting all day for this dish and couldn't have more than a bite . Awful ! Awful! They took something I love and made me dislike it ...Service : the service was great until my hostess checked in on my skate . The minute I told her it was undercooked and I didn't like it . She vanished without a word and never came back to our table! ( before that she checked in a few times to ensure we were ok). Also she seemed pushy and tried to get us to order more than we wanted or could eat to the point of making us uncomfortable.We wanted to try the gulab nut but they were out - at this point we decided to cut our loses and go home. NEVER AGAIN!!!
I was fortunate enough to go with a large group last night so able to try a bunch of dishes I hadn't had before!  I could go through the whole list because everything was superb but of what we had I would say don't miss following apps: chicken with chiles; ceviche, which was kobia last night; chutney sampler - be sure to get lemon; cheese kulcha, bacon naan or both.  For entrees we had the sea bream which was phenomenal -- beautifully cooked, meaty, perfectly boned and with great use of spice in the rechado masala filling.  The Goan Chorizo Biryani was awesome for our party of six to share around with other entrees.  Goat, eggplant, again too many items to mention.To see how different Paowalla cooking can be from other Indian try the Chicken Tikka: so delicious, so simple, so different that anything sharing that Tikka moniker.Our server Kim was knowledgeable and lovely and the whole team was super gracious and welcoming.  The space is beautiful!  Hard to believe it was once Mezzogiorno.  I look forward to going back to check out brunch and for lunch when that comes along!Start with a Kachumba Cooler or Tamarind Margarita if you want to be transported back to Tabla days otherwise there are lots of other great beer, wine, cocktails and some cool gins and rums!  Check it out, go soon, have a blast!
YUMYUM. I recommend all the chutneys and love the cheddar cheese bread things. Everything is delicious and interesting!!
I live in the neighborhood so always looking for a 'go-to' restaurant and would return to Paowalla.  The whole wheat roti and sourdough nan were the best breads I've ever had in Indian restaurant here and abroad.  Raita was also the best - thick and peppery with good amount of cardamon.  Tandoori chicken very tasty though some pieces were a little scary pink.  Lemon chutney a little too sweet but we ate it all.  The vindaloo pork was enjoyed by the meat eaters though lacking a little heat.  a big plus:  the tandoori chicken was accompanied by really fresh and good amount of watercress and was a good surprise.  A dish of spinach also fresh and tasty.We go to restaurants to relax, talk, etc and somehow the service was a little too fast -- as if we were being somewhat rushed.  We had to ask the waiter to wait a bit -- which he very graciously did.  But, i felt 'hurried' even though there were a few empty tables.Summary:  we did enjoy the dishes and were pleasantly surprised. We will probably return.
New place that takes Indian cuisine to a more upscale level and it actually tastes great! I am not a fan normally but was pleasantly surprised. One item on the menu was weird which is Curizo spread and buns. I know that it's a thing from Goa and Portuguese influence however living in Portuguese area this fish in particular is almost like a thing around the corner in a deli. Bread just like too casual. Would twist the spread with something else and replace buns with some flat bread or something... Everything else was great!
It was a joy to visit this new Indian dining experience. It has been getting rave reviews, and the menu and meal were tantalizing! There were many original dishes, so many fusion surprises, and numerous popular foods from India that haven't made it to most tables (Bombay Wada Pao, Egg Kerjiwal). Starting with cocktails, the Tamarind Margarita was great! We went crazy with a big selection of small plates (Shishito Pakoras are amazing!), breads (Tingmo is a specialty, whole wheat nan stuffed with Aloo Gobi) and chutneys. OMG! Then, a few entrees shared among us (flakey Halibut, chicken Tikka) with sides like a delicious eggplant and unexpected "French Fries" with coconut & chilies. And, top it off, this Indian restaurant has great dessert (Gulab Nut, Kolfi and something wonderful with saffron)! Fascinating flavors and pretty to look at.
Rated a four because I did not eat here. As far as drinks go, they are delightful in taste as well as presentation. Great happy hour pricing. Cute but small patio area-perfect for enjoying a cocktail or two!
Food was quite good some of the combinations I didn't think would work but it did like the eggplant and peanuts it was really good. Baked crab didn't disappoint easy and light. Coconut garlic fries was good it was crunchy French fries but it was yum anyway seasoned perfectly The service however was subpar -- when we first sat the waitress came over a lot and we told her give us 5 min when we were finally ready she didn't come. We had questions on menu and explanation wasn't appetizing one phrase used was this is just eggs on baguette .. Yea no thanks sounds boring. Halfway thru meal server came by to check on us and we wanted to order more bread truly server walks by how is everything picks up empty place and we said we want to order more she goes oh ok everything going great and keeps Walking. Guess server preoccupied or we were just boring!? Trying to pay no where to be found the server helper help bring us the check even though I had already asked server 2x her assistant (?) bring the bill but doesn't leave me a pen to sign ... What kind of unorganized place is thisOverall food good but nothing where I would crave and want to go back.  Besides the service just didn't do it for me
Best Indian food I have ever had! I don't know if many other Indian restaurants who have such food! It's a little pricey but it's worth it.
We tried SoHo's newest Indian fusion restaurant, Paowalla. I have been to a lot of Indian restaurants and have been to India twice so I was expecting a lot. The highlights of our meal were the fried Shishitto peppers and the vindaloo ribs. We were really disappointed by the paos. They are traditionally cut in half and toasted and ours looked like dinner rolls....really unimpressed considering that Pao is in the name of the restaurant. The service was good (with the best and quickest water refills) and the ambiance was great.
Amazing food and service. Passionate and knowledgeable about everything on the menu. There were 6 of us who shared multiple dishes and found the food to be fresh, flavorful and made with true passion.
Would not recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic Indian food. The portions are small too. Tapioca pilaf was good but sour. Saag Paneer was weird with big pieces of spinach and no cottage cheese. Khichdi, polenta stuffed with mushroom tasted good. Pakoras and egg kejriwal were good for starters and the quantity was decent too, as compared to main course.
My boyfriend and I went to dinner here for Valentine's Day. The menu looked awesome and we were really excited. We saw that it was really pricey ($85 pp, drinks not included) but assumed it would be a lot of tasty, impressive food. We were wrong! The food portions were ridiculously small - and I've eaten at plenty of small plates establishments - but this was comical! The 3 small starters came out at lightning speed as did the large plates, all of which were insanely small and unimpressive. All of a sudden we had dessert on our table without ever having been served our 3 sides! When I told the waiter, he didn't apologize, but instead 5 mins later someone brought sides to our table, AS WE WERE EATING DESSERT. It was so awkward when we sent them away because, uh, we were eating dessert. The only thing they offered us were after dinner drinks on the house.I can't speak to what it's like on a regular night, but they are out of their minds to charge people that kind of money for below average food and bad service. Not sure what they're going for, but this is certainly not what it's cracked up to be.Skip this place - find something else in the area - there are plenty of places that are much better!
Finally made it in. Food was really good. Although something in the large plates was overpowering and had them all tasting the same, which was really weird. Small plates, chutneys and breads were great. The service, while warm and pleasant, was woefully slow. It is expensive at over $100 for two without alchohol and no desserts. I would recommend giving it a try.
Nice concept and ambience, the drinks are great as well. We ordered a ton of things on the menu... it all tested really good.... but be prepared for home type food espically lemon rice and sabudana khichdi
Highly overrated Indian Fusion Restaurant .We ordered Vada Pav , Ramb Naan and Artichoke Bhel Puri. All of them were such a let down ! Artichoke Bhel Puri can actually choke youartichokes were so tough and it didn't complement the mango and apple that went into the Bhel . Vadapav was just alright , didn't taste fresh .Overall the restaurant didn't live up to all the hype , whole place is pretty chaotic and the staff keep running around pretending to be busy and that's pretty funny .
A very lovely experience.A lovely space and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly.The breads are terrific and the salads and chicken liver marsala are otherworldly.The drink service is very slow and the fries lacked crunch and were soggy but flavorful.The chutney array trio was also missing the mark with the lemon too tart and the tamarind slightly bitter.However these are minor glitches for a new restaurant.The chef made his rounds and was generous with his time and wanting to hear all the details good and bad.The servers knew all the minutia and were wonderful in their descriptions.The flavours were interesting and satisfying.We will be back soon- go and enjoy and put yourself in their hands- you will be very pleased.
Love the food all together... great Indian flavors taking into  account seasonal ingredients and NYC flair.
My family (7) and I were rushing to find a breakfast place before our flight left in the afternoon, and the staff at Paowalla opened 15 minutes early to seat us and accommodate our rather large group (we had no prior reservations). The waiter not only took time to introduce each dish on the menu and recommend the best, he was extremely kind and knowledgeable about the food served. Overall, each dish was fantastic and the service was quick, allowing my family to make our afternoon flight in plenty of time. Amazing food, great experience, cute restaurant. 10/10
Solid 4.5 stars. No question about it. Floyd does a phenomenal job at his new restaurant. The standout cocktail is their version of Moscow mule which is called Cast Iron Buck and the second best is their cucumber margarita. The pork rib vindaloo may be the best vindaloo I've ever had. Now it's not spicy hot but not everything needs to be hot and for those that think that vindaloo is supposed to be ridiculously spicy, let me remind you it's a recipe that everyone modifies per taste. No grandmother in Goa is making it like the one next door. But this one may be the best thing on the menu. The second best thing is the chorizo and bacon Biryani. As advertised it's amazing and I would highly recommend it. The chilli chicken appetizer is spicy and great. The only thing I would say needs slight improvement is the speed with which drinks are delivered but the food is just awesome. If you go which I think you must definitely go with an empty stomach because the portions of pork vindaloo and Biryani are HUGE.
So disappointing.  I'm not sure I want to live in a world where you can drop $50+ (one person, no drinks) for a single meal but still go home hungry.  But here we are, in Trump's America, where any striving immigrant can arrive here with a dream and a plan to gouge the populace with overpriced "ethnic food".  The Elysian Fields lamb dish might have lived up to its name if it had actually included more than 2 pieces of lamb; perhaps a more accurate title would have been "Lentil Curry with A Bit of Lamb Chop, Also Here's a Bone Thrown In For Some Reason".  The saving grace?  It was admittedly tasty.  However, the same could not be said of the beef short rib dish, which featured an unpleasantly thin, sour sauce to go along with another vanishingly tiny portion of meat.  Fluke crudo was similarly forgettable, and the cocktails were $15, and I frankly wasn't sure a highball glass of "gin, turmeric, lemon and honey" was ever going to be worth that.    I guess the garlic naan was alright.       According to this restaurant's website: "The name "Paowalla" pays homage to people who bake and sell bread, and typically ride around town on their bicycles."  A bit ironic that one would name their place after such a humble profession while at the same time ensuring that nobody in that socioeconomic class could ever afford to eat here in good conscience.  It's probably not a good sign that afterwards, I had to go and top it off at a real mecca of Indian food: unda aloo rolls at the Kati Roll Company.
Been here more than once and the only items worth eating are the vegetarian appetizers. The same was true of the Tabla  the previous restaurant the chef worked at. He now we were told owns this one. The chickpea chaat, Wanda Pao, and Squash Blossom were good. All appetizers. Not worth however coming to SOHO for but far better than the Saag Paneer that was served with the water in which the spinach was cooked. The waiter simply said that this is the way we do it here this is not a traditional saag. As though we did not have an idea of what this chef claimed to be preparing. No flavor to the spinach served with tomatoes and what appeared to be goat cheese. The rice pilaf I am sure was not even basmati with little or no taste. The dal was acceptable and the cheese Kulcha one could almost eat the second slice. The only reason for two stars is that the wine by the glass was good and reasonably priced.
I should start by letting you know that this meal at Paowalla was my first attempt at anything Indian in 5+ years following a rough outing after some bad goat vindaloo. My reunion was tenuous but turned out deliciously. Paowalla is a fragrant and flavorful modern fusion of all of the best tastes of India, paired with some unexpected favorites such as baby pork belly in vindaloo. The bone marrow is a must!!!!  The atmosphere is welcoming and has a trendy upbeat vibe. The cocktail menu doesn't disappoint either!
I always knew, all my life that I loved Indian cuisine, but also intuited that I hadn't yet really tasted it. When I went to Tabla, master chef Floyd Cardoz' Danny Meyer collaboration over 10 years ago, my eyes were opened to the wonders of the creativity and high excellence of the cuisine.  I tasted the clean, careful, distinct, complex, satisfying and vibrant flavors I'd always dreamed could be possible.  When I heard about Paowalla, and that it was Chef Cardoz' new creation, I rushed there. Friday was our fourth time dining in the restaurant.  I believe that I can say with full confidence that Paowalla surpasses Tabla and that Chef Cardoz' pure culinary genius is flourishing in full and glorious form at his new chef owned-and operated SoHO jewel. Our meal was truly outstanding and even our discerning (picky) friends from Italy (who have had business operations in Delhi and know Indian food quite well) were lauding high praise on the food, over and over again as each course came out. I want to note that chickpea chat is a must-have and is refreshing and textured with fresh and aged (I think) garbanzo beans, tamarind and fresh herbs. It's healthy, outstanding and brings the palate and the imagination to life. It's the on-ramp to the whole Paowalla dining experience.  We also had all the nans which are obviously phenomenal, fresh and steaming, and the fabulous distinct and fresh chutneys. I'm including below just some of the memorable dishes that we've had, and that we come back for driven by regular cravings. I could not recommend Paowalla more highly. The cuisine touches the heights of flavor intensity and balance, creativity, satisfaction and vibrancy that is truly rare. We treasure this utterly wonderful dining destination. Five stars.Essential and utterly delicious and fresh: Roasted Green Chickpea Chaat, Sweet Onions, Chilies, TamarindOustanding and springingly fresh and vibrant: Bengali Roasted Baby Carrot Salad Pine Nuts, Lime JuiceDecadent, satisfying and comforting. Delicious: Egg Kejriwal, Cheddar Cheese, Coconut-Chili ChutneyA finely tuned treasure of a dish with fresh watermelon and crisp fish (that's not fried!) Rice Flaked Halibut, Watermelon Curry, LimeThis is simply the best Tandoori we've ever had: Tandoori Chicken Kebab, Watercress Salad, Lemon ChutneyAmazing even by American steak lover standards: SirloinBeautiful, exotic, fresh and complex:  Fish cooked in banana leaf
We enjoyed the food and ambiance enough here that it deserves a 4 stars, but my heart almost pulled me down to 3 because we were hoping for more from a Chef Cardoz restaurant.  The appetizers were definitely the best part, with the chili chicken standing out.  We found the cheese naan to be pretty unimpressive, it reminded us more of a plain quesadilla than something from a high quality indian restaurant.  The chicken tikka dish had the chicken cooked perfectly, but the dish itself didn't have any flavors that blew us away.  I'd *highly* recommend getting the chutney sampler, largely because we regularly used the chutneys to add flavor to things that we found a bit lacking.  This review sounds negative, but the food was quite good, just didn't knock us out of our shoes.
We were anxiously awaiting this dinner as we love Indian food and had enjoyed Floyd Cardoz' creative non-traditional Indian food at Tabla.Not knowing what to order we chose the tasting menu because it offered so many tastes.In general the food was good, maybe very good, but not up to our expectations considering the chef and the price.The appetizers were very good with the chat being the star.The second course featured a roasted sea bream with rice noodles--the fish was very tasty, but the noodles were flavorless and mushy, black pepper shrimp (one for each of us) which was very good and tandoori chicken kebob which was nicely seasoned and cooked.The third course consisted of Pork Rib Vindaloo which was tasty, but not exceptional and had only one rib for two people(!), Three Lentil Dal which was nice, but only enough for each of us to have about 2 tablespoons and Goan Choriz and Bacon Biryani which was a nice portion and very tasty.  What really astounded us is that the pork ribs came two Pao (one for each couple) which are indistinguishable from Pillsbury rolls and not any better.The desserts:  Grilled pineapple (one slice, but very nicely seasoned) and Vanilla Bean Kulfi was a real disappointment, lacking in flavor and richness.All of this came for $70 per person, not worth it in my opinion.  Maybe my expectations were too high.Also, a note on the ambiance:  Nice trendy look with some outdoor seating. Music: maybe attractive to a younger set, but techno-music is not my cup of tea for dining.
After reading all the hype about this place, boy were we disappointed.We sat at the bread bar which was cool, unfortunately the server couldn't spend time with us because he was constantly in the way of others. Even when trying to talk to him, he would be looking around the restaurant -- not giving us the time of day. He also rolled his eyes when we asked him what was recommended, popular or about specials. We never felt completely welcome witWe started with the chutneys and garlic naan, which was good, probably the best part of the meal. Our appetizers were the shishito pakoras, which was heavy on the cilantro but still a 5/5. We also had the stuffed calamari which was basically rubber and inedible. It was completely awful. The Lamb we ordered was only okay. For the dessert we ordered the vanilla bean Kulfi which was good, but not great.Overall, it didn't live up to our hype and the next time we return, we'd have a drink and naan only.
Too pricey for the quantity and quality of food (Assuming you prefer authentic Indian food with all its spices). The service is good but that's as far as it gets.
Most disapointing meal in my years living in New York. Extremely overpriced, small portions of mediocre food. The waiter opens up by telling you the menu is meant to be shared and that entrees are large but nothing too overwhelming. This is what you expect from an indian restaurant at this price point. What we recieved however were small portions and hastely aranged plates. Some flavors were interesting... but nothing too "overwhelming". Some parts of the dinner were truely hard to believe. The chutneys are tiny cups of salsas, each one costs $7 and in any other restaurant you would probably get them complementary. We were expeciting the special "french fries" would be something interesting and fun, not the seemingly FROZEN variety that we recieved with some coconut shavings on top?! Each passing member of the wait staff kept asking if we wanted another tamarind margarita and got disappointed when we decided not to get a more drinks or a bottle of wine. We ended up paying $100 per person, 4 drinks 2 apetizers 2 entrees and frozen food.We came for a special night with good food but Paowalla seems more interested in serving you Tamarind MargaritasWe feel robbed.
I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. Food was stellar. Service was friendly and we able to answer all my questions. We will definitely be back!!!Make sure you get ALL of the breads and anything vegetable focused. That's where Chef Cardoz and his team really show off!
I don't write reviews. But I was surprised by how disappointing the food was. I don't want others to make the same mistake. Basically it was 50/50 odds of hits and misses; I expect higher for the reputation and price point. Starters: pakoras, sweet potato chaat, chili chicken are winners. But the pao? Yuck. The bread was dense and not warm, I didn't finish it! How do you mess up your namesake item? Aloo gobi paratha was also disappointing. It was covered in butter but barely stuffed with either any aloo or gobi. The fall salad was really sad. Not bad, just didn't have much to offer, so sad. Mains and Sides: We all enjoyed the skate that was recommended to us. The lamb was good but not great. But what was actually gross is the cauliflower side. This should be removed from the menu. Whatever you do, do not order this. It's basically steamed and slathered with uncooked spices. Paowalla, please reconsider offering this dish. Dessert: Meh. I couldn't stop thinking about how we paid money for the cauliflower. It basically couldn't get worse, but it also wasn't good. If you want to blow the money on some modern Indian go to Junoon or BabuJi instead.
Great new spin at Indian food. For people who enjoy spicy food the chili chicken is a must try!
4 for food, 3 for service. The tingmo, shishitos, and raita were delish. Lamb curry, apple potato and garlic naan were fine. The service was not ok. We finished our app before our wine came, took 20 minutes to order the rest of our food, they forgot our second round of drinks and clears our plates and asked if we wanted to see the dessert menu before we got our entree. Floyd was there which was cool but you would think the service would be incredible with the chef in the house!
Overrated food. The only positive? The dried Chick peas sampler. The pepper shrimp was not good as I make better at home!  The chicken was tender and good but I would definitely not come here again. Not one single desi (paki or Indian) in the room except myself! That's a sure sign --people come here just for the location -- not worth it. Go to Lexington ave.much better restaurants!!
Limited Menu. And most not so good. We ordered burrata dal and they plomped a large piece of burrata in dal- result dal was cold and burrata didn't go with dal. Drunken mango lassi had overpowering taste of rum- no mango flavour. Our order of platter of chutneys was served wrong- no mint cilantro even though server said it is her favourite. And when cheque was given, I was asked if I enjoyed my meal. I said no and that was end of conversation - no effort to find out what was good or not good. Overall one of my worst experiences in a restaurant in New York. Same chef has a restaurant in Mumbai- Bombay Canteen which my favourite and quite a contrast to this one.
Very average. Cocktails we crap. Breads were good. Other dishes were so-so.
Very disappointing experience! I took my friends who are originally from Egypt to this supposedly really good restaurant for them to try Indian fusion. I was hoping to like it but sadly it was one of the worst restaurants I have ever been to.The hostess and the serving staff were unwelcoming and had an attitude. They were very knowledgeable about the food and what's in it but that's about it.The food was AWFUL! No taste and too much ghee or oil or whatever. The pepper shrimp was excessive pepper and not edible.  The khichdi polenta was so useless. How can this place even get one star - yikes!! We didn't even want to look at the dessert menu and we left as fast as we could. And for such a third rate experience, the prices make no sense. Lastly, it was hot and stuffy inside. They finally turned the AC on 2 hours later. Overall the worst experience ever for overly priced awful food. I wouldn't ever go back there again.
The food is great. No doubt about it. However it is pretentious in its pricing and portion size. Most dishes are fashioned from the incredibly flavorful Indian street style food called "chaat" but let's be honest, $6 for 2 teaspoon worth of tomato chutney is insane. I hate myself for giving into the hype and ordering it. Again, it was tasty but I'll make it at home with a few tomatoes, some kalonji and a mixer. Unlike most Indian restaurants in the city, the spice level is NOT dialed down , which I liked. Tried 4 small plates: chicken tikka (spicy!), egg kejriwal (my favorite), pakora and vada pao. Naan was warm and lovely. Kachumber lite didn't need to be spicy but it worked for myhusband, not me. All in all, my middle class Indian upbringing will haunt me for eating overpriced Indian chaat. Won't go again and torn over whether or not I'll be recommending it to others. I repeat, food tasted very very good.
The food here is amazing! The fusion of Indian and American was beautifully done! Definitely must order the cheese naan and the Upma!
Went to Paowala with a lot of expectation. Unfortunately, you feel ripped off for a slightly above average dinner experience. Ordered the Shishito peppers, chili chicken, cheese naan and chutney sampler- chili chicken was good but not very different from what u get at an Indo Chinese place. Shishito peppers Bhajia was essentially 4 thin peppers cut in half lengthwise, made into pakoras and topped with Bhel mixture.....yawn.....and paying $7 for tiny portions of chutneys!! That's like paying for salsa at a Mexican taquiteria.  The cheese naan was like a glorified cheese quesadilla- bland and nothing special.Bacon biryani was just like a jambalaya I make at home- no depth of flavor that you expect from a biryani at $ 60!!!Way overpriced We will not return
The food was good but nothing really blew our minds. The spies we felt were a little too toned down. I think we wanted a little more zing and complexity in the dishes.The service was really snobby and for the price, we didn't feel like they were "accommodating" When I walked in there was a group of servers hanging out chatting in a group with their backs to our table and then when we were walking out of the restaurant, the server walked in my way instead of out of my way to let us out of the tight space. Seeing that my glass was empty, the waiter asked if I wanted a second lassi but when I said no, he just walked away and didn't take my empty glass. At the end of the day, we just didn't feel welcomed, we felt like a nuisance. Overall experience was really "meh" - overpriced with ok food. We weren't exactly stingy with our ordering and yet we felt like the service was "too cool" for us.If you have money to burn and like relatively mild not to intense Indian food, this might be the place for you but we will not be going back. There are tastier and cheaper places on curry hill.
way above average but far from spectacular. The flavors were interesting and reminded one of the authentic flavors of india, yet ...this chef is capable of so much more.
Some hits, some misses, but overall a good dining experience.  Came here with a group of 6 so we tried a lot of the small and large dishes.  Highlights were all the bread and chutney options, the lamb entree, and the halibut.  I wouldn't say it is as good as Tabla, but if you are looking for high end Indian with a focus on seafood and Goan flavors, I would give this place a try.
The best Indian food in town and I've been to many. The dishes all have a unique characteristic and I've yet to find a dish I don't like. The staff is great and welcoming and the chef is friendly and always invested in his patrons.
We went in to this restaurant expecting a modern twist on good, authentic Indian food. We were optimistic b/c of the highly decorated chef. But alas, despite a few positives, nearly everything about this place was a letdown.AMBIENCE/LOCATION------------+ Nice atmosphere. + Near SoHo, so good location. SERVICE ----------+ professional, engaged waiter, knowledgable and experienced people + got a glimpse of the kitchen, and they seemed to be working like a well-oiled machine.- yet, service was hovering, mosquito like. struggled to eat without someone staring at us from a corner. FOOD-------+ drinks were awesome. beer, cocktails, non-alcoholic cucumber cooler all great. - Vada Pau was really bland, in terms of presentation and flavor. Real disappointment,considering that this place is named after the pao bread. Rasa in Bay Area serves the same dish with amazing flavor and presentation.- chickpea chaat was overpowered by too many chutneys, again no presentation points.- the chili chicken had flavour, but was way too salty. The dish was 3/4 chills and 1/4 chicken. ugh. - chicken entree wasn't that flavorful. Served on top of a salad, seemed like the chef ran out of ideas. Again, pretty bland in flavor and presentation. + it was, however cooked well. Very soft.+ the mushroom polenta dish was the only good one. Flavorful, plentiful, and well balanced. - naan was cold and not cooked right. it was just wrong, and that's coming from an Indian. - chili cheese lacha parantha was bland. perfect for a 5 year old, but not for a $200 dinner. - complimentary dessert was horrible. greasy, sugary, and just all around gross. our family of four, including two sugar hungry kids, couldn't even eat 1/8 of it. Would not recommend this for anyone, regardless if you are looking for a modern twist on Indian food or just good food in general. This place does not represent Indian food like it should, and doesn't live up to the hype. Only go if you're desperate for some drinks.
If I could give this no stars, I would.  Overrated! Overpriced ((over $200 + tip for 2 people)!  Inedible (sodium laden) crap! After looking forward to trying this highly-touted place,It's a big fat ZERO. Never again...
Attitude.  If you like snobbery attitude this is the place to go.  As a New Yorker even I was insulted. Can't tell you what the food or drinks are like because they surely didn't care if I was there.  So I left.  Good news. Across the street were good restaurants with good attitudes.
The restaurant seemed interesting with the great food photos and exciting menu. We had to go in early to get a place. The staff was kind enough to get us a table. The food though was average and maybe a case of setting up too high expectations in the first place. The 'Goan' style cod was good. The wada pao and the eggplant with peanuts were ok. The 'French fries' with coconut sprinkled on top is best avoided. The staff can do with more lessons on the food itself and what will make a good combination. Worth a visit for anyone who wants to try something new - but keep expectations low.
My friend and I had a very lackluster experience. First off all, they bring allthe food out so fast they just want you out. Now to the food: The shrimpappetizer was like eating cardboard and it smelled, it was very low grade shrimp and something that was barely edible. My friend had thechicken appetizer and she said the same thing, the chicken was fatty andhad no taste. Not the quality you would expect for this place.The garlic naan was dry and maybe the worst i ever had. The only dish i likedwas the cauliflower. The pakora was Ok, but very fried. I was expectingdifferent sauces for stuff, it came with nothing!One of my worst dining food experiences in a long time!
I stopped here because I was hungry and tired of looking for food. Plus, it had pleasant outdoor tables. I ordered a chicken thali for lunch that I needed a microscope to see. Very average, not worth $21. If you want a good thail, stick with curry hill. Better food, more food, half the price. Really not worth it. Maybe it theyd had a lunch special, but I didnt see one on the menu.
Amazing food and outstanding service. Quick and efficient. Very knowledgeable wait staff. Great ambiance with lighting and good music! Can't wait to go back.
Another NYT hyped up underachiever.  Service quite nice and attentive.  Breads, despite the glowing reviews and slathered with ghee,  were scarcely better than those at most Indian restaurants.  Tandoori octopus had the consistency of a sneaker.  Almost inedible.  Baked crab had nice flavor.  Chicken tika, delicious, moist, however salad beneath was flooded with salt...and $25 for 6-7 cubes of chicken.  Stick to the basics..get them right.
Never again!! Overpriced food for not so great quality. Ambience (8/10) was great. Lighting perfect, music not too loud or too soft so my first impressions were great. Appetizer (5/10) - cheddar cheese kulcha with three chutneys. Kulcha was good but nothing to blow my mind. Chutney (1/10) was underwhelming at best. if I'm paying extra for chutneys I expect it to be out of this world. Nothing that I wouldn't get at a regular Indian restaurant. Small plate - squash blossom pakora (8/10) -  pakoras came to the table piping hot. Well flavored goat cheese, smooth texture, outer shell was crispy. At this point I'm thinking there's some redemption. Small plate - Vada Pao (3/10). For a restaurant names Pao walla I'm expecting a fantastic Pao. The Pao came to the table somewhat cold, bread wasn't even toasted or buttered, tamarind sauce had chunky tamarind sauce (on the positive side chunky = fresh?). Total disaster.
The paowala has amazing Bombay pao! And liver fish is very good. We were in big group and tried both large dishes - chicken and pork . I must say stick to small plates they are delicious . Large dishes and not at all good that's why I am giving just 3.
Went for brunch and loved it! Beautiful, bright, airy space with modern decor, get a window seat if you can. They have several Indian-inspired brunch options; we got the fried egg roti, masala omelette, and shishito pakoras. Enjoyed all of them but especially the roti (I have a soft spot for basically any roti but this one was great). The namesake pao bread resembles a dinner roll and is basically nice fluffy buttery bread. The only thing I will say is the chai tea is a touch overpriced, I remember it being $7 for a smallish cup of chai tea that wasn't particularly amazing.Loved this place and would come back to try dinner.
The name is a bit misleading, but nonetheless the taste buds were going crazy. If you're looking for an Indian restaurant this is not it, BUT if you're looking for a weird twist on Indian spices and dishes, this is definitely a good experience. Along with every, other review on Yelp, I too have to agree that the Cheese Kulcha was great, along with the Spicy Chili Chutney. Small dishes but filling as well. Not the place to be a picky eater, you just have to enjoy the Chef's creativity.
It's only been a week since this place has been open so keep in mind that there's some glitches this place has to work out.. The food was defiantly better than the service ..the chef is the same one from tabla which I loved and miss!! The menu is mostly fusion American and Indian w more American influence. It took a long time for us to get our first drinks over 20 min which I guess I'm not really used to. We got the kulcha bread w cheese and chutneys which was beyond good probably the best thing we had in our meal . My husband and I shared the blackened shrimp which was delicious but the portion was extremely small ( only three shrimp for the two of us) and the green chicken tikka. I was in the mood for curry but just a warning there is no curry !!! My waiter didn't tell us that and we ordered the chicken tikka w the nan wo knowing that there was no curry to dip with which i normally would think you would get in an Indian restaurant Z I was disappointed in that the menu wasn't exactly Indian but the manager more than made up for it w a complimentary drink for my husband. Overall the good was excellent but the service needs a step up !!!
My friend and I went here for the first time last night and it was such a great experience! Neither of us have had much Indian style cuisine before, so we weren't quite sure how we wanted to tackle the menu. We sat at the bar and the bartender, Joey, was super helpful and gave great recommendations on dishes we should try. We ended up splitting a few different smaller dishes - the Cheddar Cheese Kulcha and Barkha's Goan Bibinca Apple Compote at dessert were our favorites - but everything we tried was delicious. He also made us some really tasty cocktails! So food was great, drinks were great, service was great (the rest of the staff was very friendly and welcoming too)...all-in-all a wonderful evening to try something new! I'll definitely be going back!
As I am a huge fan of Indian food and I got so excited when I got a chance to try 'Paowalla' and it happens to be a stone throw from my house so I needed it to be good and dear god was it GOOD!!! As soon as we sat down we smelled the spices and started salivating as the 'somewhat' smallish dishes  kept passing us. We ordered a lot as our eyes were so enticed but in the end glad we did, we were three and we had the ' sampler' chutneys ; Tamarind, Tomato Kalonji and Spicy Chili of which the Tamarind was the least favorite, we like spicy!!! We then later ordered the Mint-Cilantro chutney with main course. The accompanying breads we ordered were Pao and the Roti. Ok the PAO is da BOMB!!! So fluffy and delicious!!! We were  in heaven. MUST Order was the Baked Crab, the goatcheese filled Squash Blossom pakoras and the TO DIE FOR Fluke Ceviche which in our opinion ROCKED!!!! After that we shared the Chicken Tikka that was grilled to perfection and with the yummiest charr! What was that chicken marinated in??? Simply delicious! I will return as it now is my new favorite in my neighborhood!
Walked in on a Friday night at around 6:30 pm and waited 5 minutes (without a reservation) for the bread bar. Our waiter was very friendly, and had solid recommendations for the food and courses. We decided upon the rosemary naan, garlic naan, chutney sampler (mint/cilantro, mango, lemon), squashblossom pakora, pork ribs vindaloo and the Boodies Sunday Pilaf. I also had the Rose Sharbot cocktail, and it was refreshing and a great balance of sweetness to dryness. Bravo! Will be coming back for a celebration! :)
I am a longtime fan of Chef Cardoz, from his days at Tabla (the Bread Bar). While out celebrating a birthday with some close gfs (all of us newbies to Paowalla), Chef Cardoz stopped by our table, but seemed almost dismissive of my recollection of time spent at the Bread Bar (where I even scored free drinks).  Fast forward - Chef Cardoz seemed weary, and making the rounds with little enthusiasm at Paowalla.  That tiredness seemed to dribble down into the food.  The highlight of the evening was the rosemary naan (melt in your mouth, mouth wateringly fluffy) with 3 chutneys (the best in our trio of tomato kolonji, mango and tamarind was the mango). While the eggs kejriwal were amazing (it's a simple dish that can go horribly wrong), the wada pao seemed rather dry (as if it had been sitting around in the kitchen).  My friends were blown away by the lamb liver patia (which the menu had not caught up with, as it listed chicken liver patia that night), and the black pepper shrimp, both of which were generously sized and served perfectly.Chef Cardoz is to be complimented on rejuvenating the Indian bread scene in NYC, now all I wish for is that his sparkle and verve should return...
FLOYD IS A GENIUSWhen you have great name you expect yo deliver average food. It's all tops service cadence is still off. But the food compensates The goat is crazyThe zucchini flowers are fabBartender is overwhelmed he needs helpOverall a super super successMust go
Excellent food! Chef Zia and Chef Floyd have an amazing menu of Indian dishes with a Portuguese twist. Anything we ordered came out amazing!
I came here last week with some friends and had the opportunity to meet chef Floyd Cardoz as he was socializing with all the diners. Initially I had just dropped in for drinks but since our cocktails took about 30 minutes to make my husband decided to order some food. We got the cheese bread with a selection of 3 chutneys, followed by the small falafel like sandwich and finally the vindaloo ribs. The menu is a bit on the pricier side for what it is and the bar seems to have it own set of issues but I will most likely go back once they've fixed all kinks of a new restaurant.
At first when I saw the menu I thought "oh oh...strange fusion menu that seems to try too hard and nothing looks tasty".  Thank goodness I was wrong.  I will be back!- Stuffed cheese bread.  Tasty but next time I'll stick with naan or roti; I'm a traditionalist here.- Squash blossom pakoras.  Delicious!  Get these!- Pork ribs vindaloo.  Delicious!  Get this!- Baby shrimp and squid biryani.  Really different.  Not bad but a bit bland.  Would try something else.
Had a wonderful and refreshing experience at Paowalla.  Service, all the way from the host to our waitress, was excellent and very attentive.  I was very impressed by the staff's knowledge of the menu and it's ingredients as we had a person in our party with a gluten allergy and our waitress was able to let us know and recommend right away what he should try out.  Besides the great service, the best part was of course the product.  The Chorizo & Bacon Biyriani has to be one of my favorite dishes I've ever eaten.  Everything else we ordered (Bacon Naan, Coconut, Garlic and Chili Fries, Shishito Pakoras, and the Crab) was also amazing.  They also have a great selection of chutneys (I recommend the 3 Sampler) and the dessert combination of the Vanilla Bean Kulfi and "Gulab Nut" will have you wishing they would open up a dessert shop.  The cocktails are also very good and all have some unique twists to them.
One of the best Indian food places I have been to, great food and good atmosphere, our waiter was polite, overall a good experience.
Amazing restaurant - the food is pure Chef Cardoz, a reflection of both the depth of his culinary talent and training from the best restaurants in Mumbai and New York and a deeply soulful and personal journey through his childhood in Goa. Some dishes remind of his past while being modern and comtemporary at the same time. A triumph in all aspects and a must visit and revisit place in New York.
Best Indian Restaurant in all of NYC hands down.  Food was amazing, service was amazing, I can't wait to come back. Chef Floyd does it again!
We dined at Paowalla last night, along with our 23 year old son. We had a wonderful experience. The restaurant features multiple regional Indian cuisines, particularly from Goa with its wood-fired roasting ovens and spectacular breads. But, don't peg Paowalla as "an Indian restaurant". It's so much more. We started with amazing, uniquely spiced fluke ceviche, followed by a tasty, lime-flavored corn on the cob. We shared an intensely flavored eggplant dish accented with peanuts, and 3 different chutneys served with a cheesy flat bread. We also got an order of a really unique bread called Tingmo, with an unexpectedly spicy kick. We then shared 3 entrees. I've never had goat before, but our waiter recommended it. It was delicious and tender. My son suggested we share their banana-leaf-steamed snapper in a great coconut sauce. We think we saw them bake it in one of their big ovens in full view of their guests. We finished up with a complex, tasty crab dish. Everything was spiced creatively, perfectly. It was a beautiful night and they opened the whole front wall of the restaurant onto a small patio of tables. The place positively bustled with activity. The interior is warmly decorated and features both a full liquor bar and a bread bar (our term) in front of a big, nice-looking oven.We've already made a follow-up rez to entertain some friends visiting us in a couple of weeks.
Food was delicious, inventive, and memorable - the summer squash bharta and shisito peppers were stellar as was the wild mushroom and polenta upma. From reading the earlier reviews, it seems the vada pao has been improved, as we thoroughly enjoyed it, although a slightly larger portion would've made it better.Ambiance and service were great (we sat at the bar though).The cocktails were lacking something though...not bad, but just simply mediocre - the drinks at his Mumbai restaurant (Bombay Canteen) are stellar and perhaps bringing some of those here could help improve the cocktail offerings.Id definitely go back, and hope they rotate their menu over time though!
At 2pm Wednesday in with friend to inquire about a party and some guy identifying himself as a "consultant" was rude as heck to us. The Chef's and he were sitting all in a back table. We stood there for 10 minuets before we were acknowledged. I'll save you the whatever money you paid that bozo consultant and here's a tip...you ready, ALWAYS greet your customers, Especially when there wasn't even a fly in the place.
I just had an awesome dinner here. The service was very attentive and cognizant of my cilantro aversion. The food was great. My friend and I shared the naan with a chutney sampler, fluke ceviche, french fries, and the quail with foie gras which was all delicious. Our favorite item, though, was the egg kejriwal-- it was a new and unexpected taste, so good. I am not a fan of dessert, but my friend got the kulfi and it was one of the best desserts I've ever tried. I am looking forward to coming here again!
I don't know, I wanted to like this place but it was really hard. The worst transgression was the waitress INSISTING we order more food because she claimed what we ordered "wasn't a lot of food". We even told her we felt it was enough.  So we ordered 2 more dishes, based solely on her insistence . When all the food started coming we realized we were, in fact, correct and asked to cancel the last 2 items which still were not out. Thankfully they allowed us to. Other than that, the Pao bread with bacon butter was not that great. The bread was just ok and the butter tasted odd. The chili chicken was really good and not as spicy hot as they think it is. The chaat was good as well as the naan. The Wada Pao was ok-like a samosa stuffed between some bread. Overall, having eaten Indian food all over the world, I just couldn't get into this. It wasn't amazing fusion Indian food and it was definitely overpriced. It was good-but nothing I would ever crave or want to return for.
Chicken Tikka was raw - all four pieces pink to the core. Hostess and waiter apologized but I won't be back.
Expensive, but would have been worth it if the food was good. Unfortunately it didn't live up to the hype. The breads were ok, the shishito pakoras were nice. The goat stew was inedible, all chunks of fat. The Kerala fish was just ok. The veggie dishes were the best, we had the squash and the eggplant. The dahl fry side was adequate but very small. For the price this should have been mind blowing, but we left many dishes half eaten and returned the goat.
I am sorry to say that I was really disappointed with this meal, given that I loved Tabla.  At first glance, the prices looked reasonable for a chef of this caliber.  But when the food came out, the portion sizes were tiny.  The cucumber dish was tasty, and the chicken starter was indeed spicy (reminiscent of good Chinese takeout, not Indian food), but they are only a few bites each.  I love bread of all shapes and sizes, but the garlic naan, rosemary naan, and pao all lacked flavor. The "large plates" are quite a misnomer--the snapper portion was meager, and it tasted fishy to me.  The chicken tikka only had 4 chunks of chicken on some lettuce--not OK for $24.  The two plates "to share", a biryani and a chicken dish, were in the neighborhood of $60 of each, which seems exorbitant.  The fact that everything is served a la carte made the mains less appetizing to me than if they were served on a composed plate--it wouldn't kill them to throw in some rice and dal.  By the way, the 2-inch in diameter side dish of dal had almost no flavor, and there was an unmelted pat of butter on it.  To top it off, our server was completely inattentive, had us waiting for 20 minutes for drinks, brought the wrong drinks, etc.Disappointing all around.
It was absolutely delicious and would go back.  Floyd Cardoz is imaginative and brings the flavors together so well!
Good food, good atmosphere, and great service (maybe this has improved since prior reviews that were right after the place opened).  There weren't so many dishes on the menu that I wanted to try though that I feel a strong desire to go back any time soon.  Cheese kulcha and chutney sampler: great.  Also got the Raita for extra which was good.Squash blossom goat cheese kulcha: great.Chicken liver masala: ok, I think because I don't love the texture of liver, but the flavors were goodCrab, shrimp entree: solid, and nice because it was differentFries: ok (but honestly we were both full by this point so a little unnecessary)Kulfi: really great.  I was tempted by the Gulabnut that a lot of people recommended, but really happy that we went with this one.
Ate there 2 weeks ago on a Saturday night.  Thought the food was really good and innovative for Indian fusion cuisine. Could not wait to go back and try new dishes and get the Bombay chili chicken again. Well, went back last night- also a Saturday night The food was not nearly as good- not even close. The Bombay chili chicken came out completely different. What was nice tender crisp coated sautéed chicken pieces with fresh chili and ginger and garlic came out as wet saucy chicken pieces sautéed with chili and garlic and ginger.  Reminiscent of a local takeout Chinese chili chicken dish. The tiger shrimp dish had nice flavor but the shrimp had clearly been marinated way too long ( maybe from last night) as it was mealy and "powdery" in texture.  The stuffed calamari was charred - pretty much entirely burnt out side.  Very disappointed in last nights meal compared to 2 weeks ago.  Floyd Cardoz was definitely in the house as he was seen interacting with guests at the counter seating all night and greeting at the door.  Maybe he should spend more time in the kitchen. Came with my family both times and we all agree with the above.  No need to come back
good indian cevichegreat chickenoverall good restaurant
I am a Indian woman and I absolutely love Indian food but this restaurant was such a disappointment. My naan was served to me cold. The egg kejriwal that was served to me was absolutely disgusting, no flavor what so ever. This "Modern Indian Cuisine Restaurant" was such a disappointment and its sad to say that the people working there have no idea what the items on the menu are. On top of that my mango lassi which cost $16 I believe was so liquid. Such a expensive restaurant for disgusting food and terrible service. I am so disappointed and I will never be coming back here.
Really wish there was a 3.75 stars option. That would be the most accurate description of my experience at Paowalla.This was my second visit, the first time I was there, We sat at the counter near the brick oven(no it's not a Tandoor, it's actually a brick Oven from the last owners - a pizza place). We tried more this time since I was with some like-minded meat eaters. I think overall the food is great! We got 4 small plates and 1 large for 3 of us. I think that was sufficient. Highly recommend the Shishito peppers pakora. My favorite was the Eggs Kejriwal. For our large plate we got the Beef Short Rib Nihari, it wasn't bad, but I wouldn't order it again. The challenge I have with the large plates menu is that there are 3 fish options. I think fish with Indian food works but personally I think goat or lamb goes better with with Indian curries. For desert we got the blood orange kulfi- which is actually more like ice cream than anything else. I think the service was average and the cocktails were watered down. I will say after the meal I spoke with the bartender and she's great, also assured me that the drinks aren't actually watered down. We each started with a cocktail each and ended up switching to wine. The drinks and service brought me from a 4.5 to a 3.75!
Awesome food. Got the chutney sampler with a couple breads. The tandoori octopus was awesome. The baby pig vindaloo was amazing. Get it with rice. Great service, good drinks, nice atmosphere. No complaints!
Some of the dishes here were lovely and inventive (the chickpea side dish, the heirloom tomatoes); others were boring (the dal) and one was sort of ridiculous (the pao, which is pretty much a prepackaged dinner roll). Cocktails and wine are interesting, including an Indian Sauvignon Blanc. My problem was with the service: three of us were served, and the fourth sat waiting for no joke, about fifteen minutes, before we got our server's attention. Five more until he comes back and informs us that the kitchen is out of the dish she ordered! For somewhere this upscale, one expects better. Side note: be prepared for absurd levels of bureaucracy surrounding your booking: you have to join "Resy," field multiple text messages, AND a call from a human. Then, 30 minutes before your booking, you'll get a coercive text message urging you to order a Tamarind Margarita. Enough already!
Beautiful restaurant, pleasant and friendly waitstaff.   But the food's the important thing, right?  We were there for brunch.   To start, we shared the dosa with egg, which resembles the Sri Lankan egg hopper.    I asked for a side of jaggery syrup, which went very well with it.  I ordered the eggs kejriwal which the waitress told me would change my life.  Maybe a little exaggeration there but it was delicious - brioche toast topped with a poached egg topped with cheddar cheese topped with a spicy chili chutney.      My friend ordered the 100 foot journey omelet (named for the movie on which chef Cardoza had collaborated).   Good, but as he said "just a good omelet."
I've raved about this restaurant to at least 30 people since having dinner there last Thursday--food is innovative and perfectly executed, great service, cute scene.  We shared several of the small plates including the chutney, shisito peppers (my fave), burratta and spicy chicken. Only complaint is that it shuts down a little early--we were asked to move on a few minutes before midnight on Thursday (as the waitstaff was literally starting to clean around us).  Reservations are highly suggested, don't miss this one!
Tried the much touted Paowalla and met Chef Floyd in person.  Upscale, nice ambience, lively setting. Difficult to get a reservation. The appetizer Wada pao was excellent.  Had Mutton Hyderabadi which was succulent  - wish it had some gravy.  Dessert - ordered syrupy donut.  May try it again and try some other dishes.  Pricey.
This is a good restaurant from the same chef that brought us Tabla, the indian fusion place near Madison Square park.  I much preferred the food, location and atmosphere at Tabla. The service at this restaurant is very slow. It will take them a long time to take your order, to serve you each course and bring you the bill. The line for the bathroom is very long. The menu has appetizers, small plates and larger plates. Breads, vegetables and sides are extra. Portion sizes are small. In short, the tab can really add up here if you order a few different plates.  Flavors are good.  The gulab jamun donut was portrayed by the waitress as the best dessert you'll ever have, but fell short of that.  I'm glad to have tried this restaurant, but probably would not seek it out again.
Food is awesome! Shishito pakoras were my favorite but honestly liked everything. Want to go back and try more things.
This place is amazing. It's very different from run of the mill Indian restaurants in New York so don't expect what you might find elsewhere. The cheese kulcha and bacon kulcha were great - kids absolutely loved them. Wife loved the baked crab and the chicken tikka was melt in your mouth good - easily one of the best chicken tikhas anywhere in New York. The dal is very different, with mustard undertones. What I like most is the food is different from what we eat at home. I would also note that the service was amazing. We went with two young kids and the staff went out of their way to be accommodating. Overall I was very impressed and glad to have Chef Cardoz back in NYC!
Excellent.....deliciously innovative. We had Upma and loved the creative take on it. Would love a few more vegetarian options!!
We really wanted to like this place but it was soooo disappointing!  I'm giving one star to account for good service--our server and staff were very, very pleasant and attentive.  But the food was just... bad.  Perhaps we ordered the "wrong" things?  I think the front of house is great but the kitchen must be working out some kinks.  Everything we ate was under seasoned or the wrong temperature (cold).  The mango lassi tasted watered down and more yogurt than mango.  The sweet potato chaat was too sweet -- not interesting in flavor.  The calamari was just gross--was cooked and presented in a really unappetizing fashion.  The Goan shrimp curry pie had a dry crust, pasty inside and was ice cold in the middle -- like it was pre-made, in the fridge and not properly nuked.  The rava crusted skate was under-seasoned, so just blah.  My husband did like his pork vindaloo--flavor was good but again, curry was cold.  Plus it took over 30 min after finishing apps for the mains to arrive.  It was not worth the time or price.  It was also NOT busy when we arrived, so I can't chalk it up to them being slammed.  It was just a total bummer.  Sad but true.  Go to Babu Ji instead.
Just amazing. So glad the Chef is back in town. Our vegetarian parents loved everything, and what we had was delicious too. Thank you!!!! We'll be back!
My husband and I had a great experience at Paowalla. We've enjoyed Floyd Cardoz's food at Tabla in NYC years ago, and were so excited to try his new restaurant. Great location in Soho, and easy to get to, with a nice ambiance. If you enjoy traditional Indian food, this restaurant has more of a fusion feel to it - and while you won't be disappointed, you should know that going in. We tried the cheese stuffed kulcha and bacon stuffed naan as starters to dip with an assortment of chutneys - the tomato one was so delicious! The ceviche in a coconut flavored sauce was our favorite. The gulabnut and kulfi ice cream were so delicious - I'll go back just for the gulabnut!
After reading from the New York Times that the chef, Floyd Cardoz, from tabla had opened up a new restaurant in soho, I was excited to eat there. I was a bit disappointed with the quality of food and particularly the service. The small crab plate lacked flavor, the chicken liver was slightly undercooked. As for the service, we felt that less attention was given to us because we were not high rollers. Our waitress was much more attentive and apologetic for a late dish ordered by a party adjacent to us who appeared to have ordered more food than we did. When we pointed out to her that one of her suggested dishes was added onto the bill and we never received it, she appeared confused, annoyed and not very apologetic. And when we pointed out that the corrected bill accidentally omitted our drinks and we pointed it out to her, she appeared very annoyed and was somewhat rude. The best part was dessert (gulab nut) but by that time we were only happy to get out of there. Overall a disappointment.
WOW! We absolutely loved Paowalla. We came for our 1 year anniversary last night, and Katherine took amazing care of us --- all of her recommendations were fantastic, and she really put a lot of thought into our meal (ex: "Since you already had citrus in your appetizer, why don't you complement it with this after," etc etc). She was quite charming and made us smile. On top of that the food was fantastic! We saw the chef himself come speak to another table near us, and we thought that was neat that he wasn't hiding in the kitchen all night. We had the lemon chutney that Katherine suggested (so good!), squash blossom with goat cheese, the cucumbers, the mushroom polenta (highly recommended!), and grilled pineapple for dessert. Also be sure to check out their exotic wine list ---- bottles from all over the world, including India, where I didn't even know there were vineyards. I can't wait to come back here!!!
