Authentic taste!! Awesome place if you are egg lover. Might even be better than you will find in india. Amul cheese and butter ... mmmmm
Egomania has always been our pick for takeout whenever we've craved for Indian food .. and it has never let us down all these years .. they've done a great job maintaining their quality and customer service. A definite recommend for first timers in New Jersey craving good Indian street food!!
Amazing food. We tried the surati gotala which I guess is going to be my go-to food here. The volcano biryani was also equally awesome but a bit spicy compared to the surati gotala. The egg bhurji wasn't bad either. Service was a little slow but the food was definitely worth the wait. The guys who work there are friendly!
We love Indian food and we love eggs so naturally this was a place we weren't going to pass up! Wow. The prices are great and the portions are perfect for family-style eating. Highly recommend you try the 4 egg appetizer. EGG LOVERS REJOICE!
Service is slowSurti ghotala is awesome Volcano biryani is a must tryTheir coco shake is amazing.Overall is a good place for dinner.It is value for money except when it comes to charges for slices of bread. So beware how many extra slices you order, they can add up a few $ to your bill.Order first and then take a seat.
THIS PLACE IS ADDICTING!!!  We do not eat in because it's always so busy and crowded, so I can't comment on service.  But the guys behind the counter are always friendly!We have tried:Egg Katori-So good, it's like an Indian deviled eggLasun Fry-the runny eggs with the gravy is just AMAZING, ALWAYS ALWAYS order this one!!!Maniac Curry-although there were two pepper signs on the online menu, however I found that this is not spicy at all.  But the flavor of the tomato gravy is a deliciou contrast to the richness of the egg.Surti Gotala-Egg on egg on egg; rich and delicious, no doubts about it.Goti Fry-Again, that tomato onion and egg combo is killer good.Boil Tikka-DelicousLachtco-THIS IS A MUST ORDER!  The green pepper works so well with the egg, and the creaminess of the runny eggs makes it so addicting.Cold Kau Coco-it's good, but the cashews get stuck on the bottom and you have to take the lid off and scoop it up...but it works, cause then it's like a post dessert-dessert.Cold Coco-SO AMAZING!  Just chocolate enough without being too sweet, probably made or a semi sweet chocolate base vs. super sweet Hersey syrup type.So all in all, as you can see, we are pretty addicted to this place.  The only downside is that my bowels always hate me for it the next morning...so I advise you eat this on a Friday or Saturday so that you don't have to deal with angry bowels being shaken on a PATH train into work lol.
They have awesome buttery food and lots of seating. One dish featured potato sticks as the garnish- rad and unique! The only issue is that they don't serve hot beverages, only cold.
Eggmania has to be one of my favorite takeout places in Jersey City. I highly recommend getting the Paneer Masala & Paneer Toofani sandwiches! The paneer is marinated well in both of the sandwiches and just elevates the dish from a regular grilled cheese with spices. The sandwiches are definitely smaller than expected for the price but the taste makes up for it.If delivery was an option I would be ordering from here on a weekly basis!! As a native of Jersey City I've seen many establishments come and go on Newark Avenue but Eggmania definitely has the recipe for success!
Best food and best service. Must try their volcano biryani. Best Surti food in USA. Don't forget to eat their Rajwadi CoCo.
This is one of the restaurants I visit often with my friends and family. I would have to say that the food is tantalizing that makes me come every week. I usually get a paneer masala Bombay sandwich, and that's the best sandwich I can ever eat in Jersey City. I would like to take the time and appreciate Mr. Kunal Patel and his team for the hard work they do everyday to make all the customers happy and satisfied. Thank you very much!
Food has always been good. Definitely not as good as it used to be when they opened up.  However, it is still not bad. Service on the other hand, has never been great and then went downhill over subsequent years. You always have to wait forever for the food to come out, always approximately 30 to 40 minutes. And any feedback you give them falls on deaf ears, and that isn't even the worse side of it. The worse side is, they always have a comeback argument.  Which in nicer words always translates to I don't care ehat you have to say, this is how things are here. Or I guess that is your perception, I don't see it that way so there is nothing we can fix about it.I would prefer not to give my patronage to someone who doesn't value me as a customer.  If your customer has a problem, solve it like a self respecting adult and not tell them to fix their perspective. Afterall food industry is a service industry.
Bang on place to be if u r an egg lover. Tried the volcano egg biryani as per the fellow Yelp suggestions and it was worth it. Also tried a paneer masala dish but I wouldn't experiment the next time and would stick to eggs. Over all good. Deducting a star because I found it a little too oily.
Have been here few times. Tried veggie grill sandwich. These guys are cool. Taste is excellent. Par with what you have on roadside popular sandwiches in India.The service is slow and not great, they have good chances to improve it. Sitting and ambience not great.I would not mind to just go pick up few sandwiches
Found this restaurant due to a detour from another restaurant, luckily! Decided to get a few different items: The masala half fry, boil tikka, cheese paneer masala, the samosa grill sandwich, and the jeera rice (split amongst three people was more than enough). Everything was delicious! My friend had a foodgasm. They use white bread instead of naan, which sounds very odd but actually was delicious because they put butter on it and pan fry it and you can use it to dip all your other sauces. Everything was eggcellent, would definitely come again!
Masala Half fryEgg Burji RiceMasala OmeletteGuys this is the real deal.What more can I ask for.Being an Eggetarian myself, this place made my palette crave for more n more. Definitely recommended. Service is topnotch.Try this place & thank me later guys..!!Peace.
Yum, yum, and s'more yummm.  This place is awesome because it meets so many different needs: quick order fulfillment, great prices, large variety, and dishes packed w flavor.  I have ordered the egg masala bombay grill sandwich on 2 separate occasions, each more fulfilling than the last.  Love this spot!
This is the best place to eat egg dishes !! Same like Surat styled eggs that you get. You need to try the surti golata. Absolutely out of the world. If you love eggs, this is the place. Could not recommend it enough.
This is my first visit to Egg Mania. I went for dine in. The staff were helpful in explaining the menu. I ordered myself a 'Maniac curry' and got complementary toasted breads. The curry tasted good. It easily serves one person. Carry cash with you, as you'll be charged a processing fee if you pay a check of less than 15$ with a card.
There are many things wrong with this place. 1. Cleanliness is not all a thing here. The guy was eating as well as serving dishes to customers. It is open kitchen and the guy was having egg in one hand while we were asking for a table for 2. 2. The hotel staff act as though they are giving free food and ppl have to wait for the everything. 3. We waited for sometime and no one even bothered to talk to us.We walked out and went to a different hotel. AVOID THIS HOTEL.
Very badly organized.. I can't remember how many times they have missed my orders and at least 45 mins wait everytime. The food is tasty but they need to do something with management
We tried the veg omlet, veg cheese omlet and the chicken crispy and regular masala sandwich. All were very good! Spicy but nice. Worth going back a 2nd and 3rd time. Needs water on the table - so make arrangements. Place could be crowded so come prepared to wait a bit as it is a small place. Go late in the evenings after shops on Newark ave close - so you get parking. Place is open till about 11:40 pm. We had pan masala (on Newark ave) after - to cool things down! Awesome!
One of the best place in The New Jersey. I would definitely recommend this to everyone that loves eggs.
Usually I have Egg Paplet and they make it as per my choice of level of spiciness but this time I had Anda Lahori and Green Egg Curry. What a delicacy it was. Just can't get better than this! Awesome food!
Absolutely amazing food. Good service. Am a regular customer here. Saturdays and Sundays are very very busy with take out orders taking 30 mins wait time. So plan ahead!!!  Apart from that,  being in jersey city near Newark Avenue,  don't expect to get a parking nearby. I always pre order for a take out if possible.
Eggomania beats all eggspectations ;)...Awsome eggsperience!!!!Knowledgable & friendly staff...very accommodatingFor a few moments, i was transported to India and back...the spice...the preparation...the unique recipes....every dish has its own flavor profile...love the eggomania twist to classic preparations...Loved the volcano biryani...biryani mountain laid on an omlette bed with a crater of spicy sauce on the mountain peak...one of the spiciest on their menu...loved the boil tikka...another spicy preparation with sliced eggss...i had one of their gotala curries...the idea of bread goes well and rotis def soft and fresh as it gets....I have just one suggestion to make...not sure if the owners watch this page...as your menu is very unique/different naming conventions...it will be good to have a description for these menu items unless your idea was that such menu items are best described by your staff...Good luck!!! keep up the good work...you guys just got urself a regular :)
Awesome  variety of dishes unexpected to see even in india .. great way of presenting egg based dishes.. the veg masala sandwich is really great.
The food was excellent. Definitely a place to be if you are in Jersey City!!! Paneer gotala is amazing
Best in city. I tried egg curry and sandwich. I never tired the testy spicy food ever in usa before. I definitely recommend this place to people seeking to indian street food test.
This place is definitely unique, and tasty! We had the Hyderabadi omelet, lasun fry, desi kheema - everything was delicious. Everything is served with nice buttery fried bread. It's goes without saying that you have to like egg to like this place. Special mention for the effort - even though this is more of a to-go fast food place rather than fine dining, everything looked like it was made fresh to order. The food took at least 10-15mins coming out (not a bad thing!) also the team behind the counter were very nice - they got a rice order for my daughter wrong, and they toldus to keep the dish and sent out the correct order - no extra charge. Delicious and will visit again!
Amazing Food. Definitely one of the best places to eat at Journal Square. Try out their Surati Gotala, Paneer Gotala, Volcano Biryani and Egg Paplet. If you aren't worried about putting on an extra pound, then ask for you dishes to be made in butter. Combine this with a Mango Lassi to fade down the spice. It has definitely become my pig out place here in Jersey City
Awesome food! Must try lapeti and paaplet... we are students and come here regularly for the food..
What can I say about this place! Each time I go there it leaves me so confused with it's amazing menu. So far, I have tried boil fry, katori fry, lasan fry, cheese fry ( I know, that is a scary amount of "fry" right there :) ) , vegetable omelette, spinach omelette and vegetable masala sandwich. Though all of the above are really good, lasan fry and the veg masala sandwich are outstanding!Forget the little place and weird ambience, if you are a true foodie, better go to eggomania as soon as you can!
This place is really unique. It is too far from Princeton but after rave reviews from our friends from Jersey city we were lured to try it out. The taste is really good. I specially liked their sandwiches. The food is clearly on the greasy side but it is worth eating for the excellent taste.
Australian fry and cheese paneer masala my absolute all time favorite at egomania. No body cooks it better !!
When you have the word 'egg' in your restaurant and it is the central component of 90% of your menu, being able to separate yolks and whites should be easy. Apparently not for Eggomania which has no idea how restaurants today cater to this most basic need of customers ordering eggs for brunch. Some charge an extra fee for whites, some don't, but regardless they can all give you only whites if you want. Especially if it's as simple as a fried egg. The guy at the counter, I'm not sure if he's the owner or manager is rude, unnecessarily loud and shoving his own ways of eating down his customers. Every time I ask him WHY he can't give me just egg whites, he has nothing to say except "no, I can't". The rest of the food is oily, ridiculously spicy with that being the only flavor profile. And unless you're used to level 100 on the spice chart be ready for your stomach to hate you for the next week.
Obsessed!! I'll never get tired of eggs. Hands down one of my favorite places to eat. I come here 2 to 3 times a month. Boil Tikka, Boil Egg Fry, Volcano Biryani, and Egg Bhurji are my favorites. Almost everything on their menu is amazing. They give you the option to have your food cooked in oil or butter. Staff is very nice. Place is a bit small and nothing fancy. Place is constantly busy. BYOB.
One of our favorite places.. nice exotic egg dishes, lots of variety. We love to try something different each time. Would definitely recommend to egg lovers.
Came in for lunch today. It was surprisingly empty.First of all, this place is very interesting. Everything egg-themed (duh Eggomania is the name afterall). After long debate, I decided to try the Tukda Curry. The spices, consistency, and level of spiciness of the curry was just to my liking! I'm no India food guru but I thought it was interesting how they gave us pieces of white toast instead of naan. I also had the mango lassi while I was there. The mango lassi was very good for the first half but then I think the spiciness of the curry in addition to the thickness of the mango lassi just did not sit well with my stomach. Anyways, for $10 and all this food. I am very satisfied. Plus the owners were super friendly and helpful!
I take it back! I'm obsessed. It turns out you can ask them for more butter or less! So I just order food with less butter and mild spice, and it's perfection. The volcano biriyani is still EVERYTHING and the rajwadi coco is still CRACK.
A must when you want to eat true Indian "Street" food. The owners were very grounded and friendly.
Good food.. North Indian street food. I liked the lasoon fry. I just felt that there was a lot of butter but I'm sure many people would love that. Roti was over priced. The place is good for a casual eat out. It was over crowded , not my preference. I will not dine there again but might get some take out.
Amazing food. You will not get this taste anywhere else. I am a vegetarian and they had plenty of choices for me.
A must go place when you want to taste the real desi recipes of egg. Orders would be made just as you like spicy or non-spicy. Chataakedaar currys with little memories of Indian street food places being served here. Friendly and welcoming staff, makes it feel like home.
Definitely a place for Indians craving for spicy. I can't say much for the ambiance but the food doesn't disappoint you. Extra note: The place smells very egg~ish. Can be a turn-off sometimes.
Amazing food, haven't had anything even close to what these guys make. Love their egg paplet and surti ghotala, some of the paneer dishes are also great. I can eat here every day.
Not to take away from all the 5 star reviews this place has ,but I simply did not enjoy the food here all that much.I had ordered takeout of volcano biriyani and lehsun fry.The food was extremely greasy and by the time I was done with it,I wished I hadnt. Obviously,the reason I kept on eating inspite of the grease is that the food is definitely tasty though I didnt find it worth raving about!Also its quite different from the usual Indian places and its worth trying if you are looking for variety!
Been here twice now. Ordered 8 different items. All have been amazing. If you want chicken, they have chicken masala sandwiches. Those are just as yummy. We tried the volcano biriyani,  good but I'd opt for the platters with bread over that.  Suggestion: Order with butter vs lard or oil.
A small place amidst a series of Indian restaurants in Journal Square, Egg-O-Mania packs lot of punch. A great place for egg fanatics, they serve a variety of egg dishes. We tried their paneer Bhurji and volcano Biryani. Yes, they were delicious, but not to forget, quite high on calories too!
lovely!!!!very authentic food from a small district of Gujrat, India.Very tasty and can be the right kinda spicy for indians.....here's what you can order and love it:1. Boiled egg fry- yummy2. volcano egg biryani- very tasty but a good wait time before you get the dish!3. Surti Gotala or Desi Gotala- both are really goodTry these out and I would recommend going there for a lunch because the food is on the oily side and heavy.
Nice place, and brought back a lot of memories of my college days in Surat. The egg kheema is delicious, as is the cold coco. Docking a star for the poor decor and ambience.
I order food once in a while, volcano biryani and surti gotala is my favorite. Don't forget to tell them to not to make it too spicy if you are not used to eating indian spices. I feel bloated after eating their food. I think the add too much baking soda  but not sure. Good place with good service. Recommend take away than sitting there. The place is too busy to enjoy the food peacefully.
This place has better egg based dishes than all the places I had in India and that's saying something!Pros: The food is way too delicious. The spices, the Indian street-style cooking, the variety of dishes they have - all amazing! If you're an egg-lover, you wont find a better place in the tri-state area for your needs.Cons: The ambiance is mediocre. The chairs, tables, etc are decent enough.Tips:Volcano BiryaniSurti GotalaHalf-fry
I really wasn't a fan of the food when me and hubs had a takeout from here the first time. However we still thought about giving it a try. And i am glad to say i was impressed. Being to this place many times now. We have tried their egg katori, volcano biryani, surti egg ghotala, egg paplet and chicken masala grill sandwich. All the dishes were really good. Now while placing your order they ask whether you want your dish prepared in butter or oil, so the first time we opted for butter and by the time we reached home and were ready to eat, it was all a greasy gooey mess. I was pretty sure that I wont be going back to this place but hubs insisted. So this time around we asked them to cook everything in oil. And that itself made a lot of difference. I know butter makes anything and everything taste good but for us personally butter was a bit too much. So thereon whenever we went to this place we ordered everything prepared in oil and we both thoroughly enjoyed it. If you are an egg lover like us or an eggeterian do give this place a try i am sure you will like it. :)
Interesting take on Indian egg dishes. The Bhurji weirdly tasted a lot like Pav Bhaji, but it was delicious. I would have like it more if they incorporated some "fusion-elements" and served good quality bread instead of just plain toasted white bread with the dishes mentioned above. The ambience is okay, nothing great but it's worth a visit. The dishes are interesting, taste great and are reasonably priced. The food is a little on the oily side, but I guess you can request them to cut down on the Ghee/Butter.Must Try: Surti Ghotala, Volcano Biryani, Bhurji Masala. Pros: Food tastes great! :)Cons: Poor Presentation, Service can be better.
buttery awesomeness, had the volcano biryani and paneer toofani, AMAZING, my friend got the boil tikka, loved it. Highly recommended, i will go back next week
100% comfort and satisfaction. I tried volcano biryani, egg curry and their masala paneer sandwich. OUTSTANDING. It felt I was standing in Mumbai on the night of my arrival and I've gone up to order from the best stop in andheri or bandstand. If you are in the area, go here. If you're not in the area, try going here!
Different style of having eggs. Great food. It is one of those places, where you feel like visiting India. Spice level , varieties in egg, paneer , volcano biryani is just too good. These guys can get as good as it is.
I had heard good things about the place, so I decided to try it. The food did not disappoint! We opted for takeout and got egg bhurji, volcano egg biryani, and paneer masala grilled sandwich. The egg bhurji and paneer sandwich were very tasty. The volcano biryani was also very good, just too spicy for me. The service was wonderful as well. I will definitely be going back!
This place is amazing.  Try the egg paplet or surti gotala or just ask the guy at the cashier place what he recommends. And its BYOB. the food is pretty spicy, so some people may want to order according to their preferences.But i would give this a thumbs up for sure. I hope they open a franchise in the city.
Busy place and though the food was good, place reeks of overcrowded atmosphere that makes you to opt for take out. Not sure whether they take reservations around the place but the table had a reservation. You kidding me for a cramped up space with a demand for seats?
I liked the place- PROS- brain work(the dishes, the words used in menu, the color of the walls), the suggested dishes were good. Front desk was helpful and patient with change of order. I think they are very good at to go orders too. I could see people calling 10 minutes before arriving and picking up their kind of daily healthy egg meals. CONS- Its a good place in budget but with all the plasticware which kills the presentation of delicious food. I think that is unavoidable with the low price menu. OVERALL- It IS a GOOD daily under 10$ meal place.
They have best egg menu in Jersey City. All the dishes that I have tried tastes best and simply awesome. Some of my favorite dishes includes Volcano biryani, Green Egg Curry, Egg Bhurji, Surti Gotala. I can't wait to try other Egg dishes from EggOMania. But I would not suggest paner bhurji to anyone.
Amazing food just like you get back in India. We had Egg Poplet, Egg Bhaji, Paneer Bhurji and all the dishes were spectacular. Itching to get the chance to go there and have the Egg Bhaji and Poplet again.Must have!
It's a small but friendly Indian cafe ! I love the mango lassi here and they have great chicken sandwiches. Though priced a little higher but worth a try for breakfast or brunch on a non working day ! And by the way u can choose the oil in ur dishes ... I suggest u do add healthy oil !
This is a quirky little spot - definitely odd food for the American pallet, but delicious nonetheless. I got the Desi Gotala - a curry sauce with hard boiled eggs, fresh onions, and toasted white bread for dipping. I lapped it up in 5 minutes. A nice, quick meal with a younger Indian-American crowd.
Had the volcano biryani.  It was unique in a good way. The gravy in the biryani tasted really good. The prices are also reasonable.  It will definitely be a good spot to hang out with the friends in the evening.
I visit this place very often... mostly eat French toast. - Love the food- Like the ambiance: Nothing hi fi but very casual- Staff is awesome: Very polite!I am and plan to be a regular customer of this place.
This is just the perfect place to be if you love eggs and spicy food. The spice taste here is closest to the food in India when compared any other Indian restaurants. I have tried egg bhaji and volcano biryani here, and both were out of this world amazing. Though the place is little small and cramped up but I don't care as long as the food is tasty.
A huge shoutout for all you eggetarians out there!! It's amazing how many delicious egg dishes this place has! Although it's an Indian  restaurant, it's not restricted to curry-based food. You should definitely come here to see how an Indian eats an omelette or a french toast (Indian-french anyway) in the most delicious way possible.The Indian grilled sandwiches served are a delicacy in itself. You would definitely wanna try out all on the menu!! (Having been here a couple of times and having them all myself). You will definitely not regret it!
Love love love the paneer sandwiches!!!!Definitely my go to place when I'm craving something delicious and savory. The guy that runs the cash register is extremely nice and informative about every single dish there. He was the one who suggested my new favorite food, a paneer tikka sandwich! Although the flavor is stupendous, I do wish the sandwich was spicier. But I highly reccomend it! I also had the egg burji, I think its good to try once but not something I prefer; however my dad loves it and orders it on a weekly basis! I've tried a few of their egg curry type dishes but I cannot remember the names of them sadly. My favorite was the eggs in this thick red gravy/curry which was spicy and served with toasted buttered bread. And lastly, I'm not a rice lover but I did enjoy the volcano biriyani which I believe is one of their signature dishes if I'm not mistaken. I would definitely recommend it! The only thing I don't like about the place is that it needs more ventilation. I don't enjoy sitting there to eat and always end up getting my food to go.
Beawesome !!!Beyond Awesome :-)must visit place for all Egg fans.... all the dishes are worth it ;-)We had Volcano Biryani, Surati Gotalo, Egg fry sometinng as a starter, omlet with green gravy and tukada curry....everything was great :-)
Lots of spices. I love spicy food but this is just spices dumped in(street food in India).Ordered Volcano Biryani. Very hot, I like it but they don't serve water, you got to buy a water bottle.Nothing delicious about it, rice overcooked, taste of egg deeply buried within amalgamation of spices.Certainly Modern theme/concept for food choices. Need to work on improving the quality of food for it take off. For now, its tasty for street food but nothing exotic as implied by its theme. Plenty of delicious choices around. I would not try this again till another year.They played Indian movie while eating there, which is YMMV, I liked it.
For egg lovers yes it's a good spot. Tried volcano biryani :- presentation was like a volcano taste was also gud in journal square area. Grt for breakfast.
Volcano biryani is too spicy and greasy ... After eating this, within 2 hours, I had to goto ice cream shop nearby my home and had 2 orders of ice cream to cool down myself.
The best Surati Ghotala I have had in a long time. No complaints about the price or the food, except for them serving hot food in plastic plates. Which kinda doesn't seem to be the right thing to do. But will definitely be going back here soon.
The spice in the food is straight Indian, so be careful when you say extra spicy. Otherwise, an absolutely wonderful place. I make sure to bring my non-NJ friends here, and everyone loves this place.
When you walk-in to this place there is no clear indication of whether it is full service or if you have to order at the counter. The menu has no descriptions of the items so it is up to you to guess since the names are obviously of Indian origin. If indeed it is Indian themed egg then why is there something with the word "Australian" in it? We had to ask for utensils - forks, knives, etc. They don't provide tap water - I could understand if this was some classy place but it is a dump. Never going back. It is amazing that people tolerate this poor level of service.
Tasty but too much of butter and greasy..  Liked fajita a must try and volcanic biriyani is good
Definitely worth the visit.... Must have desi kheemo and sandwiches!!!
This is ammmmmazing!! Finally after centuries of humongous Indian/Gujarati food culture influence in NJ, these mastermind brother duo decide to open laari (street food/ food cart/ awesome, scrumptious deliciousness) egg food in our back yard, Indian street jersey city!!Everything is spectacularly authentic street food.. My personal favorites - Gotaalo, desi masala omelet (not on the menu), boil tikka (also not on the menu), volcano egg biryani. ; ) my brothers from baroda, ahmedabad or surat will know what I'm talking about!!I'm so excited, going there for the 5th time today!!!
It is a bit difficult for me to write a review as it is the only restaurant I have ever been to that specializes in Indian egg dishes.  However, the food was as good as I've had in a while.  It is not an upscale joint - McDonalds-esque tables and tray service.  The TV is constantly playing either Indian music videos or Bollywood action films and several customers watch them intently.  It's also a bit of an environmental nightmare - everything is Styrofoam and plastic.  But the chef has a life calling to daily provide his customers with egg dishes from all around India and he delivers.  We had several dishes over a few nights.  Everything has been consistently excellent.  They make everything from scratch and the spicing is outstanding.  There are instances of bold cilantro which work well and instances of subtle chili and garlic which work equally well.  There's an extra charge for them to use butter instead of oil; it's worth the charge.
Fantastic food. Very good service. They make everything fresh after you order it, so sometimes it takes a while to get your food, but it is always amazing. Very close to "Laari" food in India. If you are fan of egg dishes, this is the place to go to.
The must go place in N.J. the best egg dishes one can ever imagine , its indian style egg dishes but its much better then in India. i live far from here but i wish i lived near by to visit every other day , i love the taste and the service . even one can take their own drinks , beer , wine and more to drink in there.
Really disappointed this time.... Visited the same 2 months back and had an amazing food then .. But this time it was like food floating in oil river and the server was charging us for the stuff we never ordered and was really rude too.... Looks like the success has gone to the head of staff and owner. And a downfall of another good food place has started ... Feeling sad ...
Best street like place in USA!! We were missing Indian egg place here and this void that gap! Don't forget to ask for non menu special dishesh!!!! Fairly cheap too!$
Was bit hesitant to try out food from this place but it turned out to be beyond my expectation... The food was awesome.. This definitely will be one of my favourites to order from around..
Awesome food specially Raju's half fry n cold coco..MUST VISIT..prices can be little less as per quantity but I wouldn't mind paying for this tasty dish :)
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this place ... For an Indian Guy who has recently moved to NJ ... This place takes me right back home ... The Boil Tikka is FAB and tastes just like the Egg Curry made at my house. Also try the Coco Shake ... You will not be disappointed ... I give this place 5 Stars
Awesome Food! Even though the seating area is pretty small but the tasty food and great service makes you visit this location over and over. We ate egg bhurji, paneer volcano biryani, egg katori and gravy omelette.
Love the egg tikka and surati gotala. The food is delicious but a bit too much on the oily/ buttery side. The service is decent and the staff is pretty friendly.
Great food @ great price, simply wonderful, will come back again, would recommend to friends. Vijendra really took care of us .Thank so much we had great time.
Absolutely wonderful food. The variety and depth of flavor in the egg dishes is almost beyond imagining. The owner is extremely personable and helped make our dinner an unforgettable experience. Think an omelet stuffed with chopped hard-boiled eggs sounds like a bit much? Think again!
Ordered food for dine in , waiting more then 30 minuts , still didn't get it . Only 2 table in their place , full of kitchen noise & smoke . They don't give respect to customer. Poor service,
Got the volcano biyani, TOO spicy and I'm a fan of spicy food, it was bad to the point I could not taste the food anymore. And I got the cocoa drink, I saw how it was made my table was next to the kitchen, they literally just use the store bough chocolate milk! And that's all they use lol I came here for the hype and I was really confused after I tried the food. There are way better restaurants around
Delicious. Mostly locals (indian?). Fast. I love eggs and ordered 4 different eggs dishes that were recommended on yelp. I my egg fix for now. I am coming back for sure for my next egg fix.
This place is easily my favorite restaurant in JC. I've never had a bad dish here, but the stand-outs are the Goti Fry and the Boil Fry. The Cold Coco is also worth a try. I'd never have tried a chocolate drink at an Indian restaurant, if the owner hadn't offered me a freebie. It's like a drinkable chocolate pudding with chocolate flakes--amazing!
As it's name indicates, this restaurant serves a lot of varieties of dishes based on Eggs (Indian Cuisine). The wait times are longer than usual on the weekends. The food is pretty decent here and can be made to ordered as per your specifications. If you're visiting here for the first time and want to try something new, their volcano biryani is worth a try.
This place is greasy as hell, also they solicit Yelp reviews for a discount, there is a sign right on the counter that gives you a discount for a review, which is a bummer. It's pretty tasty but takes a while to get the food and it's so so greasy.
I would travel miles to get to this place. Eggmania has very interesting and unique dishes that you probably won't find in NYC.Very chill atmosphere. Plenty of seatingSo here's a breakdown of the things I ordered Egg curry (5.99) The dish that I travel here for. Best Indian dish I have ever tried and never ceases to amaze me. Not spicy, but still leaves your nose runny(in the best way possible) Volcano Rice (9.99)Spicy. But not as spicy as expected. But nonetheless amazing. Haven't tried anything like it. Unique flavor that bursts in your mouth and leaves you wondering what you were doing your whole life not eating itCold coco (3.99)I can't even begin to describe how heavenly this drink is. Perfect to drink after your spicy mealRich and deep chocolatey flavorI recommend everyone and anyone to come and give this place a try. Their flavors and dishes are so unique(at least to someone like me, who is not Indian)
Amazing service and great food. The choices are great for vegetarians and for eggetarians.We ordered egg burji, coco and volcano biryani all three exceptional.
Been here countless number of times. Almost tried everything on the menu by now, some of the dishes are really exotic and nothing like i have ever eaten before, especially with eggs.If you come here, definitely try their egg curries, especially lasun fry and egg bhaji, both are quite different and amazing at the same time.Also, i really like their veg masala sandwich.I am looking forward to be a regular here as long as i live in this area.
Really great customer service and yummy food!  I ordered the Volcano biryani, chapata and masala half fry, definitely delicious. Check this place out!
Amazing food! I frequently go out for Indian food, but have never had anything like the delicious  dishes we had at Eggmania. We really enjoyed the goti fry, boil tikka, egg katori and egg paplet. Will definitely be returning soon!
Authentic Indian food. Hole in the wall. People are super nice! A great find. We had peppers with eggs and cheese. Super spicy and delicious. Highly recommend!
A very good place for Egg lovers. They got a delicious menu and food over there is too good.
Volcano egg was good. Place was pcked at 9 pm. With so much egg in all of them I am not sure how healthy it is
Best place for egg lover. Must place to visit in jersey city.I take everyone of my guest to try eggomania.Try boilfry, Raju boil tikka and egg pallet. Love this place
Good food. Paneer ghotala is to die for. Thumps up is the best part.The portions are also good. 2 people can easily satiate their hunger and craving for good indian food at this place. Will defibitely recommend the place to all my friends.
The food is great and everything is made with eggs their best dish is volcano biryani very soicy and very yummy!
Brilliant!!! Brilliant!!! Brilliant!!!!Pros - Those who loved eating bhurji on a 'gaadi' back in Mumbai, you guys are in for absolute treat here... Eggomania does not disappoint you in any manner... They have this secret recipe that makes a regular paneer bhurji also super delicious!!! Definitely recommend this place!!!!I have given 4 instead of 5 only with this belief that there is always some room for improvement otherwise and they keep the level up....Cons - Health freaks stay away!!! As someone rightly said - no awesome food comes without loads of butter and oil.. Same is here... Food is overfilling with butter and oil...( i dont really care about it though )
One of my favorite Indian restaurant in this area. Testy food, good service at reasonable price. Volcano biryani is my favorite here!!!
Great egg dishes. Favorite is the lasuni fry. Wasn't a fan of the volcano biryani but definitely has a kick. Food is on the oiler side like others say. The coco drink is a must try.
Awesomeness is loaded into the food. Must to go place when craving some Indian style eggs
Best food,Reminds me of Surat Egg DelicaciesBoiled Fry is a must tryThey have also added Paneer and Chicken dishes.Try the Rajwadi Lassi
Was very good experience with eggmania but it was not for everyday meal bcoz was very buttery
One fine day I decide to come here and this the 4th time this week I am here. They are awesome try Anda Lahori.
Eggomania is the most unique Indian food joint I've been to outside of India.  The owner has travelled all over India to cultivate the best Indian egg based dishes & curries. He brings them back to jersey and makes his patrons happy! Most of the items have eggs,  some sort of spice, a gravy of some kind, and lots of deliciousness.  Almost all dishes are served with toasted soft white bread.  If you want rice to soak up more of the curry broth from your dishes, get the jeera rice. I have had (I'm probably gonna spell all of this wrong): Shruti gotala - shredded egg whites with a broth / sauce of tomatoes, onions, chilis, etc. DELICIOUS. Tikka Boil - tasted like amazing chicken curry without the chicken, and with pieces of egg whites that have been soaked in the tikka sauce. Medium spicy - and smells / tastes like the stuff dreams are made of. Lasson fry - sunny side up egg with a garlic curry sauce. Super garlicky and super yummy. The eggs are sort of poached and become runny when you cut into the yolk. The result - amazing tastes. Raju fry - poached egg triangles with onion, tomato, and garlic, coriander, and chili. Simple & oily & delicious. Bit of a chaat masala flavor. The raw onions are a good deal crunchy which is a good off set vs the creamier dishes. I can't wait to go back and try more. If you get there and feel a little lost, just ask the servers. The staff is fantastic and has never led us down a wrong path. Basically, go here hungry. And eat well! Everything I've tried absolutely blew me away.  Just an FYI - not a fancy spot. Think trays, plastic plates, etc. Sort of part of the charm. Smells great inside - the kitchen is open and sounds / smells great.  It's also BYO!
Ordered an Eggetarian Meal through indicooks.com. It is the only online platform that delivers food from Eggmania. Always delivered on time!!!! Absolutely LOVE IT!!!!
Great food and service. Must try the surti gotala, boiled tikka and volcano biryani. The grill sandwiches and masala Limca are great too.
Not a fan of this greasy fried food. Came on a friend's suggestion and the amount of butter/oil used is not ok. Food - tasted cart type, nothing to write home about Price - steep, not what I was expecting at allService - quick and minimal. Very surprised to see heavily processed white bread and paper plates being used. Wouldn't go back and wouldn't recommend. Missed the mark big time.
Best food I've ever had. I order from here so many times a week, they know me by name. Very professional, polite and courteous employees. Definitely recommend this place for anyone that wants a great meal. You can order more than one thing and make a meal or even stop by for just a snack (their Bombay sandwiches are AMAZING)!!!
Excellent food and service.We ordered paneer bhurji and vegetarian masala sandwich. Both were great items.Various vegetarian optionsAlso great Jain food options!
Delicious yummy food!!! I think I will run out of adjectives to describe the food!! I am in states for about 3 years now and this is the first time I have ate Indian food which has exact taste as good in India. I would definitely recommend to try out this place. Not only their egg items are superb but their vegetarian food is also taste superb. UTTERLY BUTTERLY DELICIOUS it was. P.s if you are from bardoli, Surat area you will feel that you ate at some restaurant in bardoli, Surat.
Extremely impressed with service and foodI got the Ladin fry, mango lassi, and cold coco and all were beyond my expectationsI love how everything is super affordable and they give you a lot of foodI wish they had one in CaliforniaI will definitely miss the taste of delicious egomania and cold coco when I'm back home
I still remember the time when some of my friends and I discovered the board 'Eggomania', and thought how many dishes would you prepare using egg as a hero. What came after was an absolute surprise. The recipes are all well thought, well flavored and very tasty. If you miss Mumbai's street food (bhurji/eggs to be specific) you surely need to come to this place. The masala soda accompanies the food extremely well.I have tasted mostly all the egg dishes on the menu, and never been disappointed.Few things I would like to inform them:1. Please bring back the egg quesadilla2. Have some seasonal egg dishes (just a suggestion)All in all a wonderful experience
I love this place.... do try the volcano biryani... The spice level is really good... very close resemblance to Indian Food
The food and service is excellent! We really like paneer gotala and volcano biryani!Egg items are great as well as per what we have heard
Who cares for the place when the food is such great and delicious. I almost go 2 to 3 times a week & my favourite dish is Goti fry, Tava Paneer Bhurji and Masal sandwitch. Awesome food, Awesome service and affordable price for everyone.
Absolutely the best Indian food I've ever had!!Paneer toofani is an amazing sandwich and the paneer hariyali is amazing!!
Good food and nice place for having Mumbai Sandwiches... The paneer volcano is also very delicious.
I came to egg o mania in 2015, the year I came to Jersey. I've been a regular here since. It has been my favourite place to eat since then.  My favourites are lachko, volcano biryani, baida curry (if you like it spicy). In drinks, the rajwadi Coco or jaljeera soda have no replacements anywhere. I've moved to Brooklyn now but I still eat here whenever I can. The ambience is great, you can smell the food from outside, where I bet you will be because this place is always full. So come early if you can, you don't want to miss an amazing eating experience.
Their preparations are versatile. I love all their dishes. My favourite one is Egg paplet. One should really visit this place.
OMG! How does this place not have 5 stars. 1) We got Boiled egg fry for appetizer. 2) Got the surti gotala and volcano biryani for the entree - fantastic. 3) The Ragwadi Coco for dessert - fantastic. 4) Will be back!
Great place. Great food!! Great options, curries and sandwiches. Fast service..Great hosts and cook.. Will definitely come back..
Eggomania has amazing egg options. Egg maniac is a must try choice. Service is quick and you have an option of choosing btw oil and butter for almost all options. We choose butter for all the dishes and all the dishes were amazing.
All food items are amazing but my favorite is egg papplet. Thank you very much for Cold coco.
Australian fry is really amazing!The ambience is really nice too !The food took less than 10 mins to arrive!
Dhaba style food, delicious and superbly filling. Go hungry and come back bursting at the seams! Paradise for egg lovers.Ambience: Fast food joint, clean and surprisingly well-kept for the area. A little off the main street, so you escape the noise and crowds unlike at most other places in Journal Square. Service: Ok, nothing to write home about.Food: Ordered the Paneer Masala, Boiled Tikka (on the recommendation of the cashier) and the Desi Gotala. The Boiled Tikka was delicious, just the right amount of spices - reminded us of old-style dhabas back in good ole Hyderabad. The Paneer Masala sandwich was very good too. The Desi Gotala, while being very unique and tasty, was a little too salty. All the dishes came with a side of buttered white toast, yummy! Cold Coco for dessert was just the ticket - except, we were so stuffed by this time that we could not finish the drink. Overall, delicious food, good ambience - will definitely go back. Only wish I'd found this place sooner!
Visited last week and we just love eggomania! We tried the green curry, egg Katori, bhurji, masala Chaas, masala soda. We have been here many times and we love the varieties of egg recipes and the way it is made. The only suggestion is the seating area could be improved.
Awsome foood ..... just yuuuuummm...if someone ask me to best place to eat on indian street.. i will say just one name.. "EGG-o-MANIA"
Worst place and horrible service. Would not recommend this place to anyone. Gave me the wrong dish and then did not correct it and in fact blamed me that i ordered the wrong dish. They have a monopoly over indian egg dishes so they take the liberty to do this. I am never going to this place again.
Wonderful food. Tried Surti Gotado, loved the authentic taste. Definitely you should try egomania. To have Surti taste make sure you tell them how much spicy you like.
Amazing place for spicy Indian egg preparations! Loved every bit of all the dishes we had ordered - Masala Eggs, Egg Masala Papad, Lassooni Egg Curry, Paneer Burji, Surti Gotala.
This is a great place that stands out.It is unlike all other Indian restaurants. Their menu is a collection of all the street side egg based recipes from Western India. If u like Indian food and are bored of the same items everywhere, this is the place for u. Not just the menu, the food is very tasty as well. IT IS VERY SPICY. Tell them to tone it down if u need to.Only downside, they serve in Styrofoam plates and u need to buy water, which I hate.My favorite dishes so far - Egg paplet and Egg tikka.
Just as the name suggests this restaurant specializes in everything eggs. The concept is great and the food is good too. Only two major problems are one: it's very overpriced for the type of ambiance you get and two: it is VERY oily and buttery.
The only place to experience egg dishes form India in Jersey city. Very clean, especially the kitchen. Great food and tasty.
Food is really tasty. Very nice service as well. I really appreciate it. Visited first time but looks like whenever I will come here, I'll visit it. Thanks to eggmania.
One of the best egg cuisine I ever had..I tried egg lasooni and it was perfectly made with right ingredients..They also serve spicy egglicious dishes..
Long wait but totally worth it. Paneer dishes are too good. We had paneer toofani cheese grill and pulav. Both were delicious.
Their foood is AMAZING!!!! The staff is really friendly and it's affordable! Everyone I have made to try this food has instantly fallen in love and asked me where I got it, and I have literally been coming here regularly since! Everyone should try it at least Once.. it's worth it. I promise you, you will definitely come back!
Super awesome food, friendly staff, innovative dishes. A must visit for anyone visiting Jersey City area. We are going to come back many times. Five star from me.
If I go by the name, I wasn't expecting to find Jain food here. But there are a few good options here. Had the tawa paneer bhurji and it was yummy! One drawback is that they don't give water!
Very nice food, we come here pretty often...volcano biryani, paneer gotala and Bombay sandwich are my all time favorites
Good ambience, tasty food, nice place to visit, good customer serviceSo many varieties to choose from
Great, cheap food- fast food/ casual environment.Tip: BYOBGood place to grab a quick bite with friends or family, as well as a good late night bite as well. Suggestions- Boil Fry- Surti Gotala - Volcano Biryani
Amazing authentic dhaba style cuisine!! Not for the faint palate though!! My go to place in JSQ
I was avoiding going to this place for a while but boy was I in for a surprise.. I am posting a review only after my second visit but they truly deserve a good rating. Now on to what is good here, ever walked in to an Indian food joint almost knowing ok so there's 7 Paneer dishes, 10 chicken dishes, couple of variety of biryanis and mixed daal n pulao... most of the Indian food joints end up being like this, lacking creativity and inspiration. I might b generalizing and putting in some exaggeration there but you get the picture am trying to paint:)So when I saw there menu, I was kinda apprehensive thinking will the food be as good as the names are!!? The guy at the cash register Bhushan suggested the newbie me a great appetizer - Egg Katori, and it was absolutely finger licking good, tender egg whites with an interesting onion tomato gravy and some shredded cheese, omg just melts away! Only complaint is why 4 pieces meh! The mains had buncha choices of rice/biryani and egg curry dishes. I choose the highly recommended Volcano Biryani thanks to you Yelpers:) And the biryani was good, it was a cute lill volcano display with a bit of gravy in the center surrounded by a mix of rice, thick egg gravy, boiled eggs, and a surprising layer of omelette surrounding the rice! Wow! This wasn't the most spicy thing I had but I won't hold this against them as they dared to plate something different with the most basic Indian spices, loads of eggs and good amount of butter, cheese and all that greasiness. I know many reviews here mentioned about the grease but let that not deter you from trying the food here. This place gives you a choice between oil and butter, aren't they caring;) But I can tell you this that my tummy was just fine and I was fine next morning too.. So if you are bored with plain regular Indian Ram Shyam (ordinary Joe) food, give this place a chance! A big shout out to Bhushan whose recommendations have worked very well so far. Looking forward to more sensory egg-pleasures, egg-azingness soon!!
This is a hidden jewel! Loved the different egg dishes. I tried the lasuni fry and the volcano biryani and they were really amazing!!This is a classic example of creativity using simple ingredients. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in journal square, NJ.
Amazing paneer bhurjiI am vegetarian and coming to egg mania threw me off a bit because I don't eat eggHowever, I got the tawa paneer bhurji and it was very good Cheese tasted very fresh and the bread was hot and butteryAnd to top it all off I got the cold coco which was SOO GOODDEFINITELY GET THE COLD COCO WHEN YOU COME HERE. You will definitely not regret it
Came as a vegetarian to try their non egg dishes. Good service. Ambience is bare. Had the Paneer masala sandwich, paneer volcano rice and paneer gotala with choco chip drinks. The choco shakes were thick and nice. Paneer gotala was great in taste but was a bit too oily. The white bread wasn't great. I would prefer pav. The paneer volcano was excellent in taste but the rice was room temp and the gravy was cooler than room temp. In would expect is hotter and when asked for warmer gravy, the second one was also cool. The paneer sandwich was flavorfull and excellent. For the price of 45 dollars, I think it's steep for journal square for a street food place. But was still an interesting and spicy experience. Don't regret it.
Good grilled cheese sandwich with many layers! Fluorescent lighting detracts from mood.
Delicious food. The service is sometimes good and sometimes bad. Some folks that work there are friendly and others not so much. They definitely need to update their order and product delivery process, which sometimes is the reason for poor service.
Best addition to jsq dining scene .... Must try items ... Egg masala sandwich ...desi or surti gotala... And volcano biryani....for those that have a sweet tooth .... Rajuwadi coco is must have ...a zillion calories ...but so darn good
Pretty innovative concept, predominantly found in street food from India. The food here is very tasty. THe Jetty rolls are my favorite. Quite intense with the heat but very flavorful.
Nice food great options in egg.Fabulous taste.Just can't stop from coming here again and again
Just visited this place. Amazing place for tasty food. Don't even think about healthy options here! The service is amazing and moreover 10% off on writing a review on yelp! ;)
Who doesn't love egg ? Everyone loves egg. I have been to this place more than 20 times. I love this place. The best food , best service and economical. I miss my hometown for food but these people have got all the food of my hometown. Every entree and main course is delicious. Best place to hangout with friends and family. They even make best volcano biryani. They totally recreated the concept of egg. Best place and highly recommended for everyone.
Reasonably good. No idea why they have a bar. Come on who wants to have drink with eggs. Food was good for Iselin standards. We had suti gota which was good.
This is one of our favorite restaurants in Jersey City.. We have been regulars here, but today we came after a long time. It took us about 20 minutes to get a table (which is quite normal considering it's the weekend). The host and the servers were all very courteous and we got our food very soon and we totally enjoyed our meal. We look forward to being more regular now.. Thank you so much!
Great food, tried almost all curries. My favourite is green egg curry. Must try place.Takes time for take-out orders.
If you really want Authentic Indian Street food test, this is the place to go. We tried different items from menu.  Egg Tikka masala was spicy and up to the mark. Designed got all just like you get in surat.
I had Valcano biryani, egg katori and egg masala papad and loved all of them.
I had surti gotala and it was amazing. The variety of egg dishes is just amazing. The food is also reasonably priced.
It's a hit or a miss with this place. Sometimes they go overboard with the spices. Ordered the volcano biriyani the first time and it was amazing. Definitely a must visit if you are in the area just to see how many varieties you can cook with eggs.
Absolute Indian Thela Experience! Loved it. We had their keema curry and Paneer Masala sandwich. Buttery Creamy and spicy deliciousness. Their masala chas is a must try too.
If you like Eggs this is THE place to be... I love everything about this place.. Yummy Food, Quick service and the spice level is adjusted according to your demand.. Being an Indian, i still cannot eat Spicy food so i always request for Mild spice level and they always live upto and more then my expectation...I would highly recommend "Lachko"... its Amazing!! Volcano Biryani is yummmm... plus i love the Egg Katori as an appetizer... Also, u can ask for recommendations and they will give u a lot of yummy options.... LOVE this place! I highly recommend this place!
The food was great!! Order multiple dishes and all of them were really good!! Would def recommend to my family and friends!! Rajwadi lassi was very different and good!!!!
5-stars way less to rate this place.. its great place.. amazing food friendly staff.. even if u going first time and get confused with what to start with, don't worry trust your server and he'll get you best dish..I feel lucky.. I was first one to try there new special they "kurkuri" and since then I have one more dish on fixed order list.. writing this reviews make me want go there.. Thanks Eggmania team :)
Delicious Veg Masala sandwich!  Three layers of white bread, panini style pressed, with delicious goodness in the middle!  4 stars for that!We also had the mango lassi!  Yum!I wasn't too impressed by the other 2 dishes we got: Omelet Pulav and the tomato fry.  While they were both tasty, they were pretty oily.The service was friendly and we'd definitely go back!  Definitely for more sandwiches and we do want to try other things on the menu like the infamous volcano biryani!  :)Overall, fun, laid-back, and different kind of place to have in the neighborhood!  Oh, they also had a movie playing in the background.  At certain points, I felt like I was in a movie theater! Haha, I'm talking about experiencing surround sound, folks!
We ordered:Boil Tikka   10.99 (Sliced boiled with cooked with prominent flavoring of ginger and tomato with butter)It was very tasty and we have leftovers. It's defin. overpriced for just eggs. You can get a meat salan anywhere else for $8. This is just eggs and salan. We also didn't like pay 50 cents for more toast- they set you up for that- with so much sauce and only 4 -5 slices of toast, who are you tricking?Samosa Grill $8.00(2 layered grilled cheese chutney sandwich with mashed samosa, onion and tomato)Presentation of the sandwich was nice- I wish is came with fries. I wish they had chicken, which is halal but they ran out :( A bit on the spicy side. Next time I would try the chicken only or just skip it. I'm a halal meat girl. Did I mention they charge you $1 to make it w/ butter or I think ghee vs oil?They should just not charge! Drink: Rajwadi Coco $5.99(Thick chocolate drink with ice cream topped with chocolate chips, cashews and chocolate syrup)Ok so straight up, just get the Cold Coco for $3.99 they are basically charging your $2 for chocolate syrup and 7 cashews! I think this drink tastes like melted ice-cream with some thicker in it- just so you get an idea- I try the $4 one again!All in all I would only go here again if I was craving something different. The staff were nice. The bathroom was disgusting.Plz note that prep can take 12-20 minutes so be prepared to wait! And finding parking can take a bit!If you are veggie only then go here if you don't mind over-spending on tasty eggs :)3 stars for good eggs & nice staff but minus 2 stars for not having chicken (mind you, I called in advance to ask if the chicken was halal), and being over priced- 10.99 for 1-2 eggs in sauce- I mean really? and for a dirty bathroom.I say ya'll try it out once and see for yourself!Update: 2017They messed up an order (mild= super spicy) I could not feed it to my toddler. They gave me a free order on my next visit. went from 3 to 4 stars. My go to spot if I want cheesy halal chicken pressed bread sandwiches or super heavy chocolate milkwith cashews in Jersey City.
I have tried this place and I have tried different dishes as suggested by the owner. I was never disappointed with the taste or flavor. It was awesome. Will visit this place anytime I'm in the area..
Excellent food good service and menu I came here all the way from north Brunswick tava bhurji is excellent bolied tikka is gr88
It's whatever, way too overpriced. Im not into Indian food but I was hoping this place would change my mind but it defiantly did the opposite. Too oily, too spicy, too overpriced. I had some chocolate liquify pudding for like 4 dollars but it tasted like the snack pack puddings lol. It sucked I saw how they make it. It's disgusting.
Best indian food in Us. Best egg dishes. Better than the world famous raju omelette.Definitely recommended
Amazing Vegetarian Choices. Love the spice added to the food, takes you straight to the flavours of India. Definitely gotta try it!
Came here for the first time. The food was really awesome. Had jetty rolls.. Must try...
I was walking around Journal square on a casual weekday of Indian food craving and Eggmania's neon lights stood out to me. I remembered a friend making a strong suggestion about this place so I walked in and wow, this place is good. Everything here has egg in it, no surprises there and if you can forgive the extra-serving of oil they give your food, it actually is pretty delicious(. Pro-tip: Use a tissue paper to swab out some of the oil and forget about health when eating here. I tried the Volcano Biryani which was dripping in oil.4/5 stars just for the taste.
Excellent food and helpful staff!  Had the cheese paneer masala- was amazing! The boil fry was also great.  Will be coming back very soon! Can't wait to try the other dishes also. Try it!
We came here on Saturday night around 7 & it got quickly packed with locals! We had Boil Tikka and paneer masal. Both superb. Must try!
Excellent food! You can get different varieties of egg dishes! Loved the food! Lively ambience and the staff is really attentive.
The second time I traveled to NYC... I made sure I visit eggmania again..  Love the variety... Try surti gotala and volcano biryani... They are a must try...
Excellent boil tikka and surati khimo. Didn't like lasun fry. Nice masala soda too.Worth driving from Boston for the food.
Good paneer volcano biryani. Paneer bhurji , cheese paneer masala is good, sandwiches are perfectly done.
The food is very awesome especially egg paplet. It can be said that egg varieties here are better than india
Must go place for Egg lovers. Strongly suggest ! Tried Volcano biryani and Surti Gotala and both are delicious.
This is such a great establishment in an area where everyone is basically copying each other to do the same thing (North Indian Food or a Vegetarian Dosa Spot). I applaud these owners for thinking out of the box and really executing it to perfections. I've dined here a couple times and have always enjoyed my meal. It's quite amazing to see the varieties of egg dishes that they have based on the various cultures/regions in India. My Usual order is the gravy omelette that comes with yummy cheese instead and coated with a light yet flavorful gravy. It makes for a great "Get your hands dirty" kinda meal with the side of toasted bread. I've also tried their play on devilled eggs and also the chicken club sw.
People of JC, I'm calling you out. Why is this place so under the radar? Do you like comfort food? Do you like it HOT? Do you enjoy savory eggy goodness at low low prices? If yes, then hustle over to eggomania. It's not in a fancy gentrified part of town. Who cares? The ambience may leave a lot to be desired. So what? Walk, bike, drive, uber, just get there!To that delectable volcano biryani, I feel like I've waited my whole life to meet you. Your delicious buttery rice filled with coriander, onion, boiled eggs, garlic, chili, topped with a tasty hot sauce that brought me to the edge of my comfort zone on a bed of a fluffy yummy omelet made my taste buds jump for joy. I'm coming back for you again and your friends, surti gotala and that scrumptious looking poplet. No egg will be safe in my presence.I will be duchess, and you should all be jealous.
The only unique restaurant I came across in the whole of NJ for egg lovers. Every dish is made with love and perfection. Must visit.
Other level place for egg lovers! Had the volcano biryani, lasun fry, lapeti, egg katori! Amazing taste!  cold cocoa was amazing too .. Would definitely visit every single time I'm nearby
This place is definitely mind blowing. Their dishes are different and delicious. But mind it although the food is good. Its greasy and spicy. A bit difficult for a few to stomach. Take one portion and share for the first time. Volcano Biryani and Paneer Ghotala sre really good, spicy and greasy. I wonder if we can ask the servers to make it less greasy. Will check next time.
Amazing flavors! If you haven't visited Mumbai, get a feel of Mumbai street food here. Each item has a peculiar taste to it. I personally loved volcano biryani, jetty roll and lapeti (omlette wrapped around egg curry).If you are not used to spicy food, tell them the spice level while ordering and they cater to it.If you don't eat eggs, they have amazing paneer gotala. Try it!Finding street parking around is tough; find a paid parking spot.A must visit if you are in Jersey City area.
I want to start by saying that the food here is hella greasy and dripping oil/butter. I thought I was going to have a heart attack after eating a few bites if oil laden paneer bhurji. Also, what i found very cheap is that they give 3 peices of bread with entree, what the heck!!! Can they afford to give paav?? That just threw me off. Not a fan of these overly unhealthy cheap food joint.
Just had delicious meal - chicken masala sandwich, jetty roll and the ultimate volcano egg biryani! This one is sefinitelt worth a try. A bit spicy but great flavor and taste in all dishes. Will definitely try again.
This is quick fix for any type of food craving at any time for me. Awesome food and awesome staff! Andae khaneka toh apne style meich bavaa!!!
Not a fancy place but the food tastes amazing! Desi ghotala and volcano biryani is to die for. I hope they get big place in future as the wait times can be 20-25 minutes.
Food was really great had paneer volcano , veg cheese sandwich, rajwadi coco and cold coco
Let's start with the basics. If you're hoping for an elegant night out with a maître d'hôtel and a sommelier, Eggomania is not going to be your first port of call. You order at the counter, eat with plastic cutlery and toss your plate in the bin when you're done. But... If you want some outstanding Gujarati street food, all of it made with eggs (!) and spicy enough to wake up bored taste buds, then you really need to try this place. It's a simple restaurant concept, utterly fresh, and perfectly eggsecuted (sorry). It's not every day that you see a menu where you don't see ANYTHING you've ever had before. The staff gets high marks as well. Friendly, knowledgeable, and justifiably proud of their restaurant.
The food is EGGcelent here!! Get the goti fry and boil tikka! You won't be disappointed!
Amazing food, paneer ghotala is the best. The service is also good. Also try paneer volcano biryani
This is a flavor blast, every dish they serve has a distinct taste. Best place for desi style eggs menu.
Best in business. The egg dishes are fantastic. Must check out volcano biryani. The new anda lahori is awesome.
Good stuff. We had volcano Briyani, egg sandwich , egg masala and omlet. Everything was good and fresh. Egg masala sandwich was the best!
Beautiful place! Love the new TV screens with the menu. They should maybe think of putting up pictures of their must popular dishes for people who aren't familiar with Indian Food.Love the food and always recommend people to head over if you wanted something unique to eat
Great food and excellent service. Good food for breakfast, lunch and breakfast. Paneer toofani and crispy chicken sandvich is the best. Also they offer thumbs up drink which other places do not have it. Nonetheless you gotta try it!!
Awesome food!! Being a vegetarian this is place is a blessing. Loved their paneer gotala, paneer volcano and rajwadi lassi. Would highly recommend.
The eggs and curry paired better than I thought, but the dishes became redundant and everything was hella spicy. I came expecting to have my mind blown, and all I got was heartburn. It's worth a try though.
This place is alright. Don't get me wrong, I love spicy Indian food and Eggs, and if u do too, this is the place to go to. But, when I am in the Jersey City area for my work, I do not usually go there because they make the food with their bare hands, and the service isn't at its best. One of my colleagues told me about this place, so I decided to go check it out, but when i got there, there were out of the food I wanted, so when I ordered something else, the waiter did not have the common courtesy to tell me the food was hot, so i ended up walking out of that place with a burned mouth and a bad taste in it. Seriously, what kind of a dumbass waiter would not have the courtesy to tell me that the fucking food he gave me was hot, so i should wait a few damn minutes for it to cool off. Don' t go to this place unless u are okay with eating germy food that was made with people's bare hands. The idiots that work in this hellhole are horrible waiters too. This retarded place should not even get one star. Don't bother going here, it is a waste of your time. Eating used diapers or barf out of a dumpster would easily beat the shit and service here.
The food is amazing...if you love spicy food you should definitely try the volcano biryani.The lassi was awesome as well... Great place!!!
Very nice food. Every thing we tried was good. The grilled samosa sandwich felt like I was back in india.The paplet was delicious !! Will come again!!
Good concept, awesome food! Big variety from no spice to super spicy, almost every possible egg dish you can think of. The egg paplet was the best  along with cold coco. This is a hidden jewel in a small lane of little india in Jersey City
I really loved the food but it was too greasy. service was good !!
If you love eggs, u gotta give this place a shot. Never thought any egg dishes other than omlettle and burji could be interesting. But I was surprised.Do try the Surti Gotala and Egg Katori. Forgot the names of the rest :)
Fabulous place for spicy egg yumminess. Clean place, happy colors, nice staff. Quick service, and the food be on point. It's greasy, spicy, and eggalicious. Egg Paplet was terrific. (I am a Bombayiite and this business was all new to me). The mint curry With Egg Paplet makes you groan with happiness. Volcano Biryani is an audience favourite apparently, and with good reason. It's an eggy-cheesy-biryani bomb. The sandwich (I ordered the veg cheese sandwich not-grilled, street sandwich style), was salty and didn't pack the same punch as street-sandwich back home, but was definitely a good attempt. Going back. Oh, my Gora friend who can eat very spicy broke a mad sweat because he breaks a sweat whenever he eats hot food and the servers were total champions and gave him a lassi on the house. Nice chaps. Go there, you'll be happy you did.
Worse food ever. Cook don't know how to cook it's feels like u eating oil only. We order paneer and egg Bhurji, it was hard to find gravy only thing we can see was oil oil and oil
Awesome Indian style egg varieties . Totally worth your money and nice food quality..
This is the most brilliant place ever! Hands down the best toast sandwiches!!! Tried the paneer and egg toast sandwich both were awesome and also had the gotala....... Once you come to this place, you will keep craving for it...
If you really want to experience what the true Indian street food taste like, this is the place. I can't remember the last time I had Indian style eggs made so well. We came here late in to the night and tried variety of of eggs made Indian way such as unda khima, surti eggs, garlic eggs and unda fried rice. I may not have all the names of the item here correct but I sure remember how good it was. Again if you really want to try amazingly tasty eggs, this is the place. As always you have to try it to believe it. #happyeating
Eggomania has lot of varieties of egg dishes that you can imagine or think about. Whenever we crave Indian styled eggs, it has to be eggomania also because its one of a kind place where you would find so many varieties of eggs and they taste great.  Try their desi kheema, goti fry or Surati gotalo. We love all these dishes.
If you love eggs and Indian spices then you are in the egg paradise. The dishes have innovative names and they stand for it. Restaurant guys are very nice to guests. However, make sure you if you prefer less oil and mild food because the dishes are delicious but are on the spicer side.
This place is literally the best. You will find the best egg food here. So much better than their second eggmania branch.
Awesome place, volcano biryani is a must try . I'm a regular here and never disappointed with the food or the service. Always a good experience,
Tried the sandwiches. Amazing sandwiches. Ultimate fav is the paneer toofani and samosa sandwich.
Delicious food !! :D we are definitely coming back here.. !! We tried paneer volcano, veg  cheese sandwich and mango lassi all were very nice !!
Amazing food! Great service. Can't tell if we are in India or in the States...MUST go in NJ!
Eggolicious food. Greasy and spicy haven for Indian street food lovers. Cant go wrong with the gotalas or the rice items. The egg griiled sandwich and the masala papad are to die for.They need to be better in serving/selling water with such awesome food
This place is average due to its confusing prices. In addition to the prices seen on the menu, the tax or whatever it is considered is too much for the quantity. Having said that, however, I have only gotten one thing and that was the egg bhurji and it was mediocre. There was nothing amazing about it; it also needed a little more spicy kick to it. It came in a little regular container with three pieces of bread. The staff is pretty helpful in letting you know the different options. Overall, you just have to get the right thing because not everything on the menu is as good as some of the others on the menu. I would want to try the other options they have, especially the volcano biryani that it is known for.
I use yelp a lot for checking reviews but I'm not as regular as I should be in giving reviews unless I have an outstanding experience and I want the world to know about it. Eggomania is one such. This is a restaurant that show you how creative one can get with just eggs. Being foodies and spice lovers, we fell in love with the place instantly and now, we make it a point to take all our friends and family here. It is hard to pick our favorites here, I think we have pretty much tried everything here. The only dish in the menu that probably did not match up to our expectation was the volcano biriyani. Nonetheless, there is a lot of other dishes that we still have not had enough of. Eggomania makes our grocery trips to JSQ worthwhile.
Good food on top exceptional service.  Nice ambience overall awesome experience.  5 stars.
Amazing food ,Worth coming !! One of the best for Egg lover's...!!! Very reasonable prices ..
The only reason I go is because of my wife ...she loves the food there.....We are from out of town so whenever we visit family we stop by this location to have a late night dinner. recently they have been really disappointing in the quality of food they have provided us since the eggs we got were not cooked all the way...I will definitely try to avoid this place in the future when me trying to have a late night dinner.
Excellent taste. But lot of things can be improved starting with ambienceThe food feels overly priced
So so so delicious! I tried the egg masala sandwich and the veggie masala sandwich. The egg sandwich was amazing! I like the fact that they make their sandwiches with 3 slices of bread. The egg masala mixture had the perfect amount of spices and the veggies in the top layer were perfectly cooked. The veggie masala sandwich was great too! I can't wait to try their other dishes, definitely coming back soon.
The sandwiches (egg,paneer,chicken masala) are great. The volcano biryani was too spicy and oily for my taste. The egg dishes are essentially boiled egg slices in gravy....would have liked more boiled eggs in the gravy.
BEST EGG PLACE TO GO TO!!!!Must try desi gotala!!!! Vegetarians must try Veg masala sandwich and Paneer bhurji.
Loved the Volcano biryani- quite a fusion of eggs and rice. Would love to go again sometime
This is one of the few Indian restaurants we visit on a frequent basis. Its a new concept of Indian food in the US. Some of our favourite dishes include Cheese Paneer Masala, Maniac Curry(Half cut boiled egg in spicy tomato) and Veg Toast Sandwich. Place is very hygienic and the food is always consistent in taste. Staff is very friendly and can help in choosing the right dish for you. It has some nice selection of unique indian non alcoholic drinks. I definitely recommend visiting this place. Value for money is guaranteed!
tasty food, but little oily, buttery. Service is good. opened till late night. Been there lot of time in last two year, seems like prices are going up on every visit. I hope it maintain the food taste.
