So grateful to have this Indian in the neighborhood. Best Indian in the neighborhood by far. Even spicing on the saag and tikka, samosas tasted homemade and fresh, rice was fluffy, Glaub jamon w "as sweet but not too sweet, and great chutneys - including a new hot sauce I've never had with Indian before.I'm not a plant - just grateful there is good Indian in my neighborhood and want them to succeed.
Moharani is fresh and deliver is fast. We saw the construction months ago and are happy to report its this new spot is a perfect addition to the hood. Not quite as greasy as many of the mediocre Indian places in the Greenpoint/Williamsburg area, which is refreshing. They also allow seamless orders, making it convenient. They have great chutneys but I wish they gave a larger sized container since they are so good it really makes the meal.We ordered chicken vindaloo and Chana saag the first time, and chicken saag and aloo gobi mater the second, plus onion bhaji. The onion bhaji are great- fried and tasty. Vindaloo was spicy but not as flavorful as I sometimes like. The saag is great not too greasy but wish it were spicier.
This is my go-to Indian restaurant! I literally order there at LEAST once a week.My boyfriend and I love to take the Moharani special because it's an incredible deal/value (starter + main for like $16). My house favorite is their chicken biryani (I like to ask for potatoes which is only $1 extra). It's so hard to find a place that does the biryani right and this place makes fabulous ones, and it comes as a big portion! Their veggie samosas are also delicious, really crispy!
Delivery was 25 minutes early. I was so happy I would have eaten just about anything pretty gleefully. Bonus, the food was actually really good too. I could tell it was freshly made and the sauce wasn't premixed.
Absolutely fantastic food.  I've must have ordered from this place a 100 times.  Quick delivery too.  This is my go-to spot for Indian food in Greenpoint.
Extremely slow delivery times - they tell you 35-45 min and is often one hour.The food is fantastic - absolutely amazing - and I would order more and recommend them if they improved their delivery service!
The food is very good here, but the amount of chicken (in the red sauce dishes) has slowly been shrinking.  If they could just put $5 worth of chicken in my lunch container (my work orders every week from here), I could raise the stars to 4!  Please.. pretty please...more chicken?
This is one of the worst indian meals I've ever had! It was not fresh, and extremely Americanized. The chickpeas in my channa chatt tasted canned, and hardly drained, and the vegetables at the end of their life. There were kidney beans and black beans in my black lentil dal. The chutneys were horrible. Was that a Kraft single in my cheese naan?
Although the prices are like five cents more compared to most Indian restaurants I've been to, the food is great. Very flavorful and you can taste every spice. You don't have to worry about waiting long because they haven't taken more then 15 minutes to prepare my food. That's just my opinion. I always picked up, never called in for delivery.
This is by far the best indian food in greenpoint. We enjoyed the veggie curry and the chicken tikka masala. The apps came with the typical sauces, which I love. Generous portions and prompt delivery.
I feel blessed by the Hindu goddess this take out and delivery place just opened this week the food is super fresh tastiest and amazingly delicious. I did pick up on three occacions since I live down the block the owner and team are super charming energetic and entusiastic. Sorry I cut short the review I am on the way to pick up food for my girlfriend and friends
Got delivery that arrived very fast and friendly. Ordered the dinner special that comes with choice of appetizer and main. Chose the assorted appetizer and fish masala. It was so fresh and flavorful I was shocked. Easily the best ive had.
The flavors were pretty good but I'm writing my very first Yelp review because I ordered a shrimp dish and received exactly TWO shrimp for a $15 shrimp dish. That's inexcusable.
