Been: 2xMy first time here was with my boo on 02.25.17 We shared the patpri chat and I ordered a mild chicken korma with rice. I forgot what he had,  but my boo enjoyed. They have three levels of spiciness: mild, medium,  and spicy. If you have the tastebuds to handle spicy foods, I recommend the spicy, which I got my second time there: 03.02.17. The medium gets spicier as you go but that's only if you wolf it down. The spicy lingers more, which helps one to eat more slowly and savor the dish more. I did the spicy without rice (very filling) and ate it with plain naan instead. I also tried the pani poori. It was a cute little dish with stuffed crackers and some kind of sauce to pour over it. I found the sauce to be too salty for it, so instead I used the green and red sauce they serve as the "bread" of the table. It was awesome! The naan is delicious and the gulab jamun, not so much. It has a great aftertaste, but the during taste is kind of weird. It's not bad in any way,  just an odd flavor that is hard to describe.  If the chef reads this, I recommend adding (more) cardamon to the recipe! I love the ceiling of this diner. They made the HVAC look like leafy branches! I took a panoramic photograph of the space here, but unfortunately, Yelp! doesn't accept panoramic views yet! :(Happy eats! :)
I had to update my review because this place has gone downhill. It saddens me because my wife and I recently celebrated our 10-year anniversary and came back here where we had our first date to celebrate. It used to be amazing and the shining star of Jackson Heights, but is now a relic of a place designed in the 80s (and never cleaned or updated) with a lack of love for their food. We started with the trio of somosa, chicken tikka and machi amritsari. They were all mediocre and the tikka was clearly dark meat and not the white meat that's described on the menu. We followed it up with a masala dosa which was pretty bland with not much going on. My wife asked for some salt which is a horrible sign for Indian food. We also had the Murg Malai Kabab with a side of lemon rice (which sounded amazing). The lemon rice tasted like nothing and was a huge disappointment. The chicken was actually pretty good but that  was about the only winner of the night. There are so many more options in the area that you don't need to waste your time here.
It was Sunday afternoon around 5 pm that me and my aunt visiting from Maryland came in. It was rather empty and we were given a table near the entrance.My aunt really didn't need to look at the menu since she only had one thing on here mind: chicken vindaloo, I ordered the shrimo vimdaloo and a Taj Mahal beer. Our waiter was attentive. It took about 20 minutes to get our food. We had been asked if we wanted rice or any of the Indian breads and we chose rice.Each dish came with a heaping bowl of basmati rice.  Both entrees were generous portions, The shrimp vindaloo had a good amount of shrimp. There was also bits of russet potatoes. The sauce was the familiar blend of spices and herbs that make up vindaloo, The shrimp were tender. I also had some of her chicken. The chicken was boneless pieces of meat, a mix of white and dark meat.
Review solely reflects on their buffet lunch.First of all, almost everything is great here for lunch. It will be easier to point out what I personally didn't like as much. The first item on that list would be the naan. Totally limp and unflavored. People who prefer soft bread would enjoy the mushy texture. I can see the argument for having the naan being under-flavored, since it will be dipped in the various sauces. But I like it being flavored and the sauces adding that extra different flavor (savory, curry, spicy, etc). The next item to nitpick on is the chicken tandoori. Way over cooked and tough imo. Flavor is excellent and the onion slices are grilled exceptionally, just sitting on the hot plate slowly being grilled (mix the onions into the various sauces).Other than those two, everything else is excellent. The times I went, they always had goat (my favorite). On weekends, the difference in going at noon vs 1pm is huge. Goes from empty to being packed.
I love this place.  The food is traditional, unlike most Indian places you find.  Everything is fresh, great quality and priced fair!
Been to this place twice with my boyfriend about a year and a half ago. First time there was somewhat my second or third time having Indian food. I don't remember what I ordered but it was the goat (mistake: I often forget that goat can be kind of boney) but the sauce was green -- maybe mostly spinach -- but it was delicious! The servers ask how spicy you would like the food and I asked for medium, which was perfect for me. My boyfriend asked for "the spiciest they got". The server was a little puzzled, at first, but was like "okay" and my boyfriend LOVES spicy food. Halfway through the meal he was sweating bullets but loved every bite as I enjoyed the spice that I could handle. We each enjoyed the place and planned to go back.And go back we did. We went this past weekend and decided to come here since we hadn't been here in a while. Lo, and behold, they have a buffet! I had some of the fish curry with rice & naan, along with tandoori chicken. Everything was at medium spice, so just perfect for me. There was also this fried potato thing -- they looked like chicken nuggets -- but they were tasty and especially good with the chickpeas they were displayed with. We both got seconds because it was that good but then we both realized I ate too much. However good, no buffet for me next time ;)
We have been here for dinner three times! It is one of our favorite places to eat in NYC and always the first place we think of when we are craving Indian food. Have taken guests here who have not had Indian before and they enjoyed it as well. Try the garlic naan!PS. If you ask for mild - they will basically take out all of the spice.
We had our we had an hour of Christmas or the annual Christmas lunch over here.This place is a legend replace four in food being there for donkeys years. I came here after at least six years and I wasn't disappointed with the food. But I was surprised to see the place not so crowded as it used to be in it's prime days. Buffy as usual was elaborate and they also had a live does the station which was a plus point. The lamb and the kebabs were fantastic. The fresh Indian breads naan and tandoori roti were served fresh. Wish they had a more of an items on the buffet that was only little disappointment.
We have LOVED this restaurant for 30 some odd years. It use to be down the block in a smaller place, with lines way out the door & on the sidewalk. Then they moved to a much larger place & there's never been waiting since. They have the best buffet, with a wide variety of foods for pretty a reasonable price. I never liked Indian food, but a friend persuaded me to go there & I moaned & groaned all the way. Now it is one my top 4 favorite restaurants. The way they blend their spices- sooo good. They have a wide variety of vegetarian dishes in addition to chicken & lamb dishes. It's also located by the subway, so friends don't mind hopping on the train & taking it to a block that is 95% Indian stores that sell sari's, Indian Jewlery, a supermarket- everything Indian related. We call the block Little India, because that's what it feels like there. We highly recommend this restaurant. If you go you're in for a palatable treat.
Jackson Diner offers an non-stop, wear-sweatpants-to-lunch AYCE buffet from 11:30-4:30pm for $11.95. I love soul feeding conversations with good friends and dipping JD's fluffy naan into rich curry. We must have sat and ate for 3 hours. Very inexpensive lunch for the quantity.Jackson Diner's best dishes were the creamy spinachy Saag Paneer with firm chunks of tofu, their crispy made-to-order Masala Dosa and the creamy cartilaginous Goat stew.I had the Tandoori chicken, vindaloo, Chana Masala, Saag Paneer, Masala Dosa, Kheer Rice Pudding, Goat stew, and Naan. The tandoori chicken was a little dry, and so was the chicken in the masala.Tip: Arrive around 11:30 or 12pm. It gets really busy around 2:30 and 3pm. And the Kheer Rice was chewy broken-down-rice with a hint of cinnamon, making the rice pudding a slightly sweet dessert. Very nice way to end a 3 hour lunch.
Decided to try out Jackson diner solely based on recommendation from some one that lives in the area. We arrived at around 1pm and opted for the buffet option, all was good however not much variety. All in all at $11.95 pp I would not hesitate to recommend the place to others
I visited this place for my holiday party. They have a very good buffet with a lot of options. It was a perfect value for money, with lamb chicken and a live dosa station. Service was excellent, we got fresh Indian bread from the kitchen.
This food is so good.  I'm on my 3rd plate. $11.95 all you can eat is really all I can eat and I can eat a lot. In my family eating is a competitive sport. Holidays are like the damn olympics. We are the heavyweight champions of the buffet. But seriously this is delicious food right here. Tandoori chicken is always coming out fresh from the kitchen (as is all) I just elude to that as it one of my favorites. Bon apetit.
Something about buffet style of food.  You trade variety and quantity for quality. I've been coming here for years and will still drop by when in the area but definitely not as it used to be. Even their mango lassi is watered down
Food: 3.5/5.0Service: 3.5/5.0Value: 4.0/5.0Decor: 3.0/5.0Overall: 3.5/5.0 Decent buffet offering at $11.95/head, ending at 4:30pm.  Four meat options with several veg choices, cooked probably on par for take-out which imo is solid positioning for an AYCE.  Now that I think about it, there was not a dosa station that others have referenced.  Very good service due thanks to a very observant waiter.  The place was maybe half full on a Saturday mid-afternoon, but street parking was tough per usual in Jackson Heights.  Doesn't quite get to a fourth star in my view but close.
The buffet lunch special is the best. It's a good way to have a variety of things for only $12. The staff is very friendly and they're constantly putting out fresh food. I'm not usually a fan of spicy foods but the food is a good balance of spicy so I can still enjoy the food. Great Indian food.
Overpriced and most definitely meant for tourists and gentrifiers. That's not to say that the food wasn't good and tasty but it was certainly not authentic and a bit of a disappointment when compared to the amazing delicious spots that this neighborhood has to offer. Also, extremely slow table service.
My favorite place in Jackson Heights, Queens to have authentic Indian food.I absolutely love their vegetable samosas for appetizer and their lamb vindaloo with basmati rice as my main meal.Their serving portion is just perfect for a hungry person.If you plan on having a taste of alcohol with your meal, definitely order a King Fisher. Don't worry about the space, lots of room for a big party if you are planning on having a group lunch or dinner.Should you prefer to go on a Friday night, they usually have live music.They are located very close to public transportation such as the 7/E/F/R/M trains and cabs can be easily accessible.While you are there, I'd recommend you window shop and see what the Bollywood community offers with their exotic jewelry, clothing, music, and vegetable supermarkets.The staff is absolutely lovely and the prices are reasonable.
The overall experience was good but I was expecting the food to taste better. The chicken makhani was too sweet and the palak paneer had no flavor. Plus they only had one option for dessert and it was Kheer which was just average. the most disappointing part was that they didn't have gulab jamun for dessert which is usually a staple at indian buffets. Probably won't be coming back again.
Was invited for a Diwali dinner, 9 of us and we all thought never again.Place was overpriced for the food, ambience and service, staff didn't look happy at all even though we spent almost $300 in a place that looked empty.No one was impressed, not one of us. We ordered a gobi paratha as one of our starters, firstly it was a naan not a paratha and it tasted like a plain paratha. So we thought a mistake had been made, so I split mine in two and couldn't see any filling, then spotted two tiny spots, that was it, how insulting, must have been 1/300th of a cauliflower segment and I'm not joking. I asked for a thick sweet lassi, was still runny. The jkorma had no flavor, they had simply dipped the protein pieces into a ready made sauce. Rice portions were quibbled about, 9 of us so we expected 9 portions, 4 portions were served, we questioned this and were told the bowls were double portions, really didn't look like it, pointed out that 9 of us so still missing a portion, no apology, simply a tiny rice bowl was dumped by her in a perfunctory manner. The only reasonable dish was the keema peas (though too oily so probably using a cheaper fattier cut of meat) otherwise would have given Jackson Diner one star.I had been warned by friends of Indian origin this place was great 20 years ago and by American friends 10 years ago, perhaps it was but never again.
Best Indian food I have had in NYC in a while.  I went there for dinner, NOT the buffet - please note many of the less-than-great reviews are for the buffet!  If you aren't going for the buffet (which is temptingly cheap), you should probably ignore these - they should probably be in a different category than ordering off the menu.  Among my selections I had a delicious pureed mustard green that was perfectly seasoned/spiced, and was unique to me in all my years and countries of Indian food.  Nice chicken masala, and a unique and delicious fried okra appetizer.  Great service, reasonable prices, nice space, and the place is packed with Indians - cooks, servers and patrons - always a sign of quality.  I will definitely be back and will recommend to friends.
Rudeness.... not much more that I can say...I had to call 3 times to ask what time would they close for lunch.. before I ended the question the employee would hung up on me....When I got there I notice that was not only on the phone but there they are very rude to people... I was never asked for the drinks... and all the times they would PUSH me and others on their way for what ever reason...Now for the food... It taste good!!Just ignore the VERY dirty table, dishes and everything around... I even went back for more food 2 times....
Jackson Diner still holds the distinction of having the funkiest decor of all of the Indian AYCE buffets in Jackson Heights and is easily the biggest tourist trap for all of the non-locals who aren't willing to venture too far from 74th Street.  That said, Jackson Diner could be used as a benchmark for the inhibited, non-savy, yet curious Indian foodies only now they have to cough up $10.95 for the lunch buffet.  The secret for Jackson Diner is their ability to place the food in front of the large window for all hungry pedestrians looking from the outside.  Delhi Palace, Indian Taj, and Ashoka (before they closed) all had their food covered or placed in the back.  Of all of the other popular restaurants, Jackson Diner still doesn't take credit card while nearby Taj and Delhi Palace will gladly take it for a minimum of $10 or more.  Not to hate on them too much, the food is relatively decent and the selection is good.  Waiting for Dosas can really jam the line up and the crowds are still too fierce on the weekends.  Chicken Mehkni and Sag Paneer are rich and full of flavor, while the Aloo Tikki, Khadi Pakoras, and Chana Aloo still leave for much to be desired.And of course, the service still and may always suck.
$30 will get you as much tasty food as you can eat for 2, and a couple of beers. Astonishing value for the solid quality. On our visit: chicken tikka, goat curry, chilli chicken, another chicken curry in a wet sauce (the name escapes me), a swampy-looking saag aloo, dosa masala, tandoori veg, rice, naan, pakora, curried cauliflower and a cashew-studded rice pudding for dessert. There was also a dude making breads to order.Friendly service, too.
My review is for the buffet, as I have never ordered off the menu.This place is my favorite all-you-can-eat Indian place in Jackson Heights. It's been there for over 20 years. I used to live in the area when I was a little kid.This place is huge inside with high ceilings and is perfect for groups. The $10.95 buffet offers stuff like naan, goat curry, tandoori chicken, and more. There is also a guy that stands on the side that will make dosas for you.In terms of taste, I woudn't say that the quality is exceptional. Some of the other all-you-can eat Indian places in the area taste just as good, and Jackson Diner's food could be spicier. It's just that this place has a slightly bigger variety, much more space inside, and they replenish the buffet very quickly. There are also servers walking around to refill your water.
First time I tried this place was the buffet lunch 10 years ago. The qualify of the food is what you'd expect at a cheap all-you-can-eat spot. Then 10 years later I returned for a-la-carte dinner with visiting friends, one of them is Indian and she thought this food was horrible in taste. I had to agree. We asked for spicy but the dishes came out sweet and mild. Their non-Indian dishes were much better than the Indian variety. So that says a lot. This is one of the restaurants I'd never return.
Something happened at Jackson Diner in the last year.  The curries are not as, um, thick or flavorful?  I've been a return visitor for many years and I think I'll have to move on.  The curries were more, um, runny and generic.  The overall quality has dropped.  I know nothing stays the same in this industry.  Staff changes.  Ownership changes.  But the quality at JD had been at a high level for many years.  I used to recommend JD to anybody visiting the city and would take folks here all the time... but I'll be finding a new spot.  I'm not writing this with any glee--I'm genuinely not happy about changing my initial rating.
I thought Jackson Heights was Indian-Pakistani-Middle-Eastern food heaven but this was subpar. Went for the lunch buffet, curries were not over the flame. Naan was cold and stale. Curries were not even a little spicy and I'm usually bad with spicy foods. Food was cold and rice was laughable. Mango lassi was ok for the price and small. None of the food seemed fresh and I worried that it was full of MSG/salt. I would not return.
I've been here a few times - twice for the buffet special (9.95+tax, all you can eat, until 4pm) and once for a real off-the-menu dinner. I have not been disappointed yet! While buffets are wasted on me, go if you want to try different Indian cuisines and have an empty stomach. everything tastes so delicious - especially that saucy chicken dish (sorry, I don't remember what it was called). I just drenched my rice in the expertly spiced sauce and ate away. For someone who eats half a sandwich and is full, I ate two plates. Plus some rice pudding with golden raisins and cashews. Did I mention that I couldn't stand up afterwards? Yum.As for the dinner, I had the fish dish because I've often had chicken/lamb and thought, why not try something new? It was tender. It was flavorful. It was not enough! I wanted a tad more, but with the other plates around me, I left happy and satiated. Until next time!The only bad thing would be the creepy looks from the waiters. I feel like they are watching me eat :(
Whatever we have gotten has been delicious. Love the biriyani. Has a nice kick but still able to eat it with no problem. Our waiter was very kind and helpful since it was our first time trying this place out. We went back again the next week and brought my sister who loved it as well. The masala tea wasn't too good. Tasted like regular tea but besides that we enjoyed ourselves.
THE best indian buffet my taste buds have ever experienced..wonderful naan, rice, butter chicken and tandoori. and the kheer to finish it all off was excellent.Regularly come all the way from Jersey for the lunch buffet here with my boyfriend. oh, and the place is HUGE so you eat comfortably without overhearing the table next to you munching away. and the staff is so gracious and attentive.truly love this place
There's a reason why I haven't reviewed this place even though it was my earliest introduction to Indian AYCE buffets and what non-Indians think of as Indian food.The current rating is because I remember when this was a) a lot smaller b) a lot less generic and the food was a lot better. I mean, you really can't mess up Naan or Tandoori (well, yes you can - you can overcook it) so if I am dragged here by friends who want to experience "Indian Cuisine", I have a safe choice.I was disappointed by the mango lassi's I had the last time I was here because it was clear they didn't use fresh mangoes. The dosas are OK, but I still stand by my dosa place by my temple.I mean, it's an institution in Jackson Heights, it's got everything that a person looking for "Indian food" would want and it's relatively inexpensive. Personally, I don't seek it out because I know I can get better food elsewhere (and I don't like North Indian cuisine either so another reason why I prefer to stay away).Meh.
awesome Indian food! So sad that their manhattan location closed :(. Definitely the best indian food I have had in the city.
Admittedly Ive never had true Indian food before, so I didnt know what to really expect. The restaurant is small and crowded during rush hours, but once you get past that, you can really value the food. Their dishes are really spicy and flavorful, and they give you different choices of additional spice you can get on the side. They also got this drink, similar to a shake, made out of mango that was really good. I wish I could get the name for that. My go-to spot for Indian.
For the price you pay this is incredible food. I think its $11.95 for the lunch buffet...they have a decent amount of different foods in the buffet and the food is VERY tasty as good Indian food should be
i got a stomach bug from here. they recently got a B grade for hygiene too.
I usually head to Jackson Diner for their lunch buffet, which is quick, delicious, and laughably affordable.  I don't expect attentive service or frills when I'm at a buffet, just great food, and Jackson Diner fits the bill!  The wide variety of meat and vegetarian dishes will satisfy any palate, and the platters are regularly refilled, so everything's always relatively fresh out of the kitchen.I would give them 5 stars for take-out or an actual dine-in dinner.  The quality of the food's already quite high at the buffet, but it's absolutely outstanding when prepared to order.
We had an event catered by Jackson Diner, and Majeet, the owner, did a fantastic job in making sure we had amazing and delicious food. Every guest commented on it. Thank you!
Came here for their lunch buffet. Didn't enjoy that much. The meat was dry and room temperature, but the vegetables were okay. In addition, they have limited selection.
$10.95 for the buffet.You get what you pay for. The Dosa was good, delicious, but everything else was just okay and not that great. I was hoping for something special, but it tasted like mediocre mass produced food sitting around in chaffing trays. I'm not much of a buffet person, this is why: the dish ware and buffet area seemed dirty and not sanitary. Food spills everywhere and the dishes were old and wet. Perhaps ordering from the menu would've been a better a deal.p.s. don't slip on the wet bathroom floors
HELL YEEEEEAAAAHH BABEEE!...This place gets Indian right - northern and southern, meat and vegetarian.
The weekend buffet is not what it used to be years ago, but now the entire block is covered with mediocre buffets. Still the best paneer makini in Queens!
I used to like this place but from last few months food quality is consistantly dropping. Tried samosa for appetizer it was ok but mu entre goat curry was greasy and goat wasnt cook perfectly.salted lassi was watery. Hope they will improve food quality  soon.
Wow, where do I start?  Indian was the choice for the evening's meal.   Upon arrival at this wide open space, one thing came to mind, what the heck was that smell?  Did I turn and run, nope not this man.  His wife wanted Indian and she was going to get it.Once greeted by a "host" things took a turn for the better as there was a large selection of open tables up in the quiet portion of the restaurant, of course we were informed those tables were unavailable due to the roof leaking.  I know I noticed an "A" rating from the board of health on the front door, so again I chose not to run, but onward to dinner.Turns' out the 'host" was nothing more than a member of the wait staff, all similarly attired both in attitude and outfit.   Neither of which was pretty.  A brief example is when I asked what type of dressing came on the house salad, I was told "liquid."  There is absolutely no help from staff in terms of interpreting the menu, you are on your own.  I my opinion the four dollars spent on the salad, half a tomato, quarter cucumber and lettuce, was the best deal of the night.Rather than dining at this establishment pluck a couple of nose hairs, take a barefoot walk in a local dog run and you will be ahead of the game.
Sigh. If I could eat here everyday,  I would.  As a vegetarian,  there are a myriad of option at the buffet spread. I could just eat and eat and eat. So many deep flavors. The food isn't spicy (which I prefer) but that doesn't detract from the wonderful taste. The customer service was fine. I was left alone to eat my food with little interruption, which I like. Definitely coming back here again and again
The service was horrible, food was below average and it did not look clean. Won't be going back there again.
Nice place.  Love the food.  The buffet is so affordable.The only negative I could think of is hopefully they could do a better job cleaning the restrooms.I'd definitely coming back for more!
Indian - with an unlikely name.I was skeptical when my friends called me and asked me to meet them at Jackson Diner for Indian.  I could have sworn it was a burger place and well- it just sounds like a place for burgers. In any case, it is most definitely an Indian restaurant in the heart of little India in J.H.   After a good search for parking (totally nonexistent) i was able to find something a few blocks away and since I haven't really been to this area in some time, was a bit surprised by the 'hood.  Indian this, that and the other thing covered every square inch.  It was pretty cool.The restaurant itself was very good.  There were seven of us so we ordered all different things to pass around and everything was top notch - the spicy stuff was spicy - although the onions w/ chili pepper spread they put on the table could have been way hotter in my opinion.There really is not much in the way of atmosphere here - it pretty much reminds me of a cafeteria the way it looks.  The place has a constant stream of people coming and going and it can get noisy but the food is definitely good and I'd go backParking on the street- good luck with that!
Just an Average Rest. Looks clean than other rest in the area.Food is Ok. You can try buffet for $10
I had been searching high-and-low for Indian food and until now, I had been going to Seva Indian cuisine (which I still will go to since the food rocks and is close to home.) However, our friends kept telling me they knew a place I would absolutely fall in love with...and they weren't lying.We went a Saturday around lunch time, right in time for the lunch buffet. The restaurant fits at least 100 people. It's pretty huge. The decor is nice, no overkill of smells. The waiters were pretty attentive, nothing out of the normal. So yeah, nice visit. Go...Oh wait, I'm sure you want to hear about the food!  I left with a tummy filled with Indian goodies and happy feelings. Apparently, Jackson Diner is pretty famous and well-known and everyone mentions it as soon as you say "where can I get some Indian food." All the hype is true. DELICIOUS. Masala dosa made right there, goat curry, tandoori chicken, everything is amazing. And I was able to try at least eight dishes thanks to the buffet....and only for $10!If you're an addict for Indian food, go here.
I can't help but feel like somehow Jackson Diner did not live up to all the hype. There's no argument that the $10 lunch buffet is a steal, but compared to the many other Indian buffets I've had in my lifetime, it simply, was nowhere near the best. It did deliver in some areas, but left something to be desired in others.The Bad:-Pathetic salad, I'm talking white iceberg, mealy pink tomatoes, and cucumbers on verge of being overripe-Pre made naan and tandoori chicken (I prefer it to be freshly made and brought out to each table)-Lack of entree options: briyani, chicken tikka masala, curried goat, lentils, curried veggies, palak paneer, creamy cauliflower, and dosa & sauce. That was everything!The Good:-Easy to find street parking (1hr only) and convenient to MTA-Clean, relaxing interior with muted color scheme-Service was friendly and on point, very helpful when we had questions regarding the food-They bring a whole pitcher of water to the table-Dosa is made to order and brought to your table- Chicken tikka masala was rich and tasty, as were the roasted curried vegetablesNext time I would probably opt for dinner, where I can some samosas and a single entree, made to order.
I love Indian buffets especially when they're good. This was one was pretty good at a reasonable price. They had a good variety of dishes and because there were so many people, there was good turnover. I love that because I hate old stale food that has been sitting out for hours. I definitely recommend this place over the other buffets in the area!
We were too tired.. After hiking our bodies weren't working properly, but our lips were. Luckily two Indian friends were there with me, and I yelled at them, "I need Indian food!!!"Jackson Diner was the last stop of the day and was the place one of the Indian friends drove us to. I thought the place was an American food restaurant.(Read the name of the restaurant again. you get it?) We got there at 9:40pm, and the place was supposed to close at 10pm(I don't know why they close at 10pm on Sunday...) The waiter said they can wait for us to finish our meal, so we stayed.At the beginning, our waiter brought us three different dipping sauce(mango sauce was good!, and I don't remember the others.. :( ) for some kind of chips.We ordered Dum Aloo which is a vegi-dish, Lamb Roganjosh and Murg Makhanwala which is also called Chicken Tikka Masala with Nan. I couldn't try Dum Aloo since the dish was pretty small and we had a vegan with us. However, I loved lamb and chicken. I think this was only me but the lamb tasted like beef. Soft-enough lamb with spicy curry! Chicken was good too but we ordered it less spicy which was good too. The curry coming with Chicken was a bit sweet and I liked it!When we were almost finishing our food, waiters started cleaning the restaurant. They started making noise meaning they wanted to go home, and it was a bit annoying. But I understood that because we were actually too late. :(I hope I can visit this place sooner or later earlier so that I don't have to rush eating food.
One of the few places still open in Jackson Heights. Considering all the new places opening left and right. Food comes out relatively quickly. Tasted pretty good. Prices are not outrageous. Wish we had bigger portions. Our group was not fully satisfied with the portions so we got more snacks at a nearby restaurant.
Diner styled Indian food.Doesn't come off as the cleanest spot. But the food (namely all the curry) is very good and filling for the price. Great for relaxed weekends with friends.
Jackson Diner is an excellent value for your money. At $10.95 per person, a buffet with nearly 8 choices of different curries, masalas and vegetable options is at your fingertips.  The proteins I found were mainly lamb, chicken and curdled milk cubes in various serving trays, which were fresh and excellent.  There are even two areas where tandoori chicken is kept heated on a large hot plate. In another area, a worker will help make delicious dosas for your enjoyment. Finally, there is also another table that contains chickpeas, Indian condiments and a sweet rice pudding dessert that is absolutely delicious. The best things about Jackson Diner, aside from the food, are the waiters who attentively bring you water, your check, one free naan, and clear your table without asking, and also the cavernous dining room, with super high ceilings.  If you have the time, take a trek out to Jackson Heights and when you leave, you'll be asking yourself, how come a place like this isn't in Manhattan?
I have dabbled at indian food in the city but this place has what it takes to have you coming back and wanting more. I enjoyed a the Samosa Chat, which is a perfect starter to get your tastebuds familiar with all of the flavors from the heat from the cumin and curry flavors to the cooling yogurt that is sparingly placed on top.We ordered the Tandoori Grill Mix which served up Chicken and Kofta; and also a Sag Gosht, which was a tinge above mild on the spice level and we enjoyed it.Ask for some chai to wash down everything and you will end up satisfied and warm from all of the workings of well executed spice.The decor is something very lacking and I was a bit taken away by the prices in comparison to the other restaurants in the area.
I popped in for lunch the other day and enjoyed the $9.99 all you can eat buffet.  The food was very good, but the selection was limited.  Ordering off the menu is the better way to go.  This was the second time I've eaten there, the first was over 10 years ago!  I'm glad I went back, but a little advice, go for dinner and order off the menu.  The buffet, while good, cheap and satisfying does not do justice to the food.  But beware, it gets crowded at dinner time so get there early.PS: I agree with Chris M, the decor is a little tired and outdated and could use some freshening up.  When I was first in there some 10 years ago it was vibrant and light, now it sems dingy and dark.
Decor - ew.Smell - yikes but tolerable.Food - awesomeeeeeeeeee.This place isn't much to look at from the outside or the inside.  However, what they lack in decor, they make up for with the food.We went for dinner - ordered the samosa (not worth it - not talkin abt the price, but the amount of room it will take up in your stomach that will stop you from eating the good later).  We had a chicken curry and a chicken tikka with garlic naan on the side.The garlic naan - holy sheenikes is good.  buttery and VERY garlic'd out.  Dip it into the curry and thank me later.The chicken tikka - the chicken itself was a little dry but the meat by the skin is delicious.  Very generous portion.The chicken curry - we had the waiter recommend a spicy one for us - I would have liked more curry and less chicken (there was a LOT of chicken in the curry).  But when I order curry, I usually like a lot of curry so i can dip all the naan in there and spread the curry on my rice, i'm not really looking to eat a lot of chicken (I would just get the tikka).  But i appreciate generous portions so it's not really something to complain about.The indian beers are a must try - very light and smooth (both the little one that I forgot the name for and the Taj Mahal).  All in all, a great meal.Happy eatings, suckers.
Came here for lunch, the decor is very beautiful and the food gives off a very savory scent almost has your mouth drooling before u even get inside -_-Okay first off coke so verry flat, how do u eat indian food whith flat soda...instead we drank water which was even worse.They had also about 8 hot dishes and the ready to make dosa was a plus! They food was a little bland and their wasnt much to  choose from, all in all I doubt i would come here again....
This was such an exciting adventure for me...I am obsessed with the Indian culture and heard do much about this restaurant and couldn't wait to get there...after getting off the BQE I was suddenly transported to India...the streets were a buzz with swarms of people mostly of Indian ethnicity adorned with colorful saris and cool gauzy fabrics billowing in the hot summer wind...I could already smell the curry and masala....as I turned onto the establushments block I found a very narrow street teaming with people and cars...maybe like a small street in Bombay...women with children men gathered having conversation beautiful jewelery and sari shops....I easily found parking...The restaurant looks like a diner with tables and lots of chairs and couch like benches along the wall...maybe it was previously a diner?...super clean....The menu is authentic and the service friendly fast and informative...they provide a pitcher of ice water so you do not have the constant nuisance of being interrupted by poured water or having to ask....OK OK the food? Indian orgasmic!!! We started with samosas that were light crunchy and delish and wings that were just that right amount of fire! I had the lamb masala my guest vindaloo with lamb we both ordered mild and it had just the right amount of kick...the chicken biryani was delectable and I had the Indian ice cream for dessert yum..The experience was my Bollywood and can't wait to bring others and do it again...oh and there was enough food for lunch the next day
Oh man, how I missed you Jackson Diner! Since leaving NY I have realized very few places compare to Jackson Diner. It's fresh and authentic. I took my family here for my graduation and everyone loved the food including my gringo dad. So, if you are in Queens you have to eat here.
Not impressed with their food or service. Nothing tasted fresh or delicious to be honest. It doesn't do justice to Indian cuisine considering all the dishes here are not well spiced (over or under most of the time and so oily) freshly made it seems and sit in the buffet for hours. I have not and will not go back to this place again after the first time. The only positive is that the location is good since its in middle of the jackson heights Indian area market and the price is low for buffet.
I live nearby and drop by for their lunch buffet maybe 3 or 4  times a month.It's reasonable at $9.99 but I do not think it is right that they jack up their prices on the weekends.  The food they have for the buffet is tastey, but there is such a limited selection.Recently some other Indian lunch buffets have opened near the Jackson Diner - I think they are all better.  I would recommend that a person try one of those for a wider selection.
I can't get over the HUGE space. A restaurant this large in Queens is a rare find. As for the food.. Nothing sucked, but nothing amazed me. Pretty standard. If you're looking for a light dessert, try the cheese balls in honey sauce.
finally got around to trying this place after reading all the reviews. I've only been to a few buffets on 74th but i can still compare em.This place has a great atmosphere and decorations. Staff is very nice and professional.Went for lunch today, thursday. $10Food:Not a big selection like some of the other buffets but what they DO have, they do VERY well. Everything was delicious.i loved the fact that they had a "Dosa" station where they make one right in front of you. According to the sign, it seemed like every day they have something unique (just guessing)Great meats over all . Lamb was a little tough but the chicken was awesome. Loved the chicken tikka masala - it had that campells tomato soup taste ive found at only 1 other place. I prefer it that way though. Deserts:Pretty skimpy on deserts. Only rice pudding, no mango pudding, no galub jamon. Rice pudding was REAL good though.
This place is the best for buffets. They are usually the only reason people come here. During buffet hours, it's almost full. When I first came here, the service and food were splendid. However, in recent visits, the food quality has been getting a lower, and the noise level higher. Food is almost always cold, and they even took away the dosa from the buffet. Still, the food is good, and I plan to come here again.
Jackson Diner doesn't sound like a place to get Indian food, it sounds more like a place where they sling burgers and make breakfast sandwiches.  I went a couple weeks back to sample their buffet, and while tasty, I have mixed feelings about this place.The decor (such as it is) doesn't leave much of an impression.  The space is big, which allows you to sit comfortably and move about without having to dodge people.  The place is definitely kept clean and the rest rooms are well taken care of.The food ranges from "meh" to "awesome", hence my mixed feelings.  The Sag Paneer, Chicken Vindaloo, Samosas, Chili Chicken and Masala Dosa are excellent.  The chicken curry was okay, but I've had better from an old Indian neighbor of mine.  The rice pudding dessert was tasty and on par with what I've had before.What knocked a star off this review was the service.  All the waiters are very gruff, they almost act like they're doing you a favor by serving you.  Only the older gentleman who I believe is the host or manager was nice and cracked a smile.  Service is important to me, and if the older gent had not treated my girlfriend and I well, I would have only given the place two stars.
Who would expect an Indian Restaurant with the name "Jackson Diner". I've been twice now and I'm impressed with the friendly waiter (same man both times) and the food is one of the best that I've had since my last trip to India. The only thing missing on the menu is Tikka Masala - vegetables. looking forward to going here more.
Came here for dinner a little while back. My boyfriend would not stop raving about it since he had grown up around the area and how he used to come here all the time with his family.There's definitely an intense affinity you have with places if you remember them from your childhood, but that does not necessarily mean they're *good. I remember thinking to myself, "uhhh what was the hype all about?" Then again, he probably feels the same way about some of the places I truly love.When I think "diner," growing up in New Jersey, I expect a regular diner. I knew this was an indian food place which was a bit odd to me, but hey, I am willing to try anything once.So it is set up like a diner, maybe a notch nicer than something local. The naan was good, the malai kofta kind of like everything else was a bit bland. Service was impeccable, and my boyfriend even remembered some of the waiters, so that was fun.Overall, of course I had a good time. Am I going to be the 1 suggesting to come back here? No... but relationships are about compromise, I would just order differently next time and look for things more flavorful.
As a child I spent years shopping in Jackson Heights for groceries, food, and the occasional saris along with my parents, and occasionally stopped to eat in a few places. Jackson Diner was never one of them, considering my parents would never go to a place that serves alcohol.But finally I got here with three other friends just in time to reach there for the ending of the lunch buffet. (Well, it was more like I got there and waited for a very long time, but that's another story...)To our dismay it seemed like a lot was empty or near empty, so we just got what ever was left. I grabbed myself a few pieces of naan, some chicken tikka, saag paneer, aloo gobi, and some sort of lamb dish. I think the biggest surprise of those was the aloo gobi. I just fell in love with the sauce, and kept coming back for more to dip my naan in. It was glorious. The other stuff was good, but not as memorable.The servers did ask if we wanted more items, as they were willing to refill the trays despite the buffet ending. We were actually pretty okay with what we had gotten, and paid the guys. I'll come back, and maybe if my mom is okay with the whole bar in the back I'll bring her along too.
I came here hung over one day with a friend of mine. Had the $10.95 buffet and ate like a 600 lb woman. The food was good, and well worth the $10.95, and I had their mango lassi and that but me over the edge. I've definitely had better Indian food, but it was decent enough and I would definitely come again. I didn't need to eat dinner that night because I was so full from the buffet. This place is also good for a large group of people.The service was decent, but what do you expect? It's a freakin' buffet.
This is not INDIAN food. Some vegetables and cheese doesn't make it indian food. The dosa batter is mix of urid dal powder. Thats now how they make dosa batter.  Dosa smells raw powder. Clearly clearly disappointing.
Great lunch buffet. Friendly staff. Went on Saturday before it started to get busy. Food was very good.
Don't let the name fool you -- this is a legit Indian restaurant.I usually come for the lunch buffet, which is only $9 or $10 on weekdays. I've been here for dinner too, and the portions are generous enough for two people to split one main course. All the food is well prepared and flavorful which always has me craving for more.
Consistently. Good. Indian.With the tons of lunch buffets in the neighborhood, its great to have a consistently good staple in Jackson diner.  One note, if you do the potato crepe thing for lunch, it's enough for two. Even though it is all you can, I can only eat so much! :)
Went here for Sunday buffet.Everything was good, but nothing really stood out.  I would like to come here for dinner and see if the quality is a bit better. Nice casual environment where you get to feast on many different dishes.  Would definitely come back for a quick, cheap, lunch if I'm in the neighborhood.
Not bad. Only male servers here, which is fine for a girl who feels like dining alone.
Love this place! One of the best Indian restaurants in NYC! Live in the neighborhood so I get takeout a lot but also go there sometimes too. The food is great and so is the service. Definitely recommend this place!
I'm of the opinion that this place is a good reason to venture to Jackson Heights. Save room in your tummy, though, because there are a multitude of ethnic foods that will tempt you. I've only been for the lunch buffet and have enjoyed it every time. Make sure to get a Dosa (they'll make it right in front of you) and try everything on the buffet. Service is good but sometimes you can wait for a while. Got here en route to a Met's game.
Family brought a smattering of dishes that were enjoyed: papri chaat, samosa chaat, Sada Dosa, Papad, naan, Rasmali, and mango lassi. Nicely seasoned with kick where you do and don't expect it; would consider a return for the more notable lunch buffet.
I came here for the lunch buffet.It's excellent indian food, however, the rushed service and ambiance is a bit of a let down . If you're not from Jackson Heights and you're looking for great indian food ala buffet style I would recommend just going to the smaller / newer / better / Delhi Heights around the corner . It has fewer choices but the quality of the food superior.
With 200+ reviews you should be able to figure out what you are getting here. The dining room is simple and unassuming. The service is adequate but not exceptional. The prices and food are fantastic. You come here to eat, pay, and go home to veg out on the couch.Quick tip: steer clear of the bathrooms. They are scary, compact, and single toilet. Use some hand gel before heading here and hope that the saag doesn't cause any gastrointestinal discomfort while you are there.
I just want to say that I avoid buffets like the plague. Therefore, my review is of what I got on the menu proper.Just like the Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, roman, nor an empire, The Jackson Diner is not a diner - It's an Indian restaurant, and a pretty good one, at that.This place has the best chicken tikka I have ever had - sizzling hot, and fresh. It doesn't even look like the orange, dried out tandoori chicken that you see at most places. It's more like a juicy kebab, and it tastes like the real deal. I also had the saag paneer, and my only complaint was that it wasn't salty enough, which might appeal to you - I love salt. I liked the fact that nothing was too oily, and overall, the presentation is was good. I could sit and eat the garlic naan here all day, except that I would probably get kicked out. I also had samosas, which were top notch, and kheer (rice pudding), which was also excellent.The main gripe I have heard abut Jackson Diner is that it isn't as cheap as it used to be, and there are other good places in the area. All I can say to that is that it is still cheaper than you would get in Manhattan, and a lot less oily too. So if that appeals to you, more power to ya'. One thing I don't like about this place is that it seems to close early, and sometimes the wait staff can be a bit pushy to get you in and out - they also spend a lot of time moving tables around for the buffet.It ain't pretty, but it's still a good place, if your willing to venture into Queens (or if you have the misfortune of living there).
We made the mistake of coming here for a buffet. Buffets are never ever as good as the way the actual food is supposed to be. This place, I'm sure was no exception.To start, we had some chaat and a dosa. The dosa was good, but not crispy enough. The chaat was... meh. We then had several dishes, as one tends to at a buffet. Saag paneer (the best), tandoori chicken and veggies, naan, chili chicken, and goat curry.Everything was OK except for the "chili chicken." I haven't seen something like that at another indian place, so I thought I would give it a try. It was honestly more like the sweet and sour chicken at a bad chinese place than it was like a traditional indian dish. The naan was also rough because they made far too much for their afternoon buffet, so it was just sitting out for probably 3 hours. The goat curry was OK. The tandoori chicken was less dry than most indian buffet tandoori chicken, but it wasn't that great. I know it gets mixed reviews on Yelp, but I thought that it was just the notoriously difficult Yelp audience. I'm sad to say that it wasn't. This place's lunch buffet (like all buffets!!!) should be avoided.
I haven't really found my favorite indian restaurant  in queens yet. I typically base it on the lamb or Goat Vindaloo as i love spicy food. This restaurant wasn't spicy enough even when i said i wanted it spicy. Although they did check up on me and asked if it was spicy enough. I responded and said no and the waiter was kindly enough to bring me chili paste on the said. It still didnt taste the same though.The atmosphere was a little blah and it cost almost the same as Delhi Heights but DH is more modern looking compare to this traditional looking restaurant. PLus did i mention how gorgeous Delhi Heights bathroom is? next time i go there i will def take a picture of the bathroom =]
Cons: stinky clothes, small selectionPros: you can stuff yourself silly for 11 dollars on authentic Indian food
Missing Chicago's beloved Devon Avenue (one of the country's biggest India-towns), we decided to check out Jackson Heights to get some authentic Indian food.  After doing some preliminary research on Yelp, we chose Jackson Diner because it seemed like the most popular and well-regarded spot in the neighborhood.It was almost entirely empty when we came in on a Thursday night around 8:30, and I found the atmosphere to be really lacking. I wasn't expecting it to be upscale or anything, but it felt pretty dingy and I thought it smelled like bad breath inside (but my husband and friend said they didn't notice). The food we ordered (chicken tikka, chicken makhanwala, goat biryani,and yellow dal) was all pretty tasty, but there were more pieces of fat and bone that we would have preferred in all of the meat dishes, especially the biryani. I know this place has a lot of history, but it didn't seem like anything special (anymore, at least).
I went there 3 times . Very good food and environment . I like their all vegetarian dishes and the Partha is so good .
Thanks to Jackson Diner, I have a new favorite Indian dish - baingan bharta.  It's mashed roasted eggplant in curry like spices.  Mixed with basmati rice, this dish is heaven.  I've also tried other dishes here, including goat curry and lamb biryani.  Everything was tasty.  You can't go wrong with Jackson Diner.
All the cab drivers will tell you that Jackson Heights is where they go for their Indian food. I have heard about Jackson Diner since I have moved to Brooklyn. As the transportation to Queens is not too convenient, I have not been able to go until this Memorial long weekend. We had the buffet lunch and the variety was the most I have seen in Indian buffet place. It also offers dosa on demand. It was really good. Be ready to drink lots of water after the meal though. I had to drink two bottles of water to quench the thirst.
I went here for lunch today and found out it was a buffet - $9.50 per person. Everything was pretty good, and they even had samosas! Lots of ample seating.
Parking sucks.  It's in middle of such a busy zone that it took us forever to find a spot to rest our car.  Because of the delay in parking, you get more hungrier for the famous jackson diner indian buffet.  I guess it only helps restaurants when the customer is more desperate for food since everything just tates better when the customer is starving.I've had better nans but they were good for a buffet.  Of course the chicken tikka massala and the goat curry were beautifully done.  Their indian rice pudding and the house sauces were the best part of the buffet.  But I wish they had few more selections.  I wish they trained their staffs to be a little more friendly and responsive.  A note to the owner/manager?  Stop coming to our table and calculating our tax WHILE we are eating....are you KIDDING ME?  How rude is that?  He asked if we would order any sodas.  We didn't want to so he calculated the tax for our bill.  Right after he left, we ordered a soda so he had to redo everything.  That's what you get!!  Sometimes, we want the soda during the middle of the meal too....just RELAX. Never ever calculate our bill in the middle of our meal.  It's super rude...and since you were calculating tax on a paper, you stood in front of our table while eating for good 40 seconds.....you are lucky i'm giving 3 stars.
I absolutely refused to try Jackson Diner because I always thought of it as a tourist trap. I figured the food would be touristy spicy (mild) and generic. I got dragged there by my friend who swore that all his Indian friends love Jackson DIner. The food turned out to be pretty good. I really loved the dosa, it was considered an appetizer but one person could've eaten it as a meal. The potatoes were creamy and the consistency of the dosa was amazing. We tried the spicy wings, which were nothing special (but then again you don't go to an Indian restaurant to eat wings lol). I had the lamb roganjosh, which was ok but way too salty and the meat was pretty dry, maybe because there were no bones to give it that extra flavor. The garlic naan wasn't as fluffy as I liked and seem weighed down by the oil. The waiters were pretty nice and attentive to us. All in all, a pretty satisfying meal.
For someone, who has been sampling their weekend brunch for last seven years, can say with confidence that this pllace is cashing its past glory. quality of buffet is spotty at best, and slipping. This has now become the K-Mart of Indian Buffet. No offence to either.Brunch spread never seems to change (makes recycling leftovers easier?).Most of recent praise must be coming from patrons who do not know what quality Indian food is.On 05/18/2013, when we returned after first helpings, our table was occupied by another family!!!!!!!!!   As we stood there trying to figure out where to sit, the server was outright rude; said we cannot choose a table. Man! There were sqatters on our table. Please offer an alternative!!! [Also, mumbled something about people needlessly blocking the passage].Are they complacent or on their way out? Only time will tell.
I don't understand the big hype. Food here always makes me feel sick afterwards- too heavy. And service is always off. I first went here 10 years ago and it's been deteriorating since. Not impressed.
This review is specifically for their buffet lunch.  I loved the dinner and their buffet lunch was alright.  Buffet availabilities can never compare to just regular dining as there's a limited selection but I must admit, they had a lovely presentation.  My friend and I checked out the offerings at Delhi Heights but they had a limited selection.  When we visited Jackson Diner, they had a samosa section where a cook made you a fresh individual samosa.  I thought it added a nice touch.  Plus, the waiters were charming and very friendly.
Hubby and I came on a Monday for the $10 lunch buffet. We were seated quickly and given our own pitcher of water. The buffet was quite standard, but the fresh made dosa station was awesome - dosas are like huuuge, thin pancakes that have been rolled up and filled with spiced potatoes and veggies. When it's a $10 non-vegetarian (there was chicken and lamb curries) buffet it's hard to lose. :) However, there was also nothing spectacular about the place other than it's reputation.
Rediscovering a place you'd been to before can be a really good or bad experience. After walking in here and screaming, "I've been here before!" I got right to it, ladling a mountain of food onto my plate. (It's better to have a few people give you the "Are you really eating all of that?" look than a few people repeatedly boring holes into your back as you make multiple trips.)But now that I think about how much I really ate, I did both. Multiple trips, multiple plates filled with mountains (maybe molehills, actually) of food. For $11 bucks all you can eat, I ate a lot, so much so that I couldn't do a lot after...The sign of a good meal!
I am giving this restaurant one star, not because of bad food, but because of their slow delivery and service time.  This is my go to restaurant for good indian food.  They are never fully packed IN the restaurant.  But every time I go to dine in, it takes foooooorever to get our food.  It's so ridiculous to wait an hour + to get our food, especially in New York City.  So I thought maybe ordering delivery would be faster.  WRONG!!!!  It took them hour + again for the delivery.  The worst was not telling me it was going to take more than an hour.  When I called to check on my delivery, the host simply said we'll let you know it'll take an hour the next time.  It's sad I'll have to give up this restaurant which is only 5 minutes away from me.  But fortunately there are a lot more Indian restaurants in my hood and I'm sure it won't take an hour to make the food. Get it together Jackson Diner, it's new york city!
I went to their Sunday buffet. It was mostly horrible. Keeping in mind that buffet food is not as good as ordering from the menu, I am judging their buffet compared to other buffets. The tandoori chicken was without any flavor and tasted vaguely rancid, the sheesh kabob pieces were dried out and tasteless, the goat dish was very generic, the chickpeas and pattis chaat was also tasteless. But the fish dish had some zest to it through a generous use of coriander powder .I just moved to Queens and have been systematically trying out the Indian/Pakistani/Bangladeshi restaurants in Jackson Heights. I can definitely say that the food at Jackson Diner has been the worst. I cook Indian food at home on an almost daily basis, so I know what good Indian food is. I am amazed by all the reviewers here who rave about the food at Jackson Diner. This is how very mediocre restaurants manage to survive, I guess.
3.5 stars (lost some points for poor waiter service) The decor and layout is sparse. As Alyce C. says it does feel like a canteen. We came on a Friday evening fairly late and I was surprised to hear the kitchen closes at 10.30pm. What? I thought ethic restaurants enjoyed the late night scene...Anyway, the late hour caused our waiter to lose his cool (did he have any in the first place?) That meant he forgot our mango lassi and he forgot one of our dishes too. But that was not so bad considering our tandoori combo plate took some effort to polish off. The lamb curry was pretty good and not so spicy.It was nice to see dosa on the menu...the vegetarian crepe stuffed with spiced potato. The friendly table next to us had that as a late night snack. Delicious! Getting hungry just writing this!Not sure how the buffet is. Normally I shy away from such places cause it's usually not as good as the a la carte menu.
Overrated.Overpriced.Overhiked.The indian food was good, the portions were big enough that we had 4 people ordering 4 dishes and 3 naans, and it was way too much food we had to pack some of it to go.If I lived in the area perhaps I would go to grab a quick bite and share with my boyfriend, but I definitely wouldn't gather a bunch of my Jersey friends and try to drag them all the way out to Queens to pay for overpriced, although delicious, Indian.  I can get that in Manhattan.
My girls and I met up for lunch yesterday and we decided on this place, we all love Indian food and was very hungry so a $9.99 Lunch Buffet sounded like just the right fit for a quick, cheap meal fix. The place was quite big and spacious, the buffet looked pretty good too. We quickly grabbed some plates and started filling them up with everything there. (usually something I do at buffets because this way I try every thing there)The buffet had a variety of meat and vegetarian dishes. There was the very dry tandoori chicken, (not my favorite), there was chicken makhani or butter chicken which I enjoyed very much, not because its one of my favorite Indian dishes but because it was made with just the right amount of spices. Not too much and not too little. So, a thumbs up for the chicken makhani, then there was goat curry but I dont eat goat so I didn't touch it, however my friend went back for seconds for that thing so if you like goat, you may like it. Then there was chicken curry, I really liked this dish from the buffet, next was the saag paneer or the spinach with cheese (another one of my favorite indian dishes) and I devoured it :) There was a mix vegetable dish wih potatoes, cauliflower and tomatoes, I really liked eating that with white rice it was delicious. There were these fried pakoras which I didnt try, and some chickpea dish which I also didnt try just because it looked sad and not very appetizing to me. There was naan bread and white rice and for dessert there was kheer or rice pudding and I have no complaints about it cus it tasted great,Now that we are done talking about the food lets talk about the service and my over experience, do not go in there expecting great service because you WILL be disappointed, our waiter seemed to be in a rush to get us out of there, did not once ask if we wanted to order drinks and stood there while we paid the bill to see if we were tipping him or not. So, not impressed with the service but hey, its a buffet and its cheap and the food is mediocre so it doesnt really matter much.
The chicken pakoras are great. We got the tabdoori platter and we loved it. Their garlic naan is to die for!! Highly recommend this place!
Went here for brunch today, which was a buffet, so can't say I was wowed by service.  The food though - amazing.  Some of the best Indian food I've ever had.  Only point of contingency: Wish there were more curry and chicken options.  There was one chicken option, which was hella spicy (great if you like spicy - I like mild to medium) and one curry option.  That being said, what was there was ALL amazing.  Didn't try one thing I didn't absolutely love.Got a drinky too: a Bombay Dream.  A big, creamy pink drink with rum and all other kinds of deliciousness, and my partner got a mango margarita, which was also perfect.  So safe to say the cocktail selection is pretty solid.I will definitely be going here again so see if they vary their options from week to week at brunch, and maybe for a proper dinner.  If you're in the area, Jackson Heights has some of the best ethnic food in all of New York, and I look forward to trying more restaurants in the area.  Jackson Diner alone is definitely worth a trek!
The Lunch buffet was mediocre cost 10.95 and  Mango Lassi cost $ 5.00. Yes you heard me right 5 DOLLARS!!!!!! I thought it was outrageous! i don't recommend this place at all!!!!!
This was my first time eating at Jackson Diner.  Indian food is my favorite food and just never got around to this place till this weekend.  My favorite restaurant closed over a year ago and havent found a place as good as the one I would go.  The food was just as great as the other place so I am so happy I finally came here.
Since I started Yelping, I've been waiting to write this review, but I was really on the fence about how many stars. 3.5? I ended up rounding down based on my dinner the other night.Why? Their spicing has become *really* inconsistent when you order off the menu and NONexistent if you have buffet. I like and can tolerate a reasonable level of spicy, so I always ask for medium anywhere I go. At Jackson Diner, that medium is wildly unpredictable. Sometimes it's spicy, sometimes not. It generally errs toward the side of being *too* mild, as well. I don't like that. If I ask for medium spice, I don't want a dumbed down dish. I am not talking about different dishes either, because I'm boring and always order more or less the same thing. (sag paneer, chicken tikka masala, malai kofta)It almost makes me feel racially profiled. Like when I automatically get a fork at dim sum, which I absolutely LOATHE. (Don't judge a book by it's pale, whitey cover! My mom's side of the fam is canto from HK, fyi!)I appreciate that they now get a large non-Indian crowd (yours truly included) and thus try to accommodate the western palate. However, they need to at least be consistent. At least if the medium were always mild, I would feel safe ordering hot. I don't want to be *that* girl. You know, the white girl who orders hot and then has to do the send-back of shame...Still, the food is yummy.Other issues. They're just not as good as the competition anymore. The buffet can actually be borderline bad if you come on an off/slow day, which is not the case elsewhere. The buffet selection is a bit sad considering the size and turnover of the establishment. Smaller places up and down the block have better choice. Jackson Diner doesn't even have the depth of menu that others do. If you ask me, cash only is pesky in this day and age of ubiquitous card swiping. And speaking of cash, their prices are a little higher and their food really isn't any better. In fact, I prefer the food elsewhere. Delhi Palace!The ambiance isn't really my thing either. It's not awful, but it's just not really welcoming or personal. The room is huge and bare. Weird ceiling installations. More like a museum cafeteria than anything. Another pet peeve is those little numbers on each table. Makes you feel like that's all you are to them... a number. That being said, service is ok.So, what do I like about them after all my griping? The food is high-quality and good, the prices are reasonable. The only reason I ever choose them over Delhi Palace is that they allow you to substitute naan for rice free of charge.In conclusion, if you're a foodie trekking from yonder for the "experience" or a newbie to Indian cuisine, Jackson Diner might do you just fine. If you want a slightly more peppery meal or are a JH local looking for a go-to, keep it moving for a few more doors and you'll be happier.
I come here on Sunday for their all you can eat buffet! The food is very well prepared and the endless helping of curry goat & chicken makes you want to loosen your belt just to stuff more food.Try not to load up on naan and rice, although the food just doesn't taste as good without them.
Do not go here! The service is poor, the waiters are rude and the selection of food below average. Also, they seem to be very stingy with their dosas. We ate during the 1:00 lunch hour and the waiter's sole goal seemed to be to get us out of there as fast a possible. He gave us our bill before we were even done and kept looking at us until we left. This place used to be good but its certainly gone downhill. Overall it was a horrible experience and will never being going back.
I have had better Indian food in rural Virginia.  Jackson Diner cannot be the gem of the Jackson Heights culinary community... the lunch buffet was mediocre all around.  The food was not hot enough (in either sense of the word) and the flavors seemed... off...  also, I found the space to be cafeteria-like, not cozy or inviting at all.
I came for dinner (never do buffets!) and was very impressed compared to neighboring restaurants ..for one, I didn't have to pay for the rice, which was actually very tasty on its own .. I know it doesn't seem like a big deal, but I was surprised by how much I was given ..secondly, every time I order a mango lassi at any establishment, they serve it in a measly little (12 oz) cup .. this place offered the mango lassi in a proper 16 oz cup .. and it was yummy!I had the chicken korma and baingan bharta, both were aromatic and delicious ..Others have recommended Delhi Heights, which was also good until I came across a pubic hair in my food .. fortunately JD is across the street .. and avoid buffets if you want quality food!
I went to Jackson Diner two days ago. The food was plentiful and delicious!!!! We ordered Murg Korma (cashew curry chicken), Murg Lajwab (chicken with tomatoes, ginger and cilantro) and lacha paratha bread.The restaurant is big with a lot of seating, the service was great, and I loved the water pitcher on the table (we were thirsty, lol)If you're around that area check it out, get your eyebrows threaded and a henna like I did ; )
The food here is pretty solid, especially the soups and the mango lassi. Pretty good vegetarian options.
The Kasmiri Kebab is excellent. The chaat is really good and the Lamb Roganjosh is succulent. My only complaint about Jackson Diner is the service. They really need to step it up or hire a customer service coach for their waiters.
I came to this one of the most popular Indian restaurants in Jackson heights for the lunch buffet on a Saturday afternoon. The food may have been good, but I couldn't find anything remarkably good. The good thing here is that they have a table which makes fresh dosa for you(included in the buffet). The service was really quick and all the staffs here were quite attentive. Now I think the biggest minus here maybe the ambiance. A bit gloomy and far from comfortable decor(sorry). At least i can say this is not the best place to come with your date...
I can only speak to take out since we didn't eat in the restaurant, but we had a good experience. We phoned in an order and the person I spoke to was both friendly and honest (telling us that our entrees came with everything I was ordering separately, rather than giving us extra and charging us). Pick up was easy and friendly, too.The food  was decent- certainly not the best Indian food I've ever had, but delicious and a good value.
Never thought this place served Indian dishes until I looked at the menu.  I had the Dal Makhani with rice.  So far I can say this is the best Dal I have had in comparison to all the Indian restaurants in Queens including the few eateries on Queens Blvd.  The Dal was spicy and were generous with the usage of heavy cream in the dish.  The mango chutney and green chutney went great with the fresh Roti naan.  I give this place one less star since they charge you extra for a second plate of rice, $3.95 to be exact!  I mean you can get a 5 Lb bag of Indian basmati rice for that price.     I've eaten in various Indian eateries were they offer unlimited refills on the rice with your dish.
This is good if your're craving satisfying Indian food, and you're in Queens. For Syracusans this is where the Samrat Restaurant folks were taught.
1.5 stars.  Wouldn't go back.I am Indian and have eaten at many, many Indian restaurants.  Not that everything was so terrible, but I have never had a worse Indian buffet in my life.+ Decent variety- Poor service- Poor food- Some foods obviously not fresh- Poor setup leads to crowding around the buffet table
Decided to go back here for old times sake. It was a great place when my family used to go here years ago. But today I have to say the quality of this place has gone down. The food which we asked them to make spicy was bland. The service wasn't all that great either. Sadly this is the end of the road for us with Jackson Diner.
Being a North Indian, I believe I can do justice to a Review on an Indian eatery. We ordered from the Menu and Food was Alright... not extremely great! (considering the fact that you're eating in Jackson Heights and you've loads of South Asian restaurants and hence the Obvious High Expectations).Back to the review..  Chat Papri was an OK.Butter Chicken was Good.Khadai Paneer  -  no good (Paneer was not soft and the taste was ...very OK)Kingfisher was great..as usual.. he he heWhat I DID NOT like the most was the interior and seating and atmosphere. Very open setting and they had Table Numbers raised o all tables...Duh!!Service was good though! Might go again, but with options like Buffet at Indian Taj and some nice eateries on Bengali st...not too sure.
Pretty good food. Probably my favorite Indian Cuisine in Jackson Heights. The best on the menu? They make such fantastic Dosa that you'd swear your standing at a street vendor somewhere on the Sub-continent. Yum!
Went here for lunch buffet first time in a few years the other day, but the food wasn't good at all.  It was really disappointing.  Curry was somewhat watered down and with not that much flavor.  Tandoori chicken didn't taste very fresh.  Bread and the rice pudding were the best part of the meal.  I don't think I'll come back here again.  Also, the men's room is dirty and small.  It looks like they haven't deck brush the men's room floor in a few years at least.  Dirty bathroom in a restaurant is always a turn off for me.
Jackson Diner is my new favorite indian restaurant.  The food is awesome, the service is fast and courteous, and when you ask for something to be made "spicy" they make it right.  Be prepared for large portions... I had the Samosa Chat appetizer and it was almost large enough to be a meal.  I only got a few bites of sag paneer in after that, which was awesome and also reheated well as leftovers.  They even give you a generous volume of lassi, which is not common in NYC.I will definitely be back to Jackson Diner again.
I've been going here for years because I like the food. I'd like to give it a higher rating, but the cleanliness is not consistent.
this place used to rock 10 years ago. I went to the buffet recently this year and I am never coming back. I think they have different cooks now. The gravies they used to make were so profound and rich with spice and seasoning . now it is watered down and bland.
In all the guidebooks, it says this place is the place to go to.  It's a great introduction to the neighborhood.  I recommend stopping here first and then launching out for a few hours of window shopping or serious shopping.  The food was all good. I had the buffet, so I got a taste of everything.  I like that they left the pitcher of water on the table.
I just went for dinner earlier tonight...I hadn't been for about 5 years.  It's still great, despite all the naysayers.  This food is so much better than the Indian food I find in Brooklyn.   it is totally worth the trip to Jackson Heights.  Delicious!
Not the best quality, but the lunch buffet was tasty and cheap.
This is a great place to have dinner with some friends or a loved one. The food is really good; the kebabs, lamb, chicken and breads. The prices are like any other diner, but you wont complain. The place has a lot of seating, interesting decor and very good service. The waiter even recommended food for my friend, who was having Indian food for the first time,  and it was good! The only downside about the place is that there is this funky odor in the restaurant and that the bathroom is small,but they are not an issue because the aroma of the food is distracts your nose and provides you with the urge to eat.
I went to Jackson Diner yesterday, the place dont have anything GREAT, I choose the BUFFET ($9,95). Well, really good food, all you can eat, good price! I think that's a perfect combination hahaha. Go to meet this place and the area nearby, lot of indian stores and indian people, is really interesting, i enjoyed a lot. After Jackson Dinner go to DERA SWEETS, and try some indian sweets, some of them are really good.
When I lived in NY, I took my parents to Jackson Diner and they ordered the fish tikka (under the tandoori section).  It was so good that for years I kept remembering it as the best fish tikka I ever had.   This place is my must-visit stop for Indian food when I go to NY.  I try to go on Sundays and get the buffet and order the fish tikka/lamb lahori combo off the menu.  The lamb chops are melt in your mouth tender and absolutely to die for.  This was the verdict of every foodie at the table.  The fish is salmon grilled to perfection.   The naan is disappointing, not crisp and buttery, and I can't believe these people don't have tandoori roti but hey, for a $10.95 buffet, you can have yummy goat curry,  butter chicken and standout tandoori veggies (the broccoli and the onion is amazing), plus made-to-order masala dosa and chaat if you want it.  There's so much selection that you are bound to find something you like.  Yes, the buffet food isn't very spicy, and some of the dishes aren't that good (I found the tandoori chicken lacking in taste),  but order a big jug of mango pickle if you like and burn the hell out of your taste-buds and your stomach lining if you want.  Super hot spicy food is over-rated and is frankly an easy way to disguise bad cooking.  This food is well-seasoned. As for service, our waiter was courteous and pleasant.   Staff replenished the buffet trays quickly and the masala dosa man at the buffet brought our dosas to our table when they were ready without being asked to do so.  I think you have to accept some level of sullenness from waiters in Indian and Chinese restaurants but I was pleasantly surprised by the staff here.  No, they don't smile, but we got everything we asked for right away, including extra napkins, extra plates, etc.  Yes, the decor is modern, but why should every Indian restaurant look the same?  It can get loud and it's quite casual so go with friends or go alone but don't go looking for romance.  Unless you want to fall in love with lamb lahori.
Huge cavernous dining area with exposed vents. It didn't fit in with the rest of the Indian restaurants in this area that I like to call "Little India". My friends just moved to a place in Woodhaven, so we piled into the car to get Indian and roam around with visiting friends! The Samosas were GIANT. The size of my fist (and I have pretty big hands). After two of those on my own, I was ready to throw in the towel. But no wait - here's the rest of our meal!Mango Lassi was absolutely delightful. The naan really WAS beautiful. I wanted to eat the entire basket myself. And almost succeeded except everyone else wanted some! Tandoori chicken was a bit dry. But my absolute favorite dish of the night (besides the Naan) was their Kadai Gosht (lamb). Oh wow. Soooooooooo good. And yes - we ordered only 3 entrees for the 5 of us (plus the Samosa appetizers and orders of naan), and we had plenty of leftovers.And I absolutely love the trio of sauces they bring to every table.Service was lacking - we also waited 1/2 an hour for our check at the end of the meal. Our requests for additional napkins went unfulfilled, so we were getting up to help ourselves at one point.But the food really was good, if overpriced for the neighborhood (dude, we were in Queens!).Solid three stars!
I like visiting Jackson Diner every time I'm in town, very good Indian food with good service at an affordable price.
I think I was unfair to JD. Indian food can be really hit-or-miss wherever you go, and I recently had a great meal at Jackson Diner. Service is always great, and the atmosphere is nice. Definitely check 'em out.
Food was average. I was not satisfied as I was aspected. Buffet is not bad if u r in rush though...
Really a 3.5.  The buffet was good - hot and fresh.  The dosas made to order were really good, but not Thiru good.  The lassi was thick and delicious. Finally an Indian restaurant that outsources water by the giant jug.  This, however should have been a sign about the spices.  I have an Indian food corollary - the more spicy the food, the less access to liquids.  The spiciest restaurants give thimble sized cups and Jackson Diner's cups were large and water plentiful.  The food was seasoned, but not spiced and I missed that.  But, there's something bizarre about the decor.  It's a little...modernist.  Something was just off and it felt a bit like a modern cafeteria. Bottom line: good, hot (temperature), fresh food served in an AYCE setting.  I'd be back, but keep your expectations in check.
I have been mooching off of other Yelpers for so long that I decided I should now contribute so others may benefit. My first review will be for my beloved Jackson Diner. I remember this place when it was in a much much smaller setting down the street next to the bus stand near Indian Sari Palace (that should tell you how long my family has been eating there!).  My 5-star rating is not out of nostalgia but for the love of the food and the nice mature 'uncle'* who mans the phones. I have had their buffet a few times and twice a month we get take out from here.  Their buffet is okay and the only thing I love from there is the chaat, nan, and dosa. Other buffet items are alright but I much prefer the a la carte options.The following are our regular take-out items and they never fail: paneer pasanda, navratna korma, sarson ka saag, nan, and garlic nan. Each vegetable dish comes with rice, black lentil soup and raita.  I am in love with that paneer pasanda gravy. Since I am not a fan of paneer, the Hubby eats the paneer and I soak up the delicious gravy with nan or rice. I wish they just sold the gravy! Yes it is that good.As a vegetarian I cannot attest for the meat dishes but if they are anything like the vegetarian entrees we order I assume you will be golden.* Note: Indian people sometimes call older people they don't know aunty or uncle. I have gotten used to thinking of the person who takes my order as 'Unlce'. He is a nice older gentle man who is very efficient. Maybe I should get to know his name.  I mean I have only been going to Jackson Diner since the early 1990s.
Okay place, nothing super exciting that stands out.  $10.95 for lunch buffet was a bit pricey for the selection and taste.
Came for the lunch buffet. It was delicious, and quite affordable. The chicken makhani and goat curry were my favorites. The naan was fresh and hot. The rice pudding was excellent. This was definitely a big hit.
Meh...had lunch buffet here, but it was nothing memorable. The buffet had a decent variety of mediocre veg and nonveg cuisine. I decided to bump up the review from two stars to three because it included a chaat/dosa spread. But quality wise I think I could have done better at some of the other options in this area.
It's okay for what it is. Went here a few times. Ordered mostly from the menu, and once from the buffet. At least it's not cramped inside. The waiters have always been nice.
This was my first Indian food experience and I loved it.  I have yet to find a place in Boston that compares to that first meal.  My youngest sister and I were visit our other sister in Astoria over 4th of July weekend and had planned to eat here all along.  We had a fun day of touring the Tenement Museum in the Lower East Side and this trip to Jackson Heights after was a perfect compliment.  Being the newbie I just sat back and let my sisters order.  I think we made a good decision to order 3 different entrees and then split them family dinner style.  And of course we had the garlic naan.  The food was delicious and the service was great.  It was a great trip and I would go back.
the best indian buffet in this part of queens. big place, clean, every portion of food was delicious. soda was crap tho, fake bar out the gun drink. the chili chicken was my favorite.
I eat here 3 times a week! The Tandori chicken is some of the best I have had and the buffet on the weekend is pretty awesome!
This place is an Indian Restaurant believe it or not. The food here is good and you can eat a meal for 2 for about $40. With beers mind you. Overall a good value if your in the area and have an urge for some good Indian food.
Oh, Jackson Diner. You wear so many different costumes I never know what to think. At lunch you're a steam-table buffet. A good one, where there's some delicious chaat, and wonderful specials (OMG GOA FISH CURRY!), but still a tourist-trap-y kind of vibe that makes me think you're worth 3 stars.But then, I'll come for dinner. And have a huge bottle of kingfisher waiting for my lamb vindaloo. And when it burns so good (yes, I know what REAL indian spicy is even though I'm a white person), I know you're so much more than your lunchtime facade . . . . good value at lunch, good food at dinner, but there's a WHOLE LOT of competition in the area! 3 stars for lunch, but I'll give it a 4th just for the level of spice they're willing to dish out to somebody as pasty and sun-deprived as myself.
I really just want to give this place NO STARS.  The service is horrible and the food is way overpriced not to mention scanty. The place looks dirty and I am NEVER going back there again.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
I stopped in for a late lunch with a friend after an afternoon of shopping in Jackson Heights. She tried the buffet while I ordered off the menu (mostly because I was craving samosa and they didn't offer them at the buffet). The place was crowded which is always a positive sign for restaurants. We only got vegetarian dishes and loved all of it--nothing was too spicy so that we could actually enjoy the other spices and flavors. As an avid fan of galub jamun, I had to order it but somewhat resented it because they were small and rubbery instead of soft and fluffy.
Great food. I couldn't believe we paid so $12 for a buffet that was so good and so fresh. I would have thought that w/ all the tourists coming through, the spice and flavour of the food would be toned down, but no!! We had excellent service from very attentive servers. Place is low frills and is indeed almost cafeteria style. But I couldn't get a loaded mango lassi (lassi w/ rum) in my high school cafeteria. Definitely worth the hike from the city to come and enjoy.
Jackson Diner is considered  one of the Best Indian restaurants in the area. Everytime I go here the food is delicious. Their mint chutney is poppin. Samosa Chat is great. I had the Daal Mahkani this time. But this place is always a fav. I usually order from the menu and havent tried the buffet and stick to the vegetarian items. Food is great, the decor is so so tho. But Im in it for the food. Highly recommended.
Went for the Sunday buffet, and it was good.  But I wasn't impressed with it -- and that might be because buffet food sits there for a bit.  Even though they have a ton of volume there and the food turns over quickly, it's not freshly made to order.That said, the dosas were light and airy.  The other main dishes were yummy and I left with a very, very full belly.
It was my first time tasting Indian cuisine it was very good! All you can eat buffet style sittings
Im gonna start raging........took my date to this establishment expecting decent Indian food......took one bit of the chicken curry and was finished.........i dont get all the hype.....im indian and its a shame i had to pay for such bad curry but i did to keep face and one star only because of the service and wont be going back ever................
One of the best indian food in Jackson Heights! I had both the lamb and chicken curry and they were both excellent. Other yelpers complained about the cleanliness but I never gotten sick eating here.
Have been here for both the lunchtime buffet and dinner.  My favorite part of the buffet is the dhosa, which is made fresh right in front of your eyes.  Light and crispy, the dhosa wrap is made to perfection, with just the right touch of crunchiness and softness.  The filling is also the right amount of spice, with the option of dipping it into the curry soupy sauce.  Other items on the buffet are good as well, but sometimes the salad leaves could stand to be a little more fresh and  depending on the time of day, the food may not be as warm as desired.  Expect to put down $15 (after tax and tip/person no drink).Dinnertime portions seemed small in comparison to other Indian places, but the food was tasty and good.  Obviously, nothing was left over.  However, for this price, I think there are other options out there which can deliver equally good service and more food, especially in this part of Queens.
Solid Indian fair, in a vibrant neighborhood....the real question better than Haandi?....I think not.
When ever the craving for Indian Food hits me Jackson Diner is the first place that comes to mind. Located a quick two blocks off Roosevelt Ave it's one of the best Indian spots to chow in town. As you walk in the aromas of the spices draw you in. The staff is very courteous and helpful. As for the food the portions they are plentiful, hell even some of the appetizers can be filling. Additionally the prices won't break the bank. The only down side to this place is the cash only policy. I've yet to try the lunch buffet but I hear that its amazing. Take my advice you won't be disappointed.
Staple Indian food, does not disappoint. Could be cleaner, but eh I've never been sick.
I see the reviews are somewhat mixed for Jackson Diner.  I'm going to go with...5 stars!  I will be among those that claim this is the best Indian food they've had.  If you can find better, please take me there with you!  I love the buffet here.  There was a time when I felt my Sunday wasn't complete without stopping by.  (So no, I haven't been outside of buffet times, but I'm a grad student.  i can't afford that!)  The buffet line-up has a little of everything as far as I can tell, and it's only $11.  Tandoori chicken, naan, jasmine rice, chicken vindaloo, masala dosa, etc. etc.  I honestly don't know what the yellow curry is, but I know that I eat enough to turn my nails yellow from putting my naan in it.  Over-share?  I'm not sure.And yes, I agree with other reviewers that the staff is often sullen - at least during buffet times.  But they're only there to take my mango lassi order anyway.  I can handle the buffet on my own.  And yes, the ambiance is definitely odd.  But I give them creativity points for painting stripes on the ceiling pipes.
The food is much, much better than the atmosphere or cleanliness.  The samosas are large and well spiced, the entrees are generously portioned and well seasoned.  Even something like tandoori shrimp, six enormous shrimp, has a great spicy taste and is cooked to perfection.  And the naan is fantastic.But....the floor and tables never look very clean.  And the bathrooms are disgusting.  Always toilet paper, tampons overflowing from the trash cans inside the stalls and used paper towels all around the bin by the sink.  This weekend, midway through my meal I visited the ladies room and there was no toilet paper in either stall, or paper towels in the dispenser.  When I told the waiter, he said, "Oh, do you want those now?"  Um, yes, please.
I like Jackson Diner, I like how they make the food here.  It's not as "gourmet" as Delhi Heights (which I love) but it's still really good.  I love their mango lassis but I wish they would be a little creamier.  I like the servers and I think it is a little expensive but it is a buffet so i should just enjoy it.
"Meh." Double "meh." Jackson Diner is down at the ass-level of my list of J-Heights Indian Restaurants. It lives down by the taint of said list, actually. The ingredients just don't cut it for me. everything tastes mushy and the masalas they use to flavor the food are kind of all the same. There's never a flavor/rasa that jumps out at me. Let's call it the McJackson Donalds. Try these places instead:Delhi HeightsDelhi PalaceRaj Bhajong (spelling?)
Probably the best Indian food in Queens, great food at a great price.  All you can eat buffet style.  If you are looking for excellent service, this is not the place for you, but since it is buffet style the poor service is tolerable.Don't be fool by the name, the Indian food is delicious.
WOWZA! My husband and I love the food here and especially the dessert.  Yes it is true I have had better indian food but this one is a good one too.
Yum yum get in my belly!  Good place stayed consistent over many years, indian taj is next door and good too.
Well, the locals recommended it, otherwise how would I know what random Indian restaurant to eat at in this part of Jackson Heights? I ordered chicken curry because I am Tame and Unadventurous. Anyway, it was much heavier than I expected (to be fair, who knows what I was "expecting"?). Good spiciness, depth, and flavor -- even though I think they went easy on me despite the fact that I requested "spicy" and not "mild." There were a few sparse pieces of chicken and it was a decent portion. But the real star was the naan and the samosas that I ordered. Curried potatoes and peas wrapped in dough and fried? Yes, please. And that mint chutney thing? Cilantro, mint, and basil = all of my favorite things. Can't really go wrong with fresh naan and this place hit the spot. All in all, I had a good time, and will probably be back for the buffet. As I like to say: quantity over quality at that point.
I heard about Jackson Diner on New York 1 or WNYE or something.  I was disappointed when we went for dinner that they don't serve the buffet for dinner.  So we walked down the street to Indian Taj instead.Sorry, Jackson Diner, you will get a review when I eat lunch there!
Yummy buffet! I enjoyed everything! Friendly staff.
Came here with a few friends for lunch. It was my 1st time trying indian food. We originally wanted to order from the menu but then thought the buffet was better of a deal, only $9.95 each and could try several dishes instead of ordering just 1 dish for each person.  So the selection wasn't really a lot, prob 8 dishes on 1 side and then a few salad/vege section across from it.  They also had a guy making dosa on the spot so that was cool.  Their food was delicious. The curry was fantastic just because I can't handle spicy food but theirs was mild enough for me to enjoy!!   I def. would come here again but I would also try other places nearby b/c there are a few more indian restaurants on the same block.
Revisited this place unfortunately...  have to say my opinion is still unchanged, but this time I wanted to rant about how GODAWFUL the waitstaff is.  My BF and I were in there for dinner on a weekday night (no buffet) and it was an unbelievable CHORE to get someone's attention to place our order.  There was a group of at least 5 waiters hanging around chatting, and I felt like when I was (POLITELY, EVEN!) trying to flag one down, they outright ignored me.The food was the same.  Perfectly bland.  As the last few times, I ordered it Extra Spicy and they did not deliver on even Remotely Spicy.  It wasn't bad, exactly, just not good.  Meh.When we were finished, we encountered the same laziness and attitude with the waitstaff in procuring our bill.  Screw this place.  This BS made me REALLY REALLY miss Ashoka (which closed shortly after I moved into the neighborhood over a year ago! :( :( :( )  Ashoka had a solid buffet and the waitstaff were very attentive and pleasant.  Don't believe the hype.
The food here is good. I love Indian food, and this is some of the best I've had. That being said, the service isn't so great. The waitstaff is fairly inattentive and rather sullen. Still, they have an excellent saag paneer, and the mango lassi is good- not artificial-tasting, and not too sweet. The only food-related complaint I would have is that our samosas were overcooked and a little bland. The yummy sauces and relishes, however, made the latter defect pretty insignificant.The best value there, by far, is the large all-you-can-eat buffet that runs until 4 PM, at 10-11 bucks during the week and 11-12 bucks on the weekends. I don't understand why anyone would go there for dinner; it's too expensive, as we found out the first time we went (dinner also means more interaction with the sometimes unreliable waitstaff, several of whom do not seem to speak English very well). The buffet has the typical line-up: naan, some kind of paneer dish, chili chicken, tandoori chicken, goat curry, some kind of aloo dish, a korma, some kind of biryani, a green salad, kheer, relishes, etc. On the weekends, they have a guy up there who makes dosas to order in a large pan, which is rather cool. The overall challenge is not to eat until you feel sick!The "cash only" thing is a little silly and can be an inconvenience if someone has to run to the ATM during dinner, so bring some cash monnayz with you!
As far as Indian Buffets go the one at Jackson Diner is very well known but the food is a little over rated. Most dishes are tasty but a little too saucy. Some times they lack the distinct flavor of individual spices that can make your palate so happy when you eat great Indian food.But the price is always right, there is always an interesting crowd and I love the decor: so dark & modern, it's old fashioned in a 1950s way. It reminds me of some cool old restaurants in Delhi. Maybe that is why people are so loyal to this Queens institution.
This place isn't the best Indian joint in Jackson Heights and it also isn't the cheapest. It is however very consistently good. Whenever someone us undecided or is unfamiliar with Indian food, Jackson Diner is my go to lunch buffet.
I have been going to this place for some time now (read: 6+ years). In recent years, their food has improved. I love their navrattan korma -- it's soo good!Their buffet is pretty good for what you pay. Their service is good enough. And it is definitely good for groups. Note: Medium-spicy -- means SPICY. Note: Cash-ONLY
We came here for dinner and shared the chicken korma and the sag paneer, both very tasty and satisfying. The portions are large -- two dishes are more than enough for two people -- so we took away the leftovers and enjoyed them for lunch the next day. The mango lassis are excellent, so be sure to order one. The restaurant is no-frills, cafeteria-style, but the vibe is surprisingly relaxed, and the lighting pretty dim. Efficient and friendly table service. Definitely a good place to come for a good value, straightforward Indian meal.
I can keep this short. Was eating with friends and enjoyed our meals. Then after we got the check, we saw a mouse run out from under a table near us. The staff just laughed as though it was nothing. So unless you love mice, go somewhere else. Gross!
Little factoid about myself - I lurve hot food.  Not just hot but spicy as heck Indian food.  Came here for dinner not too long ago and got garlic naan for the table, some version of samosa chaat and I had Palak Paneer.  Everything was super duper spicy - just the way I like it.  If you're not a fan of heat, then ask them to turn it down a notch...and probably repeat it a few times because my boyfriend's dad was practically in tears cause his "mild" curry was pretty much as spicy as you can get.  Good place though if you don't want to trek to Curry Hill from the "boonies" aka Queens (represent!!!!).Edit: I forgot to mention I was more than pretty tipsy from their cocktails.
I hadn't been to JD in awhile so, I ventured out to Jackson Heights to meet up with my friend Lisa* for lunch. I will say that I've had positive experiences almost every time I've previously dined here. On occasion the service is a tad slow...but that's okay, because one needs time to digest. I love dining with Lisa because she grew up in the neighborhood and everyone knows her at JD...so it almost feels like we get special treatment, which is indeed cool.I was jonesing for pea and potato samosas and was saddened that they weren't offered on the lunch buffet. (D'oh!) But they did have these wonderful quarter-sized fried dough things (I know, you'd think I could come up with a better description, but that's all I've got). I think they're made of spicy chick pea flour or something. The other items on the buffet were, roasted vegetables,  Paneer Pakora,  Aloo Gobi, a lamb dish, a couple of chicken dishes (sorry, I didn't catch the actual names of the meat dishes.), plus there was also a dosa station**. At $13/person it's a definite bargain that will leave you quite satisfied. Oh, and they are cash only.*I really do have a friend named Lisa. I wasn't trying to be "cute" and write in third person.**They get 4 stars because I was hoping for more vegetarian options on the buffet.
Came here last night with my friends.  It was a quiet Wednesday evening, and there weren't many patrons in Jackson Diner.  The restaurant is spacious and nicely lit with interesting ceiling lamps.  Overall, the decor was clean and refreshing.  I had very high expectations for the food to follow suit but unfortunately, this was not the case.  I had ordered a lentil pancake with a variety of sauces to dip on the side.  In theory, based off the menu description, this seemed like a very unique and delicious selection, but I was underwhelmed with it.  Plating was unappealing.. the pancake was a bit dry and almost tasteless without the dipping sauces.  My friend reminded me that I had had something similar to this once before at her house, and remembered that I loved it then.. I was shocked b/c this dish was unnoticeable in appearance or in flavor.  As for the table, we got a naan basket and a vegetarian chickpea dish all to share.  I love Indian food, but this meal left me wanting.. I was not as satisfied as I would have liked.  The Maasala tea was okay but I'd much rather have preferred chai tea which oddly enough, they do not carry.  I was baffled.  My Indian friend agreed that she had had better saag paneer elsewhere and she was not really jumping for joy at her meal either.  The restaurant further up the block, Indian Taj is a million times better.  If you are on 74th street and want an excellent, authentic, Indian meal with prompt and polite service (in contrast to the waitstaff at Jackson Diner who seemed to have been annoyed with our party of six... when in an almost-empty restaurant, you would think they'd be more than happy to serve us paying customers).. then hop on over to Indian Taj.. they've got amazing food.. their garlic naan is fabulous and on more than one occassion, I have gotten their chicken tikka maasala for take-out.  Prices are about the same at both restaurants but believe me, Indian Taj's food is noticeably much better in more ways than one (quality, taste & presentation).
Delicious and authentic! Lunch buffet a great deal.
Ridiculously good food ruined by worst service I've ever had the displeasure to experience.  Generally, I have extremely low service standards for buffet style cuisine, but their negligence is nearly criminal.Enjoyed a wonderful meal --great curries, tasty freshly made dosa, soft naans stacked high-- until dessert.  While eating rice pudding, taken from the buffet table, found a shard of JAGGED PLASTIC in the pudding.  Luckily did not swallow or cut mouth open on the sharp edges.Confronted store manager and waiter, who replied in an annoyed and disinterested manner, without even looking at us: "OK, so what?  What do you want now?"  The staff seemed utterly perplexed that we were upset, then became angry at us.  Manager then proceeded to throw away the plastic piece nonchalantly.  We were initially offered 1) NO apology, 2) NO reimbursement, 3) NO concern for well-being.  We ended up with 1) a begrudging and altogether unconvincing apology, 2) check waived with displeasure, 3) NO concern for well-being.  We later asked for name and information of the owner.  We were provided with contact details, but when we tried to call no one ever responded.Never going back again.
Sad to report this once-stellar beacon of Indian goodness has gone downhill....lunch buffet is usually the death-knell, had I known I would have chosen another place.  Sizzling baby lamp chops still very very tasty, but a shadow of their former glorious self. Stay away from the crab samosas (a bad idea in the first place, I admit). Ah well, nothing stays the same.
The 2 times I've been there was during the buffet hours. The food was really good, but when it's a buffet it really gets a little sickening, especially since Indian food is very saucy. You can only have enough.The third time I went was during regular dinner. The individual orders were really good. AND OMG you just have to have to try the "Agra Colada" in virgin. It's sooooooooo good!!!I could just have that Agra Colada a thousand times and probably never get sick of it. Overall though, this place is good for Indian food =)
Went here a while ago, not very memorable. My friend came into town and we got the lunch buffet. I would go again but earlier in the day -- hoping for the dishes that were missing in the buffet and for memorable food.
I've been to Jackson Diner a few time over the past few years because I've heard its the best Indian food.  The food is indeed "ok."  It's not bad, but it is definitely NOT worth the hassle of dealing with the people who work there.I don't live in that area so for me to venture all the way out there, I expect to be treated with respect.  A server spilled a bottle of beer down my friends back and all over his nice jacket.  No, apologies.  Just got handed a wet rag.  I don't know if it was a language barrier or what, but no one seemed to care.  They didn't even bring us another bottle of beer to replace the beer that was half empty.  When our order came out, the waiter then tried to say that everything was taken care of to which we were surprised, and thankful.  Then somehow we still got a bill.  Ok, fine.  But my friend at least wanted to be comped enough to cover dry cleaning.  And the waiter was nice enough to tell us we could take $30 off the bill.  Which we felt was fair and in fact we left more than we needed to.  But while he was saying this, the floor manager(I think thats who he was, we have no idea if he was the owner or what) starts yelling at him in another language.  Then he comes over and examines the jacket and gives us a dirty look.As we were leaving he grabbed at my friends arm to continue examining the jacket.  Then he harassed me by yelling at me about the dry cleaning price.  And I could NOT believe that this was happening in front of the entire restaurant.  And of course I yelled back at him.  I felt like I was being attacked for something HIS staff did wrong.  If he didn't like the deal we were given, then he needs to take it up with the waiter working for him.  And he needs to train his staff.I felt that, yes, the beer spilling was an accident. But the way they handled it was just awkward, ruined our entire night and was not worth the time and effort for just an "ok" meal. I would say don't bother going there at all!!!
I ate here today with my girlfriend after looking for good Indian food on yelp. We walked in and were seated immediately. We grabbed some plates and hopped on the buffet line.Everything I tasted was delicious. The naan rocked. I know it sounds odd but even my rice was delicious. I know it's all you can eat but we were only able to put back 2 plates each. Then we had the kheer (rice pudding) AMAZING!!!!!! You will dream about it.I really liked that every table had an ice cold pitcher of water.Next time I will have patience and get a dosa, flag down a waiter and get a mango lassi.I was kind of glad that the waiters weren't hovering around you.
We stopped by the Jackson Diner for  lunch on a Sunday afternoon with family.It had been well over 10 years since I'd visited but nothing much has changed. Everyone opted or the Lunch Buffet which was $10.95/person. Not a bad deal. The offerings were decent.  They had a nice platter of tandori chicken, rice, chili chicken, naan bread, tandori vegetables, aloo gobi, panir saag (sp?), curry goat,  chick peas and a couple of other things that I don't quite remember.the tandori chicken was tasty, slightly charred  at the edges, although I did have a 'hmm, maybe I should become a vegetarian' moment, for which, I blame my wife 100%.  As I was eating a piece of chicken, i happened to look down and I saw a vein just there, sitting limply.  My wife always told me that as a child, that was one of the major contributors to her swearing off of meat. GAAH! Not their fault, if you eat animals, you are going to encounter something like that at some point of your life. You never get prepared for you, you just gotta deal.  Anyway, the chili chicken was kind of sweet, not very spicy.  The curry goat was really good. I never had goat before. I've never avoided it, I just never got around to it. It tastes like lamb, which is A Ok in my book.  There was a yellow curry dish that I tried and...I dunno...that's all.  There was also another chicken dish, maharaj maybe(?) which was spicy which I was really craving, so that hit the spot.The vegetarian dishes i tried were enjoyable as well, my wife cleared a plate in no time and was happy she didn't go a-la carte. They had a guy making dosas to order but he walked away a few times and when he did come back, we were all kind of full so we didn't want to order one. I guess there's always next time.My brother ordered a couple of cocktails. the mango margarita was pretty good and tasted potent. The bombay dream was sort of bleh, it was pink and had light cream so even though there was ice in it, it never got cold. Does that make sense? All in all, the place is solid and for the price, the lunch buffet is a good deal. A solid choice for good Indian food.
This is a nice, clean Indian restaurant with nice paintings and alot of servers that you can call on to ask for something.  They have a pretty decent buffet but nothing amazing.  The greatest thing about this place was the dosa station where someone prepares you a fresh huge dosa which has alot of potatoes inside.  The chile chicken is pretty good too and they have the usual stuff here that most indian buffets serve.  I think they have lamb and goat for the weekends.  Some of the food selections were a little saltier than I liked but overall it was pretty good and the service was great plus the dosas really made my day.  For $9.95 for lunch, this is a good place to eat and I will come back again.
It's a king past his prime.Jackson Diner is the obvious choice for new recruits to the Jackson Heights Indian buffet scene. Everyone's heard of it. It's probably the biggest draw for tourists. The buffet set-up is clearly for the window shoppers, with the food trays against the window and handwritten signs more visible to the passerbys than the people serving themselves the food. There are usually lamps above the steam strays, so if you were on the buffet line, you would have to slouch to see what you are scooping on your plate. As for the food, it's okay. They have a dosa station where they make them fresh in front of you - This is a draw to most people but just isn't my thing. I never liked dosas.
I went here for dinner and it was delicious! The mango lassi was one of the best I've ever had. The waiter was very helpful because I have nut allergies and he gave me a great recommendation. The naan was light and fluffy and the dishes weren't too spicy (just how I like it). The samosas were delicious, as well.
I went in here pregnant with my twins when I couldn't finish my buffet plate of food, the owner yelled at me and said that I wasted twelve dollars of his money. In the past the waiters have harassed us for tips even though the buffet is self serve! Terrible crappy restaurant. Horrible customer service!!!!!!!!
Altho not the best looking restaurant, this place has great food.  Indian food actually tastes Indian for a reasonable price.  Nice and clean with great service too.  I am a Fan.  Thank you I shall come back and keep coming back :)
Ooh I love this place!!!  I am still looking for something comparable in Los Angeles and no one comes even close!!!!Does anyone know of any good indian food in Los Angeles?I wonder if they'll ship?I'll have to fly to NY to gets some!!!!!:(
WOW!  This place is amazing!!  Best Lamb Vindaloo I've ever had.  :)  From top to bottom, this place is just great.  Some reviewers thought the wait staff was rude, maybe so.  I thought they were funny.  I was having trouble pronouncing the name of the soup, so I asked the waiter how to say it and he said: "Soup."  :)  Good humor.  Everyone we dealt with was very pleasant and eager to please.  Heck, maybe they are reading these and trying to be nicer.  Or maybe the dinner wait staff is more well trained.  Either way, the food is worth it.  Just excellent!!
So-so food, great price, crap service. I was visiting a friend who lived a few blocks away so we decided to give it a try. It was good. Not exceptional, not terrible, just good. Would I come back? Maybe. It seems to have become one of those places that have been so hyped up you walk in expecting the sun, the moon and the stars..and all you get is lukearm pre-made naan and mediocre meat dishes.
I ate here like 2 years ago but I didn't find the food that great. I know that a lot of people who visit Jackson Heights to eat Indian food stop by here but I suggest you explore the little diners around the area instead of this fancy place because you will find better food. I tried their dosa and butter chicken. I just remember the dosa was not that good. I lived in India so I know what it should taste like!
There was not a buffet when I went. Disappointing. I thought it was always there, so maybe this is my fault for not doing research....anyway, know that it is not always a buffet. Overall, I thought it was just average, slightly higher priced Indian food. It was all very authentic I'm sure, but not the experience I was looking forward to.
three words...punjab blue diamond! one more word...blurrrrr.
Jackson Diner is living off of an incredible reputation it built in the late 80s and early 90s when it was a tiny place near the corner of 37 ave.Today, it's just one of many tasty, low budget, Indian buffets in the area.  I'll eat it, it's tasty, but it's nothing worth writing home about.
While the food was pretty good the service was a big "EH"  They took our order right away and our food was out to us quickly. I like that. But we finished and sat there for a half hour. I asked for the check twice. Our waiter came to us after i had asked twice and asked if we wanted  the check. GEE I DUNNO, MAYBE!It's also overpriced. I paid $9 for a dosa. Thats just silly.  The food did taste good though but i dont think we'll be back,
came here for dinner and service was soso.  food was ok nothing stellar - was kinda expecting this amazing experience based on all the hype but honestly it was avg indian experience.  no better/worse than little india or curry hill.  not sure what all the hoopla is about.
I came in here for my birthday because I've heard about the buffet and being an pakistani I love indian food . To my surprise the place was full of old people that looked like they belonged at a local bingo game. The waiter showed us to our table and then left us there. We had to literally call him to ask that we would like food and then we were told you have to just walk up and get the food. Food was disgusting something you would get at a homeless shelter it was disgusting and so dry . And to make it even worse one glass of soda caused 2.50 ARE YOU KIDDING ME? bill came up to 89 dollars for 5 people . UTTER AND COMPLETE BULLSHIT FOOD WAS GROSS WAITERS DID NOT GIVE A SHIT ABOUT YOU AND BILL WAS EXCESSIVE DO NOT GO HERE .
One of my favorite Indian buffet restaurant in NY. The food is excellent. I would give it 5 stars, but I don't think it's as good as it was when it first opened.
I took out lunch for 6 . It was all vegetarian. It was all fresh. Daal Makhani amg sarson saag were especially good. Also tandoor roti was fresh and delicious.
I am biased toward this place not because of the. quality of the food (mouth watering dishes from buffet under $11? I'm in!) but how attentive and nice the owner is
Now, I gave this place 5 stars a long time ago, but I have to downgrade it to three and that is being generous. I am being generous only because Jackson Diner has served me well for two years and has a special place in my heart, and their weekend brunch all-you-can-eat buffets are still delicious. I just want to say that I hope tonight's experience was an isolated incident but I want to say that weeknights are not the best times to come here. The food was far from fresh or well made, and the service (though never known for good service) was exceptionally bad. The matar paneer had stale, rubbery paneer; the murg tikka makhanwala didn't have fresh, white meaty pieces of chicken and my pudina paratha was still uncooked, and dripping with oil, GROSS! I had the paratha sent back and canceled from order, but I had to fight for it. The waiter/manager insisted that the way my paratha was presented was the way it was supposed to be but I had to assure him that I was Indian and knew what should and should not be expected. I also had to remind him that I was the customer. WTF?! He avoided our table for the rest of the meal until we were ready to leave. There is more... The matar paneer and murg tikka makhanwala are seasoned with spices, yes, but they are not spicy, as in hot spicy dishes to begin with, so when I was asked whether I'd like them mild, medium or spicy, I wasn't quite sure what I was getting into. I asked for medium, and boy that was a bad idea. It was littered with red chilli powder, making it quite hot/spicy. WTF. Indian food is not synonymous with hot/spiciness. Therefore, not every dish should come with the option of mild, medium and spicy, because the matar paneer and murg tikka makhanawala are meant to be savored and not leave my mouth on fire.
Not bad for an Indian Buffet.  They offer more of a selection than our regular place, and the food was satisfying and hot.  Popped in after a Saturday afternoon stroll through Patel Bros. Not fancy at all, just go in, help yourself to the buffet, pay and go home and park your butt on the couch for a few hours.  Will go back when shopping at Patel Bros.
This place is awesome!Best indian food in NYC.I always leave there super full and content :-)Food - need I say more...awesome!  Love the Fish Tikka, all the curry and the appetizers are the best (so many choices..so little time)Decor - looks diner-ish.  It's a clean, large and organize place with comfy booth-like seating on the sideService - Depending on who you get....generally, they're very nice and helpfulCost - some of the other reviews say its pricier but I disagree b/c they give you large portions.  So, i say it's about evenly priced
If you are looking for one of those places that's a little hole in the wall with no white people, this is not the place for you. Period. That being said, the food is good - but not the best, in my opinion. The paneer is consistently too tough for my taste - it's got a texture more like tofu than cheese. Sometimes the meat is too fat/gristle-y (like today's goat curry). However, the chicken is always good and I'm a big fan of all the good sauces to slop up with the tasty bread. The naan is nice and not too thick. My favorite are the dosas (filled crepes) - although you won't find them on the lunch buffet (which at 10.95 isn't the best deal - but it is good). Overall, I like it there, but it's not my favorite.
4 stars for food, 1 star for cleanliness. They have a C rating on their door. Unfortunately We didn't see the rating until we left. The bathrooms are filthy and with that C rating, I can only imagine what the kitchen must look like. All this being said, it's too bad because they could easily do something about the cleanliness if they cared.  Maybe if they get enough reviews like this they will.
Really good Indian food, for my money the best in NYC, and one of the best on the East Coast. The decor is bleh, the service is good, and the variety of dishes on the menu is absolutely amazing. This is my go-to place for really good North Indian food in NYC.
I love the food and the buffet is at a fair price.  Just make sure that when you go here, don't wear your favorite jacket or sweaters that you plan on using for the rest of the week.  Otherwise, your clothes will surely smell like the food you're exposed to.
Oh man, as I write this review, my stomach is hating me because I ate at Jackson Diner. I had to visit a school for work, which was a few blocks away, and having not been to Jackson Heights since I was about 7, I was excited to walk down the street that is known as "little bombay" according to one of the teachers I met. We got the lunch buffet, that goes from (10am-4pm), for $9.95, I got some naan (average) and then had some tandoori vegetables (bleh, this isn't even an Indian dish), vegetable jalfrezi (it was okay), spinach  and corn or saag corn (really  - did they run out of paneer?) and pakora curry (pakora's bland, not thoroughly cooked, curry, bleh). Growing up eating Indian food, it makes me sad when I go to South Asian restaurants and have to eat the "formula" food. The formula being  garam masala, pureed onions, tomatoes, and a few other spices and *insert vegetable of choice*. Also, most of the cuisine that you get in these types of restaurants is from a few select regions of India (Punjab etc.) and not at all representative of the diverse and flavorful nature of food in the country.So, needless to say, I won't be dropping another $9.95 at the Jackson Diner...and I had such high hopes!
Meh, indeed.  Now I don't deny that my Indian standards are way too high.  And that I've been unable to find even acceptable Indian in New York.  (Nothing can compare to the spicy fare at New Tayyabs in London...  but I've been unable to find anything that even comes close to rivaling any dish home-cooked from Madhur Jaffrey's books.)But Jackson Diner?  Ugh.  I shouldn't keep coming back here.  It's fine, it's edible, it's...  just Meh.  Bland.  Yawny.  At a Chinese restaurant, I can understand the vegetarian dishes lacking in flavor.  But at a restaurant with a "South Indian" sign outside?  No!Ordered the Saag Paneer (cheese & spinach) and Chole Peshawari (chickpeas & potatoes) and some Naan.  The naan was actually gorgeous.  Thick, fluffy, crisp around the edges, buttery...  gorgeous.  But the entrees were just there.  That's all they were. Nothing other than "present."  A weak showing.I hope not to have to come back.
I was expecting the food to be better. I've def had better indian buffet with much more variety. Maybe it was an off day?  The naan was soggy and cold, they didnt have any lamb whatsoever!! (only goat curry) and the chicken selection was weak!  For the price I guess its ok... but i was expecting more.
I've been here many times and I've always enjoyed it. I have read that many people have said the buffet has gone downhill and whatnot...well, not to sound snobby but I've never been down with anything "buffet style", hence the fact that I've never tried their buffet. All I can say is that I've never been disappointed here. Great Indian food at a reasonable price...dont be cheap, go there for the dinner menu instead of the buffet menu and stop your whining!!
This is renamed after the old diner that used to reside here before 74th Street became entirely Desi. What I love about Jackson DIner, or, JD is that the food is actually spicy when they say it is - not like a lot of Indian places in Manhattan, the menu says spicy and I can't even feel a tingle on my tongue. Good variety and they have good (but strong!) drinks here too .It can be a bit cramped, but not as bad as some of the other buffet spots. Service leaves something to be desired, but that is to be expected, Indian restaurants are known for their good food, not their hospitality.
I used to go here years ago and haven't been in the area in awhile. Finally stopped by again and the food was just as I remembered, very good. I love their chicken tika masala, mango lassi and lamb briyani.
This is iconic Jackson Heights... Of yesteryear. Food is bland - major spices missing. It's just not what it was decades ago. Or even 7-10 years ago. Haveli in Kew Gardens is even a step up. That's my chosen average lunch buffet spot in Queens. Overall - I'd say skip it if you have a desi palate. Even the achar was bland.
Would have gave it a 5 star but in there buffet they dont have nan anymore they bring it to your table . That really bothers me . I use to come with my cousin all the time for the lunch buffet but its under new management now so they bring little baskets of nan if u ask a second time you get a dirty look so i dont go noMore oh n i use to lie to my cousin wen we was here lmao ahh good ti
I dined here on Saturday September 16, 2017. The restaurant has a dive bar kind of feel. It is not fancy at all. Despite the overall appereance of the restaurant it more than makes it up in the taste of the food served. They serve buffet style from open until 4:30. They are served in warmers and has quite a few selections. The food was hot and tasty. I enjoyed my meal and left in a food coma. I would highly recommend and cannot wait to go again. It is a buffet so would probably venture there once a month when I want my dose of Indian cuisine.
I went during dinner (so no buffet), but I have to say that I was pretty disappointed. My goat curry (which was the most recommended dish from other reviewers on yelp) had a ton of tiny bones in it that it totally ruined my experience. And moreover, the meat did not fall from the bone very easily.Additionally, my dinner companion had some digestive discomfort after the meal and throughout the evening.I've been here before and really enjoyed my time, but this most recent experience (first time in many years, actually) was sorely lacking.Perhaps the lunch buffet is a better option, though...
We just moved to the area and heard lots of positive things about this place, so decided to check out the weekend lunch buffet. It was $12.95 pp and delicious! Amid the usual buffet foods they had goat curry, fish curry!! Usually the places I've been to have either 1 or the other, not both! The goat was tasty and tender and the fish was flavorful, didn't taste fishy at all. We will be returning!
I've been going to the Jackson Diner for years. Last week, I decided to give them a visit. The waiter was very courteous and the food was great
Solids 3.5 Decent food and service. I went here with my good friend and we had a quick breakfast. I would come back but it's not a place I would crave.
The buffet is delicious!!! They have a nice spread of various items and the taste can't get any better. Anytime I am craving some authentic Indian food, I have to come here. Any other place would be and has been a disappointment. Keep up the amazing work. Looking forward to visiting  soon.
We used to come to the Jackson Diner regularly. But the food is beyond repair at this point. The mixed grill might have been called "ye old leftovers recooked on the grill." The other dishes were similarly overcooked beyond any edible consistency (Bharta and Malai Kofta). It is simply not acceptable to serve a meal that is $30 per person and have everything feel like a catering leftover. Sad. There are much better Indian restaurants in Manhattan around 23rd Street and Lexington, & then also around East 6th Street (Village) as well. Your money is better spent elsewhere. Having said that, the brunch here tends to be better as the cooks are working to refill the trays all morning. But that does not excuse tonight's (cooked to oblivion) dinner.
I do not usually write bad reviews anywhere, check my profile to verify that fact. But under no circumstances should you eat here. I ordered the chicken masala and I had to ask if it was chicken.Turns out it was not white chicken,I would not serve this to a dog. I refused to eat it, it was vile . I promptly sent it back . I asked for white chicken. It was undercooked and it gave me serious food poisoning. I'm talking up all night, pacing the floor, leaning over the toilet projectile vomiting, shivering and of course the shits. Sometimes at the same time. Do not and I repeat do not eat here if you want to avoid the hell I went through.
I've been to Jackson Diner many times and it's always fun and delicious. But the last time I went, I tried TANDOORI WINGS... which are now one of my top 5 favorite chicken wings, nation wide. What an unexpected surprise.
I actually liked their buffet! Ok, you have to come knowing that it's a buffet and alter your expectations to match. You can't expect the best Indian food of your life.You can expect yummy Indian food of a wide variety. I especially liked the saag paneer and the make-your-own chaat. I liked, too, that they have kheer. It's a perfect way to end the meal (so save a bit of room in your stomach!).It's not a bad deal for all-you-can eat, and it affords you the option of having a little bit of all of the most classic Indian dishes. It's not spicy, though - expect more northern style food.Overall: I would definitely come back if I'm in the area and am both starving and indecisive.
After years of wanting to try this place, I finally did. I called them on a Friday night maybe 45 minutes before they closed and asked if it was okay, they said "absolutely, please come". We race to Jackson Diner for Mission: Indian Friday.I've passed by this place many times, the venue is huge. Like cafeteria huge. The prices here are quite reasonable, we still did manage to over order though.It was a few months back so I don't remember too much. Definitely grab a King Fisher and the lamb kebab but the star for me is.. Chicken Tikka Masala and have the make it spicy.Don't be stupid like me and wait 5 years, go!
Jackson Diner has the most quality and delicious indian food you will find lln New York. This is coming from someone who has tried many mid and top tier indian restaurants in Manhattan. My family has been coming here for over 25 years and most recently, last night. We usually always get take out (probably every 6 weeks) but we decided to dine in last night. The food is amazing but the staff... Not so much. They place a jug on your table but don't bother actually pouring the water out for you. It's kind of annoying to drag and pass this huge water jug around the table and having to pour it yourself with dirty hands because the waiters are too lazy to come around to your table. They also take dishes away and ask to take your plate away while you are still eating. It was so annoying. I am still enjoying this delicious food.... Come back in 10 minutes. BTW the restaurant was 90% empty so no there was no dinnertime rush that we needed to clear out asap. The appetizers was also weak...the chana was hard in my Samosa chaat and the Samosa was nothing great. But then again, I don't come here for the Samosas. Food: 5/5Service: 1/5 The malai Kofta, saag paneer, dal makhani, kadai paneer are the best you will find in nyc. Despite the terrible service ( that would otherwise put me in a sour mood) I have to give this place the 5 stars it rightly deserves. But take my advice and order it to go and enjoy the Indian goodness in the comfort of your own home.
Very homey Indian food - so delicious. Specify your spice level because it is on the spicy side but it was really great. Naan is well done, garlic naan a little too salty but otherwise great.
I have always enjoyed my meals at the Jackson Diner.  I do much prefer the larger, newer location although they probably have been here for well over a dozen years.  I was disappointed that the buffet was only available during the day and I had to miss it.  I started my dinner with one of my favorite soups, the Mulligatawny.  It was made with much care, but was a little on the creamy side for my taste, and lacking a little kick to it.  I then had the Chicken Curry Kauai, which was well prepared, and included a nice mixture of boneless white meat, and thigh cuts.  Again, the sauce was a little on the heavier, creamy side for my tastes.  I have to make another trip to try the cheap lunch buffet, which has always been my favorite in this bustling, Indian Jackson Heights neighborhood.
One of my Indian co-workers who lives in Queens told me to come here when I asked her for some Jackson Heights recommendations. The space is lofty and bigger than I expected. Quite the mixed crowd inside, which had me a little cautious at first for some reason. The menu is not huge, and seems a little watered down to be honest but there's some good picks. The food was better than expected. Although not the best you'll ever have, it's maybe above average. Unfortunately the service is not very existent here, but the food is still above average at least.
Great indian food! Got the lunch buffet which was only $11! Loved the mango lassi we ordered as well! The buffet had a variety of options like tandoori chicken and even a chaat station!
The worst. Service is a -5. Waitress took us to the table and disappeared without even giving us water. We had to flag down a second server for water and then yet another server to get us a menu. Then we decided we'd do the buffet cause it seemed too good to be true at 11.95 all you can eat. Lesson learned here is that if something seems too good to be true then it probably sucks. Like the food here. Every item in the buffet was either overcooked, or bland. Skip this place....Jackson heights and Murray hill both have better Indian restaurants.
The food was really good, but not groin-grabbingly transcendent.  My guess is that the neighborhood has several equally good places serving the same dishes, but this one just happens to be known city-wide because it has a list of specialty cocktails and doesn't seem to cheap out on ingredients. The notion that one should request "mild" because everything is really spicy is bullshit.  Standard Indian restaurant rules apply.  If you are a group of all white people and you want your food hot, that's what you should ask for.  Having been told by some review/soothsayer to beware the insane spiciness and request "mild," we ordered two "medium" dishes.  They could have been spicier.  Reason: white people + medium = mild.  Always.  It works the same in your neighborhood as it does in Jackson Heights, unless you have spent years gaining the trust of the waiters at your local place.  The vindaloo did not cause me to hallucinate whatsoever.
I don't even really like Indian food much (gasp!), but this seriously won my taste buds over & I'll have be one of those people that toots their horn. Great food, but the ambience? There is none. This is all about the food.It's a shame, because while I LOVE the crazy Christmas lit restaurants that are strewn down Indian row in the East Village, I just don't like their food.  I wish the Jackson Diner had a barefoot sitar player in the window & tinsel hanging over my head. I'd make the trek more.
Chicken tikka masala is my favorite here, and the fresh dosa! Its pretty good food, and decent service.the place is clean and nice inside, nothing fancy. Definately worth a try if you're in the neighborhood.
I was first brought here by an Indian friend.  She told me you can tell how good Indian food is by how clean the bathroom is.  So far it's true.  I've been to a few different Indian places in Queens and this is the best.  You get a good size portion for the price your paying.  I've only recently come back here because parking availability in the area sucks.  I would say that's the only downside.I recommend the Mali Dosa, it's a seasonal special and big enough appetizer to feed 4.  It's a wheat crepe (so big it doesn't fit on the plate) filled with curried potatoes, peas, and onions.  I've tried the lunch buffet once and although it's great in variety, it's just too much food for me.  What's great is they also make each dish according to your level of spice tolerance.  I always get the naan, raiti dipping sauce, mango lassi, and a Chicken curry dish.  The chicken is always fresh and juicy, not dry and very well seasoned with spices.
One of the best spots for Indian in the city. Worth the trip to Queens. Most of these neg reviews are for the buffet. You don't go there for the buffet.
My favorite Indian lunch buffet in Jackson heights...outstanding spicy Indian food for a reasonable price...immediately after you get seated you can go to the line pick up a plate and dress it up however you want. They even have a fresh to order, Dosa man by the buffet line who will whip you up a Dosa in under a minute. I've ate in a couple different locations around the vicinity but Jackson Diner has been a cut above the rest...just make sure you wear clothes that you can put in the washing machine because the smell of the food sticks to your clothes like ants on a lollipop.
I had the lunch buffet here, it seems that the price has gone up since last year (but that's no surprise). It was clean, with courteous waiters. The place (maybe even the food) seems to be geared toward non-Indian patrons. Some foods that should be spicy are merely mild. I liked the shaag paneer though (it's probably all ghee with some spinach added in -- you gotta love that butter). I wouldn't mind coming back here, but I wouldn't go out of my way.It does get annoying at peak hours when you have to wait in a queue that curls around the front of the restaurant to get to the food. It's more like All-You-Can-Wait-To-Eat.
The first time I went the food was amazing, super spicy and delicious. The second time I went the food was pretty good, but nothing like the first time. I prefer the lamb dishes to the chicken dishes. The chicken dishes are often under spiced and bland (i know, i know, how can anything at an indian restaurant be bland?!! but trust me it was.) However, the staff is very nice. We wanted to have cheese naan (aka naan with paneer sandwiched in between), and even though it wasn't on the menu the waiter had the chef make it for us.  I want to go back a third time, because if the food is as good as it was the first time I will surely give this place 4 stars. Until then a solid three sounds pretty good to me.
Its a  nice restaurant, pretty big inside and nice design. The food was ok, to start off their Naans are really big and tastes awesome. The chicken Tikka Masala was not over the top, ive tasted better, also they have a spinach and cheese dish, it didn't really have much flavor as i had expected. The portions are a bit small and the utensils and serving plates and platters looked like the ones you'd see at hospitals. Their service was pretty good not bad.
This is the first "name" Indian place I can remember coming up in discussions.  Sure people who liked Indian food knew the way to Curry Row, but Jackson Diner got the Zagat write-ups, interweb buzz and was one of the focal points for folks who touted the ethnic diversity of Queens, in particular Jackson Height.With all that build up, I was destined to be disappointed.  Problem is, I wasn't.Was it an other worldly experience?  No.  But the food was damned good.  I've probably eaten at a handful of other Indian restaurants prior to my first trip here a couple of years ago.  I am by no means on Indian Food expert.  The restaurant I liked best previous to this (and probably still prefer) was Mahal in the East Village.I would definitely recommend Jackson Diner.  I am looking forward to getting there soon for the lunch buffet.
It may not be the best indian buffet in Jackson Heights, but it's always satisfying. There are great vegetarian options. Everything is tasty. I have been dining there for years, and have never once found a flaw. The problem is, I discovered other neighborhood spots that surpass it. I guess I could give the Jackson Diner 3.5 stars, but I'm emotionally attached to it. It's hard to erase fond memories.
What used to be a great spot is not so much these days.  I used to frequent this place many moons ago and as of late, it hasnt been doing that great in my opinion.  They are a bit overpriced for what they offer and service wasnt fantastic.  The food isnt terrible, its actually ok....but there are far superior places nearby.
This restaurant is one of the best Indian food I've ever had. I used to hate Indian food until one day my husband and his friend took me here. I tried Chicken Makhani and I just loved it with Naan and if you like Garlic you should go ahead with Garlic Naan which is very good. I've tried more dishes it called Palak Paneer (spinach with cheese) which is different and interesting test. P.S. As soon as I got home I gotta take a shower right away
The Indian Buffet experience is not a good one here.  Crowded, noisy, and the food is not exactly the best considering all the competition nearby.  A better option for an Indian Buffet would be Delhi Palace which is 2 doors down.
Service let me down. Food let me down.Maybe is because I've been spending a lot of time in other Indian Restaurants in the area.This place is nice, just...well...maybe I went in there at a bad day.I'm trying to be nice with my review...lets just say, it could be a lot better.
The food is fresh, and good. If you plan on stopping by here, definately try the mango lassi, and if you dont want a sweet lassi, then get the salt lassi! Parking in the area sucks.
Great Indian food.  I came early and the Buffett was hot and fresh
When I was moving to the big bad city, my aunt gave me a book of "things to do and see" in the city, in which the Jackson Diner was listed as a famous restaurant in Jackson Heights. Lo and behold, I'd moved to Jackson Heights! So of course I'm going to try this place, and it did not disappoint. I mean, it's a buffet of Indian food, and it is delicious. In the six years since, the food has lessened in its deliciousness and Indian buffets have also become very numerous (or maybe I've started paying more attention?), so the Jackson Diner has lost its original charm for me. Plus it's a little expensive and cash only.  However, if you are touring the area, it would be worth a stop in and a try, especially if you are not in the mood to quest for another, smaller, possibly better if you're willing to risk it kind of restaurant, of which there are several in the Jackson Heights 74th street area.  If you're in the area, you should also check out the Patel Brothers grocery store just down the street from Jackson Diner, lots of fun foodstuffs that you can't find many other places, and for good prices.
I've had takeout from here once which was actually really good.However, when I went here for the buffet on Saturday, I was sort of disappointed.  There really wasn't a good selection of dishes (lots and lots of chicken) and the food was just sort of eh (the best thing was the chana masala.)  I did enjoy my mango lassi though.
food is ok! service like shit! Won't come back because we are not paying money to get treat like that!
Place was once the champ and food is still flavorful, but when they got popular they raised their prices a lot, and now are at about the max anyone should pay for Indian food in this city. Plain naan starting at $3? Meat entrees at about $12+? Seating is plentiful and comfortable and service good, but it seems worth checking reviews here for plentiful other options walkable from here.
This is my old standby for an Indian restaurant even after my move to "Curry Hill".  I've been going to the Jackson Diner since the early 90s and it's only improved since then.  Large space, huge variety of dishes for the lunch buffet, good service.  Pitchers of water on the table are smart, so people don't have to wait for refills.  I admit food is not very authentic (e.g. not  too spicy) and geared for non-Indians but hey, that is what I like.As an Indian-American aka ABCD I give Jackson Diner 2 thumbs up.
I've heard great things about Jackson Diner.  I was in the neighborhood recently and decided to pop in for the buffet lunch.  The food was good, but I didn't find it extraordinary.  I've had much better Indian food in Manhattan.  Perhaps I went on an off day or maybe I should have ordered from the menu.  Don't get me wrong - - I wasn't unhappy with the food.  I just didn't think there was anything special about it.  The buffet had standard dishes, like chicken tikka, saag paneer, nan, basmati rice, veggie curry, and some other dishes.  There was also rice pudding for dessert.  I am willing to try this place again.  But there are so many places in the neighborhood to sample.  We'll see...
I've lived near Jackson Heights for 13 years and used to love going here but I feel like there are many more options now for great Indian food with a good vibe in the area. The buffet seems to have lost its luster with me. I went recently and it was okay but nothing to write home about. There's this other new place called Delhi Heights across the way that I want to try out because it's definitely not a hole in the wall as many places in the area are. Don't get me wrong, I love hole in the walls but if you are taking someone out to dinner, it's not always the best option. The Halal cart on 73rd will always be a favorite of mine but that's for when I'm on the go.
So let me begin by saying that I was thrilled just to be in Jackson Heights (as "Coming to America" is my very favorite movie, and I'm a huge tourist)!  Then I was happy because we went on a Saturday night and found  a parking space right around the corner.  Pretty much, it's just one large dining room - nothing fancy. It was kind of late, so we just ordered from the menu. I ordered my usual - lamb sagwalla, which turned out to be really, really good.  It was my friend's first time having Indian food and she LOVED it!  The prices were reasonable too. Our waiter was very friendly, and he even took a picture of my friend and I - we always take pictures when we get together.
One visit over lunch doth a review make? I guess it does.Preface: I know jack about good Indian food. I've had plenty, and I know when I like something, but I often don't know why I like something (other than tasty sauces, good quality meats, not overly fried fried stuff, etc.). But their lunch gave me a chance to try a plethora of Indian foods that are at least familiar to me. And 80% of it was just what I wanted, the other 20% not what I'm into but still of what I consider to be good quality. The location is convenient if you don't live in the neighborhood (I don't -- it's two blocks from the train), and once inside there is plenty of space to spread out -- maybe too much, with an excessive cafeteria feel. But the food made up for it, and I certainly didn't feel rushed to finish quickly in order to vacate my seat or to sample something before they ran out of it. If you live outside of Jackson Heights it's definitely worth a field trip on a day when you have time (and I like to take my time at buffets as to not overstuff myself in a hurry).
Finally checked out Jackson Diner. What's all the hype about people? It left much to be desired. Next time, I'm going to a bangladeshi restaurant, if i can find one!
I'm going to start off and say that I'm not really fan of Indian food, simply because I think it's just too spicy for me.  But that said, the food at Jackson Diner is awesome (still spicy though).They say that JD offers the best Indian food in NYC, hands down, as brought up last night by my friends who love the cuisine.The ambiance is pretty casual and the service is good.  The pricing is definitely reasonable - a big plus in my book!Note, they only accept cash.Check out JD if you're into Indian food and I can pretty much say you won't be disappointed.
One of the best Indian restaurants I've been to.  Now  I know the place is called Jackson Diner but don't come in her expecting grilled cheese.  Instead you'll find soft warm naan and some of the smoothest curry dishes the Indian cuisine has to offer.  Chicken makhani is (as usual) out of this world, lamb sagwalla - excellent.  I only regret that I did not order a mango lassi.  Coming to a restaurant like this one makes me wish I lived in jackson heights.Btw, this place is cash only so don't forget to hit the ATM before coming here.
Was very disappointment w service, food was tasteless, not a big choice. If anybody planning on having a buffet eat at your own risk and plus all that they have grade B which means that it might be dangerous cause place not very clean. It's not the real south Indian food. They charging 10$ for such a small choice it's rip off
Excellent Indian Food..in jackson heights. =) top notchso many choices not your typical indian buffet with only 6 selections they had about 13 different things, Ranging from kadai chicken to beef korma and a masala dosa station. The chai was awesome. Overall i got my moneys worth...Hubby and I left with our bellys full, and start our shopping in jackson heights.
I have to say, this place left me less than impressed each of the three times that I ate here.It echoes stereotype which such dishes as Chicken Tikka Masala featured prominantly. What's even worse is that they don't serve pickle! Or even limca! I had to walk to Patel Brothers to buy some pickle in the middle of eating there! In fact, the only thing salvaging the experience was the fact that they had dosas.... Once.For a better alternative, try Rajbhog Sweets which is just 3 more blocks away.
I love places where I can eat like a king for cheap and the food being great as well. Perfectly set up buffet with all sorts of authentic Indian cuisine. The Chicken Tandoor is delicious. Full chicken legs juicy as hell and baked in the traditional clay oven. I wont bother with all the other food they have since it has been mentioned 20 times before but everyone of the dishes is outrageous and great. Buy one of the specialty drinks and your paying the exact price you paid to sit and eat all this stuff but the drinks are great too. But I dont care cause I'm paying $9.95 for all this stuff. Still hungry after you finish your plate? get up get more. Guaranteed your table will be clean before you get back. Awesome! More room for my gluten filled plates. If you decide you want a nice drink.  I will recommend the Agro (or something like that) colada. Its on the drink list you cant miss it. If you like pina colada you'll like this alot.  Fresh Masala Dosas made by the guy in the corner of the place are very good. I saw people ordering them from their table for 9 bucks a piece cause they were bigger then when it was being made for buffet customers. I didnt understand why you would do that. It was the same thing but smaller. So I got 2 buffet size ones plus I got the buffet for the same price as 1 large dosa. Also, every table gets a huge pitcher of ice water which to me is a big deal. I hate asking for water!!Bottom line :Im always satisfied with this place and will continue to come here. Probably next weekend again. I never knew Indian and Pakistani  cuisine could be so damn good.
It's $10.95 for an okay Indian buffet. I can't really complain, and yet I want to. Why? Because the area surrounding 74th street Jackson Heights is quickly becoming a land of dashed hopes and lost dreams for me. This is the Little India of Queens! Why is every buffet I go to just "okay"?? Why have I had better Indian food in Westchester? I don't understand! :(First, the place is set up like a cafeteria more than a diner, with groups of 4-tops spanning the one big square dining room and half-booths lining the two side walls. The tables are clearly numbered, meaning the host simply tells you where to sit instead of showing you to your seat, which I thought was a little awkward - but I did tell him I was there for the buffet after all. I ordered a mango lassi then hit the food line. The options were honestly disappointing. It was mostly chicken dishes and vegetable dishes, with goat biryani being the one exception. No lamb to be seen, and some staples were missing outright (no meat curry dish?? come on!). The tandoori chicken was just okay, but all of the veggie dishes were good, as was one of the spicier chicken dishes. But having tried all but one of the dishes I was saddened by the lack of real spicy heat throughout. I'm sure the chicken chili was spicy, but surely another dish should have been, too?Disappointed though I am, I don't believe I've yet been to a cheaper Indian buffet that's just as good (even with the limited options) so I can't say I've had better for the price. My search for the best Indian in JH continues.
This is one of my top fav Indian restaurants. I became hooked from the very first time that my husband introduced this restaurant. The food is out of this world. For curry, spice, and spicy-lovers, you're in for a real treat! This place will not disappoint you. From the moment you are seated, a plate of papad (crisp lentil wafers) with cucumber raita (flavoring yogurt with cucumber and cumin), sweet sauce, and green spicy chutney sauce is served as an appetizer. My husband and I always order the spicy tandoori wings, smothered in sliced onion and lemon on a sizzling platter. The spices are incredibly succulent, strong and mouth-watering. Their samosas (crispy turnovers with spiced peas and potatoes) are delicious. A must-have is masala dosa, it arrives as an extremely long crepe which is filled with potatoes, peas, and nuts mixture. I love their Murg Tikka Makhanwala (broiled chicken pieces simmered in curry finished in cream) which is accompanied with rice & peas or tandoori breads. The dish can be ordered mild, medium, to spicy. We also get the Baingan Bhurta (broiled eggplants cooked with onion, tomatoes, and ginger), it's like an eggplant puree simmered in spices and tomatoes that pairs really well over rice pulao (aromatic long grain rice tossed with peas). My husband loves the lamb roganjosh (boneless lamb cooked in traditional kashmiri masala). I highly recommend to get the lacha paratha (multi-layered flour bread) or paratha (multi-layered wheat bread) for the health conscious. Great for dipping or served over curry. I always have their mango lassi (yogurt drink), it taste so refreshing with the meal, it's like drinking a mango smoothie. With more than enough food to share and go around, the bill comes out to under $70. Their meal is definitely well-spent and rewarding. My friends love their mango magaritas as well. This restaurant is becoming a lot busier these days since it was rated in the New York Magazine.
Went here with a friend who loves it here. The food was decent, but nothing amazing. Had a large variety of food. The naan was terrible and seemed like it was the frozen kind, but just reheated. There was a man making dosas, which is always my favorite :) But they weren't crispy so I was disappointed but the sambar was fabulous! Dessert was rice pudding - why are all the Indian places becoming cheap :( I miss my gulab jamun. Overall, decent food, nothing amazing. Buffet is $10.95 I believe.
The food is great and with a lunch buffet for $10, it is also an excellent deal.  They let you get the buffet to go and cook you fresh nan to go after packing all the necessary condiments.
This restaurant is an Indian destination for Manhattanites who would almost never venture into Queens. Unfortunately, I think they would be wasting their time to come more than once. I've eaten at Jackson Diner twice in my life; I would say the food is "eh, not bad". I judge Indian restaurants based on their ability to make a great lamb vindaloo. I think Jackson Diner is worried that its large number of non-Indian clientele might be turned off by strong flavors, so they definitely tuned down the spiciness of the vindaloo, which is sad. Even the commercialized chain Baluchi's has spicier vindaloo, as well as creamier and sweeter tikka masala.The upside of Jackson Diner is that it is large and inviting, relatively clean, and the wait staff is friendly. However, I would probably go to the other two formal Indian restaurants on 74th Street: Delhi Palace and Indian Taj (both of which I have yet to try).DEFINITELY no cute wait staff. Although the accent of some of the waiters can be amusing.
Maybe it's nostalgia because I grew up in Jackson Heights and came here at least once a month during my childhood but this place is still the best Indian food I ever had (in NY. India had the BEST Indian food I EVER had... obviously).Even after eating at Tamarind (which is SUPERB but prices are too high for regular visits) I can still come to good old Jackson Diner and get the same delicious dishes at a fraction of the cost.This is a very casual spot and I've only come here during the buffet hours (12pm - 3:30pm Everyday).  It's all you can eat for under 10 bucks.  They have all the typical dishes you order and they even have a Dolsa stand where someone will make you Dolsa on the spot.Definitely make your way to queens for the buffet.  I haven't tried a la carte but I don't think it's worth eating here it if you're not paying the flat buffet price.  If you plan to pay by plate it's better to stay in the city and hit up an indian joint in the E 20's ("Curry Hill").Bread Starter Score: Above Average.  Their Naan is good but its not the BEST I've had. At least it's not PITA bread that I got at Panna II (STAY AWAYYYY FROM THAT PLACE!!)
$10.95 for weekend brunch with no lamb or fish is no bargain in this neighborhood. The prices go up from there later in the day.Also the web site isn't very helpful.
Indian cuisine, entrees or AYCE.The few places I eat Indian cuisine, since I live near India Town anyways.  I always come here for the lunch AYCE on weekends when I am craving it.  Food is good and fresh, and made just right.  Enough variety in the AYCE to stuff yourself silly.  I went there once and they had chili chicken for AYCE, it was really good, unfortunately they rarely have it now.  Get yourself several plates and a mango lasse and you are good to go!
My first visit to Jackson Diner was at least five years ago - and I had the lunch buffet.  It was pretty good - and so when I moved to the neighborhood, I thought I should try it out again - even though my South Asian friends have warned against it.Eh.I did not have the buffet this time, but went for dinner.  The food was very spicy, but lacking flavor.  My girlfriend (from Trinidad) was pleased at the FIRE, but did agree that the flavor was lacking.The service was great, I'll give them that - but the atmosphere is really lacking.  I don't mind the cavernous room and the numbers on the table, but can't they play some music or something? I've had better food from Indian Taj, Delhi Palace and I hear the food at the Kebab King is top notch - if you can look past the state of the dining room.
Its buffet style for all curries. I though the goat curry flavor was tasty but the meat was a little fatty. Try the mint 'spicy' paste on your nam, it was nice. The fresh made to order crepe filled with a corn like paste was decent, but needed sauce. There wasn't any dish I thought that was real spicy, I would say, very mild and easy for all to enjoy.
You know, I think the thing I like most about this place is that it isn't what you expect at all.  You walk in and it feels like you're in some middle school cafeteria that's decorated for Indian Culture Day (which should totally be a holiday).  Don't get me wrong, I love this about it.  It makes me feel at ease.The wait staff is so nice and I have never had a problem with the food. Their samosa, butter chicken, navrattan korma...among just abut everything else is delicious.  So, my best piece of advice is - GO! And try it for yourself!
The name is totally apt - except for the aluminum storefront and the fact that the wait staff are uniformed Indian men, this place really is pretty diner-y.  You get seated and provided with a giant pink plastic pitcher of ice water.  The environment is no-frills comfortable.  This place has the most enormous masala dosas I've ever seen - not even in my extensive journeying around India have I found dosas this huge!  I'll be back to try them at some point.The menu is a solid selection of vegetarian and meat entrees and the serving sizes are enormous - readily enough to share among two people.  I've loved the lamb vindaloo and the lamb roganjosh I've had here.  Both dishes are flavorful and spicy to your desire.  Their saag paneer is also savory, and I always get their crispy, soft, fresh paratha.Right off the 74th/Roosevelt stop on the 7/E/F/RV stop, this is a perfect stop for a quick, delicious, filling dinner when staying in Queens/Flushing.
I eat a lot of Indian food.  This is the worst I have ever had in a restaurant in New York.  It's bland, and there is something off in the flavor; they are using some unusual ingredients, to say the least.  It is also filthy, the service was poor, and my beer was served in a cracked glass.  And, it is priced as high as many far better restaurants in more expensive neighborhoods.   Apparently, the place is resting on its laurels from a few years back.  You may notice that many of the positive reviews here on Yelp are from people who say that they are not really into Indian food, or have rarely had it before.  If you actually like Indian food, do not go here.  I very rarely write online reviews, but feel compelled to speak out about this place.
I love Indian food, and love Indian buffets even more, so I figured it was necessary to try out this curiously-named "diner" to find out what everyone was raving about. Though more expensive than some equally good buffets I've been to, I still enjoyed this place, and found myself going up not once, but TWICE, to take advantage of the grand buffet placed before me.Unfortunately, I can't remember all that I had, but highlights included goat curry (which I enjoyed, but there was more bone than meat), and an addictive dal and aloo gobi. I chose basmati rice over naan this time around, and loaded up on all of the accompaniments, which were flavorful and spicy. We'll see if I come here again; I'll admit that the price is a large influence in my decision.
The lunch buffet at $9.95 per person is a really good bargain. There was a variety of different curries to sample from,  my favourite being the Goat Curry (I love the bone marrow). The vegetable curry was also very delicious and there was a man who makes fresh dosas at the corner. I think all the food was very tasty and there was enough variety of dishes to keep my taste buds satisfied. The interior of Jackson Diner was clean, spacious and roomy, definitely suitable for large groups. I will go back there again the next time I crave Indian food.
I just went here today for the buffet lunch, and I was really impressed. There were a lot of people coming in, so the servers were constantly refilling the food trays. That's how we knew all the stuff was fresh. The dosas (again, unique to the buffet here) were just as I remember them, as well as the very moist and well flavored tandoori chicken. So happy to know that they are just as consistent as they were over 2 years ago when I first came. Jackson Diner will definitely be my Indian lunch buffet place that I will be coming back to again and again. Definitely don't go to that Delhi Palace place -- people who review that place say people "in the know" know it's better, but really, the variety isn't as good, the saag is a weird color, the naan is dry there, and few people go there, which probably can tell you a little bit about how fresh the food is (not fresh at all because it just sits there throughout the lunch period).
The food is delicious and the atmosphere is colorful. The atmosphere is colorful with Indian music playing in the background. They even have a big screen t.v but the volume is mute. The waiters on the premises can be a bit more friendly and tentative to the customers. The best meals to get here is the Murg Korma, Malai Kofta, Paneer Pasanda, Sag Pasanda and of course dhel pouri.
I stumbled across this place a few years ago, when some friends and I took a trip to NYC.  We were on our way back from Coney Island and decided to stop here to try and find some Indian Food, and lo and behold we stopped at Jackson Diner which was open relatively late :)All I really remember is that their food was SO good, that my friends, who surprisingly had never had Indian food (surpising as we were from Cali, and im Indian), cleared everything we ordered and even overate.  I know for sure we ordered their Chicken Curry and the Chicken Tikka Masala.  It was not during buffet so it was made more fresh than if it were.  Their Naan was fresh and soft- made just right.  I believe we ordered the garlic naan too, which was also quite good.  I remember the service was very friendly.  I actually went back for their lunch buffet, and although to me it didnt compare to their a la carte, it was still good.  The sambar and pakoras were very good, and they even had a fresh dosa bar.  I like this place and I would go back.(Im in between three and four stars... so I'll round up for this one.)
The service was brusque to say the least and food was incredibly disappointing especially as I'd heard such great things. The chutneys were watery and flavorless and the samosas seemed as if they'd been sitting there a while, lacking crispness in the pastry with stodgy flavorless filling. I went with someone who'd never eaten lamb before and we were recommended the lamb rogan josh. As an introduction to the delicious world of lamb this was very disappointing for my friend and also for me.  The lamb was dry and didn't taste very fresh. More like mutton or goat. The sauce was bland and thin. The garlic naan was the worst I've ever had, cold and tasting of burnt and bitter garlic. The mulligatawny was decent but not to the standard of others my friend had eaten (I'd never had it before). When it came time to get the check we were given the thousand yard stare numerous times by the waiting staff who frankly all looked bored. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
My search for good Indian food in NYC is finally over.  I'm sure there are better places in the area, but after experiencing a lot of crappy Indian food in Manhattan for the last few years this place was a welcome surprise.  They have a good selection of flavorful dishes but I wish they had more. Oh well.  The chili chicken is unbelieveble tasty.  They even have a dosa station where a guy makes fresh dosa right in front of you. The service was decent.  I think it's great and efficient that they give each table their own pitcher of ice water.  More restaurants should do this.  So if you want good Indian food in NYC be sure to head out to Jackson Heights.  I recommend taking the 7 train.  Finding parking around Jackson Heights is near impossible.1/05/08 Update: The food here isn't so good anymore. I came here again around noonish with my roommate and the food we had wasn't fresh at all, not to mention luke warm.
Tonight I learned I really like Indian food. It is not all Curry based spicy meals.  You can actually order food that is flavorful and not spicy!Go for the dining experience and when I say experience I mean a HUGE space with lots of tables.  It is not your mom and pop place, yet it still feels intimate.  Good. Yum!  Downfault - Cash Only - No AMEX points.
Unfortunately, I had high expectations of this place, which might be the reason why I didn't love it, but the food really wasn't that great. The first thing that disappointed me was the selection at the buffet, they only had two chicken dishes, and the tandoori chicken was really hard and crunchy. The rice was decent, but there was nothing spectacular about any of the dishes I tried or the service for that matter. Maybe I just came by on an off day, but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
Solid Indian buffet, although prices have been creeping. Much has already been said. My only reason for getting the buffet is for the chaat mini buffet: crisps and kachoris, with cooked chana, yogurt, chaat masala, cilantro chutney and tamarind. Don't miss this, as its the best part of the buffet.
I  love this place.  I go in regularly for the lunch buffet and am impressed by the consistency and quality of the food. I never eat in, because I'm usually on deadline. I run in, grab a to go plate and pile it on. The great part is you get enough food to last for a couple of days. The not so great part is you'll probably eat it all in one sitting. You can't go wrong here. Even if you come in during non-buffet hours for dinner you will find great food and pretty fast service as compared to the other area restaurants.
I dont understand how this place got sooo popular.  I've been here soo many times and always coming out feeling that my stomach is going to burst and mind you, I only had 2 dishes with water.I really think that their food is wayyy too heavy.  It feels as if they put in pounds of cream in their curries and sauces.  They do have a good selection of food but ughh... I just wish it wasnt soo heavy.  This place is good if you want to take 4 people or more for an indian buffet.
hot damn its buffet time again.  my favorite indian buffet of all time.  nestled in the heart of jackson heights' indian (bangladeshi, same effin  thing) strip, this is just a short half block away from my 74th street stop.The prices here are reasonable, i think btwn $9 to $11 depending on if you go on the wknds and if its dinner or lunch.  buffet is available only certain hours of the day, the rest of the time its a typical indian restaurant.  this is also a rather big establishment.  They provide you with a pitcher of water at the table so their lazyass waiters don't have to keep filling your glass.The food here are great.  I love the chicken tikka masala.  they also have curry everything, tandori chicken, chick peas, cauliflower with other veggies.  basically anything to make you fart.  if you go at peak hours, they have farting contests and see who goes the longest without staining their underwear.  white undies are preferred as its hard to see shit stains on black.  note: i've lost everytime i entered.i'd go for the buffet, its cheap and the food is better than other buffets around.  don't try others around here, this is the best around the area.  no need to tip the typical 15-20%.  its a damn buffet.   JACKSON HEIGHTS STAND UP!!!!
Great vegetarian options. The tastiest naan ever. And yummy mango lassi! Goooooooo already!
Good for the price.  Excellent mango lassi.  The sag paneer was really chopped, and I prefer it with more texture.  But it tasted good!The tandoori chicken was good, too.I'm not sure it's worth the trip to Queens, but if you live in midtown or are in the area, you can get a good meal here.
Mmmmmmm.  From start to finish, the food here is authentic and delicious.  Everything is spiced just perfectly.  I had my wedding party here, and it was the perfect atmosphere, with the perfect food.  I love the saag.  The have a great lunch buffet that can give you a good taste of the regular dinner menu.  The buffet includes fresh dosas, made to order.  So good.
So the other day I got totally embarassed when a friend on his way back to South America after living in London asked me to take him to great Indian food in NYC (one last bite before going home!). Against my better judgment I ignored my favorite places and went for the famous/ostensible "best" by word of mouth. OUCH! This place may have been great at one point, but it really tastes today like a 2nd generation Indian joint in Toledo, OH. I have to be honest, I've never eaten Indian food in Toledo. But that's how I imagin it. Horrible Naan that tasted stale even though it was fresh. No spice. No freshness. No zip or zest. Actually, I was wrong about Toledo. Now I got it: This place seves  "TV dinners" Indian-style. But  the trays are more substantial.
Good buffet selection. Tasty food. Nice decor. No real complaints other than I think they use MSG as I always get extremely tired after eating here along with minor headaches. This place used to be better years ago for my weekend buffets but I dislike the added MSG so you get full a LOT quikcer and are tired afterwards. There are also several less expensive buffets along 74th that have food that is just as good. The interiors are just not as expansive as Jackson Diner.
Jackson Diner is a pretty unfitting name for this place, but moving on.... I was thoroughly excited to choose my own table number (the decisions were between 30, 31, and 32..). The service was alright and the food was preeeeeetty good. Not worth the trek though. The best thing we had was the potato dosa, which was perfectly crispy on the outside and creamy/potatoey on the inside, served with this spicy lentil sauce-meets-soup thing. The mixed grill was good, but I've gotta admit that I was really spoiled in London (Tayyab's, after my own heart....) and nothing quite measures up. All in all, a good night out with friends, but I probably wouldn't come back for the food or service. Prices were reasonable.
A friend took me to Jackson Diner a few months ago and since then, I can't stop thinking about it. We got the lunch buffet and I was pretty skeptical because I am usually anti-buffet, even for Indian food. Buffet food is never hot enough so by the time I get back to my table, I could care less that I get to try a million different types of curries or whatever. It's just a cold mush pile.But this is far from the truth at Jackson Diner. The food is actually HOT. And DELICIOUS. I can't even remember everything I ate but I remember going back to the buffet again. And again. Then the guy came out and started making dosas at the buffet and I swear, if I could have eaten even one more bite I would have gotten a dosa. But I was too full, dammit!! Next time.
A bit disappointed in the number of reviews for it and the amount of people in there too. The food was $10-20 a dish and was ok. Nothing specular. Like I would imagine with so many Indian restaurants near by.
I've only been here for the buffet and have not tried the a la carte menu. I'd say the buffet is hit or miss. The last few times we've gone we haven't been too satisfied.
Oh, how I miss this place...I used to come here all the time as a young kid. The buffet was excellent. Juicy chicken tandoori, soft buttery naan and the dosa they had was excellent. One of the few joints in the area that serves dosa. The decor is nice. It has an airy atmosphere inside. Seats are quite comfortable too. The restaurant is close to the 74 st station (7) or a short walk from the Roosevelt Ave (EFMR) station.
I have been to this place many times, and it is either excellent or horrible. Once, a few years ago, the lettuce in the salad at the buffet was brown and disgusting, so we had to complain and leave the place. Anyway, on my most recent visit, the women's bathroom was flooding and none of the staff seemed to care. The service in this place is horrible. The staff are rude. But I really do enjoy the buffet. It is inexpensive (i think $9.95?) and occasionally bland, but it's a tradition that me and my friends have going.  I generally enjoy the food.
to be honest, i think it's average, nothing too special. but some say it's the best indian food in the neighbourhood. naan was good.  but you won't have a bad experience by going here. so nothing to lose!
Last Saturday I made my first, but definitely not my last, trip to this highly recommended Indian restaurant.  It was 8:30pm on a Saturday and the place was packed.  Parties of all sizes were crammed into this otherwise spacious joint!  For our party of 3 our wait was about 20mins, but considering the number of parties ahead of us and the lack of any available tables, the wait would have been over an hour anywhere else.  Once we were seated the service was expeditious and friendly.  Before taking our order, the waiter answered our questions (a friend recommended butter chicken, but it isn't named that way on the menu) and made a few suggestions.  As it should be, our drinks came out before the appetizers, the appetizers came out together hot and delicious (Samosa Chat, yum!), the serving dishes were cleared when we were finished the apps and our mains were brought out together a short time later.  And although the service was great, the food was incredible!  We all ordered mild this time around so we could share and everything was wonderful.  However, I'll need to do medium or hot next time.  Curry isn't curry without a little kick!!  Better than any Indian I've had in Manhattan!!They do an afternoon buffet, which I would love to check out.Folks, be mindful, it's Cash Only!
I have been here twice and was impressed both times by the prompt and professional service and dynamic menu.  The first time I went, it was crowded and we were still seated right away and fed quickly.  I had some fluffy naan and wonderful Malai Kofta.  The second time I went was even better and the food pleased my friend who is a picky eater.  She had Lamb Tikka Masala and I had Chicken Tikka Masala.  They were both hearty and very fragrant dishes, but not too heavy.  Afterward, we walked around outside and the holiday decorations were pretty-I recommend a walk around the block.
Had the lunch buffet which was $8.95.  Food was flavorful, not too spicy and enjoyable even though I usually prefer to sweat my food off just for the fun of it.  All the basic dishes were there which they probably change everyday - chicken tikki masala, paneer, curry chicken, lentils, alo gobi, tandoor chicken, naan, etc.  I also liked their veggie samosas which were huge.Would definitely come here again.  Been here for dinner which is pricier but loved the food especially the paneer chicken and the potato roti wrap. Really good.
the food is as bland as ever...the waitstaff gets 1/2 a star for basically just standing around scowling....1.5 stars for utter predictabilityonce again the onions were solid
Food wasn't great and we were rushed out. Definitely have had way better Indian food better. Will not be coming back here.
Love their food. Especially the dosas and paneer pasanda. I like the people who work there, always seem to be attentive. The space is a bit too big and noisy but I go off hours and it's great. I think there are quite a few good places in JH but this is my favorite.
Pretty good buffet at a reasonable price. I'll definitely be back =)
The venue, though roomy, does nothing to catch the eye but the food here is pretty good. I went with an Indian friend of mine who is also a long time resident of the area. I liked sampling a mix of everything at the buffet, but something about the set up of the food near the window screamed low-brow, and was somewhat of a turn-off. I wouldn't kill myself going out of the way for this place, but since I live in Queens I would go again.
Love their buffet! This is one of the best Indian food buffets in all of the 5 boroughs of NYC. Also the Chicken Makhani here is fantastic.
I really liked all the food that I had (tandoori wings, garlic naan, chicken tikka, paneer prasanda, sauvignon blanc). Ambiance was definitely lacking though - would go back though.
One of the better Indian restaurants in NYC. Might seem a little tacky. However, definitely worth a try.
Very good food, I come here about twice a year and it is always solid. Unfortunately they can be a little pricey for Queens.
just typical Indian dishes, very good nan bread, good price, just this place is too old, dirty bathroom, it's a good place for a quick bite.
Recently went to Jackson Diner. Cokes were flat. The  Nan bread was soggy. The food was dry and bland. I have been going here for years and couldn't believe the change in quality. We won't be going back here. Plus the "B" rating doesn't help.
The name is deceiving, but this place serves very good Indian food.  We ordered way too much, but it was all great:  samosas, naan, dosa, tandoori chicken, curry, and some other stuff that I can't remember.  We had takeout, and I forgot to get a mango lassi.  Damn.  I'll have to make another trip, I guess!
RUN AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!! My wife & I LOVE indian food & eat it regularly, though we will never return to Jackson Diner after how sick I became from food poisoning after eating their spinach & cheese dish.If you want to risk food poisoning & spend a night in the hospital with an IV stuck in you, by all means, try Jackson Diner, if theyr'e even around because the department of health rep I spoke to when I filed a formal complaint said that they have received numerous complaints about them already!
Jackson Diner is definitely one of my favorite indian eateries.  I came here several times over a few years, and it has been consistently good (which is great 'cause a lot of places tend to fall off over the years - especially now w/ the rise of market cost).  I see some negative reviews, but they were mainly about Jackson's buffet, and I agree w/ most of what was stated, and that is why I skip the buffet (it is a great deal though) and order off the menu.  Their dishes off the menu is far superior - tender lamb, great tandoori chicken, the food is hot and fresh out the clay oven.  They do have off days when it comes to service (I guess it all depends on how busy they are, which is understandable).  One time we enjoyed our meal so much that it was made apparent to the manager and they  sent over 2 free desserts  to our table (made my freakin' day).  Then there are days where I had to pretty much chase down our waiter - so it all depends on when you go (which is the case w/ many establishments when it comes to service).  DO NOT wear 'dry clean only.'  On cold days don't wear your nice winter gear - layer some washable sweaters - there will be funk.  The kind of funk that fills the air & does not ever leave.
If this restaurant was in Manhattan I'd give it more stars, but for the neighborhood ehh it's ok at best. There are much better restaurants to eat in Jackson Heights for authentic Pakistani/Indian food. First of all they give you the naan cut up...what is up with that? I hate to say it but this place is more for people who do not want to venture into the restaurants where the neighborhood people go. Their prices are WAY too expensive when compared to the Kebab King or Karahi Grill. If your looking for authentic Pakistani/Indian food do not be afraid go into Karahi Grill, Kebab Palace, or Kebab King. All three of these restaurants are more than willing to answer any questions you have on the food and are very attentive to their customers needs.
The food is delicious and the service is mediocre.  Since I trekked out to Queens for the food and not to be pampered, the latter didn't bother me.  Loved it and will be back to try the buffet!
My friend picked Jackson Diner Indian Restaurant because he wanted to try something different. The place is more like a self servce cafeteria than a restaurant. The place is pretty decent size but decor is basic. Food was average. The price was ridiculous for the portions. they charged $14 for a lamb entre with 4 pieces of small lamb covered with curry, plus $2 for a plate of rice and automatically added 20% gratuity for only 5 people. I walked out with $20 less and still feeling hungry. there's a better place next door for half the price. This place is CASH ONLY.
The Jackson Diner is the only place I have had an acceptable dosa outside of India. They do them fresh and in front of you, bonus. The rest of the buffet is damn good, not too greasy, mushy, etc. - unlike many Indian buffets, where the food sits stewing for hours on end. My brother and I made a first trip to Queens/Jackson Heights to try this place, and it was worth it. Gold star!
I was greatly disappointed by Jackson Diner.  I heard so many good things over the years, and finally made the trek to Queens.  I eat a LOT of Indian food, and have traveled extensively in India.  The food was average.  They must have a great PR agent, or maybe management changed.  It is not worth going out to queens for this.  Can find better indian food on east 6th street.  Finally, the bathrooms are filthy and while I was going to the bathroom, our waiter came in, peed, and did not wash his hands afterwards.  Yikes.  It WAS cheap, but you get what you pay for.
the restaurant is large and spacious, but the noise level seems to resonant throughout the place. i just found that quite odd. the service is very friendly and quick. they have a good variety of south asian cuisine. compared to the other restaurants in the vicinity, jackson diner cost more.
anyone who says this is the 'best indian food ever' is high. this area of jackson heights is an indian neighborhood; it's a shame this restaurant has earned the reputation as the go-to place in the area/city.food is overpriced and nothing above and beyond anything i have eaten in NY.  entrees come with bland rice, a tiny morsel of dal, and no naan. appetizer dosas are 9 DOLLARS. also, cash only, and the casual, dank cafeteria setup virtually guarantees there will be at least one disruptive toddler in the restaurant - and the high ceilings allow the sound to resonate! bummer.
mymymy...stacey is soooooo good. i take the red eye into nyc, arrive at my darling hostesses place at an ungawdly 7amish...and we chat, have a nap and head to jackson heights!!!!!! funny enough as many times as i was there while living here, never ate at jackson diner.i reviewed samosa house in LA because it's laid back and authentic vibe reminds me of this fabulous little india in the international borough.sooooooo good! never had dousas before, hooked. buffet is fab, delicious, satisfying, and yes, yay! i'm a fan.
I am sorry but this place serves some really gross Indian food - and I am Indian. Maybe it was the day I went, but the yogurt on the chaat had a bizarre gummy quality, the dosa was thick and soggy, the potato filling underwhelming, and the place was dirty.
hit up the buffet.  we got there 15 minutes early.  the staff let us in early after they saw us salivating at the window watching them put out the sag paneer and murg curry.  i was a little disappointed that there weren't any samosas at the buffet, bu they did have these deep fried lentil cakes.  mmmmm!the special of the day was the masala dosa, which they have made to ordered.$10.95 ain't bad for a full and satisfied tummy.note:  there is rules to the buffet.- don't waste food.  duh!- use a new plate each time you go to the buffet.  (this kinda goes against rule 1)- no sharing.- half price for kids under 7. (wish i was 7)
This India restaurant is located in Little India. This place is huge like a big GYM. Food are really good but sliver ware, plastic cups and plates are old and not carefully cleaned. Waiter gave good service. I think I put too much expectation on this one because many people said this the best indian restaurant in NY area. I had better ones in other city. Well, For the really good price they offer, you really can't complain!
Zagat rated. blah-blah-blah ... heard good stuff about them so gave them a try. I do not know much about Indian cuisine, thus the dishes seemed ok to me, but when I asked for the check three times it was getting annoying, we waited for our check for 30 minutes!!!!! will not be visiting them again.
WORST FOOD EVAR !!! do not eat here... it is the worst indian food i have ever eaten..... the worst... Im indian and i know good indian food... this place is not it....
This was my first time trying Indian food (well second, first was masala dosa at Dosa Hut but I've never had anything other than that...) so I didn't really know what to expect. I really liked it though. I'm not even sure of what I had haha... it was the lunch time buffet special so I took a little bit of everything and enjoyed it all. Loved the rice pudding too, yum. $8.95 for buffet lunch. Staff was friendly. I mean, it was a buffet so you don't need them at all, really. Good experience, looking forward to going back.
Ok for you guys who haven't been eating at the diner for 25 years...It's called the Jackson Diner because it was originally up the block  where the original Jackson Diner  ( which was a diner) was.  And  it is fantastic as shown by it withstanding the test of time!  Having moved out of the neighborhood some years ago - it's the measure by which I compare other Indian restaurants - and it's still great when ever we get the chance to get in to eat there!
Beware the lunch buffet. I tried Jackson Diner and Delhi Palace on a kind of dare with myself today, and walked away chastened and disappointed in what I understand to be the best Jackson Heights offers in Indian. I will come back for a real dinner and revise my rating only then.
the food sucks here !!!!this ain"t indian food!!!they should have atleast 10 bathrooms in this place cause the food would mess your stomach up
For my first trip ever to Jackson Heights, I went to dinner at Jackson Diner in the fabulous company of Arnab M, Tali A, and my boyfriend. I'd already been eating all day, so I wasn't particularly hungry, but I enjoyed the food nonetheless. I let Arnab order for me, so I actually can't remember exactly what we had... some chicken dish, some lamb dish, and mattar paneer (which was my favorite of the three). Everything was quite good, although we agreed that the garlic naan was a little soggy. Not the best Indian food I've had (nor the cheapest), but I could see myself going again next time I'm in the area.
Definitely over-rated. The staff is rude. Skip this place and go to Delhi Palace instead.
The Jackson Heights Diner hype is not entirely without merit. I could see the venue worthy of considerable praise. I like the food. It really is good Indian food. It is perhaps the pricier option within the area, but still incredibly afforable. Definitely worth giving it a visit, but I would encourage any visitor or resident to not become tied down to the jackson diner experience, eventhough it is the safest choice for Indian food, there are other restaurants in the area worthy of attention. So be adventerous! and enjoy.
When I went, the waiters were not as friendly as I expected, but was otherwise obviously a very popular place! food was pretty good :) the first 2 dishes under the 'chicken' section were good (was recommended by the waiters), so was the naan but more on the oily side, and their sauces are pretty good. it's not uber-cheap.
I have one word for Jackson Diner: bland. We ordered the samosas, the dal makhani, the mustard greens, and the paneer pakora.  It was all bland.  I don't understand the rave reviews here.   When we ordered the waiter asked if we wanted our food bland, mediocre, or spicy (that's what he might as well have said) and I should have taken that as a sign that the food would be stripped of flavor to appeal to a palate that is less-than-familiar with Indian food.Overall, I would say that this was the worst Indian food I've ever had.  The samosas left an aftertaste and everything else was lacking in flavor.  My advice is that if you find yourself near Jackson Diner, head to the ready-meal section at Patel Brothers (grocery store at the end of the block) and buy some boxed/microwave/frozen meals.  They will taste better than Jackson Diner's offerings and cost a fraction of the price.
All you need to know is.. never go here for dinner-- way too expensive, there's no point.  Jackson Diner is over packed, and it's a diner, you can't expect much out of it.The only reason to go is the lunch buffet.  For 6.95, it's all you can eat and the food selection is hearty, and deeply fulfilling, you can't go wrong with this place and the stores nearby are very admirable and classic of its '74th' street heritage.  I highly recommend this place, the food is absolutely delicious-- the chicken biryani, saag paneer, unlimited naan and raita along with the very tasty papri chaat, this deserves five stars despite the overpriced dinner menu.
the food tastes very good.  the price is ok.i think you get the most value during the lunchtime buffet.  the food tastes basically the same as al carte if you get there early.  great place to go with a big group of friends for a casual meal.definitely not the best indian food i've had but its a reliable stand by.  only drawback is that they use milk in so many dishes.  if you are allergic to milk its a problem.  they even cook there rice with milk in it.
Best Indian in the east coast! I have a lot of Indian friends who are partial to Tamarind in the city, but why spend all the $ when you can have better food elsewhere! (Beware, Jackson Diner is not the fancy venue that Tamarind is, but who cares?!)  I haven't been to this place in a while, but last I went, I got tipsy off their martini special (2 for the price of 1) - so the buzz made their chicken tikka masala taste even better!  And make sure you fast for a few days before trying that lunch buffet..!
Friend: Have you had dinner yet?Me: Nope, not yet.  I was about to order some food.Friend: Do you want Indian?Me: Sure... where?Friend: Queens.Me: Queens???  Fine... let's do Indian in Queens.We get  to the place... "Jackson Diner?  I thought we were having Indian."The place was pretty goody and tasty.  YUM!  Boy I stuffed my face.  I heard this place used to be better... I wish I came here when it was "better".  Boy, thinking about it now makes me want Indian.
The lunch buffet is truly delicious (and cheap!). The tandoori chicken and lamb curry are terrific. The dosas are great. The nan? Perfect. The mango lassi....yummy! The indigestion...no words. Just don't forget your Nexium (or antacid of choice) and you should be fine.
the same mr. smarmy from a previous visit was our busperson?! it was reasonably empty, hence no need to keep inquiring as to if we were ready to order. it doesn't make someone feel particularly welcome, when they are countenanced by a scowl. the intermittent server was much more affable. the korma i ordered, was exquisite, except for the chicken, which i would liken to old hen.
This place is awesome, and has been for the past...oh, say 15 years??? But it's definitely gotten worse since it moved to the bigger location a few years ago...a little more touristy and commerical. Try some of the smaller places down the block or around the corner if you really want some aithentic Indian and Pakistani food!
I only eat Indian here because I love being able to eat all the different dishes and not spend a fortune.  The food is great!  SO worth a trip into Queens.  The restaurant itself reminds me of a cafeteria.  The buffet is set up with trays over a burner type deal.  The decor is lacking so it's not a place to impress.  But like I said, the food is great.  They offer nonstop Naan, a variety of curries and chk dishes, and another plus is they automatically give you a huge pitcher of water which I desperately need when I eat spicy foods.  So now I don't have to wait on the waiter to bring it to me!  :-)
This is the "establishment" choice for those wishing to explore Jackson Heights' south asian food scene. It's not the most adventurous choice, but they do some things awfully well:- parathas are buttery and flaky, as they should be- vindaloo has chunks of tomatoes and a tangy kick- masala dosai are awesome, as good as any I had living in South India- korma is velvety with chunks of nuts in the gravy- lassis are appropriately sour but still tastyOn the negative side, this place is way too expensive and they don't have enough variety (where's the jalfrezi? the chettinad?). But what they do serve is pretty good, the service is solid, and it's a very well-run restaurant.
First time trying Indian! It was unforgetable (I've been here 2x already) ..  I had no idea what I ate and what we ordered, but I ate it all, and it was gooood!! The chicken marsala was saucy and spicy, lots of spices it was like explosion of flavors, spicy, sweet, salty... and the garlic naan? to die for! soooo good!! the mango lassi was good, if u like the heaviness of it, i guess its refreshing, but just a bit too heavy for me, IMO.
This was supposedly *the* recommended place to eat Indian food in Jackson Heights, which I had long been meaning to visit for exactly that purpose. First of all, the neighborhood doesn't feel "Indian" so much as  "generic New York Hispanic" with a few Indian supermarkets and restaurants. Curry Hill in Midtown Manhattan feels more authentic! But I might be wrong, because I didn't linger long after consuming an Indian buffet lunch that made me sick for the rest of the day. And I consider that an achievement, since I traveled around India for several months and didn't get sick once. The food wasn't terrible, but it wasn't interesting, either--just the usual for-export Indian dishes you get in every other "Indian" restaurant in the US (Iselin, NJ excepted, perhaps). The interior is also a bit dark and uninviting with indifferent service. If I hadn't felt so sick after eating here (too much ghee?), I might have condescended to give the "famous" Jackson Diner two stars.
Back when it was an actual diner down the block from where it is now, my husband and I went in for breakfast and bottomless coffee as we were writing at that time and didn't want to bother with cooking. We went back for diner - looking for a big greasy burger - it had literally changed into an Indian restaurant - in just one day!!! The tables were exactly the same, the tableware, the wait staff, the rest of the of restaurant what-not was all exactly the same, except it was a completely different menu. The food was quite simpley incredible then. So fresh. Very small kitchen that you could see from the dining area. When it moved to it's current location, it just never was the same. We have always taken house guests there right off the plane...the buffett is the way to go....Jackson Heights and Astoria has great great diversity in the food. Check it all out
Good, but definitely over-hyped. You won't eat badly here, but you'll eat much better down the block at Dehli Palace.
So I'm nuts about Indian food.  There was a time a few years back that I dined Indian-style three times a week even!  I had high hopes for the Jackson Diner.  The atmosphere was great - the service was superb - and the food (of course the most important part) did not disappoint.  I asked the waiter if I could special order a garlic rotti (whole wheat Nann with garlic paste and herbs) - he checked with the kitchen and in a few minutes we were in heaven.  The only down-side I found was the fact they don't take credit cards.
There is nothing bad to say about Jackson's Diner. For $8.95, I had the best meal since I arrived in NYC. Now, it may seem confusing since it's a "Diner," but it's actually buffet-style Indian food. Nothing is too spicy (so that may disappoint a few). The naan is fluffy but firm, and there are just enough dishes to sample without being overwhelmed. Note: the $8.95 buffet price lasts between noon and 4 pm.
the food is ok. its a little bit pricy. had shrimp masala, samosa, eggplant. best to blend with duro rice
I am not a big indian food expert, I don't even know what most of the dishes are called but the lunch buffet is superb for those with an adventurous palate.   I pretty much try some of everything there and all of it has been amazing in the 3 trips I have made. I have been to a bunch of indian places in manhattan and none of those held a candle to this one. The food is reasonably priced at dinner but the buffet at ten bucks is where it is at for a hearty lunch in j. heights.
I ate at Jackson diner today and it was pretty good! I had the buffet. I just wish they had a larger selection for the  buffet and a more spicy selection. I give it a 3 star.
The food is really great.  I go here once every couple of weeks and the service has been mediocre only once.  The portions are sizable and the prices reasonable.  The decor is...well...ugly.  It looks like a Starbucks from the late 90's.  I don't much mind though, because the food is good.
the best indian food I've ever had. cheap buffet on saturdays and sundays before 4pm. Best deal in the neighborhood.
I love this place.  Been coming here for more than 10 years.  Started going to Jackson Diner when they were down the block in the original Jackson Diner.  Their buffet is a little different on some days but i love when they have their spinach.  It's the only creamed spinach I'll eat.  When I come for dinner instead of doing the lunch buffet, I get their Tandoori Prawns which are great.  Large shrimp platter on a bed of sizzling onions and peppers.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
Go for one thing, and one thing only: All you can eat Masala Dosa Lunch Buffet.   I would even pay $12.95 not just the $8.95 they charge.
Being the broke ass designer that I am, I have to travel great distances to get the most bang for my $10. Jackson Diner fits the bill, weekends before 4 (call it the brunch special). If you're a beginner at Indian food, this is the place for you. They have a wide array of choices and the spices are platettable aka Americanized. Chicken tika/masala, samosas, curried cauliflower, fresh potato roti, sagg paneer (kind of a creamed spinach dish), just to name a few. Don't forget to save some $ for some mango lassi (mango/yogurt drink). At $10, it's one of the few buffets in the city where you can afford to be picky.
It feels excessive to even review this place, its reputation being so widely heralded in the NYC-area, but it affords me the opportunity to once again ponder the meal I had here. Taken by an all-knowing friend following a tour of the local jewelry shops (Indian gold...so yellow, so shiny), we had the buffet, which takes up a full wall and gave me that kid-in-a-candy-store simultaneous thrill and panic that comes when faced with this kind of abundance. And sure enough, all of my favorites were represented in the line-up that day: saag paneer, aloo gobi, a little chole action, crispy pakora, chicken tikka, lamb vindaloo, and surprisingly, amazing fresh-to-order dosas. For me, these were the highlight, and can be eaten in multiples due to their light, wheat-free demeanor and spicy, satisfying fillings. As is the case with really good Indian food, I experienced a feeling of euphoria after eating here, most likely from the use of fresh, quality spices (nutmeg? "Stirred into a glass of cold water, a penny matchbox full of nutmeg had the kick of three or four reefers" claimed Malcolm X). In fact, the food was good enough to make me numb to the fact that I was in a cafeteria-like environment and 45-minutes from home. Final rating: If this place was closer, I'd weigh 200 lbs.
I have had some good meals at Jackson Diner, and that was probably 5 years ago.  We usually go to Delhi Heights now..but last month, just for a change, we thought we would give Jackson Heights a try..Their food was tasteless, portions were smaller than usual, and service was OK.  We told them to make our food Spicy and the food came out all blahhh..there was absolutely no taste. I think Delhi Palace can make better food than Jackson Diner..I don't know what happened, maybe change in management but their food/service is not the same anymore but prices have surely gone up.
I absolutely love it.  Inexpensive buffet, and great Indian food.  I went during the week, so there wasn't much of a crowd, but they can definitely accomodate large groups.  Well worth the hype, w/an excellent selection of foods.  I was able to taste things I would never have ordered otherwise, and picked up a few new favorites.  It's a great place to grab lunch.  Try it.
i was told this place used to be known as the best indian food in nyc by indian food lovers and fellow foodies. after several visits, i think only the nan lives up the to the hype. the garlic nan is by far the best i've had. i've also tried the samosas, chicken with red curry and cream, the chicken with cashew nut curry, and the goat curry. all of which were just good but not the best. and definitely not worth a ride on the 7 train just for dinner here when there's just as good indian all over the city.
This place is too big and too loud.  It reminds me of my junior high school cafeteria. The food is okay at best, the service lousy and rushed.  There are much better choices in the area.
Maybe it's because we went for the lunch buffet, but it was decidedly mediocre and not worth a trek from Manhattan.  The food was good, but not great, although they were making fresh dosas which were tasty.  All in all I feel like you can get pretty much the same thing at your neighborhood Indian place (unless your neighborhood is Harlem like me sadly).
Their a-la-carte menu is better, I think, but their approximately $10 buffet can't be beat.  They have a dosa station to boot.Servers are friendly.
You really cannot go wrong with this Indian buffet, right in the middle of a really vibrant and cool Jackson Heights, Queens. The whole neighborhood and especially this restaurant is a great outing for any visitor or even Brooklyn/Manhattan-ite who doesn't know how much Queens has to offer. This lunch buffet is about 10 bucks and there's everything from awesome veggie options, tandoori chicken, good rice, sides, desserts, etc. You really won't believe the quality of the food and service for the price. Good atmosphere inside too.
Delicious beyond belief. You usually cannot find parking anywhere near the joint but other than that, this place is well worth the trip. The buffets are amazing (with a lot of choices.
I was delicious! I went today for lunch buffet, $10.95 ,cheap but delicious.  the Mango Lassi was thick, yum! Its my new favorite indian restaurant.
I usually stay in Manhattan when I'm in NYC, but I was looking to make visits to other burroughs last week and was excited about a trip to a supposedly great Indian place in Queens.  In contrast to the guidebooks and other reviews, I was not impressed by Jackson Diner.  The waitstaff was great and attentive.  But there was nothing spectacular about the atmosphere or food.  I admit I have not been to other establishments in Queens to compare, but I certainly will never again make the trek out to Queens for Jackson Diner.
good desi food; overpriced for jacksonheights standards
gets my vote for best indian food in town. forget the decor. just enjoy the food. i've tried many indian restaurants, but no place comes close to this one. don't forget to order mango lassi!
Very Yummi Indian food located in the heart of Queens! Just a block from the subway! There is a lunch buffet that is delicious, filled with everything under the sun, and it's really affordable ($10-i think), and great for sampling different dishes(meat and veg a like). They only take cash, good place for kids, families, and friends, crowded atmosphere, not good for intimate  or quiet dinners. I love this place! oh yeah Harrison Ford and Calista Flockhart have been sighted on the upper level.
Really it's a 3.5 but I'll round up. Solid buffet options that all are in the category of good-but-not-great. Rounding up because it was good enough that I ate myself sick. Had two and a half heaping plates full of goat curry, chicken makhani, and multiple veggie dishes with rice and fresh naan (brought directly to your table as you request it). Pretty much filled with self loathe and disgust for the rest of the day, and if that doesn't deserve four stars I don't know what does.
Disappointed in the food and the service These people have no respect for customers we will never come to this awful please ever again
I usually get takeout from this restaurant. This is just your average restaurant with average tasting Indian food. Its still one of the better Indian restaurants in Jackson Heights since the quality of Indian food has been going down hill in Jackson Heights. I have gotten Palak Paneer, Vegetable Korma, and Mutter Paneer from here and it all tasted alright. If you are in the area and are craving Indian food then you can give this place a shot. I don't think this place will disappoint you but I really doubt that this will be one the best Indian tasting food you will have.
Eh I wasn't too impressed with this place. Me and my friend came around 4 pm. The staff was bored out of their minds just wandering around. The waiter we got couldn't give any less fucks. I had to wave to get his attention. Twice. The food was just bleh. I'm accustomed to eating Indian cuisine. But this was just boring. The portions was huge. But for the price I paid, not worth our time. Everything kinda felt blah. Maybe the buffet is better.
Jackson Diner I probably will not return. Your food was decent but I had a few issues here. When we first sat at our table there was a fly in our pitcher of water. Which was pretty gross,so I politely asked for another pitcher.The lunch buffet was okay. My favorite thing was the chilly chicken, and rice pudding. Other than that, there was really nothing that I would come back for. The place was a little run down too.The bathroom was so filthy and I definitely judge a restaurant by that. The staff was very pleasant though.
One of my favorite Indian venues in Jackson Heights. The food and service have always been spectacular. I've been coming here for over 5 years and I have no complaints. The chicken tikka masala with some garlic naan and a mango lassi will leave you in good standing.
My dad and I came here hungry for an early dinner, and we ordered a LOT of food. Decided to start by sharing a samosa chaat while each having a mango lassi - all amazing. The lassi in particular tasted pretty darn close to how my mom makes it, while the chaat was made with a REALLY good and reasonably-sized samosa.Main course was an order of naan, an order of chicken tikka, and a goat curry (from their "curry specials" section). All were really well-seasoned, barring the fact that the tikka was slightly salty (it still was my favorite - it's that good).Now that was a LOT of food. Like a LOT. Thankfully we were able to pack it, and it was all reasonably priced in my opinion. Next time I find myself in Jackson Heights I will definitely stop by.
Tried their lunch buffet. Did not enjoy it at all.They do have a large selection but I did not find the quality of the food to be that great.The ambiance and the service was OK.
Just had lunch here with a friend. The place is huge very high ceilings. The bread, chicken, goat, and spicy chillis were phenomenol! Did I mention it's a buffet? 2 plates was enough to satisfy my cravings. I will be back soon for sure.
I wouldn't say this is the place to come to when you're craving authentic, Desi food; however it is a nice place to take your non Desi friends. The food is okay, nothing out of the ordinary. Food isn't spicy, even upon request.
Inexpensive, Indian Lunch Buffet. Overall, a very decent place for anyone to sample different curry dishes! My usual Indian Buffet spot in Jackson Heights. I am still not very impressed with the decor - dark lighting, old decor, and food court-feel to it. This is an Indian buffet - you start by grabbing a plate on the left side of the food area. You will see the Tandoor chicken and various of curry dishes. The Tandoor chicken was very dry as other Yelpers have already mentioned. The taste had a bit of spicy to it - flavorful and not too bad. The Naan and pilaf comes next. Both are very mediocre - a hit or miss sometimes. It can be the softest naan and the next one you grab is very dry. Decent quality. I would grab the non-burnt ones - more chances that they are fluffy and soft! What makes Jackson Diner stands out to me is the variety of curry. I love the Chicken Makhani curry best. It is the orangey-reddish curry with chicken. Creamy, rich, and flavorful - my favorite curry to dip my naan in. Sag Paneer is the dark green curry - I love that dark leafy green - spinach taste. They added little tofu cubes into it - although the little cubes have not fully absorbed the flavor of the curry. This curry was also creamy and thick that goes great with naan. Fish Curry was a special for Jackson Diner this weekend. The fish meat was covered with white flour to hold the mini filet together and then added in the curry - which was a golden brown color. This dish was very unique to me and tasted pretty good - a great alternative for the health conscience. Mango Lassi - mango pulp & yogurt was a sweet treat for us after my meal! A very refreshing drink after the spices you ate from the buffet - helps clear your palettes & cools you down. A must-order! There is barely any waiter service - they aren't very attentive. Should they have a cashier podium and for customers pay up front instead? Probably a better idea than trying hard to flag down one.
Love this place! First off they offer fresh dosas with the buffet. Not as good as mom's (could use more masala) but not bad. The channa, chaat, khir, fish curry, saag paneer were all delish and well seasoned. My favorite was the aloo gobhi (cauliflower). Yummmmm! If you can handle spicy food order a side of achar (spicy pickled veggies) which you can use as a condiment to spice things up.If you're going for a weekend brunch/lunch make sure to order a cup of masala chai too!I like that the food isn't too greasy. Which can sometimes happen at Indian restaurants. When you're done, meander the street and check out some of the other South Asian stores.
Good buffet lunch and great dinner options. Been in business for a long time and visited often.
Went here twice for Indian lunch buffet and their buffet choices was really delicious. It's a huge restaurant so when we came here we were only one who was eating here since we got to Jackson Dinner around 4pm. Everything in the buffet is really good and tasty, you can't really complain since the food is delicious. Definitely coming back here again
The best lunch buffet in the area for Indian food.  This is a no frills joint but they have attentive service, the buffet stations are quickly refilled, and waiters serve piping hot naan and it's included in the (reasonable) cost of the buffet.  The chicken tikka masala is great.  Also, the place is filled with Indian patrons, so that should tell you something.
Came here for dinner. My husband and I had a hard time picking out a place to eat and we are glad we came here. Prices are decent for a little upscale of place. As an AmericanI I felt comfortable and not to much out of my comfort zone here. (From Texas). Would definitely recommend!
So, I had come to Jackson Diner before. Didn't enjoy the food or the service. After a phone call from my cousin, the plan was to eat back at Jackson Diner. Not thrilled, I agreed. I'm happy I did. The service had turned around and the food was amazing. We ordered Naan, Fish Masala, Amristi Fish, Alu Gobhi, Lucha Naan, idly and kulcha naan. The only fail was the idly. Too small and the sambar and chutney were not at all good. Everything else was spot on. We all locked out plates clean. They have definitely redeemed themselves enough for me to come again.
The food is so delicious, the price is reasonable. Nice environment in the restaurant.
Being a fan of their buffet, I would have to say that I genuinely like this place.  The aroma of Indian herbs infuse into your hair and fabrics adorned which makes you recall your tasty experience even after you have left.  I remember wandering down the street hungry and unknowingly walked into this restaurant with friend.  I came here for the buffet which was decently priced.  I was disappointed that I could barely fit anymore after my first plate, but then I said it is still a very good deal especially, since I like Indian food and want to try it all.  I should mention that they also have cocktails which were mostly $10 and under.  Every time I arrive, there has not been a wait, and I find the service great.  Plus, it close to the train station which definitely matters if you are going in the freezing cold.  It is 17 degrees outside!  One thing I wished was that it was open later than 10:30 pm!
Something has changed. I have been coming here for years and it was always excellent. Today, the buffet changed to include Thai food. The wait staff, who was there for years are all gone, replaced by an all Asian staff, as opposed to South Asian. The food was also tasteless, awful. I will not be going back.
This place lives up to the hype. Spacious inside, good service and really good indian food. I left here happy and full from chicken tikka masala & garlic naan. Generous portion size & nice presentation.
For everyone who is new to Indian buffets, the best place to take them for an introduction would be the Jackson Diner. It's noob-friendly with great introductory selections like saag paneer, chicken makhani, and goat curry. You can also make your own chaat mix if you're up for it. - Goat curry has been stewing for a while.- Naan was constantly fresh and soft.- Don't try the Singapore fried rice. Not worth your time. - No Chicken Tikka Masala for the buffet. Interesting.- It's nice to have your own pitcher of water.
Found this place in Queens and was not disappointed. Service was very attentive and the food was hot and fast! Myself and my dining companions had a craving for good Indian and Jackson was exactly what we were looking for. If you go, order the yogurt and herb marinated tandoor roasted chicken. I can't remember the name of the dish, but it was some of the most tender chicken I've ever had.
Was here recently, and had a nice time.  Place is big, but was almost empty.  Although it did start getting busier as we left. The service was very good, and the waiter explained a lot of dishes to us (we were looking for a few different things. We started with the Chat Papri and Bhel Puri.  We saw "chickpeas" for the Chat, and were expecting that, but it was mostly the crisps covered in the white and red sauce. It was chilled, and okay.  But nothing to write home about.  The Bhel Puri was more interesting (also cold).  The rice flakes were crispy and the sauce was nice and flavorful.  It's a lot, so we took almost half of it home.Then we had chicken masala (ya gotta) and the Chicken Lajwab.  The server said Lajwab  means, "something that can't be defined".  Both main dishes were very good. I like my masala savory, thick and spicy, and it was all three.  Even better the next day.  The Lajwab was also very good, with strong fenugreek flavor.  Portions are very good size, as we took home almost half of everything, including the rice. I would go back with more people next time.
Where do I begin...My family and I have been picking up food from this restaurant since 1990 at least once a month. Since their move to today's location the prices have increased, however, the quality was maintained....until recently. Over the past 1 year the quality of the food has continued to decline and fairly rapidly in my humble opinion. Again, I'm OK with the price increases but quality MUST BE MAINTAINED to justify this. For example, we ordered a saag paneer 2 weeks ago and were shocked to see only 3 pieces of paneer! Ridiculous. Furthermore, the health grade is a B!!!! You must be kidding me. For a place that is considered a Jackson Heights  classic, their management has really gotten lazy.
The food is delicious and the price is $11.95 per person. All you can eat. The only thing is for gluten sensitivity people I don't recommend eating anything with curry & of course don't eat the naan.
Like others, I was concerned with the B grade from the Health Department. After looking at various competitors, we decided to give it a try especially since the restaurant has been running since 1983, surely a good sign.It was actually clean, the staff was helpful, polite. They did not mind us changing or order. Sitting by the window, it was lovely to appreciate the colorful scenery, asian fusion mixed with diverse crowd.We ordered Curry chicken (Korma) and Curry Goat (mild). My chicken was caress to my tongue, I could not get enough of the sauce, the rice was perfectly cooked. I was in heaven! My other half loved his tender Goat.It is reasonably priced and I will go back. Jackson Diner truly offers a culinary passage to India.
I finally found good aloo Gobi. It made my day. I ordered a lachcha paratha and they gave me some good basmati rice with it. My kids ordered fish masala that they loved. And NAAN that was good. We had a happy evening. Five stars for the food. Five stars for the service.
Yummy lunch buffet including a salad, protein, rice, spinach and nan bread.  I've been here at least 4 different times and each time the food was delicious!
For the fantastic reviews it has garnered, this place leaves A LOT to be desired. We ordered sweet lassi, keema naan, papdi chaat, bhelpuri, pani puri, and idli. While the lassi, papdi chaat, and idli were good at best, the rest of the food was a major disappointment. The pani for the pani Puri tasted nothing like it should, was sweet instead of tangy. The bhelpuri tasted like it was made out of plastic bits. One fourth of the keema naan had no meat, while the rest was pre cooked naan that had been opened up and inserted with mashed meat. While the food still had a few redeeming qualities, the service did not. On asking why the pani for the Puri was sweet, we were told that this is America and is the best they can do. This would have been a valid excuse had the restaurant not been situated in Jackson heights, amongst a gazillion South Asian stores selling authentic herbs and spices. Definitely not coming here again, or recommending to anyone else. Not a pleasant experience.
Came here about 4 times alreadyAbsolutely love their indian food :) It is dee lish !!Great buffet and many options
Their goat curry is growing on me.  The food is not spicy but you could add the green hot sauce for some heat.
Basically a large, nice cafeteria, albeit with a smaller buffet than the space would suggest. There are plenty of tables and they turn over quickly, at least at 2:30pm on a Saturday. The food, however, seemed to be running perennially low, to the consternation of many. About half of the buffet items ($12) were veg, and the other half non-veg. The pakoras were pretty good. Tandoori chicken was a little dry, and goat curry a little heavy. All in all, it was fine: not particularly memorable, but not bad, either.
I've been here for the weekend lunch buffet.Decent selection ... Couldn't get enough of ok their chicken tikka masala...Wait service was okay... A little slow...Prices are unbeatable for what you get... I'm planning on going back soon
Anytime I visit my brother in Jackson Heights, I hope he his in the mood for Jackson Diner. Everything I've ever had here is tip top.
Wow, how far the mighty have fallen. It used to be a place you know the food was above par and you can get a good value for what ordered. Food is not complex and just watery. I used to be able to get a consistent meal here, no wonder the local Indians are not here. They must know of a better place since this is not it. FYI, the mango lassi is $5!
I have been here several times for lunch with my co-workers. Keep in mind, I am only talking about the buffet aspect here.The buffet is simple. Sadly I came in here with the "Americanized" concept of buffet, so I expected more options. The rice was decently cooked. It definitely had a hint of flavor to it which made it enjoyable to eat. The tandori chicken was bland in my opinion. It felt more like a colorful piece of chicken, but no substance or flavor. The curry chicken was delightful. The chicken masama (probably spelled it wrong) was heaven omg.Its buffet, you cant expect top notch quality. But this definitely a good spot to try. You cannot beat the price.
I went to this restaurant last night for the first time and I must say, it was alright. It was my first time trying Indian Food. I am such a newbie to it all and I had to intake what was on the menu because I did not know what to order.The environment was warm and cozy. The second you enter, you can just smell the various spices and food being cook. They have a nice blend in warm colors and lighting all over. In addition, they have wonderful little statues being displayed. It is a big big place.Because I am New to the cuisine, off the back I am going to admit that what I ordered was delicious. I had the Tandoori mixed grill which contains various pieces of meat AND I ordered lemon rice for the first time. Oh my god! I wish I could eat lemon rice all The time. The flavor, spices and aroma was just phenomenal. Everything was great except for one tiny thing.... The waiters/waitress were lackadaisical and they were short staffed. I was with my date and although me and her both have a lot of patience, it took them a while to not only come to our table for us to give them our order BUT it was difficult to Even wave down someone to pick up our payment. That was a bit disappointing because for a big place like this, the workers on the floor got to be punctual especially since it was busy. I noticed the same thing was going on to this lovely newly wed Indian couple sitting next to us. Oh and the bathroom attentiveness needs to be address. Floors were dirty and there was no soap in the dispenser. Luckily I carry with my a mini portable liquid hand soap when I go out.
I see alot of people talking about the B grade which I could care less about. Having traveled to 3rd world countries in which ratings dont exist this was the least of my concern. Jackson diner was recommended to me by a co worker who swore this place had the best indian food in queens. I ordered my usual chicken tikka masala just to play it safe and while the food was really good, I wouldnt say this was the best indian food ive had in queens. The restaurant is very spacious and our waiter was excellent but I wasnt that impressed with the food and all the hype that came along with it.
We had some crazy tryptophan attack after eating here. Like, just crawled home and fell asleep immediately. Roofie'd tikka masala??!Jackson Diner is the name everyone knows for weekend Indian buffet in Jackson Heights. The former American diner was purchased over 30 years ago by an immigrant who decided not to change its name, even after his Indian restaurant became insanely popular and relocated down the block in the '90s. But in the last several years, Jackson Diner has fallen from its graces. Now it's like the oatmeal of Indian food... everything is predictable, easy to consume, and extremely mild. Weekend buffet is $10.95 and lasts 11:30am - 4:30pm (standard for the area): The tandoori chicken is a little dry. Aloo gobi is standard. Goat curry features very gristly goat. The naan looks greasy, flat, and not fresh made. Both the saag paneer and chicken makhani are creamy but bland. The chilli chicken (which I've seen all over Indian menus and had never tried) tasted like the worst parts of American Chinese takeout. There's a dosa station as well as a chaat station with papri, chickpeas, chutneys, etc.The interior is cavernous and dim, which makes it depressing during daylight hours. A small bar in the corner curiously has a TV facing inward, toward the bartender... because that's how dull you are to them. On the plus side, the huge seating area is great for large groups, and they're always busy on the weekends: high buffet turnover!It's shortsighted to judge the authenticity of a restaurant purely by its clientele, but I'm not surprised that barely anyone who eats here is South Asian. Still it's hard to be too grumpy about either Indian food or unlimited food, much less both together.
Pretty solid Indian restaurant, but left little to be desired. I really wanted to love it! Everything was good, but just good. I've definitely had better samosas and the paratha was great on my first visit and pretty rough on the second. What really brings my review down to 2 stars is the cleanliness though...I'm not surprised that they have a B from the Health Dept. The restroom is beyond disgusting. Probably the worst I have ever seen and the last thing you want to think about restaurant employees using. Looks like they never even wipe down the tables and chairs either. For mediocre food, its not worth the food borne illness risk.
Foods cheap and good. It's what you normally would expect from around that price range.
The food is mediocre. I came here with my teenage cousin and ate the lunch buffet. Since he's a teenager, I figured he would inhale everything in front of him but even he was pretty fickle. I can't remember everything we ate but the most distinct thing was the lamb. Normally, I'm not a fan of lamb however, this lamb was delicious, flavorful, and melted in my mouth. The nice thing is it's a very big space so there are plenty of tables. We went during lunch so it was pretty slow and we took our time. Not a bad price either.
Yummy food.... Mouthwatering food......I love their pickled onions n papad to start with... Their buffet is excellent...they cater to all so their food is mild but you can always dictate ur spicy level... Love their chicken tikka, chicken makhani, mutton , malai kofta, etc...
They have great malia kofta which are soft vegetable dumplings in a spicy creamy tomato sauce. I highly recommend this restaurant. And the buffet is good as well.
Consistently good. I've been coming here since the buffet was $6.95 (now it's 11.95).  Excellent saag. Never disappointed. For sweets, Maharaja Sweets around the corner on 37th Avenue is the best in NYC.
Jackson's Diner was a pretty good restaurant. I give it 4.5 stars but since yelp won't let me do that, it'll just stay at 5. A friend and I went because we couldn't find any other place and because our favorite foushka/pani poori place closed down and we found out that this place had it so we went. The service was pretty good, there were three people working there and since there were only two other people eating at the restaurant, we got super fast service. We ordered samosas first and they were great though I'd expected them to be filled with chickpeas and not green peas but it wasn't that bad. It was extremely flaky which made it even better       The next thing we had was the pani poori, which was super cold and on a cold night that tastes even worse. I'm part Bengali so I'm used to warm foushka but this one tasted closer to what I was looking for in a new foushka place. We had gotten two drinks( Thai iced tea and mango lassi, couldn't choose) and we were splitting them by putting them in cups. The mess we made would've gotten us kicked out in any other restaurant but we cleaned up afterwards so maybe that was a factor of why we weren't. All in all this place was pretty good. I could go on for ages about how the experience and food were but it's best if you try it and see for yourself why I give it 4.5 stars. Happy eating!!
Although Austin has a few delish Indian restaurants, (I'm looking at YOU, Bombay Bistro and Swad!) hubs and I were super excited about the Indian cuisine in NYC.  We saved the best for last, and had dinner at Jackson Diner this evening.  Lemme tell ya, 'twas worth the long subway ride there.We started with samosas and the Masala Dosa.  Goooood.  Then we shared Saag Paneer, Lamb Vindaloo and Tikka Masala with friends.  Also gooood.  It's been a while since we left and I am still so full I can barely stand it.  I guess I went overboard since it's my last night in NYC...Oh, I forgot to mention the Mango Martini!  Yum.  If you're drinking at din din I highly recommend it.
Look, if you're coming from another borough to Jackson Heights, do you want the place that everyone will know when you tell them about it at work on Monday? Or do you want the best food/experience? If you want the first, go to the Jackson Diner. If you want the latter go to virtually any other Indian place on 74th St.The service is not good, which is saying something at a place where you're probably eating from the buffet. It's ALWAYS crowded, ALWAYS loud, and the bathrooms are not pretty. The food is fine, and if you've never had Indian before, you'll probably think it's great. In fact, even if you eat India often, you'll probably think it's fine. But Jackson Heights is THE place for Indian food in NYC and there are places in the neighborhood that are truly spectacular. Why mess around?
This is probably one of the best Indian all-you-can-eat buffets in NYC, and a great bang for the buck.The food choices are basic (Tandoori chicken, chicken masala, saag, naan, basmati rice, etc.), but very tasty with items for meat lovers and vegetarians.If you come on the weekend, it's best to come a bit before noon.  The place is very popular (for very good reason), and you may find youself waiting for a while if you come later.Also, if you want to sit at a private, quiet place, this is not the place for you.  The place will get noisy (but not overly loud) and busy.  Chances are you and your group will share a table with another group.  This is not necessarily a bad thing.  A few times we have sat next to interesting people, both foreign tourists and native New Yorkers.Also, drinks are extra.  The mango lassis here are great and refreshing.
Recently went here the other week a small group of friends. I have wanted to go here for a long time. The food was good. We ate at the buffet. What I didn't appreciate is they added an 18% tip to our bill. I could understand for regular meals but for a buffet where we had to ask them several times for water, ask them several times for the check, even had to ask them for utensils. This really frustrated me.Because of this, they have lost me as a customer and will actively suggest people go somewhere else.
Me and the family finally stopped at Little India over the weekend.  After shopping we went to this place for dinner.    I have already known about this places reputation and was curious on how service was.  This place did not disappoint, the overall food was great from the nans, chicken tikka masala and other Indian dishes.  The best was my wife's experience. Prior to meeting me she worked in Bangalore a lot.  While in Bangalore she would order the Bell Puri which is a street vendor food.   This dish made her feel better after a hard day of work,  When she saw this dish offered in Jackson Diner we ordered it.   To me it was good, but to my wife not only was the dish good it reminded her of Bangalore and how comforting this dish made her feel.  Overall great experience.
$15 after tax and tip for some pretty decent grub.  By name alone, you would never guess that this place doles out some tasty Indian food.  Jackson Diner is located a stone's throw away from the Jackson Heights station with plenty of street parking for those who prefer to drive.  I have only been here for lunch on the weekends when they serve buffet.  There are usually 1 or 2 servers standing at the buffet stations making sure the trays are stocked full and kept clean.  The buffet items usually includes rice, naan, chicken tandoori, chicken tiki masala, a lamb curry, 3 or 4 vegetarian options, salad, rice pudding and a server making fresh dosa in the corner.While Indian cuisine is not my area of expertise, even my novice taste senses can detect that the food has been "watered" down for the American palate.  Whatever you may feel about this, you cannot deny that the meat is juicy and tender, the vegetables are fresh, and the bread buttery and hot.Jackson diner certainly does not serve the best Indian food I have ever eaten but they have one of the best buffet.  At $15 for all-you-can-eat, that, in my book, is a hit.
OMG!! I never had this kind of Indian food ever!!! so great!!!But, restroom was....not really clean....and inside of restaurant was very dark...that is why I am giving them 4 stars instead of 5 stars
Love the food, period. Fresh and consistent. Disclaimer: I have never eaten from the buffet -- only dinner from the menu, on site and delivery too. My issue with Jackson Diner, and mind you I've dined there many times, is that the waitstaff is exceedingly unfriendly. They lack warmth and even basic congeniality. I've had the pleasure of eating great Indian food prepared by Indian chefs around the world (including Geneva, Switzerland, which believe it or not has one of the best Indian restaurants one could hope to find), and I've never experienced such an indifferent, rather cold waitstaff as at Jackson Diner. On several occasions, during the rather standard NYC 8-9 dinner hour, the waitstaff displayed impatience and rushed us through our dinners as they clearly wanted to clean up and go home. Hours of operation are just that, my friends, and any good restaurant accommodates diners past closing time, within reason. The proprietors would do well to understand that an inclusive, welcoming and friendly ambiance is key to food service. Food is what brings people together, and though I continue to patronize JD, I eat the great food but rarely linger.
Since the buffet choices are now limited around JH. The JD is the big boy on the block. The food is tasty, affordable and service is polite and efficient. It is clean and so is the bathroom. Often at times it lacks the true spice and depth I expect as an Indian from Indian food, but its plenty of delicious food, never forcing me to just dig it and eat with my hand though. :-) The smaller buffets are usually cramped and sometimes a little dumpy and the bathroom at times overlooked.  JD didn't get a 5 star from me because I expect a little more zing from Indian food...use the Masala and ginger garlic paste, we love it.
Awesome, authentic Indian food. While I usually go to Edison, NJ for my Indian food fix, my parents and I decided to take a trip to Jackson Heights because we love Indian culture and exploring the outer boroughs. Jackson Diner is a huge restaurant in a lively neighborhood. Our server was awesome! He chatted with us like we were long time friends. He gave us recommendations not just about the menu but about the surrounding area. We ended up getting samosa chaat, chicken tikka, mango lassi, and a few varieties of curry. Everything was delicious and authentic for a very good price. Will return for sure, especially for the lunch buffet I keep hearing about!
I finally visited this place and it lived up to my expectations -  just an average place. The chole lacked the flavor, the batter used for dosa was not fermented enough. Tandoori chicken did not have the spicy kick to it. Goat curry was ok & chilli chicken was ok. There was just one dessert , kheer & it just did not have the right milk to rice to sugar  ratio & lacked the usual taste or condiments. I don't think I will be returning here. Always enjoyed visiting  Jackson heights for picking up groceries, Bangladeshi fish curries, Pakistani kebabs or Nepalese/Tibetan momos or Thalis.  For Indian buffets, I will stick with New Jersey.
* review is for my take-out order only*Jaimin S. and I ordered a papdi chaat and samosa chaat to go from Jackson Diner.   Out came our brown paper bag about 7 minutes later.  I was NOT expecting the portion sizes to be as big as they were.Samosa Chaat - nice and spicy.  Plenty of chutneys and chickpeas accompanied the samosa pieces.Papdi Chaat - cripsy wafers and flavorful/spicy chickpeas, just wanted more yogurt in the dish.
We enjoyed nearly every bite. The Tandoori chicken was so soft, it fell off the bone, the chicken Makhani, goat curry, and Chili Chicken Curry, ditto. The vegetable and noodles was a nod to the Asian customers, but was too salty and flavorless for us. The Sag Paneer was filled with yummy cheese pieces but the fried vegetables, and even the freshly-made dhosas were too potato-y for us. Yet, the chickpea salad, made for the fried vegetables was good enough to eat on its own.. The thick, green sauce (don't know the name) was herbaceous and good, as was the tamarind sauce, albeit sweet. Salad is fresh-looking, even the sour cream was chock filled with deep, thick flavor, and we all had seconds on the rice milk/pudding dessert that was filled with plump raisins. Newly cooked food is brought out often, and not left to sit idle and, therefore, lose its heat. Although this place fills up for lunch everyday, the buffet line moves fairly quickly, and the noise level is acceptable. Used plates are whisked off your table as soon as you finish (it is requested that you take a new, clean plate for each "visit" to the buffet line), yet our water pitcher remained empty after the first fill-up. Look up and check out the very contemporary architectural pieces and lighting hanging from the ceiling. The only major complaint we have is that the woman's bathroom is really, really dirty; floor tiles under the sink, bathroom stall walls and doors all need a deep cleaning and the toilet paper holder is held together with packing tape. Enjoy a handful of mukhwas at the end of your satisfying meal, if you still have room for it!
I have experience of eating in several places. I wanted to check this place and I saw its difficult to eat even less than moderately. I do not know exactly why but little bit food will compel you to feel that you are full. Buffet is to provide good food with reasonable price. I am not sure; but, if baking soda is used too much then it is not good for people who are having high blood pressure.
Food tasted stale at 1 PM on a buffet menu. I thought I had worse, but this proved me wrong.My waiter was nice and that's pretty much the only good thing I've experienced. My first and last time here.
It troubles me a little that Jackson Diner has had a B grade from the Health Department for so long. I'm pretty sure it's been years at this point. Good thing I'm not a germaphobe and won't let a health grade get in the way. If it ever drops down to C, though, then I might have to rethink it.I visit once every year or so and recommend it as a place to check out with a visitor to the city, or even to Manhattanites who never make it this deep into Queens. For me, it's up there with SriPraPhai (a Thai restaurant in Woodside) as one of those emblematic must-visit Queens restaurants, even if it perhaps has a somewhat larger reputation than it deserves. Like others are pointing out, it's perhaps not the absolute best Indian food you can get in the nabe, but the presentation is the best. It's certainly the best candidate of all the 74th Street restaurants for a first date, or a special family meal, or what have you. It has that intangible feeling of being an important place that you can't quite quantify.
This is an embarrassment to desi food. My friend and I ordered tandoori wings, samosa chaat, and vegetable pakoras. The pakoras came out first and its like they had just microwaved ones that were sitting from the buffet, absolutely horrendous. The samosa chaat came next, the samosa was good but they added onions and unseasoned chana to it which killed the chaat. The tandoori wings was the only gem about my meal but they weren't that spicy either. I would def go to Bombay Grill next door over this place.
One of my favorite Indian places in Queens. We keep missing the lunch buffet, but their Sag Paneer and Chicken Korma are particular favorites of mine off the regular menu. There are a lot of Indian restaurants in this area so I don't know how it compares head-to-head with all of them, but it definitely checks all my boxes.
If you're not familiar with Indian food go here get the buffet and fall in love! This place is an institution in Jackson Heights. Everything is consistently good, nothing is epic but for a variety of good dishes you've never had before this place can't be beat!
The most courteous and generous staff, serving authentic Indian Cuisine. Don't pretend you know better, talk to locals at neighboring tables or your server. The buffet is straight forward and the atmosphere and aroma complement the experience. The cardamon and anise mouth refresher at the end were a special touch. Bring a date, explore the markets across the street afterwards!
Food was horrible... I read all the reviews. I guess they were written by americans and none by indians. There was unpalatable food. As my late grand mother would say.... Unchi dookan feeka pakwan. It was totally holding true for jackson diner. We ordered different variety of dishes and all had one thing common which was lavk of taste. My masala dosa had the same aloo stuffing as the samosa i had. Just to be clear samosa is a punjabi dish and dosa is south indian... There is different way to prepare both stuffings. Nonethless only thing which i had there after wasting so much money on food was masala chai. Things we ordered were tandoori chicken... Burnt!, samosa stuffing issue,  masala dosa stuffing issue, chat papri was alright, pani poori, had sweetness overload unusal taste weird!. Beware of eating any chat their as i am suffering from sore throat as i write this review. I had high expectations which was shattered badly. If you are an indian and your taste buds are sensitive to spices like me this is not the restaurant for you. Not to forget it is on a lil pricier end.
This is my first here and my companion is pigging out. Wonderful ambiance and food. The servers a very nice and great. Enjoyed myself immensely.
I've heard about Jackson Diner for a couple of years but never got a chance to try their infamous buffet until today! The buffet is only from Monday to Friday from 11:30 to 4, virtually impossible for people who work normal working hours to make it.The inside of the restaurant is spacious but dark and very dated looking. The buffet consists of nan, rice, chickpeas and various curried meats and vegetables. I'd say a total of 10 selections so not too shabby! In addition to the main entrees, there is a separate bar for salad, sauces, chips and a dessert, which happened to be Kheer today (Indian rice pudding). I was VERY satisfied with my meal here, all of the curries had a lot of meat (I've been to Indian buffets where it was all sauce) and the chefs kept refilling emptying trays every half an hour or so. For a buffet, the food tasted great and on point! Every curry dish had a distinctive flavor that differed from all the others.Service was standard, the waiters are attentive to the customers. For the quality of the food and the selection it is 100% worth the 10.95 per person. I can't wait to come back on another day I can get out of work before 4pm!
Food is ok, not bad. But our server was not as friendly as should be. When I was ordering , he seemed like he's getting annoyed. I been there before and i have gotten better service then today. This was the first time I came with my friends. They also felt the waiter was not friendly at all.
I'm not an expert about Indian food and I also don't like spicy food at all.... but my Indian friend really wanted me to try the food so she brought me here.  It wasn't too spicy and it was a good introduction to Indian food.  The naan was awesome, delicious, and warm.  I think my favorite besides the naan was the chicken in a buttery tomato sauce.We went for the lunch buffet on a Saturday so there were a lot of options.  This is a good spot for trying Indian food and my Indian friend told me it's also one of her favorite places.
I love a buffet! But I am just learning about Indian cuisine.I was on a time constraint the first time that I came here for a business meeting. I loved the food and service, but I had to eat and run.I kept this place in the back of my mind as a place to return to.Thankfully, the opportunity arose for another meeting at Jackson Diner. I can't pretend to explain/translate the variety of fresh India food options. I only know that  it's the best place, for what they do, in the area.
As many others have probably stated, Jackson Diner used to be a normal American-style diner and then was taken over by new peeps (who I think we can assume are Indian) and they kept the name. I'll admit, Indian is not my forte nor do I know really anything about it. Rarely do I ever say "hey I want Indian food"... but my friends organized a Saturday lunch here this past weekend and I thought, why not? I'm glad they did!Again, Indian food = NOT my thing. Still, I enjoyed all of the food the AYCE buffet had to offer. And for about $11 a person, I thought it was a great deal. Yes I only had one plate of food, but that plate was packed with everything they had. It was great trying old things and new things. Naan, Tandoori Chicken, green stuff, curry, orange stuff, goat stew, more green stuff, etc. Special shout out to the Tandoori Chicken which was very juicy and flavorful as well as to the high rotation rate of dishes!Bottom line, the Jackson Diner will give you a good Indian food bang for your buck.
I was a little disappointed in their dinner menu. My aloo gobi wad good but the tofu curry wad really bland. The mushroom appetizer was amazing, though. I Will come back here for the lunch buffet
Best Paneer makhani in New York City.Excellent food. Portions very healthy.one of my favorite Indian restaurants.
This is one of the Indian restaurants in Lil India whose mahkani is not a redressed tikka masala.  The prices have gone up here over the past few years but the food as been consistent.  A lot of the curries are beautifully spiced (as long as you're there at least an hour or so after the buffet lunch ends).  If you are looking for a good lunch buffet, walk around the corner to Mehfil.One thing I always end up getting at this "mod diner" is the kashmiri kebab.. which is not found in the surrounding area.  Juicy chicken cooked with eggs, saffron, and an array of other spices served to you on a sizzling plate over a bed of onions and lemon.  If you haven't tried it... you must.  AND.. they now accept credit cards!
Absolutely delicious and authentic food. Very nice staff and great location. Going with a mix of vegetarians and meat lovers, everyone has plenty of options. Highly recommended!
This is the first time I  ordered off the menu at the Jackson Diner.  I've only ever been there for the lunch buffet.  Fortunately there were 3 of us so we could order enough for there to be a variety for the table.  The service was fast and courteous and the food was hot and flavorful.  There is nothing fancy here, but it is as good as a home cooked Indian meal. While the buffet provides you with more choices and is a better deal, if you are in the mood for Indian food, at affordable prices, this is the place.
I normally don't write wrong but this place is not worth of 11+ buffet. They had jus a desert option rice pudding.. Huh..Tandoori chicken is kind of colored chicken without any taste...overall bad experience and will never go to again.
We've been hearing about The Jackson Diner for years and finally made it there! $11.95 for a delicious Indian Lunch buffet - yes, please!The food was good and they have an array of choices from sag paneer to tandoori chicken. They have a few choices of beer and most are between $5 and $6! They also have a made to order scallion pancake station which looked yummy (we realized it too late and will enjoy next time).We left filled to the brim and happy. The chickpea soup was to die for - dipped a little naan in it.One thing to note, it's not the best area for parking so if you plan on driving give yourself some extra time to circle the neighborhood a few times.
Hmmm , how do I say that this is not Indian food at its best , oh I said it , I understand the concept of tuning the cuisine a bit for local taste buds , but if you tune it down so much that it looses its integrity then I don't see a point , the colours look familiar but the taste not so much , the food was so bland I was left wondering if it was Indian cuisine , the place looked fine , but the service was disappointing , the waiters looked like they were being forced to work on New Year's Day (or are they like that the whole year , I don't know ) and were very impersonal to the point of being rude , I wouldn't suggest it to any one there are loads of restaurants around would suggest you to try something else
Recently I stopped here around 1 pm on a weekday. Buffet was nearly as I remembered from months ago: nothing new or remarkable in terms of taste or variety. I experienced the same tandoori vegetables, goat curry, chana, saag paneer, Bavarian Korma, and kheer as before. However, this time they put out some ENORMOUS tandoori chicken legs and thighs! The thigh I chose proved marvelously tender.Service was decent and noise level wasn't too loud; then again, this was on a late weekday lunch.All in all, the value is acceptable but far from exceptional. I don't see reason to go out of my way to eat here or bring people when better value can be found on Lexington Ave in Manhattan.
Great food, service could be better (we ARE IN AMERICA where one works for their tips and your TAKE HOME PAY depends on how well you attend to the table...) I say this b/c we had to ask to order drinks, we had to have our water refilled and the overall attitude of the waiters was "so what". Now, the Manager was GREAT!!! Note to staff, cheer up! Waiting tables CAN BE A LUCRATIVE JOB!!!
Absolutely, without any shadow of a doubt, the best Indian food I have ever had and I love Indian food.  I'm originally from the UK, where Indian food is arguably as popular, if not more popular, than fish and chips.  The chicken Tikka Masala here is Tandori chicken and it's absolutely amazing.  That's my dish of choice if I go there in the evening.  Most of the time, I will go there in the afternoon and enjoy the buffet.  Staff is always friendly and attentive.  This is my restaurant of choice if friends ask me where I want to go for my birthday, despite it being their treat and I could choose somewhere way far more expensive.
My boyfriend and I love coming to this restaurant on the regular. The ambiance is simple and very spacious. The staff is very friendly and attentive. We usually order veggie samosas as an appetizer, chicken curry (comes with rice) as the main course and a order of garlic naan. The papadum they give in beginning is very crispy and thin with a touch of salt that comes with 2 sauces, one spicy and a sweet one which are amazing and very good in flavor. The chicken curry is in a light green sauce which brings nice tender pieces of chicken breast that fall apart. The garlic naan is toasty but soft at the same time with an incredible balanced taste of garlic. I sometimes order the chicken tikka Malala medium which is also wonderful. It's in a thicker coconuty sauce with an amazing flavor. Very tasty amazing food, good staff and a good restaurant. I highly recommend.
It's been a few years since I've had the buffet at Jackson. Last time I had it was as college student and remember loving it, maybe it was because I was a hungry college student. Food was average at best for buffet, decent selection though but felt all the food was lacking in flavor and spice. I'm also Indian myself so maybe I have a higher standard for Indian food but even this was too Americanized and bland for your "average Joe." Staff is also very subpar, don't think I saw a single person smile while I was there. Next time I'll let my fond memories of Jackson Diner stay just that, a memory.
Don't let the name fool you, this place has pretty authentic Indian food with good balance of spiciness.We started out with mango lassi- was good with fresh mangos. We got the Kasmiri Kebab and the Lamb Roganjosh. The Kasmiri Kebab came out sizzling hot and a whole lot bigger than we expected. We were expecting small chunks of chicken on a stick. Instead, we were pleasantly surprised to see this huge slab of chicken. It was not spicy and had a good outer layer of the egg and it had a good mix of dark and white meat. Because of the thickness of the chicken, it was a littler dry.The Lamb was succulent and moist and a good spiciness to it as well as in the curry itself. Also they give you big chunks of lamb in the dish. At the two dishes and naan were a lot for the two of us. So i would suggest splitting plates amongst a group.Overall good size for the food.  The restaurant is big enough for lots of seating and was not packed when we dined on a Friday evening. We were surprised at the $$ if our bill. But looking back, for the amount of food we got it was understandable but still a bump in our wallets. We thought service was pretty good- our waiter was the when we needed anything and the food came out pretty quickly.
The food and the presentation of the food was all really beautiful.The prices are really very reasonable as well.But with 2 very glaring negatives1- one of the waiters gave our group some attitude because we didn't want the buffet and wanted to actually order from the menu. No real problems from there though, and I've never had problems on visits here before, so it's all good. Service from then on was spot on and quick.2(and a big one)- some of the chicken in the saag and the tikka masala wasn't clean and had much more fat than I'd like :X eww!
Been coming here for years, but their lunch buffet has sharply declined in the last few months. (Could it be the competitor next store closing?)The last time there, they no longer had the dosa station open and the buffet pickings had gotten noticibly slimmer. I'll give it one more chance - hoping they'll bounce back -  but if not, will take this place out of the lunch/dinner rotation.
Large and relatively inexpensive, it ALMOST lives up to its reputation. It's also very loud and just about any of the other area restaurants will have better food and a nicer eating environment. Ultimately, I prefer Delhi Heights or Indian Taj for buffet restaurants, and we're also partial to Samudra, the vegetarian restaurant on 37th Ave.
My husband and I came here for dinner after hearing from friends over the years about how great the food was. We left dumbfounded as to why this restaurant even remains open when it is surrounded by so many other Indian restaurants. The first red flag was when we saw that it had a B health rating while every other restaurant in the vicinity had an A, but we went in anyway because of the good reputation we thought it had. It was 8:00 pm on a Saturday night and it's a big place which was almost empty. The atmosphere was dingy and dark. We were still thinking that the food must be good. We started with a "crepe with vegetables on top" from Southern India. It tasted awful and had no vegetables-just sauce. I ordered tandoori chicken and my husband ordered tandoori salmon and we also ordered rice and roti as nothing is             included with the dishes. Bland tandoori, bland rice and bland roti. Bland Indian food! It was actually the worst Indian food I have ever eaten. I was thinking of getting Chai tea at the end if the meal and there were various desserts on the menu but the waitress just put the check down on the table when we were finished and didn't ask whether we wanted anything else or how the food was, so that was that. Disappointed to say the least. Will never go back.
Even though its prices have gone up and its food choices down in the last 10 years, I still can't help but come back once in a while because it was the first Indian buffet I had ever gone to. It was the gateway Indian buffet that led to all the other Indian buffets I've ever had. Not to sound dramatic, but Jackson Diner was the reason Indian food still exists in my food and I'm so glad it does. Recently I discovered that they have chai tea too. "Something to drink? Mango lassi?" would be the only thing the waiters ever said to me so I had come to think that lassi was the onlly drink they offered. Anyway, the tea was nice. The buffet quality isn't as great as it used to be either, but I'm still satisfied with the staples -the tandoori chicken, the palak paneer, the naan. oh the naan. I believe they still have a dosa making station but it happened not to be available the last time I went about a month ago. From what I remember, their dosas fill you up to a regretable point...regretful that your stomach can't hold any more naan that your mouth still desires.
After my interview with Y))), my girlfriend and I decided to celebrate the opportunity with a pig out session! We decided to try Jackson Diner. To your left is the buffet section, to the tight right is the check in area. Another couple followed us in so we were all squished as we were waiting to get a booth.As soon as we get our coats off, we start our preparation by rolling up our sleeves. I am ready to try everything. I want to know how all the dishes taste like. Of course, I have a soft stop for butter chicken, chana masala, samosas, and naan (Mostly, the starches!) I'm bad company when it comes to eating as much as you can. By the end of the first place, I am already content. I enjoyed the chicken and goat dishes.The problem with Jackson Diner is their lack of intensity. All their dishes are not hot. The seasoning is very subtle and uneventful. I never experienced pure joy while eating any of their dishes. To be clear, I would suggest it to friends and family. I think Jackson Diner is a good start to an Indian Food Connoisseur's journey towards palate paradise.
The big draw to Jackson Heights is undoubtedly the Indian buffets and of course Jackson Diner is the "famous" one on this street.  The best part about this restaurant is it's in probably the most massive space on the block.  They have plenty of tables, lots of space between them, and they have a pretty good selection of food.  What sets this place apart I think from the other one's I've been to is the fact they make the dosas right there for you!  Think omelette station Indian style!  The food they had out pretty tasty although not up to the heat levels that I would prefer, definitely toned down for the uninitiated perhaps.  I enjoyed their tandoori chicken quite a bit since it was flavorful and oh so juicy.  My favorite part of the buffet was the ability to make my own papri chaat.  Damn do I love that stuff, it's so incredibly simple, so flavorful and complex, and since you're mixing it up on your own you can tailor it to suit your taste.  Jackson Diner is probably one of the more expensive places but a good place to come in and have a meal.
Went here twice with a group of 4 for saturday lunch and liked it both the times. The place isn't the cleanest, but its very good for Jackson Heights standard. I never had a problem getting a table here and the staffs are very nice and responsive. For $10.95, they have a wide selection of meat and vegetables in their buffet. My vegeterian family had no rooms to complain. My favorite from their saturday lunch is the dosa station. They make fresh mini dosas right in front of you. You can either get the plain ones or the potato stuffed ones. I prefer the plain. They serve it with hot sambar which is equally delicious. Only complain I have is, the tandoori chicken wasn't warm enough. It would have tasted much better warm than cold. Don't forget to try their hot masala chai.
Disregard prior review.  I inadvertently reviewed wrong restaurant. I meant to review Jax Inn
I cannot wait to come back to this place! The food was very authentic and tasty. The restaurant was surprisingly roomy and not crowded for lunch ($10) on a Sunday. - Lunch Buffet - self serve- Drinks cost extra, I asked the server if the drinks were included, he said yes.... they obviously were not- Tables and floor  are a little dirty but doesn't take away from the overall experience- Can't beat the price and variety
This place was great 10 years ago.  Every year since then, I give it a shot to see if they can redeem themselves and I am disappointed.  This place is the poster child for the saying "jack of all trades, master of none"...they don't do any one thing really well.  I don't think I have ever had a really satisfying meal here.  The problem is a lot of non-indians who do eat here, don't know any better, and so give it high marks.
I must agree with commenter Johnson B in regards to the 18% tip.  We all ordered the buffet and a few drinks.  We didn't run him nor was it extremely busy at the time of our visit.  As a matter of fact the waiter was eating his breakfast/lunch at the same time we were dining.  18% recommended tip for a buffet is outrageous and aside from a reasonably priced well tasting meal that I had to get up and get myself this was a right turn off.  Sorry Jackson I am for real!
Being an Indian, I have tasted real good Indian food. Have tried plenty of places around manhattan and queens... Nothing seemed even close to satisfactory. Everything tasted like a delusion of Indian taste but not really Indian. Food here was delicious and flavorful and not to forget, fresh.... Loved it... Definitely recommend to those who wanna taste real Indian food.
Just a mediocre Indian place with probably the worst chili chicken I have ever eaten. The chicken curry was OK, nothing special but decent enough. The worst service ever, maybe because it was a Friday night. No one bothered to take our order for 30 min :|
I have been eating at Jackson Diner for about 15 years since their original small location. I have since moved and still travel there to have a meal every so often. The food is always good and never disappoints. The service is not always the best but it is far from terrible by any means. The food always seems fresh and full of flavor. I still think this place is the best around.
I didn't have much an expectation for another Indian buffet after dropping in at Indian Taj a couple of weeks back. I wasn't sure I wanted to trek through the area just to have an "okay for the price" meal on what turned out to be one of the coldest days yet since summer has left us and my mind was more along the lines of Korean Kalbi and pork belly. Holy deliciousness that is their fish curry. I went for 3 rounds at this place and I left extremely happy to have agreed. Their chicken was so rich in flavor and while I was expecting dry chicken, I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Their servers don't remember anything you ask for, but it's a self serve buffet anyway. Based on solely the meal, it's a solid 4 star. Today anyway.
WARNING: Worst Indian restaurant  experience I have been to, to date. I suggest you take your money elsewhere!My Review:My guess is that most all of us food lovers may have had this embarrassing experience happen to them. You have a friend you are taking out to dinner to dine at a restaurant that serves a  cuisine that is new to them, that you believe they will really enjoy. Unfortunately the experience winds up being a complete flop.First the food fiasco:Samosa were overly crispy and close to burnt rather than properly fried, small portion so the dumpling shell overshadowed the peas and potatoes.The Hummus and Garlic Naan was probably the high point of the evening's dishes which says something as it is a basic appetizer. The hummus was, in my opinion not made in house and served in a 2 oz cheap metal ramekin which went poorly with the Naan. The hot garlic atop the warm bread with cold jarred hummus just did not work well together. The Garlic Naan was overall a nice starter, if served by itself. The Service:Our stubby and very disinterested server asked me if I wanted to order our entree a total of two minutes after I ordered the appetizers. It appeared this bulbous headed little individual was seeming looking to bail out of work early on his shift for the evening's food service. In no way was this about to sway my desire to have our meals come out of the kitchen, timed to normal appetizer/ entree staggering.To perhaps make a 'point' whatever the point he thought he was making was, when I was ready to order and signaled him, his eyes remained fixed on some pointless toil behind a counter taller than he, maybe it was a stack of yellow pages. Even after he was verbally instructed to attend our table our Indian Napoleon server still did not seem to have any desire to move with any level swiftness. The other food runners were smiling, friendly and enjoyable to deal with. where they dug this guy up from I care little to know. After placing the food incorrectly, I asked if it was typical for the Goat Vindaloo to be served ground up like chopped meat as opposed to on the bone. He looked me all glassy eyed and nodded as if to say yes. Wrong answer, you mixed up the meals, because you did not know the difference and tried to explain your way out. I really take exception to servers not knowing most everything about their menu. Take some pride in your job and learn the damn menu.The other order, Kheema Matar, which on the web site shows $11.95 was actually $14,00 (in all fairness the menu did state the correct price) and was terrible. Minced Lamb? What part did they mince? The ears, nose and tail?  Hey, throw some under cooked peas on top and serve it up. Yuuck..The Manager:After witnessing the exchanges the manager came up to inquire about the meal. When I expressed in a soft tone my dissatisfaction, he calmly smiled and blamed the server error(sss) on a "simple misunderstanding". In my restaurant you can bet I would have comped a drink or two and show legitimate concern for my customers, not brush their feelings off like crumbs left on a table.CONCLUSION RESTATED:Worst Indian restaurant I have been to to date, I suggest you take your money elsewhere.
People complain too much. If you're going to an all you can eat buffet you should really be in for an all day thing. If you're going to bitch about having to wait on line for a dosa or be turned off at there being no dishes or an empty dish from time to time than this place isn't for you. If you're signing up for an authentic Indian hall type experience then I recommend coming here.I called in advance because my daughter and her boyfriend are vegan and they were VERY accommodating. They even prepared them a separate mustard greens and bread without milk. Was every dish out of this world? No but nothing was bad and there was something for everyoneThey give you a pitcher of water which is great and as soon as we finished it someone was refilling ! I overheard that the owner was not in today and that the restaurant was running less smooth than usual and I'm still rating it 5 stars. What I would like to see in the future is a simple request. Better and more chutney $60 four people including tip?Not to mention happy eaters.
This place used to be amazing once upon a time. When they were a small location. I feel like they cster to the non-Indians. Their customer service staff seems really unorganized and confused. I wonder if the one in Bellerose is better? Try to call ur waiter, he will look away. Food took horribly long to come out and that too was cold
I am ecstatic to have the Jackson Diner so close to where I live and work. I've loved the one up in Queens for years, but having one in downtown Manhattan is a dream come true. It's our version of comfort food.The chicken korma and sag chana or sag paneer make a killer combination. We also like the tandoori chicken. We'll go to the restaurant, where the service is always attentive, or we'll order for delivery. It's usually enough for two of us to have dinner with leftovers for lunch the next day for one of us (me).  :)The lunch buffet is a treat too, as it's all you can eat. If you're on Weight Watchers, save all your points because your mouth will want to keep on eating. And leave some room for the rice pudding at the end. It's a refreshing and gentle way to end your meal.
This place is definitely a good place to visit when you're craving some indian food.  My friend told me about the AYCE buffet and said it was worth a try, so we went on a saturday morning for brunch.  We got there around 11 ish, and the place was slowly getting filled, I believe the restaurant itself was a diner before, the decor and the bar is still in use.  There is a second level, but I don't believe that is in use.  They have a pretty good selection of indian food, goat curry, naan bread, samosas, dosa, etc.  The goat curry was awesome, there was no gamey taste to the meat, I'm not great at eating spicy food, but all the food had the right amount of spiciness to it and was not overpowering.  The tandoori chicken was moist and tender, definitely one of the best I've had in a long time.  They also have some sweets on a separate table, I wasn't very adventurous that day so I didn't try.  The naan was a little bit different than I've had at other Indian restaurants. It was more chewy and dense than airy and fluffy, but it was still a great tool to sop up all the sauces.  There is a waiter that makes the dosa fresh, and it's stuffed with potatoes and peas.  It's very very yummy!Everything was super delicious and from the crowd, I think they would agree.  I would like to try their lassi also.  Can't wait to return!!
awesome food. Even though there wasn't a lot of varieties it was still worth it for 10.95. Everything was fresh and yummy. Customer service was awesome. I will totally come back here
Well, if you are in Jackson heights, be sure to try the buffet. The food are delicious and the price only $11, make sure try the lamb curry, best I've had around
I've been here four or five times with family and friends. The dining area is not what you come here for, very large and cold, high ceiling and not much decor to admire and look at. It kind of feels like eating at a train station or something like that. I give this Indian style diner 4 stars for the food alone. All my meals here have been good, excellent vegetable dishes. The price is good, the quality is good, the food tastes fresh. The service is fast enough even when it's busy in the restaurant. Jackson Diner might not live up to all the hype about it but overall the dishes maintain a good level of standard.Final advice: Go to the bathroom at home before you come here, the restrooms are small, not a pleasant visit, always very dirty and feels like it hasn't been cleaned for days.
Ever since moving to LA I have craved and missed good Indian food.  Nowadays that's even more impossible to find.  We came here for dinner at the insistence of my friend.  This place is so the Indian restaurant that caters to white folks craving that authentic experience.  Chicken Korma curry and naan were both good but lacked a certain flavor.  Maybe check them out for the lunch buffet.
*please read my previous reviews now since this is an update* I've been going to Jackson Diner for a long long time.  It was the first Indian buffet i went to i believe.  The fact that I could get TASTY Indian on the cheap was so great that I ignored the scuzzy bathroom as it was trivial to the enjoyment of the food they served!But as I explored the other Indian buffets, I began to notice:1.  the TASTY levels were dropping as it was no longer delicious2.  samosas are rarely available on weekends anymore3.  their huge tray of pre-made naan is sad compared to the fresh naan at other places (Delhi Heights....Mehfil...)4.  not many surprises here as they serve the same things over and overSo today my brother wanted Indian and he had to go to Jackson Diner.  I tried to talk him out of it, but he wouldn't budge.  We arrived at 11:30 and wound up eating the usual:1.  chicken mahkni: watery and bland 2.  tandoori chicken: not many onions to add flavor to the chicken3.  tandoori vegetables: I'm beginning to think they're over-seasoned and burned way too much. 4.  goat curry: bland and watery5.  naan: soggy and blandWe went very early and quality should have been at its peak.  Instead it wound up being quite sad =*( .  Even worse was when i saw a baby roach crawling at the edge of the table.  That was the final straw because i don't feel like eating a roach, with a roach, or bringing a roach back to my place....I'M NOT GOING BACK NO MORE~!!!  There's so many other buffets where the chefs try to surprise you with new items and provide fresh bread.  Jackson Diner has  become like a food court instead of the full fledged restaurant it once was...
Stopped in here last night as I was working in the area.Presented with a crisp naan with the menus. Nice.Had the Chicken Masala with a garlic naan. Awesome. Lots of tasty chicken smothered in the Masala sauce, perfect with the garlic naan. Also had a virgin Diwan Punch. Good stuff.
When most people say they are going to take you for Indian food in Jackson Heights, it is likely that this is the place you are going.  This grand space has been a staple for a couple of decades and has been serving a great buffet and an a la carte menu.  Many people attest to the greatness.  I think the food is good, very traditional and lacking in creative vegetarian dishes (that being said, the dal makhani is the best I have ever had).However, for the more bold, I would take a few steps down the street to Indian Taj and enjoy the buffet, ambiance and rolling out full.  Enjoy.
This is one of our favorite Indian restaurants. We always order the Chicken tikka masala and naan. We almost always order it as take out because the men who work there are a bit creepy and they will make passes at you or look at you like you're a piece of meat. CREEPY and weird. Yummy food though- just get it to go as we do otherwise enjoy the ambience as much as you can- just look out for the creepy waiters. ;0)Street parking is terrible in this area.
I've been going to this neighborhood restaurant for many years now.  When it first opened, the decor looked fresh and non-intrusive yet interesting to look at. The dining space is very big and is pretty noisy when it gets a little crowded.Unfortunately, they have not changed any of the decor since they first opened here.  That's over 30 years ago.  I think it's time.  I've never had their buffet, so I cannot comment on it.  I've only come here for dinner.  The food here is good.  My favorite is their Chicken Korma with nice pieces of chicken smothered in their creamy korma sauce.  Love soaking up the sauce with nan.  Having said that, I have to be honest and say that the overall quality of their food has dropped quite a bit.  The freshness of their proteins are hit or miss.  I've been served Tandoori Prawns where the prawns were clearly not fresh and mushy. The same has been true with their salmon and sometimes the chicken.  I would say, it's not the norm, but even if it's once out of 6 times, it's not good.The biggest problem I've notice is that of the waiter service.  Even though you may get seated quickly, the time it takes for a waiter to come over can be very long.  Then getting the check is also another long wait.  There definitely are less waiters then they used to have in the past.  The recent B grade from the Health Department also is another minus in this one time top Indian restaurant in Queens.
This is the kind of place that makes me love NYC.  $9.99 for lunch all you can eat and it attracts a true mix of new yorkers.  The indian food is good, not great but certainly worst in NYC.  It is next to Patel Brothers (the best Indian/ Asian supermarket) and it has a ton of variety.  There is a lot to choose from and I saw people go back 3-4 times. Everything was fresh and spiced well and I loved that my mouth was not on fire!  I think it would be a great place to go to try Indian foods and really hone in on what you like.  There was a also a great variety of vegetarian/ non- veg items.
Apparently, this place used to be quite legendary but has gone downhill in recent years. No matter. We were starving and they have a cheap lunch buffet.I got the tandoori chicken, saag paneer, chicken masala, goat curry and kheer. Nothing was done extraordinarily well, but it wasn't the worst Indian I've ever had either. I think the saag paneer, my favorite vegetarian dish, was a letdown with the spinach being almost paste-like. The goat curry was quite good and the kheer was thicker than at other places.Points for attentive, friendly service.
This use to be a really good restaurant. Again used too...All the Jagat ratings and review are old. i Recently went there twice and the food and service is terrible. The service was always terrible, but now even the food sucks...you are better of going to Delhi Palace across the street...THERE IS A RESON YOU DONT SEE INDIAN PEOPLE IN THIS RESTAURANT?
The food isn't tasty at all .. My brother and my brother is usually isn't a picky eater he loves food but even he didn't enjoy the food .. It's very poor quality food ... Wouldn't recommend it waste of money and time ..
I wanted to like this place, I really did!  I live in Brooklyn, yet traveled thousand of miles to Queens for a Friday dinner to meet my friends who live in QueensThe food was buffet grade...service was buffet grade...price was buffet grade...Mango Lassi was great...Portion was great... I may sound like a picky neat freak for this comment: the pink water pitcher looked...not so pretty nor clean...
Come hungry! The roti was sooo good and buttery and the chicken tikka masala was great. Well worth the cost!
Jackson Diner is our favorite Indian restaurant.  The food is consistently warm, delicious, and the dishes are not too creamy or oily. Portions are ample, as are the drinks. They have a large mango lassi that is delicious. They have a fast and friendly wait staff, we are never rushed, we always get a good table because we are regulars, and the maître D is happy to accommodate by making food that is off the menu.  The lamb samosas are as excellent as the vegetarian.   All the dishes are authentic.   I miss the food when traveling and can't wait to enjoy a spice dinner.
2 stars for cleanliness; good food. This is pretty much my go-to Indian place in queens, I love the food! I've been down with a cold the past few days and decided I needed some good Indian comfort food, so I headed to Jackson diner. Enjoying my second plate from the buffet with fresh naan, I just happened to look up and see in the doorway their rating from the health department--C!! GROSS!! After that I couldn't stomach it, I just paid and left. They'd had less than stellar ratings in the past, but this was a new low!
Came here for lunch one day. The lunch special is I think is like $8. I forgot. The food is great here. I haven't had north indian food in so long and my favorite is rice chicken tikka and naan and it was good. Could've been a little more spicy but that's ok. The samosa was eh. I didnt like it much. Just had no flavor. If you come during lunch for the buffet there's not really any interaction with the waiters but whatever. Overall I would come here again
I was there with my family for lunch buffet. There's a good selection of indian food to choose from. The ambiance of the seating area is quite nice. This since venue caters to mostly non-desi crowd, the food wasn't too hot or spicy. It's not as authentic as other restaurants in the area but it's a great place to bring non-desi friends whom are interested in trying Indian food. The seating area and waiter service made it a good place.
I have no idea where my long detailed review from last year disappeared to?! My first time here was a magical experience, and I had one of the best meals of my life. As I have explored the menu at bit more, I am sometimes left a bit disappointed, it may not be possible to live up to the expectations of that initial experience. The one dish that is always amazing here is the Malai Kofta, veggie & cheese balls in a creamy spicy curry sauce. It is consistently good,and I haven't had it better anywhere else. It's even my meat-eating bf's favorite dish here! (The menu describes it as having a mild curry sauce, but it actually has quite a kick of spice, so if you can't handle the heat make sure to request it less spicy. Personally, I LOVE the spiciness!) Jackson Diner is known for its lunch buffet, but I suggest coming in for dinner just for this. It is well worth it. The portions are large and the food is heavy, so you will definitely leave full and satisfied. I love the variety of vegetarian dishes here, but they also have plenty of meaty options. The restaurant space is large and open, and does not have the typical feel of an Indian restaurant, but it is very clean and functional. All the food is fresh and very home-made. Mango Lassi's - Good. Samosas - Large & Good. Naan - DeliciousGarlic Naan - More DeliciousMasala Dosa - DELICIOUSMalai Kofta - ORDER THIS. Dal & Raita - come with most entrees, Simple & good. Paratha - Ehh. I'd stay stick with regular flour ones over the Whole Wheat ones. Personally, I would just order the Dosas instead, because they are more buttery and have the best flaky texture.Sag Paneer - Ok. The spinach sauce lacks the creaminess and spiciness I am used to and the cheese always seems overcooked or dry to me. I might just not be a fan of the type of cheese they use. I love the Saag Paneer at Masala in Woodside, yelp.com/biz/masala-indi….Chloe Peshawari - Good if you love whole chickpeas. I like a little more variety and flavor than this. Ice Cream - Ick. Really funky texture and flavor. AVOID.
Jackson Diner is the restaurant that put Jackson Heights on the map and a great gateway Indian restaurant. The buffet is $10.95 per person on the weekends and well worth it. Tandoori chicken, veggie pakora, goat curry, saag paneer, etc., theres something for everyone. Fill your belly and you don't have to eat for the rest of the day! Yummy!
The service was HORRIBLE since we stepped into the door. I was first being ignore for about a minute until someone came to greet me. After I asked politely for a table for two, the server pointed at a table and yelled, "you two, go to table 14." They kept  being rude for the whole time until when we were paying the bill.The food was ok. It was lacking of flavor comparing to its neighboring Indian restaurants from Northern Blvd. Nothing can really stand out from this neighborhood. The meal was about $35 for 2 people. Totally not worth it...
Attended a wedding upstairs here recently, and though the food was very good, the decor and carpeting are in dire need of improvement. There is much that can be done here to improve it's presence and can generate a lot more private parties if it does so. Wait staff was incredibly nice, constantly checking on us to see if we needed anything.
Came here for dinner because of the amount of reviews. If I can give a separate rating for the waiters I would give them a 5. They are great. Friendly and welcoming. The food on the other hand is not so great. It is actually horrible. The naan was bad and greasy. How do you screw up naan?!?! I would definitely not come back ever. Maybe its because I've been spoiled from Indian restaurants from long island but it's night and day. Bathrooms are disgusting!!If you can make it out to the island be sure to do yourself a favor and have Indian there.
Come early evening...you're a star and get great service.Authentic as in if you can handle heat go for medium spicy, its more like normal places HOT.  Next time I think I'll go for mild spicy.   The food was delicious.
I've been here for both lunch and dinner.  Can't say anything has changed much over the years.  Food is consistently decent but suffers a bit due to the buffet setting.  Last time I want there were masala dosas which were made to order and absolutely fantastic.  A decent choice on a street where there's a lot of competition serving the same kind of food.
This is a banquet-style Indian restaurant with a cavernous interior (both in size and lighting). In the early afternoon, only a hint of foggy light filtered through the dirty glass storefront. Tabletops appeared to be cleaned with the bare swipe of a sweaty towel. With poor acoustics and neglected upkeep, do not expect any sense of intimacy or comfort.I hoped to find something redeeming in the food, but the lunch buffet offered modest options (7 entrees total, 4 for vegetarian diners). Though the restaurant's seats were mostly filled during my weekend visit, the "hot bar" received little attention from staff, barely warmed and vanishing too quickly as each diner made a pass. A cook finally delivered naan to the buffet during the last 5 minutes of my meal. I strained the saag paneer just to find a few morsels of buried cheese, which had hardened into dry, dense blocks. I made an attempt to eat the grilled vegetables, but this dish also showed signs of being exhaustively picked-over: the remaining pieces of broccoli and onion were so mercilessly burned that I could only taste bitter char. The raita had an odd consistency and flavor reminiscent of sour cream.While the food was largely disappointing, there was fortunately a competent cook preparing made-to-order dosas on the buffet line. The "crepe" was crisp, airy, and beautiful. The filling, a mixture of potatoes and masala seasoning, was the only hot thing I had eaten off the buffet.  At the end of the meal, I ordered a masala chai. I received a cup of hot, brown-ish milk that lacked any hint of spice. Regrettably, I could have ordered a corn-syrup-y chai from Starbucks and had a better experience.With an $11 price, the lunch buffet is cheaper than almost any single entrée from the menu, but it also suffers from serious flaws in both quantity and quality. Not worth a second try. The only way the buffet could be worthwhile is if you stick to the dosas.
I have been going here for about 9 years now amazing food,  but service sucks some of the waiters are rude , i had asked to have my food packed and the waiter comes out to get the check and i ask weres my food? He says im sorry we must have givin it to some one else by accident who also asked for there food to be packed , well isnt that great the reason i dont stop going is cause the foods amazing .
ALL YOU CAN EAT INDIAN FOODS! I was taken here to have lunch buffet with my brother. It was his treat because he didn't attend my graduation so he treated me foods instead. Thanks Bro!  Um.. back to the foods. Its lit. Curry styles of lamb and beef stew and over chickens was Delicious. On the other hand, the naan with tamarind sauce was woohoo~ I have an orgasm while eating it. Felt like I was floating in clouds enjoying that moment. Hmm.. mhmmm. If I didn't remember it wrong, it was $11.95 per person. where on earth can you have all you can eat lunch buffet from 11:30 through 4:30pm. Services are great. They are friendly with refilling waters and NAANs. Anything that served in this restaurant during the lunch buffet are yummy. I'm not a big fan with lambs. But the way they marinate the meat into a stew, oh emm gee, it was amazing! Would come back with a friend to try this and also hopefully, I can come back to try their cuisines for dinner. =D
A disappointment or maybe not since it seems more corporate than authentic. That should be the warning in itself. Be warned-at best fair food for excessive prices. Nice ambience but large as a hangar so that nice ambience gets dwarfed. Heck, even the diet coke disappointing.
My girlfriend and I come here regularly. We absolutely love it! A very large space with high ceilings. Simple decor with dim lighting. The entire place is filled with aromas of Indian spices. The staff are attentive and friendly. We never wait for seating, and we are tended to immediately. Once you order, you receive a pitcher of water and the papadum and the sauces. The spicy one is bright and refreshing, contrasting perfectly with the sweetness of the other sauce. We love the vegetable samosas! The marriage of the spices and the veggies is perfect, and it's never greasy. It's rich, yet simultaneously goes down very easy. My regular order is the chicken curry. I make efforts to avoid speaking in extremes, but this is the BEST Indian curry I have ever had. Rich, creamy, generously spicy with great quality chunks of boneless chicken that falls apart. The garlic naan is fantastic! It has a soft fermented sweetness from the tandoor oven that quality naans have. Prices are also fair. I absolutely love this place! Extremely underrated on yelp!
