Went there last afternoon with a friend, the service was good. My friend had the chicken biryani and chiken tikka kathi roll- she liked those. I had the pav bhaji, shev puri, vada pav, and paneer kathi roll. The pav bhaji was all right, it lacked its typical vibrant red texture and it also tasted a little off, but it wasn't bad. The shev puri was sub-par. They served it in a pani puri's puri which was a bummer, since shev puri generally takes a flat, crunchy puri. This puri wasn't crunchy at all. The filling inside was very meager. They also added yogurt to it which was strange, because shev puri doesn't take yogurt. The vada pav was good, but lacked the green (spicy) chutney. The paneer kathi roll was delicious. The paneer was soft and the filling was well cooked. 4/5 solely for the kathi rolls. The prices are decent for NYC. TL;DR: Kathi rolls are amazing, most other things are all right. Not very overpriced.
The Kathi rolls here are pretty decent. I've tried a couple of different ones, lamb being my fav. I like the fact that you can add eggs and spinach to the rolls. This is more of a fast food Indian spot. My husband tried the chicken tikka and said it was too creamy compared to other Indian restaurants we've tried.
Awesome food, affordable prices and great staff. Check out this place for a savory Indian meal. Highly recommend.
Best drunk food in the neighborhood. The kathi rolls are just delicious and you can get them gluten free if you order with chickpea paratha. The service is really fast and everyone who works here is so nice. You can order until late at night to eat in, take out or delivery so this makes this restaurant the best drunk food venue!
Food is tasty. Wish deliver very had been faster, but it was fresh and hot even after the wait. The lamb Bhuna roti is a nice small meal option.
Same great food but, more space to eat, close to the park, great location.  My daughter loves the samosas.  She get the Chicken Tikka, I get the a Lamb Bhuna. The rolls are tasty but, I prefer the larger wrap.  The sauces are great for dipping and adding extra flavor.  They have salads as well.  I have been eating at the Lexington location for a few years.  The staff and owner are very friendly and care about their customers.  Give them a try you will not be disappointed.
So I used to come here because the chicken tikka masala is good. It's a bit too pricey for the small size, but it's yummy and close.Tonight I came in after work. There were two large groups. One was sitting down and just opening their beers and hadn't received their food, so clearly they wouldn't be done in the next 10 mins. A group of about five was in front of me, and they also ordered beers and opened them right before I got to the counter. Mind you, I ran here to make it in by 10:45 so I could give them time to order (though I had no idea this was policy, but just out of respect for other late-night workers), meaning I was obviously sweaty and the same color as the tikka masala sauce. The woman took about 8 minutes with this group's order, even though they had begun before I walked in. When I get to the counter to order, she tells me they can't make chicken tikka masala because it's too late. I ask when I needed to order by, and she said 10:45. It was 10:51. I told her I was here at that time and had to run to make it, but the group in front of me had taken so long. She still refused. She said I could order anything else, but I can't eat wraps or rice because of a certain diet plan. Her overall demeanor was rude. I get that they want to close, but based on the huge amount of very settled people who were just about to begin beers, there was no way they were closing at 11:00. Hell, the reason I know the times was because I was trying to make it in time for them, but to deny someone who had waited in line that long and arrived on time is just bad business
I would give this place a -5 if I could. I got the vada pav and shev puri. Please note I have eaten these in India and other countries and by no means had similar expectations. In fact I was expecting a good attempt. But this was the WORST attempt (if you can even call it at an attempt). 1. Vada Pav: the bread was stale and seems like they took the last few drops of the chutney left in a jar and attempted to spread it on.2. Shev Puri: oh where do I begin with this. This is truly an insult to Chaat. The puris were completely stale, the potatoes smelled and tasted FUNKY, the chutneys again were really a teaspoon dollop. Any true Chaat place would laugh at this. You should give your customers the right portions for chutneys and yogurt!!!!! I'm sure they are trying to make money by asking their customers to pay for more chutney and yogurt. Also I actually took a bite of this, working with what was given, and spat it out and tossed it in the garbage. IT WAS THAT BAD! Not edible at all. Waste of my time and money. I will never get food (if that's what you want to call it) from here ever again and would NEVER recommend this place.
Really awesome modern take on some classics.  It's affordable and the food is actually tasty !! Take it from an Indian !  The biryani both chicken and lamb were on point !
CAUTION: Found a STAPLE inside my food!!!!!I ordered a chicken bryani plate to go last week. I was in the middle of enjoying my food when I bit on something very hard. To my surprise, I pulled a METAL staple out of my mouth. I called the restaurant and spoke to the manager. She assured me that she would contact me the next day and there would be a free replacement for me. Didn't hear from her the next day. When I called back, her employee said she was out sick. Never heard from her again.....
They seem to have improved their customer service. I went back, and the customer service was much much better. Please keep it up. Always be generous with your customers. Give little extras whenever you can, and customers will in turn repay you many times over with repeat business.Business 101: Never be stingy with customers. Give more to get more.
Service is ok at best, overpriced and all the rolls taste the same (if you can identify them). They have a 2 for $10 deal posted at the counter that for some reason is never applicable. Could be so much better.
So happy to have a good Indian Restaurant in Alphabet City and the owner/staff couldn't be nicer. I spent some time talking with the owner, Pria, and she is so proud, passionate, thoughtful, and excited about her food and offering.  PLUS they have so GLUTEN FREE options.A warm welcome to the neighborhood - I've eaten there three times since I discovered it a week ago.
I ordered on seamless and it took a ridiculous amount of time for it to get to me - over an hour. The food was decent but probably could have been better if the food was hot..... Mango lassi was thick and definitely not watered down, which I enjoyed very much.
Please ignore Grace H and her ignorant review. I'm from India, where the national food is also coincidentally Indian food. The food at Desi Galli is fresh, flavorful and truly authentic. And incredibly cheap, as street food should be.
Food is good. However they are slow. To be fair, they are making each dish when you order, not just spooning already cooked stuff from a warming tray over already cooked rice, Curry-in-a-Hurry style. Still, when you're walking up to a register to order you really want food to come right out while you're there, not be told to sit down and twiddle your thumbs for 15 minutes waiting in a nearly empty place. I mean if San Loco and Xian Famous Food can knock the stuff right out with way more customers, why can't this place? Need to check out the Murray Hill original to see if they're more of a factory there, but I just won't come to this one on B much because the wait is so tedious even though the food is good and solid value.
The service is slow and horrible.  The food is extremely disappointing as well.  Stay away, a lot of better places
Great selection of vegetarian and gluten free small appetizers that are delicious and filling. Everything has a nice bite so no need to request to make it more spicy. I will miss this joint when I move but will come still from time to time. Will not disappoint!
Great food, friendly and fast service. I used to work in an Indian street food restaurant and I'm so happy to have a spot to get pavs near my work! And the chai is nice and spicy!
Food is cooked fresh to order. I got a kathi roll, yellow dal, and naan, served with chutney and cilantro sauce. even the rice was surprisingly fresh and fluffy. huge improvement over those awful places on 6th street. one thing: I don't particularly care for incense, which was burning when I first came in.
My favorite Indian restaurant! I order usually once a week and this week my order was too spicy, I called them and asked if they did something different and immediately sent me another less spicy order! Fabulous place. Great service and really great food.
I ordered what the owner recommended and loved it. I got the chicken korma and the lamb Bhuna. So yummy! The owners couldn't be nicer . What a amazing addition to Ave B .
Absolute garbage.  Rudest service imaginable.  I asked to change my order 10 seconds after I placed it and the woman at the counter coldly told me it was too late.   What I ended up with was a barely edible pile of caustic carbs.  AVOID.
Came here for dinner at the weekend, my NYC friends hadn't been either soit was new to all of us. The place is pretty small and well..the young woman at the desk wasn't very helpful... language barriers.... the food however, was delicious. We had the chicken kathi rolls, shrimp biriyani and chicken tikka masala.
Seriously delicious food and lovely staff that doesn't mind explaining what's in the different dishes.  I used to order from the other location and am thrilled they are in my neighborhood now.  The portions are generous and it's not expensive.  They also deliver very quickly and have a seriously charming delivery person.
I visited this evening for the first time and am delighted such a unique spot has landed in my hood (Alphabet City).  I met and spoke with the owner, who couldn't have been kinder and more professional.  I ordered the Chicken Korma wrap with Mint Chutney, the Mango Lassi, and Gulab Jamun, all of which were spot on with the delivery and freshness of ingredients. The flavors and tastes carried the perfect symmetry of spice and sweet.  After I ordered and took in the surroundings, it was obvious a lot of pride and thought was taken into account with decor, ambience and customer service, which drew me in further overall to what I assume is the equivalent of having authentic Indian Street cuisine in a industrial, urban space.  Perhaps what I like most about this place is the departure from the ubiquitous chain of pizza joints and the welcoming feel from staff as you walk in.  Please give this destination a chance and you will not be sorry.  I am definitely returning soon.
Haven't had food this good since I had street food in the mother land. The chicken tikka masala is A1.
0 stars. We walked by and noticed Desi was open on Friday and we were so excited about the gluten free Piratha. It was horrible. The curry dishes and chicken tikka dishes are so TINY and cost upward of 9.99. The chicken is terrible quality. Some of the chicken wasn't edible. The tikka sauce tasted like it was made with bad heavy cream. The Kati rolls were so dry and just not good. I found a giant, long hair in my roll. Ugh never again. Bummer because we were so excited!
