I really like brick lane although it is a bit on the pricey side. The curries are very well spiced and flavored along with good veggies and meats. The naan bread is also very nice and hot when it arrives. The most recent time I came here we tried the fried cauliflower appetizer and it was delicious. The sauce was just amazing and it was crispy too. Could not get enough of it. I also love how they give you more rice as soon as you finish the first bowl. The downside of the rice is that it is made with cream so if you are vegan or sensitive to lactose like me, watch out. Otherwise it is very tasty rice.I would recommend coming here for the lunch when it is a bit more affordable but if you don't mind spending about 25 per person for dinner then it's a good spot that's open late to boot. The decor is really cool too.
Came here a few months ago for dinner when we were in the area. Now that I've finally decided to participate in yelping I'm so happy to leave this review! The owner seated us and asked if we had any experience with the cuisine which we had not, he took the time to go over the general items on the menu and explained further anything we seemed interested in. It was my first time eating Indian cuisine and I was so thrilled by it! The flavors were absolutely amazing. Will definitely be back to this place for another date night!
Brick Lane is the neighborhood Indian spot most neighborhoods can only dream of. It's a tiny place, but it feels cozy instead of cramped, in large part because of the clean, breezy decor and abundant natural light - a far cry from the heavy tablecloths and musty tapestries most small Indian restaurants still cling to. And the food is great. The menu manages to be both wide-ranging and concise, with options to satisfy most palates. It's nothing ground-breaking, and neither particularly regional nor perfectly authentic, but it always hits the spot.
Ordered the Chicken Bhuna, Chicken Madras, Garlic Naan, and Aloo Samosa. I strongly suggest checking the website for the menu prior to ordering through grubhub/seamless, etc as their sites don't have the full menu listed. For example, I really wanted goat and it wasn't listed as an option on Grubhub.Samosa - the filling inside did not leave me satisfied as it was definitely missing something. In fact, the samosa filling I make tastes better (Sorry Brick Lane)!Garlic naan was good, but a little too much garlic. The Chicken bhuna was great and so was the Chicken Madras. The Madras had a unique taste which I liked a lot, except there were MAYBE 4 baby pieces of cubed chicken in both dishes. Now, I'm all about the gravy but that is just wrong for an Indian restaurant who classifies themselves as upscale. Also, authentic Indian dishes use chicken with the bone in as to have more flavor vs. dry chicken breast. Americanizing a dish for their appeal - I disagree with. Food came automatically with Tamarind chutney, Coriander chutney, and papad. Papad wasn't overdone and the chutneys were yummy. Giving 3 stars but will definitely try the dine in experience next time.
Ordered a lunch special to go, which was about $12. The lunch special came in a large divided container, which contained rice, the curry of your choice (I got chicken tikka masala), and vegetable of the day. They also give you some naan and a small container of dessert. The tikka masala was very watery and lacked flavor. They served it with the tiniest 3 pieces of chicken I've ever seen. I also didn't care for the rice, which was very broken and dry. The vegetable of they day, whatever it was, was ok. The naan that came with it was a HUGE piece of naan, but it wasn't charred or warm. Just one giant squishy piece of bread. Didn't try the dessert because it just looked unappetizing. Overall, I'd skip this if you're looking for good Indian food, unless you're like really really desperate.. then maybe?
Best Indian food I've had in the area, and better than most I've had in NYC. Definitely quality ingredients. Expensive, yes, but worth it IMHO.
Out of my experiences with Indian cuisine, Brick Lane Curry House is the most friendliest menu for most amateur diners for Indian food.The menu is very straight forward with their prompt 'heat rating' for the newcomers as I was, but the quality of food is out of this world.  The service is very attentive to what you want/need and it's BYOB -- can't go wrong with that!
My friend recommended  this place, I have to say  it's  small and quaint, the staff is super kind and helpful,The food was delicious, we had a variety  from paneer  to lamb.Needless  to say whenever  I'm in the area...Ill be stopping byThanks for a great experience.
Living in the UK until 2010, I've eaten a ton of Indian food, and Brick Lane is right up there in quality of food, as well as being a nice place to be of an evening. The chicken tikka masala was perfect, and we loved the wide choice of Naan.Our group found the portion sizes were just right, and whilst not as huge as some places, certainly not stingy. The prices seemed very much in line with the quality of food to us.Really glad we found this place & we'll be looking forward to more visits
Clean and casual Indian restaurant that's very popular in Montclair. This restaurant is always crowded and the seats are limited so be prepared to wait. The food is delicious and authentic but it's pricier than other typical Indian restaurants, with each curry price ranging around $20-23. Most tables are for 2-4 ppl, so not recommended for a large group.
I was so excited to find out that there is a brick lane in Montclair. Amazing food and excellent service!
We visited this place on Sept 1st for a special occasion. We live at a drive of 40 minutes and zeroed in on this place based on recommendations but unfortunately were not impressed to say the least. The place is a hole in the wall place with minimal place to sit. We were a party of four and our table was cramped up with the arrival of drinks and appetisers itself. The appetisers were absolutely overpriced and the taste was unworthy of the price. The sauce of their lasuni gobi tasted absolutely like ketchup and we had trouble finishing it off amongst four absolute foodies. Overpriced shrimp was not good and Keema samosa was sort of okay (in comparison with other dishes I would say, which is a very low par comparison).Now I understand their phaal curry is not supposed to be known for its taste, but we weren't expecting an absolute mix of chilly paste in plain water as well (that's how it felt like). Probably people don't finish it because of the taste and not because of the hotness. Chicken vindaloo tasted like chicken sautéed in tomato purée (trust my instincts I am a foodie and so were the rest three!). The rest of the gravies too were unappetising to swallow and we left most of the food in the restaurant as we bade our goodbyes with very unsatisfied and absolutely sad faces and lighter wallets. Not coming back here and wouldn't recommend it.
Food: I ordered the Lamb Saab (my favorite Indian dish). They did a good job on the dish overall but I wished it was a bit more creamy. Everything else I ordered was extremely flavorful without the super spicy.Price: The price is where I expected it to be. It came out to be around $28 per person. Decor: It's a small shop. There wasn't many people there that day but if it was busy I would of felt cramped. Parking & Finding the Place: I didn't drive there but there seems to be some street parking.
So good! Had a craving for Indian food and this was the recommendation. A little further out from Montclair's downtown but still in a good area. The shop was small and not too busy for an early dinner on the weekend. We got the veggie samosas, lamb saag, chicken biryani, garlic and toasted sesame naan, and lamb chops. Everything was SO delicious! Samosas were pretty big, we split each between two people and the chutneys they came with them were perfect. The lamb saag was flavorful with decent chunks of lamb in it. The naan was really tasty, especially a fan of the garlic naan. Chicken biryani was a quality rice dish with the perfect amount of nuts/raisins/meat/spices distributed through it and came with a delicious yogurt sauce. The lamb chops were also incredibly tasty, but quite expensive for only 4 pieces. I really liked the sauce that came with it and kept having that with my naan. Price and service was decent. Got quality Indian food at a reasonable price and enough food for some leftovers. Definitely recommended if you want a curry and naan fix.
One of the really good indian food in the area. Love the tandoori chicken, saag paneer.
This place is fantastic!! I basically licked my bowl of chicken tikka Marsala clean. Best naan bread I've ever had, hands down. Huge lunch portions, very good deal!
My favorite place to go for curry in Montclair. Brick Lane, you never disappoint! I have only ever been here for lunch, as it is $11.99 for your curry of choice: tikka masala, bhuna, madras, vindaloo.. With choice of meat (chicken/lamb/veg). It also comes with a huge bowl of rice, a yellow lentil curry, and a vegetable curry. Naan comes with your meal as well. Dessert is also included, and even of you are not a fan of rice pudding I can guarantee you you will lick the whole bowl clean, it's fantastic. The cute decor and cozy atmosphere is the icing on the cake. Service is attentive, quick, and polite (perhaps a little more so bc they know how often we come here). I just love everything about this place, and I will be returning again and again.
This is a quiet little place in upper montclair. All the food we tried was flavorful and well prepared. However, the food is overpriced for the quantity served. We ordered the paneer tikka appetizer and lamb bhuna. The paneer tikka appetizer was a measly 5 piece on a big sizzling pan covered up with lots of lettuce. Although it was tasty, I feel its a rip off. They charge 5$ for one tandoori roti which is scandalous imo. On the day we went, they had a lamb shank special which was perfectly cooked. Also, the phaal curry sauce is not spicy. Its just a marketing gimmick. I tried the phaal curry sauce and it wasnt flavorful at all. Bottom line: good food but overpriced.
My husband and I came here for dinner for my birthday on Tuesday. It was surprisingly busy considering that it was early in the week and the first snowy night of winter.I had the meat sizzler which was really very tasty. The lamb was particularly good, as was the chicken. All of the meat was tender and the portions were generous. I was surprised by some of the prior reviews that commented on the small portions. My husband had the Imli Ki Champe (lamb chops), and we shared an order of the yellow lentils which were creamy and delicious. We also had an order of the rosemary naan. They had other interesting choices as well such as basil, which I would like to try on my next visit. My husband also had a mango lassi, which was one of the better ones he ever had.Service was pretty good. They were very attentive to my food allergies, which is particularly challenging with Indian food but they dutifully ensured that we were able to have an event free evening. My only complaint is that after 20 minutes, we had to ask for our beverages again. Perhaps they thought we wanted them with our meal? Otherwise, service was attentive and we really enjoyed the food.  They also appear to have a busy take out business.
Really good Indian food, not too spicy. They have a new lunch buffet till 4 PM, 8 different food+rice pudding and chai latte. 14.95$/person.
Great food. Lunch special is a good deal - main course, veg, lentils, and dessert - I don't like rice pudding, but theirs is delicious.Downsides: parking is horrible - metered street parking, and not much of it; restaurant is small, and they don't take reservations.That said, still my favorite place for Indian food in NJ.
Food here is great. The chicken Goan is my favorite. The rice pudding is my absolute favorite. I cannot wait to go back.
Love this place, I go there almost every weekend for my Indian fix. The staff is very attentive and the food is great. I haven't found one dish I haven't liked. Highly recommended.
The restaurant is tucked in a nice quaint town in NJ.  It's a small restaurant, where the food is packed with great flavor and taste.  The only flaw I had with the restaurant was the prices, it was a bit high for what we are used to.The decor had a nice modern ambiance, which was comfy.  The service was immaculate for a small quaint restaurant.  The Malai Kofta, chicken tikka and mutter paneer are very tasty and delicious.I will come back to this restaurant as long as I am within the area.
Came in at a little after 5pm on a Thursday night, which was probably the best time to come if you enjoy a calm and quiet dinner (like I do!) - started filling up pretty rapidly by the time we left! I'd hate to see this place on a weekend night, but I can see what the attraction is for everyone.Really lovely curry. Probably the best North Indian food the husbo and I have had in the states thus far. I had a particular craving for rasam over rice today, and they did not disappoint. Even the husband enjoyed it, and he doesn't even like rasam. The restaurant is much, much smaller than I anticipated - even after looking at pictures from their website. The prices are also a bit high to really make it a regular spot for dinner (although the lunch specials and to-go boxes seem like a pretty good deal for another time). The waiters are friendly and just the right amount of attentive. They even dimmed the lights and brought out candles for the tables once the sun went down, which was pretty neat. Definitely will be coming back for the occasional fancy Indian treat.
I was very pleased with the food and service. The waiters are knowledgeable and can recommend great dishes. The mango lassi is good, especially if you like sweet treats. The food has just the right spice and is not heavy at all. Most of all, when you wrap up to go, they give you fresh rice! As for the location, parking can be an issue but you'll find comfort in knowing that the wait to be seated is very short. It's my go to Indian spot when I am in the mood for Indian food.
I am so glad that i went here for my birthday dinner. The food was awesome. We ordered a veg biriyani, malai kofta, paneer khulcha and kheer. Every item was perfect especially the malai kofta .... The service was quick. Though the food is little expensive but its worth every penny as the portions too are equally big.
Amazing Indian food.  Really.  Really complex, fresh flavors.  Perfectly seasoned, well balanced.I can't wait to go back and try more dishes.Also, the breads were fantastic.  When you go, be sure to try the parathas (sp?) -- a whole wheat bread that will rock your world.Two things you should know before going: 1) the prices are fairly steep.  Expect at least $20/person2) this place is fairly tiny.  Even on a Monday night, every single one of the 30-ish seats was filled.  I think they have lunch specials, worth checking out.
Excellent foodAs an indian cook myself. It was superbEspecially the malai. Kofta. And SomosaLoved it all
Awesome! Finally good indian in Montclair.11/19/11After my second visit last night, I would like to point out that if you ever do go to eat here and they offer you the seat next to the door, wait until the next table becomes available. There were way too many people waiting and basically sitting on our backs and leaning against our table because they had no where else to wait. As I realize it is a small place, it is no excuse for a lack of manners. I feel that the restaurant staff should have stepped in and possibly moved these people. My opinion.. Otherwise, again I will say, food was amazing and that is really what matters most.
Great place.  Delicious indian food.  Upon opening the door, you'll likely notice a line.  But when you open the door, this place will entice your sense of smell enough to make you forget about that.
Went here for dinner last night (Sunday) and it was a relatively quiet evening. The Vindaloo (lamb) was FANTASTIC. One of the best I've had outside of India. We asked for it very spicy, and they certainly did not disappoint. Would go back just to eat that again.We also ordered a chicken butter masala, which was very good (not spicy) and a Goan paneer. I was not a huge fan of the Goan, it was a little bit sour; just not quite my style. Not to say it wasn't well prepared...A word of warning, if you order a garlic kulcha naan, you better like garlic. I do, so I loved it. But it's got a LOT of garlic on/in it. Also, don't order one of these if you're on a date...As a lover of utterly spicy food, I had to try the Phall (their self-proclaimed "excruciatingly spicy" curry). My uncle is friends with one of the people that works there, so he requested a sample of just the curry (no meat). I'm not sure this is special treatment or not, but they brought me about a shot glass sized serving of it. It was probably one of the spiciest things I've eaten in a while, but to be honest I didn't enjoy it that much. Not because I was suffering too much, but it was just a different type of spicy. It had a very hard "kick" right at the beginning, rather than most spicy food which gets you sort of afterwards. I saw someone describe it as "chemical burn" and that's sort of a good way to put it... though in not the most appetizing words. I probably wouldn't order the Phall; the Vidaloo had much better flavor, and if you ask them to make it really spicy it certainly won't be too mild for you.
INCREDIBLY disappointed with this place.  As a vegan, I get very excited to learn that a restaurant has options.  However, this place is not an option.  The food sounds good enough, until you realize that you cannot have some of the staples, such as rice.  That's right... rice.  They ONLY make it with dairy and not plain.  Seems odd, no?  Be careful what you order and what you're eating.  I had to ask multiple times.  Due to a lactose allergy, I have to be extra careful.  If they made some critical, yet easy, changes we would consider giving them a shot.  Otherwise, not worth the hassle.
best indian spot EVER. best food, everything ive had is amazing. the waiters are all super nice. love love love
the special lunch menu was really delicious. and the staff is very welcoming and friendly.
I love Indian food and this is the best Indian restaurant in Montclair. Amazing samosas and tikka masala. Service is great. The wait staff is very nice and the food comes out in a decent amount of time. It's a bit expensive, but I think it's worth it if you're craving some seriously good Indian food.
Went to dinner here with my wife for our anniversary.  The food was awesome and our waiter was super nice!  The place was clean and well kept and we had no issues getting a table.  I ordered the tikka masala chicken, my wife had the vindaloo and we shared a samosa appetizer.  All of the food was hot, fresh and delicious...
Some of the best Indian food I have had in America.  I am not Indian but grew up eating Indian food at my father's (Indian) friends' houses and abroad, and thus consider myself spoiled.  I am always searching for decent Indian food, flavorful and not too Hot. Brick Lane is wonderful.  Each dish is well prepared and you can tell that they use fresh spices. Unlike some places where everything tastes similar with a dose of hot, the different "curry" flavor are distinct. Service is fast. The only downside is the unnecessary noise.  On two different t occasions, we were there when they were resetting the tables. The server was clearly focused on speed, making quite a loud racket with the stainless steel plates.  Ignore the sound and enjoy the favors. You won't regret it.
I am a very picky person when it comes to Indian food. So many restaurants Westernize it , tone down the heat and flavor or just simply serve poor quality food. This is absolutely not the case at Brick Lane. We came based on the high ratings on Yelp and the reviews were on target. The food is excellent!    Being a Friday night the place was packed with a line of people waiting to sit down and I understand why. My dinner partner, who is half-Indian and grew up on home cooked Indian cuisine, loves spicy food. His was authentic vindaloo and it was hot enough to make him sweat, but a pleasant heat with flavor. We started with the lamb samosas and samosa chaat. For dinner I had chicken jalfrezi, all with naan and the wonderfully fragrant rice. MMMM. I saw complaints on yelp about service but we had no issues with service at all. The manager even came over to chat. We will be back.
No taste and rip off portions. My brother and I just ordered take out on Monday night and it was a total waste of money. I understand the restaurant is in Montclair so you have to expect to pay the price, which is not a problem for me, but the problem for me is the portions. We ordered the assorted chicken tikka for $16, which is basically 3 different types of chicken tikka/kebabs. We litterally received 4 small pieces of chicken for $16. I've had my share of Indian food, from local mom &  pop, boutique, and Michelin star rated restaurants, and have never encountered such poor portions. The other problem was that the food had no taste what so ever.  It was bland, and we had to sprinkle salt and some tandoori spices on it to give it some taste. Luckily we had the spices at home. If the food had taste, I would have forgotten about the poor portion. We also ordered the chicken butter masala,  which was no where near what butter masala should taste like. It was lacking the rich creamy and buttery taste. And we also ordered a traditional indian style chicken curry which was worse than what you find in the freezer section at your local indian grocery store.  It was tarty probably from not using the correct tomatoes.  The naan bread and the rice were the only things that were ok. I also understand that because of its location and majority of its clientele not being indian, that they have to ease up on the strong indian spices,  but don't call yourself an indian restaurant if you cant serve up the real flavors. Big disappointment for $70 for 3 dishes and some naan. I've dined at Michelin star rated Tulsi in NYC many times and have had better portions there. I've added a photo of their poor portions.
This tiny place was pretty packed on a Monday night at 8pm - that must be a good sign. We ordered the samosa chaat (awesome), the fish moilee (awesome), the tandoori sizzler (also great) as well as garlic naan and onion paratha (good but not standout). We also had the rice pudding which was a nice way to end such a savory meal. We really enjoyed it and my bf is already planning a return visit.
The lunch special is outstanding. The amount of food and variety for the dollar is applauded. Sometimes the local meat-free options get a little stale and Brick was a great addition to the town. The dinner menu looks a little pricey though Yay for BYOB.
Finally a great Indian restaurant in Montclair...much better than Taj Palace (sorry guys). I'm so glad Brick Lane had the balls to venture out from the city to little Montclair. Had the Lassuni Gobi (cauliflower) and Stuffed Naan with Cheedar Cheese as appetizers. For entrees, the Chicken Masala with three different sauces, Scallop Masala with mixed veggies, and the Moilee (a mild curry with fish..yum). The server was very friendly and helpful and he gave us free dessert. Everything was delicious! The place was a bit noisy and it's small, so not the place for a quiet romantic dinner. I can't wait to go back!
been 3-4 times. Always AMAZING Indian food.  Great lunch prices. Friendly staff. Will be back
Portions are tiny,  especially the lunch specials. . Location is OK, but parking is tough. . I did enjoy the food I got, but with so many choices of Indian restaurants I'd rather try a new place and see how that pans out...
A bummer.I had been dying to try this place for a while and finally got the chance!I ordered take out last week and was surprised to hear the person on the phone who took my order tell me that 'cash is preferred' before we hung up. Turn off.I ordered Samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala and an order of Naan bread. Guess how much? $32.. yes thirty two dollars! This food must be plated in gold, right? Wrong.Everything was tasty BUT the 5 chunks of chicken swimming in what seemed to be a gallon of sauce and the small rice container filled 2/3s of the way didn't really cut it for me. In additon, i'm not quite sure that the chicken was even stewed with the sauce. Seemed as if maybe it was cut up and tossed in last minute. So all in all - good food but not worth it for the price. There are other places in the area that will give you more for your money!
The food is pretty good, but the service is mediocre during lunch hours. On more than one occasion, I've sat with friends for a good ten minutes before they brought us a menu. They also give you your bill before you ask for it. Either that, or you can't get their attention long enough to ask for it. To be fair, they're understaffed and get a lot of business.I go all the time for their lunch specials, but I agree with Neal N's review in that I'm pretty sure they don't stew any of their "lamb" dishes in the actual liquid. You can't taste the meat or fat in the sauce--it's more like they prepare some curry and then toss in a couple big chunks of lamb meat.Also, I successfully attempted their phaal curry challenge and can confidently say: it's not worth it. It'd be one thing if they gave you a gift certificate for a free meal, but the phaal curry tastes gross. It's not even accurate to call it "curry." It's just a blend of spicy peppers. Tastes kinda like cigarette ashes. Yuck.
Fast and delish. Good lamb and chicken - chicken tika masala is good. Almost like Brick Lane (altho i like Tayyabs next door to Brick Lane on Fieldgate Street, as my go-to-place in East London). Lunch deal is a deal - but only get 2 pieces of meat!
I came here last week to get lunch, and really enjoyed the $10 lunch special! I had the chicken goan, and it came with rice, vegetables, lentils, naan, and rice pudding. Everything was delicious and we couldn't finish all of our food. I left feeling very satisfied, and would definitely come back!
Food is really good. Service is uneven. Prices are higher than my favorite Indian place---Jyoti. Portions smaller, too. Not my first choice.
good. a little pricey for indian food.  Large portions.  BYO. also they have phal, which is supposed to be terribly spicy. something worth checking out for those who are interested in that type of thing.  Overall a pleasant experience.  Will be back
This place was simple and it was all about the food. My family and I went for their lunch special and it was the best by far in Essex county. Most places that are decent have a lunch buffet but this place does not. However, it is still a lot food. I had the Korma sauce with fish and it came out with rice, lentils and creamed spinach with chickpeas as well as the homemade Naan, dessert...for only $10!  The dish was flavorful without being too hot. Reminds me of the spots back in the Village in NYC in the nineties! Its BYOB and toddler friendly given that during lunch there were two of them throwing peas everywhere, but that's okay. I have a little one that I would bring here for lunch. I doubt it would work for dinner since its not very big to tolerate a active toddler.
Sadly, I've had to amend my review of Brick Lane Curry House. I loved going to the one on Curry Row in the City and was thrilled when this one opened in Montclair. There were several wonderful meals eaten at the restaurant and ordered for take out for about a good 8-12 months, but then...I'm not sure what happened. Did the owners change? I don't know, but the food and the service have changed drastically for the worse. What used to be flavorful food served by friendly people is now bland and watered-down. The last 3 times we've ordered take out it was sloppily packaged so that the curry sauce was mixed with the veg (with compartmentalized containers this simply shouldn't happen), the food lacked taste and on more than one occasion, they have neglected to include the naan. Oh, and they also raised the price of their lunch specials by 25%.No longer will we order from Brick Lane Curry House; the thrill is gone.
Overpriced... the place is a little hipster hole in the wall with limited seating and cute lighting made from colanders. the tables are very very small... there was not enough space for the plates and bowls and cups brought to the table and the wait staff weren't exactly helpful in helping us out with managing the plates and cups and what not.  I've been a waiter for five years so I am very forgiving and  understanding about waitstaff taking too long or less then perfect service, but the waitstaff here made it feel like we were lucky and undeserving to eat here. The food was alright and that's being generous, there's much better Indian food in Montclair...the place looks lovely,but you're not eating the ambiance
I love this place! The food and staff are really what makes this place my go-to Indian spot. There are few places that make authentic Indian food well and this is the exception. I always order the butter chicken and biryani which are to die for. The staff is very friendly and helpful when ordering. They also provide the food in a good amount of time. The only negative comment I have is that it is a small location so if you don't like to sit close to other people you may get bothered.
Excellent curry, both mild and spicy. I enjoy everything here, but goan will always float my boat. You can't beat the shrimp option if you are a seafood lover, and the naan is to die for. I loved when they used to put peas in the rice. It was a nice contrasting pop of sweetness, however, perhaps they do it spontaneously and I have not been so lucky as to happen upon it lately. The lunch special is particularly good value.
celebrated my dads 50th birthday here.THE FOOD WAS INCREDIBLE!!!Service was very nice and we had a very knowledgeable waiter who gave us recommendations and was very patient with us. Cant wait to come back
The food was okay.  The Okra didn't seem to fresh. My kids had Chicken Tikka Massla and they enjoyed it.The service was horrendous!!!!  Three waiters... hiding in there vestibule with curtains drawn.We were one of two tables.  I got up four times to ask for water and where the rest of the food is.  They would bring a plate and disappear.  I'd ask where are the other dishes and nothing.  If it wasn't close to home I'd look elsewhere or just order take out.  I wonder how it continues to operate.
As soon as you walk into Brick Lane you know the Indian food is several cuts above the usual -- it smells incredibly fragrant and fresh, rather than greasy and tired.   It tastes like that, too.  We prefer takeout.  The tandoori vegetables are not to be missed and are always on our order. To go with that we had a curry--this time lamb bhuna, which tasted bright and fresh.  With an order of naan we had a perfect meal for two with some leftovers for just under $40.
It was ok, but Natraj Palace in Bloomfield was better...really. I have eaten my share of Indian food.  Since we went a while ago, I can't remember what we had, but I know the portions were small and my husband and I walked out not understanding all of the hype.
Chicken Tikka Masala la la la la yum!! With some naan of course.
Fantastic. This is the real deal and more. Lamb Vindaloo was as good as back home, perhaps a little short on the lamb, I could have done with more pieces. Nice and hot, they didn't dumb it down. Best Indian I've had in the US by far and could also stand up well back in the UK. Raving about the place. Service was excellent. I highly recommend this place, it's about time we had some decent UK style hot enough curries here.
I went here for the first time last weekend. I learned after going to the place that it was a chain which I wasn't really a fan of. The staff was very nice and the place was small and cute.. clean. The food was OK - I've had better Indian food in the city for a lot cheaper than this place.
Excellent choice for lunch!!! Lunch special and price is great. Definitely recommend it and try the mango lassi!
Do not go to this place I am big on indian food this is the worst I ever have in my life no joke I spent over $100 on this place  for my  wife and my parents we got a few different dishes that we could try different things every single dish was horrible
Although I am Indian and am difficult to please, I really thought this place was going to impress me.  The location in NYC I hear is better as montclair caters more to non-Indian patrons.  CTM was a 2 out of 5.  Paneer Sag was bland and the service was 2 out of 5.
If you can only go to one Indian restaurant in the area, Brick Lane is it. It's small, but the food is incredible and worth any wait. The owner and service staff are extremely nice and you can tell that they love what they do. I love what they do, too!
Fantastic Indian food. Having recently traveled to India, I'm really picky and hard to please when going to Indian restaurants. I have to say that they really impressed me and my family. We have been twice and really enjoyed everything we ordered. Service was friendly and attentive and definitely willing to please. They even made me a dal dish that reminds me of northern India that wasn't on the menu. We will definitely make this one of our regular dinner destinations. Be sure to try the madras and Goan curries as well as the eggplant dish on the vegetarian menu.
I have been to their restaurant in the city and the menu is the same and the food has the same great taste. If you are in the area, definitely stop by this little indian restaurnat in Upper Montclair
I was visiting my brother in New Jersey from Florida and we had lunch at this Restaraunt.I love Indian Cuisine.The food was excellent as well as the service.Next time I visit I will definitely be back.
I found out about this restaurant from the weekly Yelp email in my inbox. I was thoroughly impressed by the food! My husband and I ordered Imli Baingan as an appetizer. It was excellent! Tangy and crispy! For the main course, there were Parsi Macchi and the stuffed garlic naan. The Parsi Macchi came along with a portion of what I believe was lemon rice, grilled vegetables and a delightful orange chutney! The naan was also so flavour-packed! My husband had a mango lassi, which was yummy too! In general, Indian food can make one feel a lil' groggy with the curry and the masala, but the food here seemed very fresh, very homemade....Highly recommend this curry house for some yummy Indian food!
Last night was my first time to Brick Lane Curry and I was rather disappointed the ambience is beautiful and although it was a busy Saturday Night the waiters was friendly and attentive...The price is a little pricy for what we normally pay for Indian food, but I don't my paying if the quality of food is tasty and flavorful, I had the Lamb curry and I specified that my dish to be made medium spicy, my dish came out sweet and bland my son had the Tandoori Chicken that was also bland, after eating still trying to finish our wine the waiter asked if we can hurry up cause there was other people waiting to be seated to eat...after paying $75 for bland food then asking you to hurry with your wine is not very professional....
While the food is very good, the portion sizes are RIDICULOUSLY small for the cost ($8 apps/$16-18 per entree). After having two bad experiences with the entree portion size, I addressed the issue with the manager. They honestly think that it's not a big deal and made no effort to remedy the situation. With so many other good local Indian restaurants, we will not be going there/ordering from them again, which is a shame--on them.
The food is incredible. SO fresh! It's highly addictive... A little expensive, but not if your mindful of your portions... Did I mention it's addictive?
Here's a short post - I will never go back. Food is not even average. Prices are very high. Go to Satish Palace on Bloomfield Ave. to see what real Indian should taste like.
Go for lunch. Best Indian food in the area. Nuff said dummy.
I was here for the lunch special. I must admit, I was completely wowed, as this is possibly the best Indian fare I've had. It came with a gigantic freshly cooked naan bread, a delicious desert in coconut milk, vegetable, rice and I selected the Chicken Goan, which did go- directly into my stomach as quickly as possible. It's a very small place and they don't take reservations, so I wouldn't recommend going with more than 6-8. This is definitely the real Indian food deal.
Awesome curry!  This place is just about as good as curry gets (second or third best in a long list of international curry adventures). Great complexity of flavors and good quality meat. Try the chicken butter masala!! the chicken Goan's real good too (Creamy curry with green chilies, sage, coconut and coconut milk).  They also have a $10 lunch special.  I would probably drive out of town to eat at Brick Lane if I didn't live here.
I love the stuffed calamari. Great place - everything is fresh and full of flavor.
We were really looking forward to coming here. The reviews have been amazing. Unfortunately our experience was not very good. Despite the very cozy atmosphere, and great servers, the food was less than good. While the sauces were rich and flavorfull, the lamb in our dishes seemed to have been prior cooked and dumped in the curry.  The lamb was obviously not cooked in the curry, because it had no flavor.  The goat was chewy, and clearly not cooked enough to seperate from the bone, also not flavored.If you dont mind pretty chewy, unflavored meat floating in admitedly delicious curry sauces, you could enjoy the food here.
The best Indian restaurant I've ever experienced.  We really enjoyed and look forward to going again.
As good as my favorite NYC Indian restaurant.  Nicely done little space, lovely waiters, and the food was really excellent.  Not cheap, but very well prepared.  We will return again.  I think this place will do very well in Montclair--try it!
I swear Montclair has a monopoly on great Indian food places. Had a craving that would not quit so we popped open yelp and looked for places around and found this. I gotta say the restaurant itself is pretty small for a jersey place and the place was packed for a week night as well. There was a bit of a wait so we decided to get our food to go, I gotta say the food here is pretty stellar, the Biryani was fantastic, the Naan was perfect and the Tikka Masala was a knock out. They charge a little more than some of the other Indian restaurants that I've been to but you get what you pay for with higher quality and more quantity. My only nitpicks are the small size, the wait and the fact that they don't deliver but that aside, I may have found my new favorite Indian restaurant!
Food - excellent.  5 stars!  We were a large group of 7 people and we ordered probably a third of all the stuff on the entire menu, and nobody had a single negative comment about ANYTHING they ate (we shared everything).  The novelty here is they claim to serve the "Brit-Indian" food that "Indian" food has morphed into over several generations in the UK, and although I've personally experienced Indian food both in the UK and in India, I really couldn't find much that wasn't "classic Indian" in my mind at least.   Everything we ordered was beautifully prepared and served, each dish a totally different taste from the next one.  If you know your way around an Indian menu, you'll find a lot of things to like here (though curiously Thali dishes were absent).  If you bring friends who aren't into Indian, there are several choices that will be reasonably familiar to them, including an all-meat "Sizzler" plate that came out sizzling violently like a Fajitas platter.  Vegetarians may have a hard time choosing - our two vegetarians had a rather limited number of dishes to choose from, though what they ordered was very well done indeed - and one of them is a Brit-Indian cognoscenti, and he was very happy with his dinner. Only negative comment would be they need to adjust the calculations they use for how long people take to eat before the next seating can take place.  Though we were there on a busy Saturday evening (with reservation) we had to wait some time to be seated, and as we dined we were all too aware of people hanging around for a long time waiting to be seated.  Although we didn't particularly take our time, our servers made no secret of trying to hustle us along, and when we asked for dessert we were informed they were all out of everything and would we like the check now?  At the same time as another server was clearly telling a group of impatient customers that their (our) table would be ready soon.  Oh - and the place can get very noisy when full.But the food - FANTASTIC!  Good value for money, generous servings, mostly friendly staff.  If you live in the burbs and want good Indian without having to head into the City, this is the place for you.
Awesome food. I prefer papari chat, but my husband had the samosa chat and he thought it was great.  The mango lassi was a little chalky.  Lamb Bhuna was outstanding and Meat Sizzler was good, but the chicken was a bit dry!  The place was pretty packed, but they seated us quickly.  Only down side, we waited a really long time for the check.  Loved it overall, will go back :o)
I was not a big fan of Indian curry until I tried this.  When it comes to curries, I am in between mild and medium spicy.  In that case, I would recommend the Moilee, Jalfrezi, and Balti curries.For appetizers, the onion nanbread and lamb samosa.It is a great place and it is packed for its size
Thank goodness Montclair has another Indian option!  My favorite part: they offer paneer as a protein to put into almost any curry.  The only trouble I can see in the future is getting a table on a Saturday night.  We walked in right at 6 pm and I was glad we did!  Also, the portion of rice allotted for three people was very small.  But really, I can't complain.  My paneer jalfrezi was so good I had to defend my leftovers.
This was my first Indian experience and it completely fulfilled my expectations. The place has a really calm atmosphere and the lighting is perfectly dimmed to give a romantic experience. The servers are always polite and accommodating, and the food speed has been super fast in all three times I have dined here. Expect lots of leftovers, the portions are absolutely huge.
Food: Excellent! (& unusual, & spicy).Sound level: ABSOLUTELY DEAFENING! (it was a Saturday night)
I literally crave Brick a Lane on a daily. The food is so flavorful and served quickly. The staff is kind and responsive. The menu is vast and the food is superior to any Indian food I have found in North Jersey. I highly recommend you try Brick Lane but get there EARLY! The venue is small and the line can get long. I want to provide them kudos online but I'm a little worried that my review will bring more patrons and limit my chances of getting in, but they deserve the compliment!
I have  been coming here for several weeks.  Brick Lane has awesome food!  Raghu, the manager, is always friendly and helpful when helping me chose what to order and describes to me the level of spiciness that is used in the preparation of the food.  All the wait staff is friendly and pleasant and it is a joy to come here for a sit down dinner or take out. Brick Lane has become of my favorite Montclair restaurants!
I've been twice so far and both times were very good. The lunch option is a solid value. You get the entree, rice, naan, two sides, and a dessert for $10. Tasty and filling.
Finally great Indian food in Montclair!   Fantastic flavors and sauces and and service is great too.  The restaurant is very small and packed at dinner.  I recommend going for lunch...much less busy and the lunch special is a fantastic deal for only $10.  I will be going back.
We order from here once every 6 months, and each time we are left feeling like the food was ok but REALLY expensive.  It's a nice diversion from the "same old, same old" choices but it's hard to justify paying $25 to $30 per person for take out, especially considering that there are rarely any leftovers.
The food & service is excellent. Vindaloo was very spicy. Get there early only 35 seats and no waiting area.
Bummer didn't realize this was a chain restaurant until reading reviews as I also don't like chain restaurants. However the curry and eggplant is amazing. Cant wait to go back. Just wish they delivered!
I really liked this restaurant. I was passing through Montclair while on a business trip.  I had one of the lunch specials which was very reasonable and absolutely fabulous. Plenty of fresh food and warm naan bread for not much money.  Dinner, however, seemed relatively pricey compared to other indian restaurants I have been to.  I'll definitely be back though if I am anywhere near this area again.
this place is sooooo good that our group goes there for dinner at least once a week when we are in town for business!! No better food in New Jersey
My husband and I always wanted to try Indian food but did not know where to go or what to order. A friend recommended the Brick Lane Curry House in Montclair. By far this was one of the best dining experiences we've ever had. Our waiter, Raghu, was incredible. He gave us some awesome menu recommendations. The food was delicious! The curry is mouth watering. Not only was the food superb but the customer service by Raghu and the entire staff made this a perfect dining experience. Brick Lane Curry House in Montclair is now one of our top 5 favorite restaurants. We are a customer for life & highly recommend this restaurant.
my husband and I went back in min Nov for their lunch special again. Food was much better, freshly made and flavorful. service was attentive. a great improvement from prior dining experience.
Best Indian food in Montclair. Friendly staff. Lively atmosphere. Reasonable prices. Highly recommend.
Went there for lunch for the first time today. had their lunch special and really enjoyed it. Unlike so many Indian restaurants and their buffets, the food here is freshly prepared, beautifully spiced and absolutely tasty! The service was very attentive and friendly as well.GO!!!
First time coming here. Naan was excellent! Had the tikka marsala perfectly prepared. Will defiantly be back!
first impression: a varied selection of dishes with friendly & quick service. these guys like being busy, and it shows that they can handle it in a small space. with a full house plus background music it gets noisy, but not overbearing like a pub. atmosphere is lacking so save up your conversation pieces if you're on a first date. prices are on the high end but it's upper montclair, not jersey city - so think of it like the caste system. on a friday night they were ferrying deliveries out of the kitchen wahoo, so they're doing something right. i also liked that it was away from the beehive of Bloomfield Ave dining spots. the main reason i came here is because supposedly they serve one of the hottest dishes in NJ which is their phaal curry; i ordered it with goat and the waiter said "are you sure you want that, it's bad!" of course i want it, now even more so. this was almost as good as waiting online for the latest six flags suicide ride. how hot was it? i paid for it twice. i wouldn't even recommend it because you can't taste much of anything besides the incendiary heat of the slow-simmered chiles. as a chilehead, however, i discerned deep chocolate & cinnamon notes upfront, after burn on the finish. i happen to enjoy food torture: sniffling and sweating and endorphins, like white water rafting down my esophagus. so i got my fix and then some. i needed a bowl of raita and a mango lassi to keep my ears from steaming and also had to use my napkin as a handkerchief - but i was in nirvana on fire and the elephant god with 15 arms was proud. hey, i tried it, i conquered it and that's that. next time i want Indian I'll go to my standby in Secaucus, Mausam, for their all-you-can eat lunch buffet. Can't beat that place.
Food was pretty good.   We went at lunch time, service was fast and very friendly.  Everyday of the week they offer lunch special which is only $10.  Will be going back in the future.
Wonderful food, comfy location, excellent service.  A VERY welcome addition to the Montclair food scene!  Best Indian food I've ever had!  HUGE choice of entrees.
One of the best Indian restaurants in New Jersey - and that says a lot! Their tandoori fish salad appetizer is to die for as is their samosa chaat. Any of the masala curries are delicious and the staff is always sweet and helpful. They'll remember your name if you order in from them often.
I've only tried about 7 or 8 other indian restaurants in the area but this one blows them all out of the water.  The quality of the food is so apparent as soon as you take your first bite.  The only issue is the price but I guess you get what you pay for, right?  The jury is still out on that one but we'll see how this place does amongst the foodies of Montclair.  Will they choose quantity or quality?
Indian food is by far my favorite cuisine. My husband surprised me last night and took me here. Having had authentic Indian food many times before I even started frequenting Indian restaurants, I am pretty picky on where I will go. Hubby took a risk taking me here.   This place has a great ambiance, and friendly service. All throughout dinner people came in and out to pick up food, and they seemed very efficient and friendly to everyone who walked in the door.   One complaint I have about the service is that I often ran out of water. That's something that drives me crazy in restaurants, but again, I'm pretty picky.   The food was very good. I wouldn't move it up to my favorite place (that's reserved for Saffron in East Hanover), but I will definitely go back again.  I ordered medium spice, and it was almost too spicy for me. Now I eat pretty much everything with some spice, although since I've been pregnant I have had to scale back a bit. Next time I think I'll ask for something in between their mild and medium. If you don't like spice, their medium will be fine for you. If you do like it, start with their medium and go from there. Their mint chutney was a little spicier than I would have liked, but their onion chutney was the best I've ever had. The Naan was thin and crispy, just the way I like it.   Price wise it's very comparable to other very good Indian restaurants. I can't wait to try their lunch special, it's rice, naan, choice of curry with choice of meat, choice of vegetable, and dessert, for $10.
What a disappointment! I went here for lunch with a few friends and we all ordered from the lunch menu. The fact that you can match a choice of meat with a sauce was a bit odd (if you've ever cooked indian food) but we gave it a shot. The naan was decent. The sauces are very heavy (eat here if you are guaranteed a siesta right after). The vegetable of the day was an overly creamy peas and cauliflower dish, the chicken tikka masala was way too heavy on the tomato (tasted like canned soup) and cream. The dessert- kheer an indian rice pudding and boy was it pathetic! The chef should take a tour of India to see how far off his food is. My friend ordered the Goan shrimp curry and it was not anything you'd find in Goa (i agree with Do K). This place might hit the spot for those who think od Indian food as CURRY. It is loud and could use some decor.I'm amazed they received such great reviews.... For a the real thing, take a drive out to NYC or Mantra in Paramus.
What a find. Great service, I mean really great. And it is increasingly hard to find these days. Spot on charming waiter.  Great recommendations (cauliflower app) and cheese nan for our picky son. The biryani and the chicken tika were outstanding. Can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu.
This place is terrific.  The food is consistently full of flavor, and the service is good as well.
Been here many times since it opened and feel that the food and the service is on a bit of a downward trend.  Last night the crispy cauliflower in the tomato saucy felt decidedly microwaved  and rubbery.  My husband had the tandoori fish which was incredibly hot and spicy for tandoori ( he couldn't eat it) and was very dry.  I had requested a double size of the tandoori chicken salad but the waiter insisted that I have the main tandoori dish as it came with the sizzling plate - when I told him that I didn't,t want that (I have had the double appetizer salad many times before) he still insisted on saying I should have the main dish versus the appetizer.  The salad is supposed to come with a " choice of dressings" - I was told that raita was the only one available which was fine but I was shocked when I was charged $4 for it.  We had to ask for more water constantly.  Just overall disappointing and the room is tiny and cramped - not a problem for great food and service but this was far from it last night.  Will be a while before I think of going back.
I was excited with all the great reviews That I had to try the place out. I had the chicken tikka, which came out much blander than I've had before. Our breads (patatha & naan) came out much after our curries, which were quite cold by then. I feel that charging 18 bucks for this experience was definitely over-priced. IMO  much better Indian food can be had for much cheaper. Sorry brick lane, I tried u once but I won't be back.
Best Indian I've had in years! Be careful, spicy foot hearer is off the charts hot. Stick with everything else and you won't be disappointed.
the fried cauliflower appetizer is my go-to happy food. love this place.
it passed the test of my British, curry-loving husband. Delicious food, great service!
I thought I'd sample the food by getting the $10 lunch to go (12 - 4 pm). We had chicken korma  - nice large chunks of white meat chicken in a tasty almond-based sauce, nicely spiced potato bhaji as vegetable, a small onion fritter, a nice amount of rice, bread, and a small container of rice pudding.  Since we picked it up shortly before 4 pm, my husband and I split it at home for a light early supper  - just added some compatible soup that we had made the night before - and were happily satisfied.
One of the best additions to Montclair dining scene that I can remember.  Staff is very nice and accommodating and food is great.  The space is nice and is drawing a crowd, and we have developed a bit of a take-away addiction.  Really fresh, flavorful food, and a big notch above the typical curry fare.  Prices are a little higher than you might expect for Indian, but the quality makes it a value.
Great food, but they lie to your face like we're idiots.  Attempted to make a reservation, which their adverts say they take.  Told that they don't take 'em, but to call when we're leaving the house and we'll have a table within 10 minutes of our arrival.  When we called before leaving the house, we were told they can't hold a table for us or put us on a list, but we'll be seated within 10 minutes.  Got there and told we'll be seated in about 15 minutes, which was fine.  30 minutes later, we were told they were going to combine 2 2-tops so we could be seated.  1st deuce leaves AND THE SAME GUY THAT TOLD US WE WOULD BE SEATED WHEN HE COMBINES THE TABLES SAT A PARTY OF 2!!!  We complained, and he then pointed to a 4-top whose food was in the process of being delivered and told that we'd have that table in 10 minutes.  Really, 10 minutes for a party of 4 to get their food, eat, and get out?  We left.  Thirty minute wait?  Fine.  45minute wait, fine.  Don't take reservations? Fine.  But DON'T LIE TO MY FACE and keep me waiting for something we both know isn't going to happen.  The food is very good here but it's also very good a lot of other places that have a little more respect for their customers and don't treat them like morons.
fantastic authentic British Indian grub, like dining on Balham High Road
Good food and Different kind of taste.Place looks too small but ambience is good.We tried veggie food ,which turned out to be great
Great food. I am honestly impressed with their food but I don't think I'll come back here because everything is way overpriced. There are other Indian restaurants in town. This place is slightly better than other restaurants but considering the price then I would declare other restaurants the winners.
Only went for lunch...$11.99I understand the curry is good. It's not the best but good, typical Indian curry.You get a small dish, maybe 4"diameter of what you order. I ordered lamb so there were 4 good sized chunks in the curry. They also gave us two other same sized dish with our lunch order and a pot of rice to share. It was interesting to taste the favors.It was served temperature hot and the waiter warned me that the dish I ordered was spicy hot. We were satisfied with lunch but I thought the meat was over cooked, and I think they could have given more for what they charged or lowered the price for lunch portion. I guess bc I cook, making curry in huge batches is actually very cheap.The bread nan was good, typical nan you'll get at an Indian restaurant.I will go again if my daughter craves it. But I've had better Indian curry in jersey city...that was all you can eat buffet with more curry choices with various meats: lamb, beef, chicken, vegetable, AND dessert for the same price. ...I thought I saw dessert was included in our lunch but I forgot about it and when I asked for the check, he didn't tell me we had dessert coming, so I just paid and left.Overall, I'm giving a star for 1) food served hot and they actually used good spices to make their curry, 2) it's nice to have variety to choose from in upper Montclair, 3) waiter warned me of my dish.
I wanted to love this place because I love Indian food, but I am underwhelmed. I ordered lunch. 12.00 for lunch is a bit much, but I was in the neighborhood and craving Indian, so I ordered the takeout box lunch. I ordered chicken tikka masala, and it said it would come with a vegetable, rice, naan and dessert. OK, sounds like a good deal but the plate was mostly rice. There were two large chicken chunks in the sauce and that was it. The vegetable, whatever it is, is inedible and tastes of onions.What struck me first was that everything was extremely salty, in an "I am craving water" way. I am used to Indian food standing on the merit of its spices, not an msg rush. I think there are better options in the area. I gave this place a go but I'm really not impressed. If I'm not happy with something as basic as chicken tikka masala, I'm not going to order something more spectacular.
AppearanceThis is a pleasing indian restaurant in all aspects.  Bricklane is decorated with clean, modern, glossy wood style. Funky lighting fixtures compliment this modern approach to Indian cuisine.   I enjoyed this restaurant and would recommend. FoodThe food was flavored well.  I got the tomato based marsala with goat.  The goat was cooked well, slightly tough.  We also had chicken simmered in sweet curry, Coconut dish. Chicken was super tender and moist.The califlower appetizer was delicious.The rosemary nan was a bit too strong, over powering for my taste. StaffOur waiter was very friendly and happy to suggest our confused party dishes which we would like. He was also funny and made our visit enjoyable.PriceFor two..Two appetizers two dishes came to $60
Still tasty but I miss the original lunch special. The buffet was good but not sure it will draw me back the way the lunch special didn'
Ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Lamb Vindaloo. For the price I expected way more food than 6 small pieces of meat swimming in a bland sauce that had no accompaniments. The naan was also subpar. Overall I didn't think there was anything special about the food. Oh and we waited 1.5 hours for delivery--we live less than 2 miles away.
The customer service exceeded my expectation when I experienced an issue. Thank you for handling my situation kindly and professionally!
Came here for lunch on Thursday and ordered from the $11.99 lunch menu. The deal includes an entree (I chose Chicken Tikka Masala), 2 side dishes (lentils, potatoes), rice, naan and dessert (rice pudding). I thought it was a great deal for the price for the amount of food given. The highlight of the meal was the naan - it was soft in the inside with crispy, charred skin on the outside. The chicken tikka masala was good, but not extraordinary. Service was a little slow, but the amount of food made up for it.
I've been here twice. The first time we shared a chicken tikka masala. It was okay, but for $20, the portion is pretty tiny (maybe 5 medium-sized chunks of chicken, possibly amount to one full breast) and not nearly as spicy as I would have liked. The regular naan bread was pretty standard, but only complimentary with lunch. Otherwise, it's $5 a pop.The only reason we went back a second time was because I booked a Groupon Reserve to get 20% off not realizing until I went to go pay the bill that the Groupon only applied to the Ridgewood location. Apparently, there are 5 Brick Lane Curry Houses in NJ. (Side note: Brick Lane is a street in East London known for its curry houses, hence the name.)On the second go-around, we started with the basil naan bread, which emitted no flavor of basil whatsoever, but at least the color was pretty. We went with the Meat Sizzler (Lamb chops, chicken tikka and seekh kababs). It was delicious, but for $28, I was less than impressed with the portion. Same goes for the chicken bhuna (a well spiced curry where the meat is cooked in its own juices resulting in a thick and strong flavored sauce). For $20, we got the same amount of chicken as with the tikka masala. Although all of their curries are served with rice, they really trap you in to ordering the naan in order to soak up all the extra sauce.Overall, the place is cozy and the service is friendly, but not the most prompt. And the food is good, but I left both times feeling there were other Indian places nearby where I could get comparable quality at a bigger bang for my buck.
Great place for authentic Indian food. Lamb goan & garlic naan were amazing. Service & atmosphere were perfect. Would definitely recommend!
Amazing Indian food, super friendly service, cute atmosphere.We live close by and we're here about once a month. The tiki masala and the jalfrezi are my favorites.Definitely a great spot!
Good indian food that comes out nice, quick and hot. The servers were good, but could've done a slightly better job keeping the water full, especially since we're eating spicy food and that there weren't too many other people in the resturant. I had the chicken jalfrezi with spice and it hit the spot. Both hot and with a good amount of spice made it satisfying. I also had some of the Methi Salmon. It was ok, not the best but the sauces (which names escape me) that it came with made it better. Even the sauce that came with my chicken jafrezi made it better. The portions were large which is good because just the 2 entrees and a basket of bread (which was also good and hot) came to almost $50. can't complain too much, but paying ones own way here is the way to go.
I've dined at this location a few times and can honestly say that Brick Lane is one of the highest quality Indian restaurants in North Jersey. The ambiance and service is also excellent. The one major downside is that the venue is extremely small with very limited seating. They also don't take reservations so I wouldn't recommend going here on weekends without checking the wait time first!
I always ask for delivery through Eat24 app, today I ordered and restaurant called saying they stop delivery at 10:30 pm. So why it says it's open for delivery at 11:00 pm. Even my order should not go through. I paid for it and restaurant said they can't void it, call Eat24!!!! Why did I ordered from here!!  This restaurant should fix the problem. I liked the food but from now on, I'll go for mausam or other Indian restaurant.
Gotta love tikka masala!Ordered chicken tikka masala , served w/ basmati rice & onion naan.This was delicious but not as spicy as I had hoped it would be. In fact, our waiter didn't ask us the spice level desired, we thought this was odd.Anyways, came here for a quick dinner. We brought our own beer, Michelob light. P.S. I am trying to learn to appreciate beer so I'm starting light. =)Service was acceptable but you may want to bring your own bucket for cold drinks. Our waiter kindly took our beers and placed it in the kitchen's fridge. Cool.There was one flaw- not enough chicken for the price you are paying on the dish.Yes, there was plenty sauce you can use with rice and naan but I wanted more chicken!I will definitely come back and try other Indian dishes.
We ordered chicken tikka masala and chicken kabab. Both were delicious. I would go there again.
Poor quality food...plus arrived almost an hr late, and without the lassi that I ordered. I recommend that you avoid this restaurant. They did comp the order due to the delay.
Good food but WAY overpriced. I could get similar or better quality indian food for much less elsewhere. Entrees were each close to 20 bucks.. No rice or naan included so it ended up being a $70 meal for two for two entrees, an appetizer, no drinks, no dessert. Yup..pretty steep.  I ordered paneer tikka masala, but the gravy and paneer Tikka were served separately so I basically  had to dunk the paneer into the masala gravy myself and then fork it over to my naan. Too much work. My fav part was the appetizer- lassuni gobi, enjoyed it more than my entrée. Overall, food was tasty but not worth the prices. On the plus side: good, fast, friendly service. Waiter was helpful and attentive.
They said that, "Sometimes small places have everything you need". Well, I believe it is true after coming here. I called them up 2 hour before the wedding lunch surprise for my housemate & they were just perfect to the dot.  Everything I mentioned them to do, they did more than that. The food was just as expected delicious, they even made a special beverage as per bride's request. I was going to give 4 star, but just because of the place being little small,  I didn't felt it was fair enough, as they have everything you need at a Good Indian Restaurant. Special thanks to Jay for making such lovely arrangements in such short time. I will def recommend this to anyone who loves indian food to just go once and try.
Best Chicken Korma I've ever had, by a long shot. Very nice owners who really care about the experience. I'm quite anxious to return for another meal.
Delicious! This is my favorite Indian place in the area. The lunch special (which goes until 4pm) gives you a lot of food for only $12. The food is good quality and the service is great. My only issue is that I probably wouldn't come here at night because of the higher dinner prices.
The first time I ordered from this place was great. Food was excellent. Since, I've ordered from them more than four times on GrubHub and the food arrives cold and beyond late. If they can't get the food to the location on time maybe they shouldn't deliver outside of their town. For the prices being so high, they need to be mindful of the delivery time and the quality of the food when it arrives.
Food is good value isnt. Take out. Ordered chicken tikka masala on several ocassions.  While tasty the portions ate meager.  All sauce too little meat across the menu spectrum.
So we adventurous day of shooting NJ skipped breakfast and was starving by time we finished around 4 pm. I am from NY. My friend something Indian so we so brick lane is nearby. We went here order one chicken briyani and Goan chicken curry. The curry was so sweet and bad. We had inquired if it was sweet to the waiter.  So we asked for hot sauce and they gave pickle. Then the bill comes they charged us for pickle. We question why they charged us and the waitress went to the back to inquire and never came back. We have long way to go home so we left with paying for hat pickle and I am Indian that was worst pickle ever. The Indian grocery stores can do better! Worst place avoid at all costs.
Just ok. I ordered delivery of Malai kofta (mild), Onion (Kanda) Bhaji, and garlic naan. The malai sauce was very very different then what I am used to. It's yellow, not the tomatoey creamy red I'm used to. The sauce was mild, not spicy at all. You never know with Indian places... Mild could be burn-your-face-off hot. Here mild is truly mild. The  kofta was delicious, tender, and delightful. The naan was not crispy at all, but that could be due to the foil pouch it was delivered in. The Bhaji was good, but didn't come with a dedicated sauce that I could tell. I dipped it in the malai, which was tasty.  I would order from here again, but would try different dishes.
We love Brick Lane, a great deal for their lunch menu, pricier at night, but always delicious! We love the different sauces - the Korba with paneer is my fave - and the naan is soft and tasty. The sides are great to taste, try the cauliflower and samosas!
Food was good. Initial waiter was good but the other waiter was rude. I felt rushed after he took over our table. Lunch portions are small.
Hands down, the best Indian food in the area. The building and room are extremely simplistic, but Brick Lane doesn't need any frills. The food speaks for itself. The matar paneer is among the best I've had, loaded up with peas. The first time we went, the server gave us rice pudding on the house, which was very much appreciated. A plus: if you order online, they will bring your order out to your car!
Some of the best Indian around in this area. I usually have the chicken vindaloo and my family eats saag paneer and lamb tikka masala. Don't go for the phaal. It's just a gimmick. Even the waiter said so
Four of us ordered two curries, two naans, pashwari kulcha, and the fried cauliflower. Everything was very delicious, especially the chicken jalfrezi curry and kulcha. It is pricier than most Indian I've eaten, but the quality and flavor of the food is mostly worth it. The only thing they could do better is add a couple more pieces of chicken in the curries. We got the food to go and the food was well packaged and still warm once I got home. I look forward to eating at the restaurant, the spice aromatics in the air is hypnotizing.
Small, about 12 tables, with a friendly and efficient staff. Cuisine is a cut above the 5 other Indian restaurants in Montclair, but so are the prices. Good selection of currys and chutney, which is why my wife pefers this restaurant. I am happy with the simpler fare and the buffets at other restaurants but I do enjoy the Brick Lane quality.
Poppin' at 8pm on a Wednesday night? Indeed that was what my boyfriend and I experienced yesterday. We called maybe two hours prior asking if we needed to make reservations, and they told us it wasn't necessary, which was true, but I wasn't expecting every single table filled in this little restaurant. And when one party left, another one was eager to be seated.So I had a craving of bread and stews last night and that's exactly what we ordered. Some CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA, plain NAAN, a LAMB VINDALOO entree to satisfy the taste buds of my other half, some rice, and SAMOSAS to start with. I'm no Indian food expert, but I thought it was pretty darn good. The stew bases were very flavorful, although I would prefer small cuts of meat in the Tikka Masala and the Vindaloo. Some may even argue that there's not enough meat, but that's what the naan and rice are for! The naan was fresh, the rice was aromatic, the samosas: not the best i've ever had, but decent. Your glass of water? No ice. Definitely in an Indian restaurant.My only peeve with this place is that they only have two servers for the whole floor, and when they're full, you're breaking necks trying to get their attention.
I 've eaten here 4 times usually with other people who really like it so I go along but I've always had the same experience. Tiny portions, huge prices (for Indian food) and just ok taste. Always disappointed here.
Our 2nd time here...food, ambience and service - all top notch! Made our day after a long week when you yearn for not having to cook and try someplace nice...would definitely be back soon!
Amazing! I heard this place was good and finally got the chance to try it. Being vegan, I asked if I could get my fav without the cream, butter, etc. I ordered and loved the Chana Marsala. I also order the vegan bread which is like the naan but without dairy. The place is small, but clean is vented well. The wait staff is awesome too.
I live in South Orange and was attending jury duty this week I was saying. How I miss a good Indian restaurant now that Saffron closedThey recommended Brick LaneI thought it was excellent!I had the fried caulifour very good , the chicken tikka assorted excellentOnion seed Naan - wow Yellow dal excellent If I had more room I would have ordered more it was beyond my expectations a a great surprise .I will be going back quite oftenAmy Lewis South Orange
Love Brick Lane! Had the chicken tandoori and splurged for the extra tikka masala curry sauce and rice (and garlic naan!) for an extra $5 which brought my order up to $23. Well worth it if you ask me! Sauce could be spicier (it wasn't spicy at all) but we didn't specifically ask... made a mental note to ask in the future. I wish this place was bigger. We went on a snowy Friday evening so we didn't have to wait to be seated but it could easily be a half hour wait in the spring/summer months. In the middle of winter, it can get pretty cold with people coming in and out of the restaurant. BYOB which is always great. Can't wait to return!
The food was delicious and the service was attentive but not overbearing. Small location with one server but was not kept waiting. Was offered dessert on the house for a birthday but we were too full from dinner. Will definitely return.
Went here with my husband and some friends.  Nice little cozy place that was quite busy on a sunday night.  The food presentation was great and nothing was spicy at all. Never tried ginger naan before and I loved it. Overall, great place.
Glad to see Brick Lane is in New Jersey, I was a regular at the Brick Lane in the lower East Side NYC. The Brick Lane in Montclair is a great spot for lunch. The lunch specials are affordable. Included is  rice, vegetable of the day, Dhal, Nan and dessert all for under 12 dollars, a great deal and it is BYOB. The food is very tasty and medium spicy unless you ask for extra spicy. The service is very good. The regular menu is a little pricy in my opinion. I ordered the vegetable samosa as an appetizer it was 9 dollars and I think that is a bit much,for what you get. Again I love the food and I would recommend it for lunch, definitely will be back.
The restaurant definitely has good food but is wayyy overpriced. Each entree is $20 or more. I've never had indian food this expensive before.We got the chicken korma and byriani. The korma was okay. We've had better but the chicken byriani was delicious. My fiancé and I have been looking for a place that cooks great byriani and brick lane had it. The usually places we go to are just seasoned yellow rice but brick lane's byriani had so much spices and color. If I didn't live in New York I would come back here often for the byriani.Just fyi. Something about the engineering or architecture of the room but it gets REALLY loud in there. Everyone's voices bounces off the walls and sounds just seem louder.
Best Indian food for miles!  Cozy atmosphere & attentive service.  The only glitch is parking- but that's Montclair!   You can find area spaces & it's worth a walk- the food is fresh & tasty!   Different levels of spicy on most dishes with a varied vegetarian menu too.   I highly recommend dinner here.
The lunch box is a great deal with lots of food! One of the better quality restaurants in the area however a bit on the pricier side. The naan is huge def larger than the average naan. The saag paneer tastes super fresh and not processed like some places.
Great Indian food! Small place but cute and charming in Upper Montclair. Great variation of nan breads and chicken, lamb and curry dishes- moderately priced.
Good for the Burbs i suppose.If you have lived in the city, Hoboken, or definitely Jersey City, then you know what I'm talking about.   The food is OK when there are only a couple of Indian restaurants around.  That being said, the food just doesn't stand up to other places that I have eaten at.  I feel like an indian staple to stack against others is the Tikka Masala and this one was just too watery and tomatoey (as if thats a word).Standouts are the Onion Kulcha and the incredible service, but the food just lacked overall flavor.Lastly.... way too $$$ Next time ill drive to JC or Hoboken.
We've enjoyed both lunch and dinner at Brick Lane in Montclair. If I had to choose between the two, I'd say dinner. Only because the portions are better, ambiance is more soothing, and service seems quicker.I enjoy their food; but am not a fan of their lunch specials. $12 for 3 pieces of meat, rice, and nan seems steep.
I came here wanting to try the infamous phaal curry. I asked the waiter if I could sample it before ordered an entree. Upon tasting, I didn't really see the hype. Yes, it was hot, but there wasn't much other flavor, no sweet or savoriness, just fire. I didn't end up ordering the phaal. The food here is good, service is exceptional, prices are on the high side. You could get better value elsewhere but the food is delicious.
This place was seriously good! Please be advised that this was my first Indian food experience. We started off with the lamb samosa app. It was VERY good and I'm very picky about where I eat lamb. App comes with 2 puff pastries and I couldn't even finish mine for fear of being a tad bit too full for my dinner. For dinner I got the curried chicken tikka masala. The sauce was amazing and flavorful. Chicken was tasty. (I would have loved the chicken itself to be a little bit juicier but that's what the sauce is for. My boyfriend got the chicken vindaloo which is very spicy (which is what he wanted). We shared a pot of basmati rice which was more than enough for both of us. We also had the rosemary naan - out of this world and I couldn't help but dip it in the tikka masala sauce. We did not realize this place was a BYOB but the waiter kindly gave us the phone number to a liquor store down the block who actually DELIVERED us a bottle of wine. Such a great experience, I can't wait to go back in the nice weather because the floor to ceiling windows/doors all seem to open up.
High quality Indian food, good service. Great that it's BYOB. Good for a date night if you're looking to try new and exotic food!
OMGEEE!!! My bf and I absolutely LOVEEE this place!!! We are avid curry eaters (usually Caribbean-Trinidadian), but when he got word from someone (a self-proclaimed foodie) on his university's Alumni Club to come to Brick Lane Curry for lunch we were there the first chance we got! It was a Sunday and we were the first patrons in there that afternoon in late July. I honestly can't remember what kind of curry we ordered but everything was PHENOMENAL!!! The tofu appetizer; the lamb; the chicken masala; the dessert! EVERYTHING!!! Idk why we haven't gone back yet, but we will definitely make our way here again sometime soon!
Overpriced and small portions. Food is consistently good but you would think chicken is lobster they way they dole it out. When you have to go searching for the chicken in your chicken tikka massala it's not a positive sign. Menu is also a little short on appetizers.
Delicious flavors, consistency and they deliver!  I used to go to the Ridgewood location until I moved to Essex County and Montclair did not disappoint.  Love the lamb and chicken dishes and all the wonderful choices!
It is amazing how much flavor and awesomeness is snug up in such a tiny little place. We had the Bhuna and the Madras vegetables from the lunch menu. The food was SO good, easily one of the best meals of my life! I HAD TO order an additional Madras veg, just because it was so yummy and one can never possibly get enough of it. The very reasonable pricing is a big plus. Can't wait to go again!!
Cozy dining area , delicious traditional flavors.
*chicken tandoori (the chicken was cooked perfectly, the flavor was decent even though I expected more of a punch especially with the sour flavors, the peppers on the skillet were great; this came with four drumstricks which was enough for me haha; this did not come with bread or rice, you need to pay $5 extra for that which is a complete rip off)*plain naan (it was very airy which was alright, I still prefer the naan at Gateway of India)This place is home of the spiciest curry and phaal which is always previewed on Travel Channel, I need to try that sometime; the service was decent, it's a small spot but definitely a popping restaurant with the high volume of dine-in and take-out customers
Yummy Indian food!  The vegetable curry was lovely, the side of masala potato curry was delicious, as was the lentil side dish.  The nan had crispy sections amidst the puffy steamy bread parts.  Oddly, the chicken Tikka Masala was not so tasty, just chicken white meat thrown into sauce. Service was somewhat spotty however: had to ask for menus, after watching a table of men who arrived after us be provided with menus and water; Had to remind the waiter to bring our drinks.  The waiter was nice enough to box up the leftovers, which were far too good to leave behind.  Prices for mid-upper Montclair, ie lunch specials are 12.99.
Amazing Chef! Talent for timing fresh curries (Vindaloo, Madras, Tikka Mmmmasala, and Lamb Chops) for our table of three discerning Indians and a spicy-food-loving Texan. Service is genuinely eager to please. All pictures posted are to be believed. BYOB.
Totally would come back for the lunch $12 special (main dish, rice, naan, a side of vegetable and lentil curry, and rice pudding for dessert). However, I would never come for dinner because of the inflated pricing.That being said the curries are very good. Would have appreciated more meat in my bhuna curry (3.5 pieces of lamb) but otherwise the taste was superb. If not for the taste the smaller meat portions and the extravagant dinner pricing would have made this place easily a 3 stars only.
Best Indian food I've ever had.  Wait staff is really top notch as well.  If you become a regular the you'll quickly make friends with everyone there.  For newbies, start with the butter chicken.  Work your way up from there.
After an afternoon spent exploring the charming town of Montclair, my family was looking forward to an excellent Indian culinary experience at Brick Lane Curry House.  We saw rave reviews on Yelp and that the chain was Zagat-rated, which only added to our anticipation for dinner that evening.The chicken tikka platter was very bland.  The four pieces of chicken had some external grill marks and color but no flavor to the meat itself, and the meat was not tender.  We ordered Lamb Vindaloo, which basically consisted of spicy tomato sauce with chunks of flavorless meat and potato thrown in.  It was discussed with the waiter that Vindaloo curry should contain vinegar as part of the base (ours did not), but he argued against this notion.  We also ordered Chicken Korma and again noted that the meat must have been cooked separately from the curry and thus lacked flavor and tenderness.  In our opinion, the curry dishes were not worth $20 apiece because of quantity but, more importantly, quality.The papadum and chutneys provided at the start of the meal were the most flavorful items we tasted.  The garlic naan was decent, but the basil naan had no hints of the named herb. My family spent the whole drive home lamenting over the ordinary meal we had just had.
Biryani was good, place was empty and water was luke  warm had to ask for ice. Waiter was really nice and kept checking up on us
As we spoke over the phone brick curry Montclair . Being Indian I am very picky and understand the food spices everything very well.. I think you guys are Charging way too much money for such quantity. Either you give more quantity for that price or you get your price down for that...its damn pricy and not worth the taste of that..a honest fellow Indian feedback...
I have been to this place for lunch three times and every time I have tried a different lunch special but it simply misses the mark, they have a bunch Veg and Non veg selections and a spicy level that can be customized. They server a lentil/Dal and another dry sauteed vegetable with you entree, Rice and bread is served (nan / roti).The flavor isn't just there I tried the spicy Payal curry and every time asked for spicy and it came out with low spice and bitter taste, no idea whats wrong, its a lack luster experience and am not likely to return again.
Shockingly bad value for money. For $20 entrees, I do not expect 6 small pieces of chicken per. In short, for $70, we received 2 tasty but tiny portions of curry with the most miserly amount of protein I have experienced in almost 40 years of eating curry, 2 naans, a greasy onion bhaji and some sub-par raita. We have just moved to the area and will need to find another location to meet my longstanding love of Indian food. Avoid.
Great stylish place to eat. I have had both lunch and dinner and was not disappointed. at all. The lunch special are very satisfying and enough food to take home. Dinner was also great had the Korma and Saag Curry, and you can't go wrong getting an order of Samosas.  It would be great if the place was bigger but i think it would loose its charm.
First off, they're open from noon to 11pm every day. Win. Two; the decor is really welcoming and whispers "bring your family".  Win. I like wearing sweatshirts in public. Three; you hit this place before getting to the Kings Market. So you won't shop hungry. Win!This place is really great. It is an authentic indian restaurant with well trained and polite staff. AND your order comes out hot, as soon as you're done with appetizers! Now this is something I wish another place in town would brush up on. I ordered from the lunch menu, and got my old standard of chicken tikka masala. It was, okay. The sauce was the best part as it had different undertones than I was expecting. Not so sweet and easy on the tomato. More citrus and umami tasting. Good stuff. But got three  chunks of cubed chicken breast. That might sound chintzy but I was full after the first chunk. I blame the appetizers (lentil daal and some paneer dish). So anyway the huge chicken cubes were only alright, in my taste but the sauce!! The rice is pretty plain save for some cardamom pods. The naan was perfectly plain because I needed that to appreciate the sauces properly.While this place is in a great location, parking is a problem for us lazy heifers. I was lucky it was Sunday and got one of two free meters on the street. Otherwise I'd have to make my husband park at Starbucks and then meet me there. How inconsiderate would that be? Right? Don't look at me! I didn't tell the restaurant to not have an off street lot! Stop judging me.The price was pretty good! But the selection was pretty limited compared to my fave place in town, which also has no parking. Damn it montclair! Go here if you don't wanna buy everything at the supermarket.
This is the best Indian restaurant around here.  It's a tiny little place, a bit off the beaten path, but I've never had to wait too long. I always get the stuffed calamari, which is kind of a weird thing to get at an Indian restaurant, but trust me, it's delicious. Great breads and appetizers. I've also had some of the chicken dishes, like the jalfrezi and tikka masala, and both have been excellent.  Highly recommend!Updated to say the calamari is gone - I went 2 weeks ago and it's off the menu! Both my daughter and I were totally bummed. Bring it back!
Tikka Masala was very good. Loved the extras that came with the lunch specials- it was a good deal for all the food we ate. Daal was really delicious, also. Only (minor) downside, not a ton of meat in each dish (possible that this is a lunch special issue, and that normal sized portions are fine).
Love the black lentils, omg. Amazing. The Brick Lane is consistently awesome and reasonably priced. Go here and you will love it!
Food was ok. Just ok. Kind of expensive compared to other Indian places. Not as authentic but ok for a night out.
Hits: Went on a Saturday night so a wait for a table for two was expected - we waited about 20-25 minutes, which is what they said the wait might be when we called just a few minutes before arriving. The food was great. Simple but flavorful and pretty much what we were expecting but maybe even better. I assumed the chicken would have been cooked ahead and scoop and serve, but when it arrived, it was obviously cooked-to-order on a skewer and then mixed with the sauce (we had the Chicken Tikka Masala and also Lamb Goan). I didn't notice the rice being cold as another reviewer said, but that could be because we put it under the meat and sauce.BYOB - always nice.The service was fine - nothing to report there either way.Misses: The price. For $20 and $21, I wouldn't expect so little food. The portions were easily more like lunch portions and I'd expect to pay $14-16 for them. So it's definitely over-priced considering it comes with nothing but rice. Nothing else is included - no sauces, nothing else. I want to say there were about 6-7 ounces of meat per serving in the sauce - that's it. Actually, we had a lot of sauce left because we don't eat gluten, so no naan for us, and we took it home to use with a meal the next day which was great.The noise. They just need some sound panels in the place - it's really small, which is fine, but it's just louder than it needs to be. We'll probably eat here again because it was yummy and we haven't tried many other Indian places yet locally, but if you have one you love that's better priced, stick to it because the portions are pretty small.
Love this place! One of my favorite restaurants ever! We're regulars and genuinely love it. We've never eaten a single thing we didn't like here, but some favorites include the Seekh Kabobs, Lassuni Gobi, the Peshwari Kulcha, seasme naan, and for curries we adore the qorma and madras. We always have good and attentive servers who are happy to give recommendations and are very quick at bringing the food and filling our water. Though, one server in particular, Raghu is our absolute favorite. He's knowledgeable, friendly, and genuinely cares about your experience and also you as a person, he always asks how our day is going and always recommends new things for us to try. Don't have a single negative thing to say other than that I wish I lived closer!
food was delicious. My only beef was the prices. This place is expensive. $18 for chicken tikka masala and that doesn't include rice! Rice was an extra $5....
Stopped in for lunch and found a great surprise; the food was excellent, the staff knowledgable, friendly and great to speak with and the prices were unbelievable. My wife and I have eaten at many local Indian restaurant and we were greatly pleased with the food at brick lane. Definitely recommend for anyone to go.
I've been here plenty of times because of it's convenient location in Upper Montclair. The Lamb Bhuna is excellent, as are the Samosas and the Garlic Naan. The portions are pretty generous so I usually share with whoever I'm with. Even though it's kind of pricey, the curry you get is excellent quality with lots of flavor. I'd also recommend the lunch special, it's a great bang for your buck!
I'm a terrible writer, but I just wanted to leave a short review for this wonderful restaurant! The service was wonderful and the servers were very attentive. I had lamb curry which was absolutely delicious. I will definitely be back here again soon.
Decided to try this place based on Yelp reviews and because our regular place is closed on Mondays.  Nice place, decent service and good food, but nothing special.  The flavors were atypical, but still tasty.  Probably wouldn't go back unless there weren't any other options.
Went to this place last night because vegan items were advertized. However, we were told we could not get rice because it has cream in it. How could you have spicy curry without rice?? Vegans, I have to say pass on this place. The curry was good, but without rice, very unsatisfying!!
Amazing food for "hot and spicy" aficionados!! Service was excellent, ambiance cozy. Get there early because it fills up quick.
Excellent Indian cuisine! I have to stress just how nice they all are at this restaurant. They know my entire family by first name, and ask about my parents every time we see them. Warm and inviting, you feel as if you have been invited to sit down for dinner in their own home. Thoroughly impressed with their service, and their food is just as spot-on. I'd love to send a couple of restaurant owners here for lessons on how to actually run their business, but why educate the unmotivated!?Quaint restaurant with probably 15 tables. Very accommodating for groups.
Amazing Indian food! We came with the whole family and loved every dish both the vegetarian and the meat dishes. This is definitely one of the best Indian restaurants I have ever been to. My favorite is paneer tikka masala. The food is made very well and the restaurant is very cute. The service is great and the owner runs the restaurant very well. Highly recommend.
So Brick Lane at first glance did not present like an Indian restaurant. Its modern BOLD FONT of a sign and snazzy modern flare makes it look more like it may be a BBQ or Mexican spot (There is a Chili Logo over the door).I was blissfully un-aware until one day (driving while HUNGRY) I peeped that that it ALSO read "CURRY HOUSE". I did a quick Yelp check and saw that people really were diggin what these cats are cooking so I decided to check it out myself.(I DIGRESS)There was a time in my life where I was a slave to Indian food, My ex was pregnant with our daughter and she had the "MASALA CRAVINGS". During that time I ate so much Indian food that one day I walked into the elevator, smelled curry, and proceeded to gawk around at the occupants of the elevator trying to find the Indian among us; only to realize that it was ME... I was standing in the back and only realized this when others started scrunching their noses and looking around behind them.Curry was coming out of my pores. And it was STRONG.True story...It was around that time I recognized the bliss that is fine Indian Cusine. To date, I have NOT poked fun at my Indian friends for smelling like curry (because now I can identify) :)Looking at the online menu I figured a good way not to be hurt would be to give the lunch menu a taste. So Lunch it is!  At an average of $10 it is VERY AFFORDABLE!!!To get a good standard baseline of the offering I ordered:Lamb SamosasChicken Tikka MasalaLamb Vindaloo (Spicy Please)Garlic NaanTIP: The lunch special already comes with Naan, Dahl of the day, vegetable of the day, and Basmati rice. Once it was all on the table, the thought that popped into my head was that there was a to-go container in my immediate future. Worthy of note right off the bat was the Lamb Samosas. The relish that they serve with them is top notch. BOTTLE AND SELL FOLKS.. BOTTLE AND SELL... Whats more, after eating the samosas, I could not imagine ever eating another samosa without the relish. Big point for that.The naan was fresh and hot (as it should be), the side dishes were also very good. The lentils specifically were a nice balance to contrast the SPICIER than expected vindaloo. I can tolerate a fair amount of heat and have no problem with the runny nose and the heat sweats. I should have known when it came out with a long dried red chili on top that it was a sweat maker.If eaten straight, I may have had to take a break from the vindaloo but the combination balanced everything out nicely for me. The lamb itself however was tender and flavorful. Just as good as I have had anywhere.The real star at this joint to me was the Tikka Masala. I have taken down quite a bit of "DA MASALA" in my day and I have to say that this may have been the best I have ever had. I will have to venture back to Jackson Diner in Jackson Heights to compare but it was so good I had to stop the waiter and ask him for the story behind the fragrant and layered flavors that were slightly sweet yet still savory and complex.He nodded with pride and mentioned that this was a signature recipe for them and is known all over "Even in india" (He half whispered conspiratorially). He was very nice and made me laugh. Speaking of the service, I was very happy. I NEVER eat Indian food with out garlic naan. The lunch special comes with regular naan. I asked and was willing to pay for a separate order of garlic naan and was pleasantly surprised to have it brought gratis (it being my maiden voyage to Brick Lane). I am hard pressed to drop the fifth star on these guys as while the meal was a great value and the couple of items where real standouts, the rest of the meal to me was what i would consider above average.Suffice it to say that I was close and reserve the right to bump them up one more when I go back. And I WILL go back.Daddy Like (And my Daughter Maddy would like too) :)
So I edited my review big time to get straight to the point. Bhuna with lamb. I purposely didn't say lamb bhuna because I'm quite convinced the lamb was not stewed with the bhuna. If you stew meat in a liquid, you're bound to end up with little bit of meat in the liquid. You should also be able to taste the meat (and fat) in the sauce. This simply wasn't the case. I received my bowl of curry with a lot of tomato sauce and a few big chunks of lamb. If I didn't have the chunks, there would be no way to tell any sort of meat was stewed in it.Quite disappointing for a place that boasts of being "Home of the Real Curry"And by the way, their description of bhuna is "[a] well spiced curry where the meat is cooked with the spices in its own juices resulting in a thick and strongly flavored sauce." It mentioned nothing about a tomato sauce. Tomato being the dominant flavor, I was quite surprised to say the least. I was expecting a robust lamb flavor. Overall, the flavor was decent and the service was great. Naan was tasty and well toasted. The dessert included in the $10 lunch special made the overall value and experience quite positive. Although I can't picture myself dining here for anything else but the lunch special considering my curry experience.
Foods good.. pretty typical for an Indian restaurant.. kinda think they should rework their menu to raise the bar..they should also make sure the wine glasses match when customers bring their own wine... the only problem I had being a bit of a germaphobe.. I didn't like that they wipes the table down.. but didn't wipe it.. I was kinda embarrassed to bring my friends here.. the other thing was when we were asked if anything needed to be wrapped up, the waiter grabbed the food to be packed up by stacking the baskets on top of each other..
I cannot fathom why anyone would dine here unless walking was there only means of transportation for lunch or dinner. We came here for a Sunday afternoon lunch since every other Indian restaurant was doing buffet service only. I was the one who ultimately chose Brick Lane because they had goat on the menu.Lo and behold, they didn't have goat when we ordered it. The main non-veg. entrees are $20 a minimum and are enough for one person, but for two individuals is out of the question. What is even more absurd is the fact the meat isn't even fresh. Obviously restaurants pre-cut meats to expedite time but their chicken was dry and didn't have the flavor of their curry bases. The method of having the curries ready and you simply choose the meat is terrible. Let me proceed to describe our meal.Appetizers- Onion Bhajiya: These weren't bhajiya. They were diced onions put into chickpea batter then made into thick cutlets - similar to a poor take on the Japanese pancake/okonomiyaki. The taste was ok, but it's texture was dense. Bhajiya are light, fluffy, and crispy.- Aloo Chaat: Cold dish with mildly spiced potatoes and chopped onions and tomatoes drizzled with coriander and tamarind chutneys topped with a few fried crisps. This was ok but needed salt.Entrees- Peeli/Yellow Daal: Nothing special from plain lentils but overpriced ($16).- Tandoori Meat Sizzler: This had some good and some bad. The one lamb chop they gave tasted nice and juicy. I didn't try the tandoori chicken, but the seekh kebabs weren't seasoned enough and the hariyali chicken and malai chicken tasted like grilled chicken with no spices whatsoever. I'd recommend getting just the lamb chops if you want to order from the tandoor.- Chicken Bhuna: This didn't have bold flavor but it wasn't underseasoned either. If you want a middle road for flavor, this would be good.- Chicken Vindaloo: Strong hints of a tomato base and nicely spiced. This was pretty good and I used the gravy to flavor the above mentioned meats that were lacking.Dessert- Gulab Jamun: We got it cold which is most likely why it was very dense, but outside of that you're better off getting the canned stuff from your local Indian grocer.Ambiance/Interior:- Uncomfortably Small: The wood tables may appear nice, but they are not large enough for placement of all the dishes. It was an inconvenience to manage with the space we had and it doesn't help all the tables are close to one another.The only accompaniments offered are rice with the curries. No paapad to start or sliced onions, cucumbers, thai peppers, or lemons on the side with your main course.Poor use of proteins (or lack of in the case of the goat), underseasoning, high prices, and general lackluster quality all around makes this a poor choice for Indian cuisine. If you want something better, I suggest visiting Mausam on Bloomfield Avenue which is also located in Montclair but puts more flavor into their dishes.
Great little place that manages to both capture a hole-in-the-wall vibe and present itself as a sophisticated, friendly business with excellent taste.  The food was excellent.  We started with lamb samosas that my mother suggested were the best samosas she'd ever had.  Then we shared the tandoori prawns and madras curry with chicken.  The prawns were very nice, though I wouldn't recommend them (unless you really want shrimp) as it's not a very large portion.  My mother and I really enjoyed the madras curry, which paired well with the tomato chutney and onion paratha we ordered on the side.  The staff at Bricklane is super friendly and I couldn't help but wonder if it were a family business.  The restaurant is small and homey; that in combination with the friendly staff makes it feel like a privilege to eat here.Brick Lane is definitely worth the trip if you live in driving distance.  The neighborhood is really nice so it's well worth the drive.  The restaurant is BYOB so consider stopping at Angelbeck's up the street for beer.
My credit card information got stolen there!!!!! Back round I had not used my credit card for a few months paying off the balance. Met up with a friend whom I had not seen in a while and we went there for some food. I paid with my card, the only transaction on that card for months and a week later someone tried to use it at BJs #0022 near Philly Pa. I worked taxi and brought these men to Philly area before, I'm not Sherlock Holmes but that's where all this points. There food is very good I give credit where it's due, but I'll only use cash there from now on.
Came here with a friend for dinner on a Monday. The place was pretty busy. The place is BYO which is a plus. Highlights of the meal: the lassuni gobi (crispy cauliflower with a sweet and sour sauce) was the best thing I ate all night. It reminded me of sweet and sour chicken. The samosa was disappointing. The potato and pea filling was average. I ordered the lamb madras curry and my friend ordered the chicken biriyani. The curry wasn't spicy enough for me, but it had good flavor. It came with basmati rice, but no naan. The side of naan was $5, but it was worth it. I think the curry actually tasted better the day after (had it for dinner the next day). The chicken biriyani was really good. Very fragrant with all of the spices they used and the yogurt sauce on the side was a great complement to the dish. The service was also attentive. I would definitely come back to try their tandoori chicken and other more spicy curries!
Having eaten there many times, I decided to order delivery. Worst experience and food ever. Food was bland, the curries were SWEET, and the delivery guy would not let me close the door and insisted I give him a bigger tip.
I was introduced to this authentic "British influenced" Indian restaurant by friends this week. I am not a huge Indian food fan because most restaurants are just OK - cooking the same way. That is not the case here. Brick Lane Curry House has unique and interesting dishes (one favorite appy is the Lassuni Gobi - Crispy cauliflower florets tossed in a tomato and garlic sauce.I highly recommend giving this place a try - more than once - to get a chance to try different items.
Sunday lunch special is a great value.   For a fixed price,  you get a choice of 5-6 style of entrees ( your choice of meat or veg), naan, dessert and a few vegetable sides. All of the food items were very tasty.  I highly recommend this place.   I think given a different location or size of restaurant,  they could charge more.   Definitely worth it.
Love this place. Wonderful Indian food. Spiced perfectly. I am a frequent fan of the takeout and order the Samosa chaat quite frequently. This place is a consistent performer which is great. The service is also wonderful. A gem of a find.
Until very recently, I would have given Brick Lane 4 -5 stars, since we have been dining here since it opened. How surprised were we when we popped in last week and saw that they not only had new menus--but had new prices and there seems to be less on the menu. The other thing was that this was a Wednesday evening at 6:30, it was pretty empty (unusual for them) and took quite awhile for us to be served. We heard the waiter give some lame explanation about the new prices that didn't even make sense, and all in all, it just seems like it's too much to pay. Especially when you consider other local Indian and Thai restaurants that serve good food and at much more reasonable prices. I would say the average price per person now is about $25-$30, which is an entree + a naan or kulcha bread. My saag paneer was pretty boring, the vindaloo so just so-so, only the madras sauce was really tasty.Brick Lane management: learn from Egan's.They had great food for a very long time, then they raised their prices, the food plummeted, and they stopped serving Irish Soda Bread to customers (supposedly because the kitchen staff was eating too much of it).
Wow. I came here tonight with my boyfriend, the Wednesday night before Thanksgiving, and the place was packed. Luckily, we were able to be seated right away. Those that came later than we did had to wait a few minutes for a table to open up, but the wait did not seem to be long. The dining area itself is intimate, with no more than a dozen tables. Warm decor.For dinner I had the chicken tikka masala with basmati rice and my boyfriend ordered the seekh kabobs. So. Damn. Good. Portions were generous, too. Each dinner dish seemed to run around $20 (some a little more, some a little less) to give you an idea on the pricing.The service we experienced with our waiter, Raghu, was absolutely incredible. Keep in mind that there are only 2 waiters to take care of the entire restaurant. Water was replenished immediately, food was brought promptly, and he came over to check on us to make sure we enjoyed everything. When he found out it was our first time at the restaurant he also brought out some complimentary rice pudding for dessert - much appreciated!This is probably my new favorite Indian restaurant and I am looking forward to coming back here soon.
My girlfriend and I came here the night before thanksgiving after a failed attempt to go into manhatten. We had heard about the resteraunt through yelp and decided to come through. It was the best Indian food we've ever had. It was flavorful but not overly spicey. Our waiter Raghu wasn't pushy but very attentive and personable. I'd recommend it to anyone.
Service was good. They were very patient (we were a party of 4 adults and 2 toddlers) food was tasty and still hot when it came out. I had the malai kofta and it was tasty and good amount of spice. Went to the one in the city before also which was pretty good.
Excellent food, good service in a nice atmosphere. took a first timer for Indian food and they were very patient and walked them through a lot of items. Safe to say they were hooked on it by the end of the meal. I thought the Tandoori Chicken stood out. There are few Indian Restaurants in the area and while they are good, Brick lane has it all.
I'll keep it short and simple.   The food was incredible! Service was pretty good but I felt that since it was a week night and not that busy they could have been slightly more attentive.  The restaurant is on the smaller side so I kind of felt like we were on top of one another. In fact both sides of our table had issues with "chair bumping" from our neighbors.   Overall, the food was great and my only real complaint is the size of the establishment and the attentiveness of the staff.
I was a fan of this place since day 1. Can still remember eating there the first week they opened.  I was a huge fan for years but have grown weary.  The chicken tikka masala usually has about 4 pieces of chicken.  The least amount of chicken of any Indian place I have ever eaten at. And the appetizers are absurdly limited. And the food is very expensive for Indian food.  I think it's lousy value for the money and I have been looking elsewhere.
My gf and I got take out from here last night. We read great reviews and got recommendations from friends. I'm no expert in indian food, but she is. We both agreed the food was underwhelming and over priced. The portions were quite small. We ordered the chicken vindaloo which I thought was the best part of the meal, the lassuni gobi and the baghara baingan with a side of garlic naan. She thought the naan was good, I thought it was overloaded with garlic. The lassuni gobi were OK but we both agreed it tasted like fried chinese take out. The strangest part of the meal was the baghara baingan which we could only describe as and indian mushroom taco salad. It was was topped with sour cream and shredded cheddar cheese?! All in all, two "meals" an app and naan cost about $42 and was surely disappointing. We have heard great things about this place but probably will not be ordering from here again.
We order take-out from then all the time! They make very tasty dishes and have a lot of delicious options of your gluten free.  Consistently great food
Came here for dinner with my sister. It was super busy and we had to wait for a table; the waiter was excellent and showed us the menu and took our order so when we finally got a table we only had to wait 5-10 min for our dinner. We go chicken tikka and bhuna lamb - both were great! Best indian food I've found in this area. They are also BYOB! Can't wait to come back
It's almost a disappointment to find out that Brick Lane Curry House is a chain with 5 locations - almost. At the beginning of the stretch of Upper Montclair that is Valley Rd. is a surprisingly good Indian restaurant with date ambience to boot. It's a small place, but because the kitchen can't be seen at all, it seems like you are there almost all alone (but for other customers). The service is extremely friendly, helpful and attentive.The food is excellent. The chicken tikka masala was perfectly flavored and fully complemented by as much rice as you want, as well as naan. The vegetable dhansak was also great, lighter than the tikka masala and more mild. You may have extra you want to take home and when you do, they will toss some extra rice in the going home box, which was a nice treat the next day.I hate chain restaurants, but I am going to forget I looked on their website and pretend that this is a family-run Indian place that I will continue to frequent over and over.*_______________* You do what you want, but definitely give it a try.
There has been so much snow and cold. My husband and I rarely go out to lunch, but we had cabin fever last Saturday. We were both very, very impressed with the $12 lunch special. He ordered lamb in the golden curry sauce and I had fish in the lovely red and coconut sauce. Warm naan, sides of spinach with chick peas and warm lentils. Fragrant rice. The rice pudding (included) was just ok, but hey, we were full from all that amazing lunch food. Nice server. Sweet tiny space (we remember when a little Chinese place was there. This is much better!) Brick Lane for lunch, go.
Came here with a big party, service was great and the food was amazing!  Lamb, chicken, goat, everything was delicious!  Price of food is a little high and parking can be a challenge.
For an excellent Indian experience, you need look no further than Brick Lane Curry House. OK, OK, it's really ENGLISH Indian, but it's still amazing. Even as leftovers the next day.When you first walk in (especially for dinner), there might be a bunch of people waiting around the entrance; they're probably waiting for takeout. We tend to get seated relatively quickly. The servers are quite attentive and friendly, and ready to bring out glasses if you BYOB.And, ohhh, the food. So good. For curries, the butter chicken is excellent, while the bhuna and vindaloo is great if you're feeling a bit more spice. (My boyfriend, a spice daredevil, tried the phaal curry sauce and enjoyed it while he was eating it... though he was out of commission for the rest of the night.). The curries are thick, not soupy, and don't feel too oily. None of this "mass of oil rising to the surface of the curry to gross you out" business. Rather, the flavor of the spices and the vegetables in the broth stand out, along with the natural oils from your choice of protein, whether it be chicken, lamb, paneer cheese, fish, shrimp, or tofu. If you do feel like the spices have gone overboard, order one of their delicious mango lassis to soothe your tastebuds.Compared with other Indian restaurants I've been to, they don't give you as much rice with your curry (about 1.5 to 2 cups cooked), which gives you the opportunity to try some of their amazing breads.Their other dishes are superb, as well. The eggplant chips were great (though I kind of wish they'd put a different kind of cheese besides cheddar on top), they know how to tandoori a bunch of meats, but what really blew my mind was the tandoori stuffed calamari. I'd never seen such a dish at any other Indian restaurant. "Stuffed with a [DELICIOUS] seafood medley", consisting of more squid, white fish, and possibly some kind of bread stuffing. The skin of the squid turned red, presumably from the tandoori spices/marinade, but the texture was PERFECT. Unbelievable. Skilled chefs up in the Brick Lane!OK, it's a bit more expensive than your average Indian restaurant, but you get what you pay for. And, though the small dining space is intimate, the noise levels rise pretty quickly. Pretty easy to hear the conversations from the tables across the room.
I love this place! I always come here for the lunch special because for only 12 bucks you get: naan, two types of vegetables, rice, your choice of meat or in my case tofu, AND a desert! I always leave feeling satisfied and happy that I got such a great deal. This has become the only Indian restaurant I eat at!
OK. I'll give this place 3 stars because i've eaten here before. And the food was tasty. The takeout food, however, is largely hit and miss. Today, it was a major miss. If you like to order rice as your main lunch course, then this is the spot. Maybe the deal was that I ordered at 2 p.m. and I got some gristled lamb with my rice and small cabbage side. It was disgusting! see the picture. This was inedible. Seriously, there was about 3 cups of rice in my meal with lots of Goan curry sauce and 3 gristled pieces of lamb. It will be awhile before I decide I need a quick fix for leftovers from a nearby restaurant.
I feel inclined to review this place since I'm here basically every other week. This is definitely my favorite Indian restaurant in Jersey, and I've been to quite a few.Highlights/notes:- Samosas are huge, perfectly fried, seasoned nicely, and served with a great little salad of lettuce and relish- Spicy here is actually spicy. The phaal is deadly (could barely finish a small taste). The vindaloo here is very spicy, but still tolerable. The vindaloo is the curry to get if you crave actual spice, and is the one I most often get- Favorite medium spiced curry is the jalfrezi, which comes with a ton of veggies - Favorite mild curry is the moilee. A perfect contrast to the vindaloo and pairs wonderfully with seafood- Tandoori catch of the day: A whole steamed fish, usually red snapper, that is served with a great spicy sauce and a ton of vegetables. When it comes out everything is still extremely hot and steaming. Just awesome- The lunch special is not buffet style, but I actually like it more because of that. Still a huge portion of food (rice, naan, choice of curry w/ choice of protein, two side veggies, and rice pudding) and at a great price of $10- The food here is more expensive than your typical Indian restaurant: expect to pay around $30 per person on food alone. But it's oh so worth it.- Service is generally awesome, unless they're extremely busy. It's a tiny restaurant and the size of the staff is pretty small, so sometimes it is hard to get the attention of the waiters.- BYOB!
Came here last week for their $10 lunch special and I will absolutely be coming back here again! The special features many different flavors and generous portions of (almost) each. The special includes a meat and sauce (there's a variety to choose from), vegetable of the day, rice (which they'll replenish for free) lots of warm naan, and the most delicious rice pudding I've ever had. I chose the chicken tikka masala and it was served as only 3 small chunks of chicken in a huge amount of sauce. At first this would have been a complaint, but after eating some of the rich vegetable dish, rice, and naan, I was very satisfied and appreciated the small serving of chicken. I do have 2 complaints though: first, the restaurant was stuffy and too warm. Second, there are 2 steps at the entrance, and therefore it is not wheelchair friendly. My mom is disabled and it was difficult getting her in the restaurant. Aside from this, my family enjoyed the good service and left full, so we were still very pleased.Try the new(ish) Brick Lane if you haven't already!
Bland, way over priced (it's no $$) and kind of dirty. $55.00 for two basic entrees and a nann bread (we drank water) give me a break! This was our first try and I can think of no reason to ever go back.
First  time there, and very pleased. Everything we had  was nicely done and full of flavor. Portions are generous and the staff is very attentive. Held back 1 star because the space is very tight and they seem a little heavy handed on the MSG.  Will definitely go again, maybe on a quieter night.
We went to Brick Lane today for the lunch special ($10.00)We ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Korma. The lunch special comes with Dahl of the day, Vegetable of the day, rice, naan and dessert.We order Lamb Samosa to start (8.00), they had ran out of Lamb Samosa and brought us Potato Samosa,  for a second we thought about sending it back but we gave it a try, and it was totally worthy, I really liked it, it comes with an onion and tomato relish, great combination.They dahl of the day was lentils, the vegetable of the day was peas with onions, the Chicken Tikka Massala was tasty, the meat was tender, I really liked it. By mistake they brought Chicken Korma, so we told them and the waiter brough our Lamb Korma and it was DELICIOUS!!! the lamb super tender, super tasty, super yummy.The vegetables were good and the lentils too, nothing special to me.They give you plenty of naan and the waiter ask us if we needed as the more rice.We could not finish so we asked them to pack it to go, the portions are large.They brought the dessert, it was rice pudding, but no, it was THAT rice pudding that you are used to eat or that one that you dont wanna eat, this rice pudding is deliciousness, it comes with cashew nuts and golden raisins, I just LOVE IT!!, actually I couldn't help it and told the waiter how much I loved the dessert, he jump in and out to the kitchen and gave me 2 mini portions to go. And that, thaaaaaaat, made me love this place even more. So, I had a great lunch, good food and great service, I totally recommend this place!
I really like Indian food...I don't like it super spicy but appreciate a kick and the medley of all the wonderful spices....Brick lane was good but I expected more....the curries seem to be simplified versions of what I have tasted in other restaurants although still good... Also the naan was not fresh...you could tell it had been made in advance (which is fine if they would have popped it in the oven before serving) yet both naan and rice were cold by the time it got to the table....I would not be opposed to coming back but for 20 or more dollars for curry everything should be on point...
Simply the best Indian curry house I have ever been to in the United States. There is no comparison to his place the dishes absolutely delicious and we ended up taking home some curries just for dinner . I strongly recommend you try the vindaloo curries with naan.
Grest service everyone was very nice and the food was incredible! very authentic the naan was the best yet. Aloo gobi was delicious!
Great service and amazing Indian food. Tried  Chicken Vindaloo, Lamb bhuna and garlic naan. Will surely visit again soon.
I used to live down the street from Brick Lane and I get it whenever I am back in the neighborhood.  It is seriously THE BEST.  The service is great too.  It might be a bit pricey but it's totally worth it.  The lunch specials are big and much less $.
So I'm really torn about this place, but in the end I gave it 3 stars due to the following factors:1. Price - Brick Lane is horribly over-priced with entrees going well over $20.  This is about 3 times the price you would pay for a similar dish in a better indian restaurant in NYC.  There is simply no excuse for the pricing being that high.  My concern is that they are in a low-traffic location and are therefore passing the cost on to the customers that do dine there.  I decided to try the place out for lunch to take advantage of the lower price ($12 special) but I was disappointed with the quantity.  There were no leftovers to be had and we were both hungry a couple of hours later.  2. Taste - The food is good.  But not great to justify the price, even in Montclair.  There are a number of new competitors that beat Brick Lane on both price and flavor including my favorite which is Chatni.  I think Brick Lane would be a much better choice given the food they offer if the pricing wasn't so offensive.3. Staff/Decor - The restaurant itself is well thought through.  Small and quaint, we enjoyed lunch on a beautiful day when the all the windows were open.  The beautiful trees complimented the ambiance and decor on the inside of the restaurant.  The staff is also first-class and very attentive.  Our waiter greeted us immediately, promptly served us, and made pleasant conversation each time he checked in with us.
I've eaten at Brick Lane multiple times and I've never had a bad meal. They have several curries on the menu and all that I've had are great. They range in spiciness, and beware of ordering any at the end of the menu, they can get pretty spicy. That being said, I ordered the Vindaloo, one of their spicier dishes, and I thought it was delicious (albeit, one of the spiciest things I've ordered.) I've never ordered any of the other items on the menu, mainly because I like the curries so much, but they always smell and look excellent.
Stopped here late one night based on the god reviews and limited options. I ordered take out as it was close to closing. The waiter was really courteous and friendly but this was probably the worst Indian food I've ever had. I don't know if I caught them on a bad night or if it was because they were closing but I doubt I will be returning to find out.
Clean, modern yet cozy decor.  Great food at decent prices and very friendly and helpful staff.  A wonderful neighborhood spot.
Loved the lunch special. Food is spicy and flavorful just how indian food should be! Space is tiny but manageable . Good restrooms which are unheard of in indian restaurants. The prices are nominal if you go for lunch, dinner is very expensive . Overall thumbs up !
Excellent curry, nans, and service.  The goat vindaloo was one of the best I have eaten and just the right amount of spiciness.  The garlic naan and onion kulcha enhanced the taste of the vindaloo, but were a little too weak to hold the sauce - they kept falling apart.They let me try some of the Phaal and I truly liked the taste, masked though it was by the heat.  Two forkfuls with lots of rice and raita were easy to swallow, but I would fear the cumulative effect of a full dish.  The entire staff was young, friendly, and knowledgeable.  They gave me extra rice to go with my leftovers.Dave Lister dreams about this place.
This place gets 4 stars for the food, and 2 for the service, averaged out to 3 stars. The lamb biryani was good, a pleasant amount of hot spice. There were about five large chunks of lamb in the dish. A good quantity, but I would have preferred them to be cut smaller as I had to use a knife to cut them apart.We also ordered the paneer korma. The curry sauce on that was delicious! They had an excellent variety of naan, and some types that one doesn't often see. We went with the basil naan. It had plenty of basil, but the bread itself was very thin somewhat lacking in structural integrity. The service....was slow. We were there on a Sunday evening and the restaurant wasn't full. We had to wait quite a while to have our order taken. Then the wait for the food was also longer than normal. We asked for the check as soon as the food arrived, apologetically explaining that we were on a schedule. The waiter didn't even bother to come collect the bill once we had made it most of the way through our now rushed meal; we had to flag him down. My water was in need of refilling for half the meal too. Very inattentive service.
The food here is really excellent. It's all incredibly flavorful and not at all greasy. I know many people find that Indian food leaves them with indigestion, but that's not the case here.   The service here is very friendly, but it could be faster. The decour is fine, but nothing to write home about.   Two warnings: Firstly, if they claim that something is spicy, belive them. The spice never overwhelms the flavor, but it's most definitely there.   Second, this place is not cheap. Each main dish will run you close to $20, and you won't find any combination plates. Protip: go for lunch! They have an incredibly generous lunch special for just $10.
Holy. Hell.This is the greatest Indian restaurant on earth......or maybe just in Montclair.I don't care if there's one in the city.  It might be roomier, but good god, its little sister packs a hell of a punch.  Do you like curry as much as I do?  Put it in high gear... this is some seriously stinky-spicy-tasty-tasty curry.  There are around 10 different choices... the Madras is my favorite, but I have tried a few others, namely the Goan, Khorma(?), and Bhana...the latter being way, way good but a little bit too spicy for my likings... rice is extra, and for this one, you will most definitely need it.Appetizers... well, to be fair, I have only tried a few of the less adventurous dishes, like the samosas and the prawns... both were done just fine by me.I love that they have goat.  Right, big shocker, this is Indian cuisine... but still, that's pretty awesome.  What I would *pay* to see a Montclairian-housewive say, "Why yes, I will take the Goat Masala please...!!"Gets very busy.  When I first drove past this place... I was like, damn, what the heck are these people selling?  There was a line out the door.  Skip forward to today, it's still packed... tiny building can only fit so many.  So, get there a little bit early if possible.
Went on a Friday night around 7. Nice surprise from my wife. You can literally smell the restaurant from a half block away - which is good by me. We had to wait roughly 10 minutes for a table of two, not bad. Nice decor. Friendly servers. Started with the vegetable pakoras and garlic naan. Pakoras were ok. Needed a little more flavor. Garlic naan was pretty awesome. If you don't really like garlic, you should pass. It was minced and everywhere. My wife had the chicken tikka misala which was on point. She's not a huge fan of Indian but she liked it. I tried it and it was great. I had the chicken madras. Such great flavor. Chicken was moist. And Brick Lane is pretty legit when they say something is spicy. It actually is, which I enjoy. Minus the lack of parking, we'll be back. Great time and highly recommend.
My first Brick Lane experience was at the Upper East Side location and I loved it so much that of course I had to check out the one that is 10 minutes away from my house.First off, my server was amazing. I wish I could remember his name, but he was so helpful and accommodating. I had the vegetable tandoori and I loved it. The basmati rice is seriously to die for. The only downside is that the place is very tiny, but the wait is never really too long and it's totally worth it. I hate when people are terrified to try Indian food. It's so amazing!
Surprisingly eh....Not handicap/wheelchair friendly. Went for the $10 lunch special. Had the curry puff appetizer, which was huge (but it better have been for $8) but wasn't amazing or anything. The appetizers that came with the lunch special (if any) were forgettable. The place smelled great but the sauces for the CTM were quite watery and lacked the depth of flavor that I have come to expect from 4+ star yelp reviewed places. There was a good amount of heat to the sauce, but it felt very one dimensional.  The naan was awesome, but the rice pudding was waaaaay too gingery. The servers, while nice, weren't too attentive as I had to steal hubby's water glass several times before they came around with water refills (I have a low tolerance for spicy foods). Overall, I was just not impressed.
The Lunch Special is my go to since it is close to my job. So much yummy food and naan. Oh Garlic Naan.... Yes! Do explore and let your palate experience curry joy.  Feeling Funky - try the Do Piazza with Goat meatCurry Curious? try the Chicken Tikka Masala Playing it safe?  Biryani and Samosa for app. Feeling completely lost and confused - ask a waiter. Sweetest service in the area.Namaste, Curry Addict
We've been longing for the curry houses of England, and this is the first reliably similar experience -- from tandoori grill treats to curry traditions (jalfrezi, bhuna, korma, vindaloo) and a rice sorbet that fooled all the kids into thinking it was ice cream (served in a coconut shell). Great waitstaff and lovely casual family friendly vibe.
3rd time at Brick Lane.  I agree with a previous poster--WHY is it so expensive?  nearly $70  for 2 curries and a tandoori chicken.  Guess it wouldn't be so hard to, um, stomach, if the service was good.  We were the 2nd of 2 tables there.  One waiter was fine--the other, outright hostile. (And this is the second time we've had this experience with him.)  Took three prods to get the drink we'd ordered, and at least 40 minutes to get our food.  Then we figured out we hadn't even been told the specials.  (Second time this happened, too.)  A lot of great restaurants within 15 miles.  Think we won't be back again to this one.
Delicious food, incredibly hospitable staff and BYOB! I came here on a Friday night with a few friends on their recommendation. We ordered the Lassuni Gobi (fried Cauliflower) as an appetizer- it made my vegetablephobic boyfriend fall in love!  The chicken butter masala, as our entree, was out of this world-tender and flavorful.  The staff were so friendly, always checking on us and giving a complimentary dessert because my friends are frequent customers.  I wish this restaurant was twice the size because it was a little cramped and loud.  However, because of such great food and service, I can't wait to go back!
The lunch special is truly excellent, and very reasonably priced. Includes an entree, two vegetables, and dessert. Very filling but not overly heavy. Everything was fresh and the ambience is really pleasant--very comfortable, simple and elegant. Would certainly come back, and very likely will!
It wasn't a bad experience it just wasn't great either.  I'll start by saying we were the difficult table that included people with a gluten intolerance and vegans so we had plenty of questions.  It seemed as though one of the servers knew the menu inside and out and the other wasn't entirely sure.  I'd rather be patient while they ask rather than just say "I think you can eat this"  which was what happened (admittedly he came back after we had ordered and told us it wasn't "safe"). After our food arrived there really was no follow up to see how everything was or if we needed anything.  The food itself was really good and everyone walked away pleased but it was a bit pricey.  $17 for the Aloo Gobi without meat seemed a bit much.  I'm not saying I won't come back but I'm in no rush.
Huge fan of this place.  The curries are all amazing, especially some of the unique ones with fish and other options.  The naan is great, as are the samosas and all of the other apps we have tried.  It is BYOB and there is a wine/beer place right down the street.  Usually the tandoori is kind of bland and boring but even that was delicious here.  Cool small place in a walking neighborhood too.
Indian food occupies an odd place in the pantheon of American restaurant ethnic food. It hasn't become a domesticated mainstay, such as the American version of Chinese food. In Britain, Indian food occupies a place similar to Mexican food in the US -- an inexpensive but satisfying meal so popular that is not considered "exotic" in any sense. Not true in the States, where Indian food is often overpriced and poorly executed fare served in under-lit, shabby restaurants festooned with Indian trinkets. Thankfully, that stereotype is not the Brick Lane. Its very name harkens to the East London street curry houses (the neighborhood is now overtaken by trendy art galleries), not some reference to an Indian tourist icon, such as the Taj Mahal. Like the gentrified actual Brick Lane, the restaurant interior is modern (world's coolest ceiling fan) and comfortable, considering the angular building corner it occupies.For me the curries -- yes, I'm ashamed to admit I'm a Tikka Masala junkie -- are excellent. Bright sauces, and fresh meats and vegetables. Good spice notes with enough heat to be interesting. Probably toned down for local audiences (my wife and daughter disagree as they grasp for the water glass) compared to the London curry houses, but respectable and you can dial in the amount of heat you or your digestive system can handle.Complaints? $18 for a curry with chicken (more if shrimp, lamb, goat or fish) seems $3 to $4 too high. I really wish good Indian restaurants would price at the level they could compete with Mexican food as a "go-to" food to accompany beers and football at home. Other ethnic foods have been successful by appealing to the tastebuds as well as the wallet to gain market adoption. Why are Indian restaurants so reluctant to price their output at a level to be competitive with these? (Answer, it's not the cost of the ingredients or the labor.)So far, the only bad note on the food has been a garlic naan that was so much harsh raw garlic that it wasn't really edible unless I was going to a Twilight screening. However, the quality of the curry puts this restaurant on my speed-dial.
Delicious food. High quality ingredients. Excellent service. Had the fish madras, chicken tikka masala, and lamb saag, samosa and garlic naan. More than enough for family of four. Even took a bit home (thoughtfully wrapped with extra rice).  Yummy weeknight treat.
My husband and I went here for the first time last night.  We don't put Indian food on the rotation enough, and I was craving it (that's what being 9 months pregnant will do!)  We heard good reviews for this place and checked it out.  We were very happy with our food!  The restaurant was empty when we first arrived, but did start to liven up with more customers.  Service was excellent.  Our server was attentive, made sure our water glasses were always filled and got our food out in a timely manner.  We ordered the Pakoras (vegetable fritters) as an appetizer which was delicious.  We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Rosemary Naan for our meal.  It was great!  Everything was fresh and it really hit the spot.  We even had some leftovers to take home and enjoy the next day.  Overall, I definitely recommend this place if you're looking good Indian cuisine!
A few friends and I went here last Saturday, after finally settling on a date to complete the Phaal challenge. Having tried the small order of Phaal at the East Village location awhile ago, we knew we would be able to handle it. We chose the Montclair location this time because it was an easier trip for most.Three of us chose the Phaal, although I regretfully went with the smaller size again to a) avoid spending hours in the bathroom on Super Bowl Sunday and b) watch portion sizes (losing weight is awesome; gaining it back would not be so awesome).   Our other dining companion, who is not a heat freak by any means, ordered the balti curry. The three of us with the Phaal ordered mango lassis, and all four of us ordered naan. Since my Phaal was going to be pure hell sauce, I also ordered lemon rice. The Phaal was indeed fiery, but we survived. There was much hiccuping, a little sweating, excessive mango lassi sipping, and raita drizzling from my two companions. I felt the heat as well, but thought it was manageable. The curry was, as stated on the menu and numerous blogs, more heat than flavor, but not bad. The naan was perfect, and the lemon rice was tasty, studded with peanuts, cardamom, and herbs. D enjoyed both her balti curry and watching everyone else, especially her husband, suffer through the pain.We all finished our Phaal. Since I didn't eat the full size, I unfortunately did not receive a certificate or hat (I didn't know there was a hat involved!), but was happy for my two friends who did.Service was a little spotty. My rice did not come out at the same time as my curry, so I couldn't eat right away. Our server seemed a little overwhelmed at times. Also, as many have said, this location is much smaller (about ten tables). As a result, after we got our bill, the wait staff kindly asked us to hurry up because they had others waiting who had made reservations. With such a small place, I know it was understandable, but I still found it slightly off-putting because we really hadn't been sitting idly for that long.Despite those minor things, I would return here. Please also note that this location is BYO, and parking can be annoying since there aren't as many street spots as there should be; however, a parking lot is a short distance away.
Their food is well above average, and the best in the area (Bloomfield & Montclair) by a good margin.  But goodness are their prices high.  It's the only reason I don't order from them every week.
This place has a lot of potential but I've had better. Being in Montclair it's a bit overpriced. It's very small , forget about having a big dinner there . It's a couples joint. They have some great curries but not a good selection of Indian drinks. Only mango lassi which is pretty good and the breads are great. Your best bet is to get take out and share with friends.
I absolutely love this place. Great food and a great feel. Love the pakoras as an appetizer.  I've had many, many different curries here, all on recommendations from the staff.  Current favorite is the Madras, but I've also enjoyed the Korma, Tikka Masala, Butter Masala and yes, even sampled the Phaal when my boyfriend did the challenge. Everything is deeply flavored.  They do a great job on keeping things mild for the scaredy cats in your party too. Most if not all of the curries are naturally gluten free, too, as are the pakoras.  Wait staff is super knowledgable on the ingredients so food allergy folks should feel comfortable. I do with it was a touch cheaper.  The curries are all 18 - 20 bucks for relatively small portions of meat overflowing with sauce.  The curries are often very rich, yes, but I like a little more bang for my buck, especially when sharing is so much fun. Lunch specials are definitely where the value is at.Definitely not a quick bite, though they always prepare food for pickup surprisingly quickly given the length of the wait when you dine in.  Nice for a relaxed dinner date, a lunch with family or a friend and pretty much any other occasion you can think of involving a couple or a small group. But I've never gotten out of there in less than an hour an thirty/hour and forty five, so make sure you have time to relax and enjoy.
After dining here ~ 10 times, this review is long overdue.  The sauces are thick, rich and spicy.  The service is great, the ambiance is cool and it's BYOB.    If it's your first time eating Indian I suggest the Meat Sizzler, garlic naan and shrimp tikki masala.  Need more rice in your life... Paneer Biryani.    Bon appetit!
Yum!Definitely ranks among the best Indian food I have eaten in the US and specially in the NJ/NY area. Quick and attentive service. Only problem is the size of the place. Teeny weeny tiny room. That may also because it was packed really tight on a Sunday evening. Also, they made us sit right next to the door on a really windy/chilly evening. Every time someone opened the door, we felt uncomfortable. Other than these minor issues, the experience was great!I had the Goan curry and Madras curry along with the (pretty standard) Navratan Khorma. Reasonable quantities. Right spice and looked like fresh ingredients went in to making the curries. A lot of Indian places go wrong because of using old condiments (read that word carefully) and possibly deep-frozen shredded coconut. The naan, garlic naan and the roti were soft and fluffy. Somehow they knew exactly when to bring in the next order which is extremely helpful when you go in hunger and expectation with a couple of kids in tow.I try and choose my restaurants carefully, so as not to put my kid through a lot of discomfort (there is all the time in the world to learn politeness at the table and putting on a generally agreeable behavior - 2 years is not that age). However,  invariably a kid at the adjacent table means a lot of pain to people sitting around us and to the servers. In this case, except for an annoying old couple who kept looking at us every time the kids as much as breathed heavier than usual, no one seemed to mind. The noise levels matched the spice levels but  there was a general atmosphere of happiness and contentment - now, what better tribute can you pay a restaurant?!
Brick Lane in the East Village was one of my favorite low-key Indian restaurants when I lived in NYC, so I was excited to see one in Montclair.  The chicken madras is delicious, and the lamb samosas are also very good.  They include several sauces that my husband loves, papadum and a tiny rice pudding-like dessert - nice touches, especially given that it's a little pricey.  The staff are always very sweet when picking up food; I just wish they would start delivering!!
We like Brick Lane Curry House. The food is good and so is the service.I think we really like it because it is the only decent place to get Indian food in this area, especially Montclair. I would rate it higher except that the dishes are small (only 4-5 pieces of chicken in the tikka masala) and the prices are high, they also charge $4.00 per order of naan.And after a while, a lot of the dishes start to taste alike, not like the individual descriptions that you see on the menu and expect to receive.
I just tried Brick Lane for the first time last night and I'm pretty confident that it's some of the best Indian food I've ever had.    Don't waste your time at the other local Indian establishments. Brick Lane is a small restaurant, but being that we went during the week, being seated wasn't a problem. The decor is simple and contemporary, with romantic amber lighting. Everyone was very friendly and seemed to really care about the customers, as well as the quality of the food. Some reviewers complained that it is pricey, but I disagree. Prices are on par with most Montclair restaurants.
Trickery......BEWARE.......Girlfriend's dinner last night - Food is fresh and good (not great but good).  Service is fine not great.  Atmosphere is small and quaint.  Price is very expensive for Indian Food.  Our disappointment came while paying the check.  Our bill came to $46 (expensive for two petite ladies sharing a meal and some breads, only water,  but that is ok) and we gave the waiter 3 twenty dollars bills.  We waited and waited for our change (an hour).  He disappeared and never brought it back.  We finally found him and asked for change.  He was surprised and somewhat reluctant.  I guess he was expecting a 30+ percent tip.  I am a really generous tipper and, out of principle, I should have reduced it to 15 percent (which I did not).  Shame on the waiter and the establishment for enabling behavior like this.  I will think twice about returning.  I have been a Montclairite for 25 years and will pass along this trickery to my community friends.  There are a few new, honest, reasonably priced Indian restaurants on Bloomfield Ave worth trying.
Food: I ordered Bhuna. It was pretty good. A little bit on the gingery side for me, but my taste buds adjusted perfectly fine to it.   Under the clay oven options, be aware it does not come with the rice.  You must pay an additional $5 for the rice or bread.  My friends were a little confused with that because the menu was not clear about it.  The price was on the higer end for its venue. However, you are compensated for the portion size.  I had enough leftover for lunch the next day. Service: Good.  They were very friendly.  Even after the $5 mixup over the additional rice because of the confusing menu, they were very polite in answering our questions and helping us understand.  They were attentative in asking us about our meals and so fourth, but they did forget the pitcher of water we asked for.  Its ok, we forgave them it wasnt a big deal to us.  But  they were friendly and looked happy to be there.Atmosphere: Very crowded! The eatting area is small and tables were too close to each other.  I didn't really pay attention to the others eatting around me, but Im sure if your sensitive to the noise and can't tune out your surroundings, it will get to you. Those who were waiting to be seated were standing by the door.  The restroom was located near the waiters area. As i was waiting to use it, waiters were inputting their orders and there was a curtain seperating the cooking area and waiter area.  Very busy and I was trying not to get in their way, but it was small so I obviously was. I havent really been to alot of restaurants serving Indian food so I can't be too judgemental about the food. I would definitly try the food again.  For the most part I enjoyed my meal.  However,the dining experience was ok.
Holy moly the samosa's are delish and just the right amount of spice.. Lamb Biryani is quite a serving and is tasty a burst of flavors well done!!!
Found this place overpriced for slow service and sub par food.Reminded me of the Taj Group of Hotels food service, which is also overly dependent on ornate awkward presentation and mediocre taste.
Awesome!  Had heard about the Brick Lane in the city and remembered that there was also one in Montclair.  Wandered in late in the night but they were still very welcoming and accommodating.  Ordered the samosa to start off and it was very good.  Not too greasy like many others I've tried.  Ordered the chicken tikka masala as well as another chicken dish but I honestly can't remember what it was for some reason.  Everything we had was delicious!  Definitely some of the best I've had.  The service was amazing and they constantly made sure that we were satisfied with our meal.  Have also since been to the one in Ridgewood and I'm a huge fan of that as well.
Food was very fresh tasting, the seasoning was very bland. I like my spice and none was evident.  Service was spotty as well.
I've been to Brick Lane twice and have also been to the one in Ridgewood a few times. I have to say, I think the one in Ridgewood is a little better. Anyhow, I placed a takeout order last night, 1 chicken korma, 1 paneer saag and 1 garlic naan. The bill was about $47, which seems like a lot for 2 entrees and an order of naan, but I was really in the mood for indian so I let it go. The korma sauce was ok...a bit watery....nothing special and the chicken was kind of dry. The saag was DELICIOUS - literally, I don't need any protein in it...I could just eat in. The paneer was also very good, soft and fluffy, and none of that weird squeaky teeth thing. Naan was very good.I did have an issue with the heat level in both dishes. I placed this order online and each entree had a drop down list with options: "not spicy, mild, medium or hot". I selected "medium" for both entrees. I'm not sure if I can possibly convey how little eat both the saag and korma had. I like spicy food, but didn't choose hot because sometimes indian food can be very hot, and I still like to taste my food. My boyfriend and i found ourselves shaking crushed red pepper in a sad attempt to add some heat. I guess it was just very disappointing to spend $50 on takeout for two people and have our desire for heat completely disregarded. I probably wouldn't eat here again, unless we were meeting friends who wanted to. I might consider picking up some Saag, but will be sure to STRESS the importance of the heat level.
This was such an excellent experience.  The food was amazing.  Came here with a group of 8 and had the opportunity to order a lot of the menu and try a variety of dishes.I swear the garam masala spiced lamb was the best lamb I've ever had.  It just melted in your mouth.  Naan was mouthwatering and the curries were outstanding.  I personally enjoyed  the nigiri korma and the bhuna curries the most.Service is very attentive.  It's BYOB so bring some good wine to enjoy with your meal. Looking forward to trying out one of the NYC locations in the future.
Second time...as good as the first!Consistently good food and service.Tried a few different selections from the menu.  Honestly have to say once again we were very very pleased with the overall quantity and quality and service.
Would not even seat us!!Friday night (3/10/12) my wife and I tried to eat at Brick Lane. We arrived at 7:45 and there was one other couple of two ahead of us. We were informed that the wait would be 10-15 minutes, which seemed to be based on the fact that two tables of four were wrapping up. None of the tables of two had even received entrees yet. After we arrived, several other parties came in, including a party of three that came in around 8:00. At 8:05, after we had waited 20 minutes (longer than estimated), a table of four got up and we were told that we would have to continue to wait because the table of three that was waiting for 5 minutes would be seated ahead of us and the couple ahead of us. The staff simply said, you will have to continue to wait until a table for two clears. I have several issues with this. First, the estimated wait time was clearly based on the two tables of four that were nearing completion of their meals. I understand that the restaurant needs to be efficient in seating and if they took reservations, I would think less poorly on this situation because the responsibility in that case is on us to plan ahead. Second, my wife is 9 months pregnant and who knows how long the wait would have been as long as parties of the correct size for the table kept coming in behind us. Lastly, Brick Lane was not turning tables quickly because they clearly do more take-out business than seated business. I can honestly say that this was the worst treatment I have ever received in a restaurant by a long shot. We left and so did the couple ahead of us. There are too many good, professionally run restaurants in Montclair to waste time with an ill run restaurant that can't decide if it is a take-out joint or actual restaurant. I DON'T CARE HOW GOOD THE CURRY IS, YOU CAN KEEP IT.
