One of the best Indian restaurants in Brooklyn. Try the aloo dum, chana saag, and chaats. Staff are very open to substitutions - very vegan friendly if you want to avoid dairy.
I read the reviews before going there and was a bit hesitant. It was pretty empty for a Friday night however the food was good. The service was awesome. He asked us frequently if everything is okay and also made small talk (which is a A plus in my book). I had chicken masala and garlic naan and my friends had shrimp curry. Both dishes were delicious! I will definitely go again!
I can't actually eat here. It appears that I am one block outside of their  less than 1 mile delivery radius. Their food was delicious last time I ate there, but the management were horrendous. Over the phone we had this exchange: "Can you deliver to my location?" "No deliver!" Hangs up. I call back: "Can you deliver to my location?" "We only go there for $100 orders" Keep in mind that I am less than a mile from this place, and I literally live on the same street. Then he said:"If you want the food so bad come get it." And he hung up on me. Just wow.
Food: The food here is good. I usually get the Tikka Masala and the potato-cake appetizer, as part of their pre-fixe meal. The food may seem a little overpriced for Indian food; however, it is usually enough food that can be evenly portioned for 2-3 meals. Service: I usually order delivery. The guy on the phone is usually pretty rude. If it wasn't for the food, I most likely wouldn't order from here. However, I don't know how to make indian food, and I don't know of another indian restaurant near my apartment. The delivery guy is nice.
50% off dine-in for lunch. POW!Take out is also great. The Bhartha is incredible (especially when you pile on the tamarind. Ohgodyes).
This is a hidden indian gem with authentic taste and great selection at a great price. Every once in a while I will pick up one of their spicy curry take outs for lunch. I am good for 8 hours. Lot of good food with great spices.
Is it the best Indian I ever had? No. But it is quite good. And I do not have to travel to Queens.The chickpeas and spinach and butter chicken were very good and were more than enough for 2 adults and 2 kids.
This is going to be a short review, and I'll tell you why in a moment. Before I tell you however, know this: It's actually really good. And the best part of it is that during "happy hour" from 12-4 everyday, if you eat in... It's half off.Seriously. I have no idea how they've stayed in business, but I'm guessing because it's really delicious.
Deliciousssssssss. Not only that, my boyfriend loved it and he's never to keen on ordering Indian food. The creamy almond sauce in the chicken korma was complimented with sweet mango and grapes cooked into the dish. Add rice and a little bit of nan bread and wow. Danny's Tikka Masala was also delish with plenty of flavor throughout the whole dish. After teaching him how to eat it, yes teaching him, you know how to mix the rice in with the dish and piling it on top of some nan bread and he was in heaven.  We ordered two specials for $12.95 which comes with an appetizer, dish and bread from GrubHub. Kinara delivered within an hour, and sooner than we expected. Waiting for us by the door after walking the dog. $30 for two specials we have lunch for tomorrow too. You wont be disappointed. Yum.--------------------------UPDATE---------------------------------Delicious even on day two.
The fact that they deliver to Sunset Park (especially when my local Indian place shut down) via Grub Hub is a blessing. I always get some sort of curry and found the food flavorful. However, the lack of stars is for the delivery staff. I've been ordering take out for over a year and with the past two orders, both different gentlemen couldn't seem to find my apartment and started yelling at me over the phone. I understand that at night it's difficult to see the house numbers but there's no reason to say I've called in a fake order and I need to re-order. I'll be looking for another place to order from now on.
Not sure why ppl are hatin' all over this place. They spell it out for you! GO DURING LUNCH!!I've only enjoyed Kinara during their 1/2 off lunch deal and all but once, my table was the only one occupied. Besides the point...I thoroughly enjoy the Tandoori Chicken, Chana Saag, Bhartha, and their rice. The staff is friendly. We walked in today and it felt like they'd all decided to recreate the climate from the motherland. It was sweltering inside. We kindly asked for them to switch on the AC and they were happy to do so. It immediately cooled down to a nice, bearable temp.Again, I digress. Point is, good, plentiful, flavorful food for a great price during lunch.
TIKKA MASALA SHOULD NOT TASTE LIKE A DESSERT.this offends my finer desi sensibilities.
My wife and I _love_ this place. I'm not sure why it has only 3 1/2 stars.I work in Curry Hill and I consider Kinara's better than the places on Lex (service and atmosphere can be fancier on Lex). Especially since it's BYOB and Gnarly Vines is just one block over. If you're hesitant, check out the 1/2 price lunch special. You and your other can get out of there with a gut full of sag paneer, navrattan korma, and roti for about $15.I'm not sure why there are complaints about the default spice level. I'm not sure that northern food is expected to be spicy. My only possible complaint is that they don't have the whole dessert assortment like some of the Curry Hill places, but that's probably best. :)Five stars. I'd eat there every meal, if I could. And have very tight pants.
Cheap cheap cheap! The Chinese in me is jumping for joy at the cheap lunch and dinner specials. Lunch is 50% off from 12-4 and the two of us only spent $19. Unbelievable! We ordered:Saag Paneer - One of the most fresh ones I've ever had. Spinach was bright green and tasted fresh not frozen. Also it was very creamy and delicious.Naan - Best I've had in NY. Served chewy and hot. PerfectionLamb Curry with Vegetables - Lamb was tender not chewy. Samosas - Flaky crust and served hot. I hate cold samosasWe also brought in 4 beers from across the street. (Hooray for BYOB! They have a huge selection at the organic market.) I've also ordered delivery which consists of 1 appetizer, 1 entree, 4 sauces all for $14 bucks. It was at my front door in 10 minutes (I'm not exaggerating either).Seriously, what's not to love?
Came in tonight at 10:06pm and 4 employees just seating around doing nothing while the entire restaurant is empty and was told that their kitchen is already closed.  Hello!!!! you have it published that you are open till 11pm!!!!
Love it love it love it! I am not a major fan of Indian food with all of that crazy oil but this place do serve up some good food! It is prepared correctly for sure and i have tried just about everything on the menu. The Chicken Marsala is the BOMB! Here is a hint..if you go during the lunch period...everything is 50% off. Major value there but they do that because i swear i never see more than 2 people eating in there but that is a shame because the food is really good!
$15 for dinner delivered with tons of leftover food for the following day.The only thing I get is the tikka masala, and it's delicious.  It's a little sweet, but tikka masala is a sweet curry.  The curry has tons of spices and has a great depth of flavor, unlike my other indian delivery spot Curry Heights.  There are a lot of large chunks of tender chicken swimming in the curry.  It also includes naan and basmati rice; your traditional accompaniments.  Most of their apps are lackluster in the meal deal, but they're free so I don't really care, besides I'm ordering from them because I want curry, not apps.****
Oh, Indian food... you and I need to get to know each other much better than we do, love.Luckily for me, places like Kinara's exist and are helping me do just that.I love this place.  It's not only because it's located a mere 10 minutes away from my apartment.  It's not only because of their INSANELY AMAZING HALF-OFF LUNCH deal from 12-4.  It's because everything I've gotten from the place has been so delicious that I find I crave Indian food every time I'm on Myrtle avenue. Which is often... I mean, I live ON Myrtle Avenue, pretty much.Now, the reason why their lunch special is so amazing to me is because... well... let's face it. I'm broke. But the half off deal has enabled me to try all KINDS of dishes I haven't had before, and as a result, I've become more knowledgeable about what I like in the realm of the cuisine, and what I don't. And I don't know if Kinara's is just that awesome, or if it's just Indian food itself, but I there's not much I don't like.I eat here once a week, guys. I will say that the ambiance and service is lacking somewhat, (hence the 4- instead of 5-star review) but I can deal with it.  My face explodes from the deliciousness every time I put a forkful of food in my mouth from this place.  Definitely my favorite place on Myrtle. EXCELLENT!
I am definitely a fan of Kinara and a loyal customer. They are the better of the Indian restaurants Serving the Fort Greene / Clinton Hill / Bed- Stuy neighborhood with prompt delivery to a larger area than many of the other restaurants. Kinara does very good Curries (in the British sense of the word, TIkka Masala, Korma, etc.) , good breads, aromatic rice and decent Appetizers. Their price-fixe dinner delivery dinner, which works out to $14.11 with tax, provides you with more than enough food to share between two people. We have dined in on a few occasions, and to tell you the truth, you would think that they were about to go out of business, because you will be the only people in the restaurant. But if you listen to the phone and watch as their delivery people go out and customers walk in to pick up orders, you will understand what the secret to their success is.
This Indian place isn't  amazing, but it isn't terrible either. Actually, what I have found out is if you don't tell them the spice-level you want, it is pretty bland. The lunch prices are very good though, so if you do go- definitely go for lunch- as long as you eat in the restaurant, everything (except drinks/soda) is half price... everything.I have been there twice. I would recommend the samosas, naan (regular and garlic) those have been good every time. I have also eaten the dal makhani and tried a few different types of saag, all of which were good, just a bit bland for my taste (and I don't like it incredibly spicy).
I've tried and loved 3 or 4 of their curries, including korma, tikka masala, and vindaloo. The portions are HUGE and I'm not a small eater.The vindaloo is CRAZY spicy. I usually get the korma - it's not as mild as other places but I really love the combination of spices.Delivery is usually quick and their naan is warm (but sometimes too crispy in places).
Okay, so maybe the guy who owns this place is a prick.. but don't let this stop you from coming in!The food here is AMAZING- but what's even more amazing is the lunch special.. HALF OFF?!! HELL YEAH. I've come here twice and gotten the chicken tikka masala- you can't go wrong. The nan is incredible, as are the samosas- especially the sauces.
I'll preface this review with the fact that it's been a while since I went here. However, when I lived near Clinton Hill this was a weekly spot for me. The staff was always courteous and allowed me to BYOB. The curries were all spiced very mild, but with some kindness and convincing they'll heat it up for you. The things that always shined for me were the fresh mango lassis (a mixture of canned mango pulp, fresh mango, and house made yogurt) and the great nan. The tikka masala is advertised as the best seller, but it's way too sweet for my tastes. Their Rogan Josh and Vindaloo were the better spiced curries. If I'm back in Clinton Hill I will definitely stop back in and write an update review.
1/2 off from 12pm-4pm.  I had the Chicken Vindaloo (mild) and Tiki Masala.  Both were tasty.  The portions were a good size.
I absolutely love Kinara, but if you aren't coming for the in house 50% it is a little pricey for the quality. The sauces though, oh my god the Tikka Masala is so good, the Korma as well. The guy who works there is an ass, he makes you feel bad for getting delivery (thank you internet), makes you feel worse for picking up and taking out, and makes you feel weiiiird for being in there. I get Kinara regularly, but the meat they use is a little cheap.
Not sure why I haven't Yelped about Kinara's yet - I thought I'd already - but in some circles, later is better than sooner.I always hit up Kinara's when I'm in the neighborhood during lunch hours - 50% off everything on the menu from 12-3pm.  So, a lunch for 2, say, Tandoori Chicken, Balsa Gosh, and Garlic Naan, is going to set you back about $15 including the tip.  Did I mention that it's BYO?  Also, as Monisha B. below pointed out, they have a $11.95 take-out special for a full meal.  Did I mention that it's BYO?"Okay, okay, I get it, it's BYO, and it's cheap.  But what about the quality, taste, and authenticity?" You may ask.  Well, did I mention that it's BYO?  No, really - I keep repeating the BYO thing, not because I'm an alcoholic (no, I am, but that's not the reason why I keep mentioning it), but because I forgot the other day and failed to bring along a bottle of red for my lunch with Chris H. - the food is delicious.Lamb is tender and juicy, shrimps plump and fresh, and naan is very good.  I highly recommend the garlic naan.  Who doesn't love garlic?As for the authenticity, I really can't really tell you, since I'm just a lowly Korean with very limited knowledge of Indian Cuisine, but I can repeat that it is delicious.  Also, the service is very good and the folks at Kinara's are very friendly.  One of my favorites in the neighborhood.
I've had better Indian food. The chicken masala was nasty. I could taste and smell the dead animal. Yuck! Customer service was poor. I will not go back.
This place is one of the reasons why I miss living in Clinton Hill! I got take-out from here maybe once a week. Their food is always fresh and really tasty. I usually order the panir bhurjee or mattar mushroom with some garlic naan to go with it and it always hits the spot.
Their take-out special is a good deal for an entree, app, and naan. Their food is usually exactly what we're craving. Dining in-restaurant leaves something to be desired, though - especially during the summer when the AC is barely running. Also, it's BYOB. Opt for take-out.
I really loved the chicken tikka masala. I approve.
Yikes--the food is really not very good here. I ordered the okra, which I get at every Indian restaurant I go to because I'm predictable and boring. This was one of the worst, unfortunately. I was actually a little surprised by how utterly bland the meal was. It was as if the okra hadn't been seasoned very much at all, let alone properly (I like extremely hot food, and this was, well, less than mild). I literally added spices myself--and not just chili powder. I'm talking curry, cumin, turmeric, coriander, mustard seed...the whole shebang.And the mango chutney is terrible! How does one make such sub-par chutney? The texture was all wrong, as was the taste. It was sort of like eating strange mango jam or something.I say this very reluctantly because the gentleman behind the counter (I ordered take out) was incredibly nice, generous, and accommodating. and I was sort of looking forward to becoming a regular here. Really mediocre, at best. Oh well.
Myrtle Ave. is hard crowd to please but I really like this place. They have really good vegetarian, the Saag Panir is my fav but there are a lot of veggie options plus they do have a pretty good seafood selection for an Indian restaurant... my chronically broke sister who thinks pepper spray is a condiment likes the Vindaloo if they make it extra hot.  The portions are large (I hate small veggie portions)  and the naan is respectable. My one dis-satisfaction is the rice. It's not bad it's just not that awesome rice you get in some Indian places... all things considered Kinara's pretty good.
Solid Indian, and perfect for take out. It's fresh, hot, and always arrives within 20 minutes of ordering.  It's not especially inventive food, but it is a delicious meal, and they have a really good dinner special (appetizer, entree, naan, and sauces for $14). Definitely a favorite when I'm too lazy to cook.
DO NOT EAT HERE!  THEY PUT GLASS IN MY FOOD!Even tho delivery is supposed to be free I got a very rude delivery guy last time i order delivery.  So this time i went to pick it up, I had to go back and demand a refund because (after eating half my meal and crunching one to many times) I found clear inedible balls of what looked like glass or plastic tucked throughout my naan bread. What's worse is that when I went back, and picked out the balls in front of THE OWNER TRIED, HE NOT TO REFUND ME BECAUSE HE SAID IT WASN'T GLASS, IT WAS PLASTIC AS THO EITHER IS EDIBLE!!!  I told them i was going to report them and the cashier said "so, what."  Then the owner tried to only refund me $2 of the $20 meal because it was just the bread.  THIS USED TO BE MY GO-TO INDIAN SPOT, BUT I WILL NEVER PATRONIZE THEM AGAIN, AND YOU SHOULD RECONSIDER AS WELL.(And now that i reflect on it, it looked like that poisonous silica balls they package in shoes and purses in the little bag that says "POISON, DO NOT EAT.")
Lunch specials are unbeatable.Kinara's definitely seems like a hole-in-the-wall sketchy sort of spot, and the service is far from impeccable, but you can't mess with the lunch deal for real. Murda ave. sure isn't known for food joints, but Kinara's is definitely a find to be found. Yep.Listen up students on a budget, go eat at Kinara's mmk? K.
I ordered the takeout special, which, under most circumstances, is totally a great steal right? After tax, tip, etc, $16 for a delivered app, entree, naan and condiments... Yeah, except the lamb rogan josh I got was literally swimming in oil. The sauce had separated and there was pretty much 2 inches of oil in the container. Disgusting. The lamb was also fairly tough.The chicken lentil soup I got was pretty much chicken broth with maybe a tablespoon or two worth of pureed lentil. I was in the mood for soup, so it worked, but not really impressive. The naan was yummy, not the best I've ever had, but again, it worked. The condiments were all fairly, well, gross  again.A very sad waste of $16.
Came here last week for the lunch special. It's true, everything on the menu is half off from 12 to 4pm ... EAT IN ONLY!I went with the Goan Shrimp Curry and a nice hefty piece of garlice naan. The curry was PHENOMENAL. It hit every spot it possibly could. My mouth was watering just watching the waiter sit it in front of me. The garlic naan, while large and perfectly baked, didn't even have the faintest hint of garlic. That was slightly disappointing, but did I really care? No. Because the bread to sauce ratio was spot on. And with curry that tasted that good who cares what was wrong with the bread? For $8.50 + tax and tip I had a wonderful lunch. Thank God they transferred me to Brooklyn. The lack of decent Indian in the Financial District was killing me. Service was good - never had an empty glass of water, but I wasn't pestered either. Maybe that was because I was one of three people in the place. I'll just assume the lack of clientele was simply because it's the best kept secret in Fort Greene. Fine by me. I'll be back at least once a week... :)
We've gotten lunch delivered twice in a row now, and I'm pretty sure we'll be ordering it again today. Not sure if this is a good thing, like wow the food is so f'ing addictive and delicious that I want to it eat every day, or a bad thing, like, wow the food is so f'ing addictive and delicious that I'll need to go to an OA meeting to help me stop this insanity. Hoping I'll just get sick of the perfectly spicy lamb saagwala, the ridiculously balanced sweet-tangy-creamy chicken tikka masala, the smokey and moist naan, the fluffy, flavorful rice, and the sticky/crunchy/sweet Ka-chori before that happens. To that end, I guess I WILL be ordering from them again today. And probably tomorrow too. UGH. (btw one star taken off for the meh/dry samosas).
I was originally going to give this place three stars because the fixed price special (one appetizer, one entree and naan) is fairly cheap ($16 for enough food to last 2-3 meals) and it's on Seamless Web making ordering completely mindless, easy and payable by credit.Then I thought about the food.It's incredibly bland all around. The chicken tikka masala, malai kofta, lamb rogan josh, pakoras and samosas are consistently off in both texture and flavor and I'm pretty sure the only things keeping this place in business are a dearth of good Indian food in Brooklyn and an incredibly cheap lunch special. When a place offers 1/2 off lunch every day that's a pretty good signal about the quality of the food.I pretty much only order from here when I have a terrible craving for Indian food but can't be bothered to leave my apartment to go get it.
This is it! This is it this is the deliver place you have been looking for in Clinton Hill.They take your order right...dairy makes me very ill and they have yet to screw me. Vegans and meat eaters are equally happy. (You can ask for roti instead of naan, which has a touch of dairy, by the way, even though it isn't on the menu.)Winter staple, poker night staple, working from home staple. I like the Lamb Rogan Josh and the Aloo Gobi.Solid tasty Indian food. Thank you Kinara!
I walked in here and there was one couple quietly trying to enjoy themselves when I barked to the manager, wheres the music it sounds like a morgue in here! That set the tone for this evenings feast. It was gonna be a fun one. Tried the spinach saag, lamb kebab appetizer and two types of chicken tika masala that were prepared exactly the same. The sauces were identical, so why the hell didn't the guy say anything? So whatev, the food was good, not that hot if i remember correctly and the saag wasn't as dynamite as I would of liked. Just a run of the mill Indian joint in Brooklyn that caters to white people.
We went here for dinner and had a nice meal.  The food and prices are ok, not sensational.  I think this will be a better place for lunch as the menu states that lunch is 1/2 off.We were the only customers in the restaurant on a Thursday night around 8pm.  I'm not sure exactly why but it seems like this place is empty a lot.  I think a lot of people order delivery rather than eat-in.  So the atmosphere was a bit lacking.  The server turned on the music a few minutes after we arrived.My boyfriend and I both ordered veggie curries and the flavor was good they were just really bland.  Pretty much the most bland Indian food I have ever had.The rice was very tasty and flavorful.  We also ordered onion naan which my boyfriend thought tasted like pizza dough.  We had enough leftovers for lunch the next day.I think that I will go back for lunch and order the dishes spicy.
Kind of a silly place. Their chai was just a Bengal Spice tea bag or something.  The tandoori chicken was overcooked.  There is just no good Indian food in Fort Greene.
We love Indian food, and this is the best we've had in awhile. Easily the best in Ft. Greene.
Got takeout with my girlfriend. Bought two of the combo meals. Comes with an appetizer, entree, naan, rice, chutney, and cucumber yogurt for only $12.95. There was so much food that we only ate one! It was the Tikka Masala. The sauce was very flavorful and sweet. The appetizers were run-of-the-mill but the sauces were all great. I would definitely recommend this place for take-out.
You don't want to sit here - they have a tv on with bunny ears. I'm sure that the tv will still be sitting there, bunny ears in place, no signal -- long after the digital transition. But watching House of Payne while getting my naan warmed (phrase just coined and trademarked) definitely added some ambiance.But you do want to get take out. 11.95 per person gets you a ton of food - appetizer+entree+naan+rice+sauces. I got  2 dinners out of it, which doesn't happen often with NY take out.Chicken Vindaloo is HAAWT, beware. I love spicy though, and am glad to find it. A lot of places dumb down their flavor to suit anglo palates, but Kinara doesn't.bottom line: good value, and more than passable indian eats.
I order the 'takeout special' for dinner and absolutely love it.The chana masala and the samosas were pretty good. Plus the delivered in no time. Definitely ordering again.
We think this is the best Indian in the neighborhood.  It is consistently good and spicy enough to please my husband.  Try the samosas or the chicken tikka - very tender chicken and I am picky!
I go here pretty often when I'm poor. Because, lunch here is AMAZING. I'm completely digging that 50% off at 12 to 4pm I'll just tell you: get the bread basket and get an entree. You're bill will be around 11 bucks but its a meal for like 3 people. The bread is amazingly filling. Just dip that bread in that entree. Its satisfying =)A secret is that, if you want them to cook you really spicy food, you have to go with an indian friend. I dont mean that its racist or anything but I can understand. I'll admit it, I dont think I can take the spiciness of the real deal, but if you have a lust for REALLY spicy food, this is usually the way to go in indian restaurants.  by the way, the place is BYOB. and, even if the desserts arent included in the 50% off, the rice pudding is not bad.
This place is a gem. Amazing biryani, tikka masala,korma, vindaloo, and even the samosas are bomb! The take out special will feed you two meals easily and gives a great chance to try something new.  I usually get take out but would eat in anytime. I  am actually surprised that they aren't packed all the time!By all means go, and see for yourself.
The reviews on this page are pretty much in line with my opinion on Kinara's - good, not great, but I'll happily take it since it's all there is! The staff is really friendly, and the food is always consistent, so it's definitely worth checking out. My biggest complaint - it can get a little bland - I wish it were spicier!
I recently ordered again, and it was disgusting.  The soup was predominantly oil, and I don't care what appetizer I get for free!  If the food sucks, then who cares!
Edible Indian in a neighborhood with a dearth of Indian.This is the funny thing about Fort Greene and Clinton Hill.  You will see like 5 different versions of certain kinds of restaurants, and then pretty much nothing else.  The especially sad thing is that, seeing as there is no really authentic Indian anywhere around here, FG/CH would be the perfect place for an updated, slightly whimsical, slightly upscale, slightly dumbed-down-for-the-whiteys Indian restaurant.  An Indian version of Bonita, for instance.  Kind of like Brick Lane or Baluchi's.  It wouldn't be my favorite ever, but considering there isn't something ultra-authentic and awesome just down the block, you could make a case for it.Unfortunately, all the neighborhood restauranteurs are too busy coming up with yet another take on North African fusion or pricey Tuscan to run with this idea...
I just moved to the neighborhood and was happy to find this place.  Kinara's is really a top-notch Indian take-out place.  Seriously.The Chana Masala is the best I've ever had.  Perfect consistency and spice.  The portions are large and it's quick.
We eat here often, but truthfully they only get 4 stars for one dish alone.  The lamb vindaloo is excellent.  Everything else is okay, but this dish is amazing.  We usually order out, as eating there is interesting.  Not much ambiance, and the last time we were there we could here the cooks screaming at each other.  Finally, someone turned on the radio...thankfully.  So...eat lamb and eat at home and you will enjoy this place immensely.
I've been getting takeout from Kinara a couple times a month since I moved here. I love the chicken vindaloo and the samosas are delicious. I usually get the entree special and split it with my boyfriend. We've tried some of the vegetarian entrees and those are great. They're really fast too. We usually can pick up only 10 minutes after order. I'd definitely recommend Kinara for some solid and delicious takeout.
Decent indian food.  Certainly not the best I've ever tasted.  I recommend ordering out versus dining in.  For some reason, the food tastes better.  Good chicken saag and tiki masala.  The samosa's are ok, a little bready and not flavorful enough.  Good mango lassi.
The food was so good, especially compared to the Indian restaurant close to where we work (three Brooklyn Neighborhood's away). We would call and order from here and pay them extra to deliver it to us. Each dish compared to our local spot taste better, more depth as if the meat was cooked longer or the ingredients used were more carefully chosen. Not sure what it is, but whatever it is they got it right. Want something HOT, try their lamb vindaloo. That was hot enough to almost burn a hole on my tongue. I recommend getting a mango lassi with that. Want something really flavorful, try their chicken Tikka Masala. Enjoy!
This restaurant was always a running joke with me and my friends because every single time we pass it, it is completely empty. Seriously, I don't even know how they stay open because even when I've eaten there, we were the only customers.I've only eaten here twice, but I give Kinara 3 stars for the Ka-Choori with 4 sauces appetizer. Mmmm.
I've dined in here and called them up for delivery, and always been pleased with the service and food. The naan is fluffy and delicious. The rogan josh was a bit spicy for me, but I'm a wimp. The chicken vindaloo wasn't spicy enough for my friend. I think spicy is a matter of opinion.
The delivery guy arrived at my building and demanded that I come down to the lobby to pick up my food rather than him coming up to deliver to my apt. door.  Demanding.  What?@?@?  Wrong on so many levels, foremost being: I was already in my house clothes and slippers, with my hair wrapped up.  What sense does it make for me to have to go change and comb my hair, so I can go down to the lobby to pick up delivery?@?  In other words, I looked presentable enough to open a door to my apt for a delivery man, but looked inappropriate otherwise. Secondly, the point of delivery is to maximize your own convenience, i.e. to have it delivered, not delivered 7/8ths of the way.  I've just never heard of something like that before.  In my entire life!  And believe me, I order a lot of delivery.  Finally, the delivery guy had an attitude that was just miserable and terrible when he was demanding on the phone that I come to the lobby to pick up my delivery.  Demanding.  And arguing with my doorman who I could hear in the background telling him to just go up.  I hadn't yet spoken to my doorman, but apparently, he thought it was as ridiculous as I did, and was telling the delivery guy to just finish his job - i.e. delivery.
Ordered here, and won't again for this explanation.  I don't eat rice, so I asked them to sub SOME nan (bread) instead.  Received a small one. yes one.  This Indian place is cheap and I don't mean inexpensive: it cost me $14.95 for kebabs and that one nan!  Biriyani was average, nothing special.  I'm Indian, and thought the food was average, but this place is shamefully overpriced.  Maybe it's worth ordering Indian from some other neighborhood instead.
I order in from here all the time, and it's just great.  Just as important, it's incredibly consistent and affordable.  I typically order the lamb rogan josh, which is awesome, and it never disappoints.  Try it--you won't be sorry!
This place is good but not great.  I have definitely had much better indian food, this place is lacking on the spices in their saag paneer, but the chicken tikka masala wasn't too shabby.  I give it three stars though because the delivery but more importantly the dinner combo, $12 gets you an appetizer, entree, naan, rice and dessert.  Seriously, how can anyone go wrong with that?  A great place to order from in a pinch.
this is the best indian food in fort greene/clinton hill!  and the take-out/delivery option of an appetizer, entree, naan, rice, and dessert for $11.95, makes this indian-food-loving-indian oh so happy!   the saag paneer, aloo papri chaat, samosa, and channa masala are slamming. i highly recommend this place.  they don't have their liquor license yet, so you can bring your own boose, but the special mentioned above is only on take out or delivery (perhaps explaining why the place is always empty).
We have only had delivery but we have been very pleased.  Very flavorfull, traditional indian fare.  Average delivery time.  Worth the wait!
true -- it's not the best food in the world, but its good and consistent... and there's no better indian in the 'hood (that i know of).  the meal deal ($12 for app, main, naan, sauces and desert treat) is pretty fair... and you'll usually have leftovers.
