I once gave this a 4 star review and honestly, I'm not sure why??? It's so freaking good! Absolutely give this place a try. They're one of a kind.
I used to always eat at this place during my Columbia U days. The food is consistently good and filling. Where else in NYC can you fill up on a nourishing meal for $5?
This place is downstairs from my grandmothers apartment. I tried going to a few different places near by just to try new stuff when I'm in the city but I went back to Roti Roll tonight and as I'm eating my lamb Frankie I'm just like, "Why have I been wasting my time?" So good, so fast and not too expensive
My roommate forgot to pick up some Indian food for me @ this restaurant near her job and I had a serious craving over the weekend...ergo my decision to try my luck with some of the Desi fare around my neck of the woods. The restaurant itself is more takeout than dine in.  Takes a little time to get the order ready if you don't call in advance, but it's NBD.  I ordered two chana masala frankies ($8 total), popcorn shrimp ($8) and aloo fries ($3).  All the food was generously portioned, so it took me four sittings to eat everything. The popcorn shrimp was pretty spicy and unique in flavour, the cilantro mayo went well in cooling off the heat.  Only bad part is that you may need to eat these immediately, as the shrimp becomes quite soggy (though they crunch back up in the oven, though).  The aloo fries are literally like potato chips with a chili curry seasoning...it even comes with a spicy garilcky ketchup, which was fun to eat.I got two frankies because I presumed they'd be very small and not filling.  One absolutely did the trick in stuffing me...I had the second one for dinner the following day.  It's almost similar to the Trinidadian roti that I used to eat as a kid, only it's a bit smaller in size and not as flaky.  Definitely pleased with my spontaneous trek.
Roti Roll is a go-to! Consistently delicious food, quick delivery, friendly staff if you go in person. Two frankies are filling. I usually order lamb and chicken malai.
I was surprised, the rolls here are beyond exception~The lamb one is pretty good.
I've had similar rolls elsewhere, but these ones are outstanding. The flavors and textures are spot on, the roti is great, nothing is super oily, and they're very fast. I'm dying to return.
Love this place. The food can't be beat, same with the prices. Honestly one is enough for a filling meal but when I order, I usually order one and an appetizer to share with a friend. Expect a language barrier and don't even try calling over the phone. That's my one complaint but generally they're pretty accommodating and try their best
These are solid,  cost effective khati rolls with various options.  I had bookmark this place on the Yelp app and when I found myself in the area, I jumped in. I ordered the lassi,  aloo masala,  bhindi masala and samosa chaat. The rolls were like wrapping paratha or chapati around meat/veggies and seasoned well. I was hungry and  so excited to try this place bc of the vegan/vegetarian options so I went nuts. The amount of bhindi that you got was very minimal.  Only a few pieces and the rest was stuffed w raw onions and tomato.  I had to open the roll, take the pieces out, dump the onions/tomatoes out, and then eat the little bhindi with the samosa chaat and chapati separately, unrolled. All you tasted was the raw onions.  It Ruined the dishes. I ended up doing the same w the aloo masala.  With all the grilling that they do, they could easily grill up some onions with the masala (as is normally done) or hold back on the amount of onions! When I took the food I actually ordered out, I realized the roll is mostly filler of onion. And being that I ordered vegetables and not meat, that's unacceptable to me. I should definitely be able to get a full serving of vegetable. The mango lassi was delicious.  Very very delicious.  The samosa chaat was OK. It was mostly channa and maybe half of one samosa. At most one samosa cut in two pieces.  Not a full serving of two samosa cut up, or have the samosa big enough where they could give you one samosa and it's still enough.. Now that I reflect,  It is irritating me how they hold back on giving you vegetables and load up on fillers. I wouldn't buy the bhindi again bc of how few pieces of okra were actually in the roll. The aloo masala khati roll was good in the samosa chaat,  not as a stand alone with the onions. So if I went,  I'd ask them to hold the onions (as a MUST) and then pay for the portion of two "Frankie" and put them into ONE khati roll for a decent amount of vegetables (not huge, but more than 3 to 4 piece of tiny slice okra on a whole wrap!) I'd still come back, but I know how to order better now. I'd like to try the baigan and the aloo gobi.
Indian food prepared Mexican style. Traditional dishes are wrapped in a chapati, like a burrito. Cheap & delicious
3.5 Stars Chicken Malai Frankie Roti + Chicken (with honey and spices) Roti-texture was pleasant, a lighter version of naan with a solid biteMalai-liked the zip of flavors, chicken was overcooked Honey Chicken-definitely on the sweeter side, same issue with the chicken Hot Aloo Fries-has a strong fiery kick, potatoes were limp and lacked salt! Execution of the protein was lacking, portion for the price is subpar, and lastly take it to go (very little seating inside) Overall ThoughtsNot a love but certainly not a hate
This place hits the spot! Always get the Chicken Makhani with a Mango Lassi. It's so flavorful. It's great to go and not very messy when eating. I highly recommend coming here anytime of the day.
I Love This Place! My Friend Gotten Me A Roll From This Place 3 Years Ago. And I've Been Ever Since! My Favorite Is The Chicken Or Lamb Roll. The Chicken With Green Spices Not Honey! Too Sweet For Me. Great For After Too Many Cocktails. Cheap Too All Are Mostly Under $6 Eat Up!
They're known for their frankies, which are sort of like small Indian burritos I guess? Cool concept but was disappointing... I tried the chicken frankie, the aloo fries, and the mango lassi. Lassi was not good, very thin, not very flavorful. Fries were just okay, and the frankie was also mediocre in taste. Would satisfy a drunk craving but nothing more.
I wish I lived closer to this place. I would probably come here at least once a week if I did. Sigh, too bad I live pretty far away, so I only get to come here if I am in the area. On my way home from a work function, I stopped in here because I was in a desi mood. Sometimes, I can't eat a whole dish with rice and roti. And so...a "frankie" does the job just fine. Think of a burrito, Indian style. I ordered aloo masala frankie ($3), an order of samosas ($3 for 2) and hot aloo fries ($3). And for $10, I had 2 meals!Aloo masala frankie was very tasty and filling. The samosas were on-point (came with hot chili sauce and tamarind sauce) and 2 for $3 is a pretty sweet deal. The only disappointing thing was the hot aloo fries, they were just A-OK...Service was fast and friendly, so I'll definitely be back when I am the mood for some more "frankies!" This place also has many VEGETARIAN options, so that's a win-win for me!
The frankies are quite filling and have a good portion of stuff inside. We tried the lamb one and the one with okra--both are really good. The chicken lollipop and shrimp popcorn are both spicy and tasty, but to be honest I'm not sure how often they replace their frying oil--the oil smells not fresh and like it's been used to fry things here forever. That being said, I still like their food and the price is very reasonable.
Ah, Roti Roll - by far some of the best, cheap food near Columbia campus. I can't count the number of times I've walked to Roti Roll for a late night snack or dinner when I've been too lazy to cook. (and for those of you less inclined to make the trek when you're all cozied up at night, Roti Roll has the fastest delivery by far). Although their roti aren't as buttery delicious as Chapati House's, their location is far more convenient. Also, I've noticed orders after 2 am tend to have the best roti (the guys in the kitchen must be the most experienced from an influx of late night college students - either drunk or up studying). I've tried almost everything on the menu now and chicken makhani, baigan bartha, and the okra are my favorites. Although I love palak paneer, I think there isn't nearly enough spinach in Roti Roll's version.If you're looking for a bit more than one roti, get two of the same for a slight discount or do what I do and add on a calamari or popcorn shrimp order. The shrimp isn't "popcorn" so much as breaded with spices (same for the calamari) but it's still amazing - not to mention the cilantro sauce that comes with it. My roommate opts for the chicken lollipops and they've been so good every time as well.
This food is fantastic and cheap. I'd recommend almost any roll. It's just a hole in the wall, but it's really great for a quick bite.
Tasty food , quick  & supports a local business. The rolls are good and tasty and with a Mango Lassi is only 13.50$ for a filling meal. At Subways ... the footlong chicken is 10.50$ and its a national chain.This is a way better bargain and soooo delicous
Roti Roll wins the takeout Olympics. My food came in 10 minutes. I think the grease on my frankie is still sizzling
I was in the area, read all the great reviews and decided to give it a shot. Definitely not what I expected. I ordered a chicken frankie. It was really bland, none of the meat had caught the flavor of the spices. I didn't finish the whole thing because of the taste. It is also a huge portion. I wouldn't recommend this place.
My stomach is small and cannot store an entire bombay frankie so i opt for the friend shrimp with cilantro mayo, which is da bom(bay)est! Although I have had the lamb frankie and the shrimp one with the white sauce. The mangi lassi (yogurt drink) isn't so bad although with no recyling I feel terrible buying the drink too often. Oh wait, I bring the container home to recycle! BTW - they are open late night and if you want to peak into Suite next door they play decent music!
Not tasty compared to Kathi roll and other roti roll places I have tried. Place was not clean and the guy on the counter had extreme attitude! Sorry you lost me.
Ain't no kati but for uws it'll give you a roll for your money. After a long day at work nothing better than indian junk food. As i watched the guy make it i realized this would not be amazing. They throw some precooked chicken on the stove and a pre-make break warm it up and roll it. Put some sauce on and you're ready to go. but at $9 for 2 it's a pretty good place. don't expect to be wowed by the taste.
I love food that comes rolled in bread. I love Indian flavors. I love inexpensive and generous things. Clearly, roti roll and I are a match made in heaven. 2 rolls for $6-10 depending on what's in them. I like the basic egg, potato, pea mixture, which for $7 can be lunch AND dinner. Topped with tomato, onion, and spicy cilantro chutney... yes please! Also, a great hangover cure. There is no seating except a few stools around the edges, but this food is utter perfection when enjoyed on a strangers shaded stoop. Grab a napkin and enjoy.
Hot Aloo Fries were too spicy.  Masala Unda Frankie was delicious. Chicken Lollipop was fine, a little too deep fried for my liking. Good prices.
Pickled paneer frankie!!! So  so good!!! I stumbled upon this place when I first moved into my apartment. I had some friends come help assemble my furniture and we were looking for a quick bite to eat. Since then, I've been back 5 times in one month alone! My personal favorite is the pickled paneer frankie, with extra spicy sauce. Service is good and quick!  It's also just a few blocks away from the park, so get it to go and enjoy one of the best parks in the city! Can't go wrong with this place.
This cute little place is perfect for a late night snack! This was the first food I tried when I visited my friend in NY. Its pretty much like an indian burrito but the outside is crispier like naan. The rolls were definitely not like anything I tried before. I tried the chicken roll which was delicious! I also got a snapple since the mango puree drinks looked questionable...
A  Hole in the wall .... Small Gem of a place ....You never know what you'll bump into walking around New York.....Chanced upon this place last week after attending a service at St. John the Divine and although I initally wanted to check it out... the weather was bad....it was raining quite hard and couldn't wait to get to the subway and  home.  .....Saturday ...after coming from Camille's we finally strolled into this place .For a little shack....they surely have a big selections to offer....aside from the  Roti Rolls they also have different kinds of drinks....The popular one is the Mango Lassi which is a concuction of Mango and Yoghurt....I ordered the Aloo Masala (potato and the Palak Paneer (Spinach) very delicious..They also have finger foods like Chicken Lollopo, Masala Calamari and Spiced ShrimpPopcorn..... These delicious Indian Style Wraps was a sure hit.....Roti is delicious and the sauce amazingly flavorful....Prices are great and its open until 4:00am.......A definite answer to the  Mexican Burrito.............
I live VERY close by, and it is a daily battle for me NOT to grab a roti here. A burrito of a different spice. It's so good and fresh and yummy and cheap. when you get "spicy" it's just the right flavorful spice. I tried a few kinds the first time, but the basic ones are so good, I can't bring myself to stray each time I return. Def take it to go. Def tip the guys, who are very nice.It's weirdly attached to Suite next door. tehe!
you know those nights you feel like being ambitious and yelping a spot to eat ?horrible choice....slow, cold food, attached to a weird karaoke bar type thing. save the ambition and skip this one.
Yum. Chowed down on this pretty late on a Saturday night and was not hungover at all the next day. Can I correlate Roti Roll to anti-hangover? No, but I'm going to anyway because it was delicious.Highly recommend the fries/chips and sauce.
Thanks to Roti Roll for introducing me to the world of FRANKIES. They are the best late night snacks!I would go there every other day if I were a Columbia student, because I went there every day while I was staying in the area.
simple place to catch a filling Indian burrito.  Great late night location.  It's a food stand type of place with a physical location
Oh my gosh, this place made my tastebuds so happy!  My friend ordered and I was not hungry so I did not get anything, but he offered me a bite.  It looked and smelled so good that I took one, and then two, and then three bites, and made him get more!  Yum!
Terrible place! The guy showed us how big the size would be. When I got it, it turne out to be half the size. The roti was also stale & old. The 'fries' or 'finger chips' looked nothing like they were described. I believe the drunk gay people & transvestites from next door are the people that make this place run & give the retarded views.
Delicious, cheap, fast food that i practically lived on, once upon a time. Delivery is reasonably fast, even on icy evenings. Definitely have had better frankies in Bombay, but finding such good quality in New York was an unasked for bonus! My favoritees - palak paneer, chicken malai and aloo-gobi-matar rolls! Yumminess.
Really good! I got super into Roti Roll and ate here two or three days in a row after initial introduction, so now I am over it.
The Indian-style chicken drumstick lollipops at Bombay Frankie are worth a try!   I used to go here when I lived in Morningside Heights.This stretch of Amsterdam Ave has a bunch of hidden hole-in-the-wall joints like Tacqueria y Fonda.
Cheap, fast and pretty good is exactly what this place is. I went about 4 months ago and haven't been back, however I would go if it were convenient. I really did love their "chips" which was a sweet potato fry type food. It is worth trying but not something I will go out of my way for.
Ingenious!  I have never had portable Indian food, and not only did Roti Roll fulfill this category, it was also just plain delicious.  I ordered the palek paneer, which is definitely one of my all time favorite dishes within the genre of Indian food and in general.  The paneer was completely different than the typical dish you'd see at an average Indian restaurant.  The spinach was drier and the cheese was finely shredded and mixed in, but it still had all of the yummy flavors and spices...and the best part of all, the plethora of flavors was wrapped up into one delicious roti roll.  Roti is similar to naan but a bit thinner.  Also, the staff was pretty great because they stayed open just to allow us to be their final customers of the night around 2:30am.  My only suggestion to help them make this place even better is to lighten up on the raw onions in the rolls.  I will thank you and so will my breath.
Cheap, fast, hearty, satisfying. I've never experienced a greasy roll as others report. Great spot from St.Luke's and Columbia.
So I'd mostly encountered Roti Roll's fare at university club lunches and I'd usually though the food was decent, so I stopped in here for a quick lunch.  Hey-o, eating a frankie fresh and hot was a revelation after all that cold delivered fare.  This is a cheap slam dunk for a quick carry-out lunch.  Liked the unda aloo with spicy sauce.  In the past I've had the aloo fries, which were alright cold but I bet would be much better hot.I suspect, though, that this place really earns people's respect as a source for drunk food.  Of course, it also serves beer, so you can make that happen any time, right?
Small little place on the side of the street ... kind of had that take out only look to the place with very limited barstool seating against the wall.I had the Chicken Malai Frankie with Egg ... and a Mango Lassi !and shared a hot aloo fries .... the sauce that accommodated the fries (some ketchup and hot sauce mixture with maybe ginger?) was very good.The food order made by my friend could have been a little smoother, but the workers were fairly receptive to her ordering style hehe. All very good! and relatively cheap! nice quick and cheap lunch!
Roti Roll is seriously my favorite food.  For a cross-country drive, my girlfriend and I literally bought 17 rolls from them so we would have ample food.  I'm a vegan, and after you remind them 17 times not to put the green sauce on, and they still forget and have to re-make your order twice, it's still totally worth it.
Roti roll is oh so good. Never fails to please. Indian cookin rolled up in a delicious roti. I pretty much always get a chicken frankie, but I've been meaning to venture into their other offerings. The guys there are nice and serve you quickly, and its great that they are one of the few neighborhood spots that are open when you have late night munchies. I usually do takeout, but they have a few bar stool seats if you want to quickly eat-in. I had never tried a frankie before, but roti roll has me converted!
The kids in the neighborhood just call these things "Frankies." Man. They are really good. Another reviewer called them "ingenious" and she's right - it's an Indian food sandwich. Brilliant!It's not a very refined food, but like a really good hamburger, it's really good. Also, very cheap and open late. 5 star worthy in my book.My tip - stick to the cheaper ones, usually vegetarian - the simple flavors really seem to stand out here. Adding an egg is delicious. They are a great deal when bought in pairs, but I need to come with a friend to do that.
This used to be my fave place. Get them while you can! I still love it but either my hands are getting bigger or the frankies are getting smaller.
Really tasty, well-seasoned stuff. I always get the tofu-mushroom or palak paneer roll. Decent value at $5. They're pretty filling.
This place is amazing. Not only are the roti tasty, but with prices starting at $4.50 for one or $8 for two, this is the best of all worlds. Cheap, delicious Indian food in portable rolls! What could be better?It's true that this place has no atmosphere. But hey, the food is portable! Who needs atmosphere?
been to this place after looking at the rave review this place received .. We ordered aloo anda ( potato and egg )roll and chicken malia roll.. We got our order in no time.. I would have to say I was a bit disappointed with the chicken roll .. I like my chicken roll to be a bit juicy and with some curry.. this roll wasn't bad at all but a but dry for my liking.. the aloo anda roll was very delicious which made up for the dry chicken roll.. In all a very nice place .. i think next time i will stick to ordered vege rolls and try out few of the other vege rolls they have..
Bombay Frankie is a beautifully done hole in the wall serving Indian sandwiches the taste of which you cannot imagine until you've tried them.  Each frankie is wrapped in a roti roll and is tightly wound with delicious ingredients.  The first frankie I tried here was the chicken malai frankie which comes with chicken marinated in cream and spices.  The taste blew me away and prompted me to get another delicious frankie: the aloo masala frankie.  This one comes with spiced potatoes and sweet pea mix, but you can also get it with egg.  I ate this one on my stroll home because these frankies are the perfect walking snack.  They're easily hand held and don't make a mess at all.  There is seating in the little hole in the wall including window views, but it is very limited.  The frankies are cheap, delicious, and relatively healthy, how can you go wrong?
I've never had anything like this before, so it was pretty interesting to try.  I would describe it as indian flavored curry & food wrapped up in a burrito I guess?  The place is pretty small and not too sitting friendly, so I would recommend getting it for takeout.  I forgot which two I had, but I'd definitely recommend the vegetarian ones w/ potatoes over the choices w/ chicken b/c the meat was pretty dry.
I had too much wine. Friends had too much beer. We were wasted and coming back from another bar. "Roti roll? What's that? That sounds fucking amazing right now. " Took a suggestion from one of my drunk friends and ordered the aloo masala frankie. Potatoes and peas & green sauce rolled up like a burrito = crazy delicious. For $4.50, you get two of these bad boys. Man. I should've swiped a bottle of that green sauce. It's sweet, tangy and not too spicy. Anyway, my only gripe is that the only fucking location is waaaaaay uptown. I live in the Financial District. FML.
Wow! I love Roti Roll! If you like Indian flavor and want food on the run you need to try Roti Roll. Fantastic! Normally I would post a pic but I couldn't stop eating until it was gone.
It's like Frankie Goes to Bollywood--in my mouth! I had the chicken and potato ones, and they were greasy and delicious. I'm going to try every single frankie on the menu, possibly after one big bender at Suite bar next door.Update: The lamb frankie was the best so far. But I just wasted 20 minutes flirting with a fauxmo. Come on!
LOVE THIS PLACE! the food is SOOOOOO good & it fills you up (i'm a big eater). I NEVER feel ripped off. the food is always fresh. my stomach is always straight after eating there. service is friendly. they're open damn near 24 hours. i can't say enough for these guys. hustling like raindrops. gotta respect 'em. oh & you can get cheap coconut water & cheese pastelillos at the dominican bodega next door!!
The rolls were delicious and I would have given them a 4 but I became very sick within hours of eating it. I'm lactose intolerant and I think there were some dairy products that I was unaware of. I didn't give them a 2 because I don't think it was due to food handling or anything like that.
Super YUM. pickled paneer. eat it and you will be happy  you did.also super cheap.can't be beat.
Good, but I wish the rolls weren't so greasy. I know roti rolls aren't exactly a health food, but the roti feels practically deep fried. Nice and spicy, though. The hot aloo fries are served hot and crispy, pleasantly spicy, with a cool spiced ketchup - overall, pretty tasty. Not exactly an eat-in restaurant (there's just a few bar stools, and the space is tiny), more of a grab-and-go place. The major bonus is that it's open late, so I can grab one if I'm out at night.
Okay so I came across this place at 2am with my two gf's after a night of disappointing bar hopping around the area and near Columbia.  We were all hungry and since the Mexican taqueria we initially chose was closing this was our next option.  I was very surprised at how good (albiet greasy) the rolls were.  I got the aloo gobi roll and it was a great snack.  These rolls are fairly small so if you are hungry you will need more than one.  The green sauce is awesome and although it isn't something I would venture all the way uptown for any given day it is worth a walk if you are in the area at a late time of night.  The service was fast and the establishment is clean.  I think the most entertaining part of the experience was going to the bathroom.  Very strangely this place must share rent with the bar next door.  This particular bar has an interesting bill on Saturday nights.....drag queens and transvestites lip syncing to random show tunes.  On our hilarious trip through the bar to the bathroom we stumbled across a womAN singing the song "poor unfortunate souls" from the Little Mermaid.  My mouth as well as my friends dropped as we hurriedly rushed to the bathroom and back trying not to crack up.  Definitely an odd combination: roti rolls and drag queens singing disney tunes.
I frequent roti roll about once every two weeks.  It's pretty darn awesome because: 1. it's delicious2. it's cheap3. it's great food when drunk4. unda aloo (egg, potato and sweet pea mixture)5. it's cheap6. it's portable7. it's cheap....seriouslyIt's probably one of the better deals in Columbia area for starving grad students with picky pallets.
My search for the perfect frankie in the United States hasn't ended.my friend is a great fan of this place and was dying to get a bite of the yummy unda aloo frankie.so we hopped on to the train for the adventorous 2 hours journey just to get a bite of this.my curiosity increased as we got closer to the place and i was hoping this to be the perfect frankie.  The place is located right next to Central park and its a got a huge sit in place and they had a number of finger food choices like aloo fries and chicken lollipop and different type of frankies.we ordered the pickeld paneer and aloo unda frankie.The bread was a normal roti and it was filed with chunks of panner mixed with pudina chutney and other sauces.it was nowhere close to the Bombay frankie but the filling was kind of satisfying.This place isn't bad but i liked Kati roll in Greenwich better and yes i am not going to stop.my search for the perfect Bombay frankie in United states continues..sighhh.but this place is god by itself and wouldn't mind going back  :)-Smriti
Delicious. Cheap. Portable. I love this place. There isn't any place to sit; just order and then go eat somewhere else. St. John's is right around the corner, and you can go sit in the garden there or in Morningside Park if you want to walk a few extra blocks. This place is ideal for college kids. If you're there late at night, you can hear the music from the gay bar next door, which interestingly has the same owners. Go figure.
This place is fantastic!  It's cheap, it's simple, it's quick, and it's everything a person needs in a grab-and-go food joint, especially late at night.  Just as importantly, the food here is genius!  They take delicious curry, put it on warm roti bread, and wrap it up like a burrito so you can eat it on the go.  So easy and so good.  There need to be more places out there that do this.A word of advice:  go there with a friend, or be really hungry when you order.  Then you can order two rolls, and get a dollar off.  Though it's not like you need it when each roll is about $5.  Also, be sure to check out the calamari.
This place is so reliable.  We've eaten here twice, and it never fails to satisfy!  I think we've had just about every roti roll (yes, in just two trips), and there is not one I didn't like.  Great excuse to get out of your apartment, go for a walk, grab some rolls, go home, and lounge helplessly on your couch.
Simply put: If you find yourself drinking up by Columbia you've really blown it if you don't reach Roti Roll before the night is over.Brilliant drunk food in a region STARVING for drunk food.  When drinking at 1020 if I pull out a napkin and ask "who wants roti roll" I'll get the majority of the table calling out orders by memory.  Its a little heavy to eat sober, but after/during some beers it is ridiculously good.  The meat isn't all that interesting, I tend to stick to aloo gobis and palak paneers.   Nothing wrong with the meat, it just doesn't compare to the ridiculously good other options.
Om nom nom nom nom. I used to live around the corner from this place, and when I did, I ate there 3-4 times a week.My only complaint is that I don't think the frankies travel well. The few times I've had them delivered I regretted not getting them fresh from the griddle.
I love this place! My boyfriend would bring me roti rolls once a week when he came to visit me when I lived in the area and I had never stepped into the place until last night. They still remain my favorite take-out food and my boyfriend says that they are his favorite vegetarian food. They are delicious and filling. I feel that one and a half roti rolls is perfect to fill you up. One is too little and two is too much. Go with a friend and try different ones. My favorites are the potato and green pea and the chickpea.
I wish there were more late night places like this in Boston.  What can I say?  It's Indian in a burrito... a burrito!  Make sure you get the hot sauce, but be careful because it's pretty spicy.  Therefore, if you don't love spicy foods then ask for it on the side.
Dats what im talking about: very decent Indian food in a wrap for 5$! What a concept. Filling and good! Now just need to add some indian beer and a picnic table out front.
Roti Roll is A-mazing! I'm not really sure what roll I had because my boyfriend ordered it for me, but whatever it was it was spicy and delicious and just a great solid lunch meal!! Dripping with the most amazing green spicy sauce, every bite of my roll was pure heaven! The mango lassie was also very good. It was fresh and refreshing and just great for a hot summer day. As for the price, this place is great for a yummy meal under $5. It's a tiny little place with a few stools, but the food makes it a must-try. I can not wait to go back!
So it's late and you're kind of tipsy.  You want to soak up that hangover before it starts, but luke-warm mediocre over-priced pizza doesn't sound appealing.  You like Indian food but sometimes wish it were portable.  Go to Roti Roll.  Plenty of vegetarian options, and options in general.  Greasy goodness with a special green sauce  Friends enjoyed the chicken appetizer as well.  Service is pretty efficient.  You can enjoy the music from the bar next door while you wait, or sit to enjoy your roll.  Also, if you like spicy food, the flavors are good, and they have an extra spicy version of the green sauce too--be advised: it can hurt!
Very very slight difference from the chicken rolls you get at a regular deli.
I thought my chicken malai roll was disappointing at best. At $5 I was expecting a lot more and it doesn't favourably compare with the value you'd get at any of the others. The sauce didn't work for me either and the customer service did nothing to enhance the experience.
Good, cheap food served late into the night. I have tried the Unda Aloo Masala Frankie, which is a roti-crepe hybrid stuffed with spiced potato & sweet pea mix with egg. It's pretty good stuff. You can even say it's kind of healthy. The same can't be said for Chicken Lollipop, but who cares? These are Indian-style chicken wings, a heart attack waiting to happen, a damn good late-night snack for a mere $5. On the down side, I tried the Hot Aloo Fries but wasn't too impressed. I would imagine the lamb frankie is pretty good. For night owls, this is a handy place.
I had a hard time deciding on the rating for this place. Really, most of the time, it should be a 3, only I never go there before 2AM. And after 2AM, usually after leaving 1020, it becomes a magical place for drunk munchies. There's something about overly buttery Roti mixed with lots of hot sauce and potatoes that makes the morning indigestion worth it. They keep late hours on weekend nights for bar hoppers, which is a plus, but I'd hardly recommend it for lunch. It build a strong following, though, evidenced by a buddy who through a trash can at the metal gate outside one night when they had closed early.I'd stick to the vegetarian dishes, and it's a great alternative to Koronets(probably just as bad for you, though).
ooh, their aloo fries are deliciously spicy and the lollipop shrimp is soo tasty.I have fallen in love with the dipping sauces that accompany them and sometimes wonder if I order these items just for the sauces.
It's just okay. I mean, it's a nice change from a lot of the Columbia area fare, and when they say they're making it spicy, its actually proper spicey. I like that. I wanted the chicken malai to be better. they claim its marinated, but it wasn't marinated enough... kati roll has them beat in the marinated chicken arena....The aloo was pretty good, as was the lassi (surprisingly, as it is pre-made.... a bit steep at $3.25 though)I'll prob go back when I have a quick Indian craving for lunch (not to mention the little cathedral park just nearby,  a lovely place to sit and munch) but it's nothing to write home about...
Loved it! Inexpensive, filling and delicious... what more could you want from a place that measures smaller than most Manhattan apartments?
Roti Roll is as good as it gets.  It's so good, I'm going to ignore the review that lists it violation points.  Who cares about their plumbing?  I'm there to eat roti rolls.  Their "Aloo Masala Frankie" isn't even $3!!!!  A meal.  In New York.  For less than $3.  Now to be fair once you eat one, you're going to want two.  But that's being greedy.  If you go with a friend you can each get one and split the third.  But even if you decide to be greedy and eat two, it's still soooo cheap!  But don't go just because you want to save money.  Go because you want to eat warm, delicious, satisfying food.  Go because of the wonderful, friendly staff.  Go because you have friends in town and you want to impress them with the best combination of potatoes and peas New York has to offer.
It is sooo great when we find those inconspicuous places in NYC.  The food is just great as close as you can get to the original without having to travel to India,  I love the place.  My favorite is the chicken malai Frankie.
Living around the corner from this place makes me a very happy woman. I love the cheery bright blue sign and interior, and they make a delicious cheap meal. The potato-based rolls feel like they weigh about 10 lbs each, so they're great when you're really hungry. Very spicy on request. They make mango lassis that they keep in the cooler, but they aren't really that great. Stick with the rolls. It's open very late, so it makes an excellent post-bar stop.

Additionally, this place is owned by the same people that own Suite, and there is a door that connects the two from the inside. Could anything be better than ordering greasy indian food from your bar stool?
The frankies are not very oily. The menu has innovative veggie options - I had the chana masala/ spinach and my friend got the tofu- mushroom. Both were very tasty and didn't sit too heavy in my belly. My sister's chicken malai, on the other hand, was very dry. Its not quite the authentic Bombay experience but it's a decent enough Manhatten variant.
I've eaten here twice when drunk. I don't really remember what I got (except that it was vegetarian), but I remember that there was too much parsley or cilantro or something, and it was just okay. Everything tastes amazing when you're drunk, so it was really disappointing to have something that's just okay.
Not a bad place to stop for a snack or dinner.  I would recommend the two-roll packs if you're going for a full meal.  The staff was friendly and willing to chat.  I might dock it slightly for the prices on the "higher-end" rolls.
Think of this as an "Asian" Indian burrito shop. With that in mind, if you're a goat cheese lover --- make sure you fork over the extra buck-fifty to ensure your belly's bliss. The calamari is seasoned with indian spices --- the same goes for the "fries." Both are spectacular with the sauces provided (known as the green cilantro-mayo sauce & the sweet red sauce)! Best part of all this is it's CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP!!! Run in, roll out.*** It's a tight squeeze if you're dining in --- there's bar stools up against two walls.
this place is so delicious! the chicken frankie is tasty.  the shrimp isn't quite as good (i don't think its worth the extra $$).  and i love love love the calamari!!edit: i had to downgrade my prior review to 4 stars because my more recent experiences here have not been as good.  the calamari has come out very soggy/mushy. and i had a lamb frankie that was very overcooked.
I encountered Roti Roll after enjoying a round of cocktails at its coterminous gay bar, Suite. Like the pairing of peanut butter and chocolate and of ballroom dancing and D-list celebrities, the friendly gay bar and the Indian fast food restaurant represent another seemingly discordant but ultimately successful linkage. Admittedly, I was initially reluctant to open the connecting interior door, as I wasn't sure if I would end up in Narnia or a Sliders-esque parallel existence. I didn't. But anyway, I'm not one to throw around the word "foodgasm" much (mostly because it sounds repulsive) but after a few vodka tonics, the aloo masala and the masala unda rolls were, well, foods of divinity. The ratio of flatbread to fililng was near-perfect and the prices are in accord with the pittance I receive as a grad student. Go now.Edited to add: I love this place. Bumping it up to five.
This makes me so happy.  It's right near campus.  The vegetarian and the meat dishes are excellent, though I'd particularly recommend the potato roll.  The most difficult part of the order (besides deciding what to get) is balancing between one and two rolls.  One isn't quite enough because they are so delicious... two is a bit heavy.  Share with a friend and negotiate portions.
A Columbia classic. You know it's a go-to late night place when the food is better at 3AM rather than 3PM. The afternoon crew doesn't roll the frankies as well the late night crew. I've been coming here for years. Some tips:Two rotis will definitely fill you up unless you haven't eaten all day (i'm a guy). Which is convenient because buying two gives you a quantity discount of $1 here.Order ahead by phone. The lines can get long. Usually you're walking here and if you order when you start your roti journey you can skip all the suckers who are waiting in line when you get there. Pick up your bag and go.If you're coming with a friend, get 2x2 rotis and mix and match. My combo: 2of the potato and egg frankie (Unda Aloo) and 2 of the chicken frankie. Something about the potato, egg, and chicken mix really hits the spot.BE CAREFUL! When eating on the go, don't let the sauce get all over your clothes. It's neon green and might not wash out. Also, it's delicious.Don't forget the spicy sauce if you're into that sort of thing.Finally, skip the plebeian  (jumbo pizza slice) Koronets around the corner on 110 and Bway. These frankies might be a few bucks more than the pizza but its well worth it. Roti is the upscale drunkard's establishment.PS Don't mind the rats!
Eaten here many times when I visit friends in the neighborhood.  Excellent tasty economical vegetarian grub!  Why isn't there one near why I live?!
OMG. I used to go here whenever I visited my friends at Columbia. This place is just a few blocks away in Morningside Heights and it's so freaking delicious. Why no one ever thought to make Indian fast food is beyond me. I have no idea what to suggest because it's all so good. So get whatever you fancy and enjoy the hell out of it. The last time I checked, they don't accept cards. So bare that in mind.
It is within walking distance of Columbia University. Amazing roti rolls at low cost! Will surely visit again.
This place is the perfect hole-in the wall eatery to satisfy your craving for Indian food for less than $5. My favorite is the palaak paneer roti roll, but all of them are worth trying.
Five words: excellent Indian food cheap, fast.  Someone should turn this into an international franchise.  These nice guys have a system, perfected.  The Palak Paneer and Chicken Malai are both excellent.
A quick spot for a quick bite on the go. Don't plan to sit there. Free delivery with a $12 min. Yum!Beware that if you're used to the Frankies in India, these have a much thicker roti -- and are quite filling!
Love it Love it Love it! I work in the South Bronx and I've found myself taking a detour just to get dinner from here on my way back to Rockland a couple times. I gotta say as much as I love this place I'm selective about who I'd suggest it to. If you're not the sort of person that adventurous in you culinary choices, if you don't appreciate strong spices and aromas, or if you just can't handle the spicy heat, this place probably isn't for you. Its a cute, small place, clean, with a simple menu and great prices. Great place to try also if you're vegetarian. My favorite for right now is spicy chick peas with fresh spinach, but I'll eventually get through the whole menu.
This is a great spot for a quick, delicious, packs-a-punch bite. My favorite are the shrimp rolls, which are so juicy and satisfying. Each paratha roll is stuffed with your filling of choice, tomatoes, onions, cilantro, and a beautiful green sauce. Definitely hits the spot. Beware of your fingers smelling like the sauce, though, no matter how much you scrub, for at least 24 hours. And tasting the shrimp roll the next morning...
Perhaps the best fast food in the neighborhood; I have frequented it for the last several years.  Indian burritos with delicious roti flatbread.  This is also a rare case where the vegetarian food is FAR superior to the chicken, shrimp and lamb options.  Strangely enough, the vegetarian options are also more filling than the meat options.    My favorites are the Aloo Masala (potato & sweet pea) and Palak Paneer (cheese & spinach), but you can also add egg (e.g., the "unda aloo masala") or a creamier goat cheese.  Order it spicy.They also do great bar food (Suite is right next door and has a little window to place orders from within the bar; the bar 1020 is one block away).Here are some tips:Tax is already included in the price.They have two sauces: a mild and a spicy sauce.  If you like your frankie "medium spicy," ask for spicy sauce on the side.  [EDIT: Since I wrote this review, they've changed the system so that you pay extra for a side of spicy sauce.  But they've also made the spiciness consistent and perfect, so no worries.  I now strongly suggest you ask for it "spicy"]The aloo fries are a good way to slow down alcohol absorption at the local bars.If you have some spare cash, the mango lassi ($3.50) really is tasty; there's also a cheaper mango juice option and some cheap beer.  You can easily make a nice afternoon date for under $10.[Edit #2: Since moving away from this neighborhood, I've yet to find anything like it.  Added a star.  The folks who work there still recognize me when I stop by once a month or so, which makes me nostalgic.]
Cheap, tasty, food.  The guys in there are really friendly, and they make it quickly.  My favorites are the Chicken Malai Frankie and the Hot Aloo Fries (they're thin-sliced potatoes, seasoned and fried -- served with a very tasty sauce!).  Hits the spot and yummy.  And they don't use nuts!  (Great for anyone with a nut allergy)
Roti Roll is a great alternative to the other late night food options in the area.  Service is friendly and attentive.  Could be a little spicier, but the wraps here are delicious.  I'm not sure if this place is as cheap as other people make it out to be.  I usually need to eat two of these to get full, so unless you get the egg, it's going to be atleast $7/8.
For a quick tasty breakfast get the omelette roti roll.  It is yummy and surprisingly filling!
I love Indian sandwiches (nan or paratha serves as the bread) but this place gets average marks for being too greasy.  Not that I eat healthy, but too much grease disguises the taste of the bread and filling.  It's a shame because here they actually make things spicy when you request it (unlike many Indian sandwich shops which try to cater to a broader audience.)
The roti rolls at this uptown snack joint hit the spot and the aloo fries are an added bonus that I can never forgo. The icing on the cake is that it's next door to a watering hole that has a window right to roti roll for ordering in.
A pretty original yet brilliant concept... although the "frankie" part might be a little confusing since these are more Indian burritos or wraps than Indian hot dogs. At any rate they are quite good. My only problem is that they are slightly too small to be a sufficient lunch for people with big appetites like myself. They do give you a discount on getting two of them, however it's still a little pricey I feel at around 6-8 dollars
Frankies with chickpea and potatoes are fantastic. I had a lamb one too but was pretty disappointed at how dry the meat was. I'd stick with anything with peas in them. Cheap, delicious late-night eat, which is sort of scarce in this neighborhood.
This is the best roti in NYC, hands down. Kati Roll doesn't even come close. They are spiced just right, the bread itself is quite tasty, and ingredients are fresh. The staff even wears gloves to roll your roti. This could be the next big fast-food concept to take off if they played it right. They even recently expanded their menu to include delectables such as chana palak, eggplant and okra rotis. Cheap, open late, quality food. If they improved their seating with some cafe tables they would be 5-star, since I really don't like dragging the rotis home so they are cool by the time I eat them.
really good stuff.  much less greasy than i expected, and everything tasted really fresh.  food came out in like less than 5 minutes and everything was piping hot.  portions were alright sized, with 2 i was comfortably satiated.  i tried the palak paneer (spinach and cheese) and the chicken malai.  nice flavors, everything went well together.  i didn't even mind the cilantro, which is usually hate, because it was light enough that it just complemented the main flavors without being overwhelming.  i am now motivated to try everything else on their menu. oh, one thing, the menu on their website is ridiculously out of date.  they have way more choices than what's written there.
Their channa masala roll is fantastic. You need to get 2 rolls if you are hungry and at $9 for 2 it's not exactly a dirt cheap lunch. I wish that they had soups to compliment the rolls, that would earn another star or two.
Roti Rolls have become my comfort food. Filling, greasy but not ridiculously so (they'll go light on the oil if you ask) and so, so good, especially with the spicy cilantro sauce.  I usually go for the chana masala or the palak paneer. Quick walk from the Columbia campus and their delivery is pretty fast too.
I've had a half dozen or so of their Roti Rolls and always found them enjoyable. They are a bit small for a meal, but for a quick snack or a late night grab they are good. I'd recommend giving one a try as long as you don't expect anything too fancy. But they are cheap, quick and tasty.
It's easy to spend $10 on a carry-out meal from a market on the Upper West Side, let alone coughing up the cash to eat at a local restaurant.  It's a little harder to spend $10 at Roti Roll, though.  I eat here every other week when I have to be in the area.Rotis are purported to be Indian street food.  I don't care if they really are or not.  They're a great deal, and pretty tasty.  As a vegetarian, I tend to get one or two Unda Aloos (you get a discount if you order more than one), or the Aloo with the egg, and I've never been disappointed.  They toss the flatbread on the grill along with your chosen filling.  Once it's hot, they wrap it up with onions, tomato, and a mild or hot green sauce that's totally delicious.  I can't speak for any of the other menu items, but the roti are exceptionally good and relatively healthy for fast food (or so I tell myself).  Plus, they're prepared in front of you, so there are no secrets.I can't recommend this place highly enough.  Lunch, dinner, as ballast against the ocean of drinks you just put in your stomach at 1020 or 106 Amsterdam.  It's totally great.  With one caveat:  your food must be consumed immediately.  There should be no taking your roti home and sticking it in the fridge, nor leaving it in a bag for four hours to be consumed after a trip to the gym.  I've only tried delayed consumption once, but the roti mysteriously disintegrates if you wait.  So don't wait.  And don't tell me the food science behind this fact.  I'm pro-Roti Roll, is what I'm trying to say, but you should heed this little warning.
Roti Roll is by far the best fast food in Morningside Heights -- good value, consistently tasty, and filling!  It's a tiny little place that you can't miss because of its bright blue sign and well lit interior.  Whatever time of the day, you'll see people strolling in and out -- it's a good meal if you want something quick, but is an especially good late night snack after a night of drinking.  What is Roti Roll?  Griddled Indian flatbread rolled up with your choice of fillings -- try the aloo masala, tofu mushroom, or palak paneer.   I don't like my food too spicy, but they will make yours as spicy as you'd like.  And the prices are great - as cheap as $2.75 a roll, cheaper if you order two.  Apparently this keeps it popular with Columbia students, and the rest of us who sometimes want something tasty without having to spend a ton or cook it ourselves.
When you catch yourself dreaming about a curry-coated lamb roti at work, you know you've got a Roti fixation. This is my new haunt thanks to the prompt, friendly service, cheap prices, and rolls. What's a roti roll, you ask? Well, imagine the most savory and inexplicably well-seasoned lamb, chicken, chutney, or tofu and masala Indian entree stuffed in a fluffy dough wrap. The flavors taste authentic, but aren't overdone. One roll's a meal, but it's a hearty, mouth-watering one you'll come back for again and again.
Just so happens I was leaving my Taxman's office. Much to my own surprise, it turned out I was getting money back and not just breaking even as some a-hole from the-green-block company told me. So I decided to celebrate by walking the neighborhood a bit. A lil history. 99St to 110St and Amsterdam used to be my stomping ground. My old 'Buelita used to be a St Luke's regular got all her SSI cash from the now defunct Banco Popular. A lot of new spots have opened on Amsterdam since I last walked around. However, I was in the mood for something quick. Roti Roll seemed approachable. I saw a bunch of folks on the window counter scarfing down what looked like stuffed burritos. I made my way in and the smell of curry let me know these were not burritos. I ordered a Chicken Masala roll with extra spicy sauce and washed it down with a bottle of mango juice. The roll itself decent. The bread was crispier than naan bread. The sauce was heavy on the cilantro...i like cilantro,though. I should've asked for more onions though. I know folks have complained about the greasiness but I come from a family with a long history of fried food so I actually found this to be moderately greasy. One of those eye-of-the-beholder deals i suppose. It's cheap and filling which fit the criteria at the moment. Next time I want to try the lamb roll. I'm a sucker for lamb at any indian restaurant.
This is a good inexpensive street food joint. The mango lassi is a good way to complement the rolls.  It is fun to sneak the roll in to the bar next door and watch the bollywood videos sometimes. At all other times the bar is an interesting scene.
Avoid Roti Roll unless you want your hands and breath to smell for days.  Try Koronets or 109 west or HamDel instead.
Awesome! One frankie (like an Indian burrito) is enough for a quick, cheap meal. The chicken malai is my favorite.
for anyone who has eaten an actual frankie, they know this is NOT a frankie. They need to stop calling it that and getting peoples hopes up. As a roll, its pretty good but does not compare to bade's or calcutta roadside rolls.
A great place to grab a quick snack/meal.  When you've eaten one too many "109" spicey specials at the dirty deli, there's nothing better than a roti roll for a late night fix.  I think I've tried almost every kind and they're all good.  Vegetarian choices are available for the little hippy in you, as well.  One thing however, I can't quite recommend the Hot Aloo Fries.  They sound great, but just not worth it in my opinion.
Aloo anything and Lamb roti rolls are the way to go! Add goat cheese for that extra flava. Their mango lassi isn't that great, but ok in a pinch if it's 3 AM and you're thirsty. Gotta love Indian fast food!
I stumbled upon this place today. I was tired of Subways on the Upper West Side. It is cheap and fulfilling meal. Personal I love Indian food but hate paying yuppie prices. I had the lamb and asked for it spicy. It cleared my sinus up! :) I love their mayo. The only down side is that my hand smelled all day. But I will be back!
While not spicy enough for my taste, Roti Roll has undoubtedly become one of my favorite late night snack joints here in Morningside Heights. For between 3$ and 5$ you can get a strangely delicious "Indian burrito." There's something in the combination of the soft, chewy roti, the savory potato and cauliflower curry, and the fresh onion and tomato... The flavors just converge to form something wonderful and create a dish that's perfect for 2am drunchies and even better when eaten cold, the morning-after.
Cheap, delicious Indian sandwiches. Good vegetarian options. I'd like it if they gave you a side of raita for dipping, but no other complaints.
I used to live a block away and was a regular at this place for a year. It was perfect for someone like me who was going to college and often wanted a good meal for cheap. Even now, when I go to the Columbia area, I stop by to pick up a roll. I love the aloo roll and hot aloo fries the most. I so wish they open up more branches, especially one near my work!
Tastes ok, I wish the bread was naan... or if it's supposed to be naan, I wish it was fluffier. I think it's a bit overpriced for the petite size.
Roti Roll is pretty fantastic. Simple, cheap(not the cheapest, but certainly cheap enough) and very tasty. A variety of fillings for the crispy Roti, I used to eat here about once a week at least when I lived in the neighborhood. Everything is fresh, flavors are nice and flavorful, can't really go wrong.
Pretty greasy, but I rate Roti Roll above the Kati Roll Company. They've got more variety, but I feel like you get a better deal for the cash you fork over. I probably go here far too often... sigh. Recommend the aloo masala and the paneer frankies - don't get more than two if you have any plans of moving after you eat.
I don't even want to give this place one star. Last night  I had a craving for kati roll and instead of going to our regular spot we decided to trek all the way up town for roti rolls because I've heard amazing things about this place on yelp and other sites. We ending up going after I saw the shrimp and the calamari which they don't have at Kati Rolls on Lexington. We were coming all the way from Queens so we literally got one of every roll the lamb, shrimp, chicken and potato, the aloo fries, the lollipop chicken and the calamari. Seriously the only edible thing we were able to put near my mouths once we reached all the way home, was the lollipop chicken; which were okay. the calamari was tough and chewy and had a think layer of some tasteless masala kinda of dough. The hot aloo fries were slices of potato with a sprinkle of the same flavorless masala that were soggy and not cooked all the way through because the slices are so thick, so again you get a soggy batter like flavor this time along with raw potato flavor. Even my dog didn't want to eat those. All the rolls had a weird after taste and it's not like we are unaware of the flavors of south Asian cuisine we are Pakistani! The shrimp was decent enough that we had a few bites but the taste just got to us after a while. The lamb literally stinked and the chicken was pretty bland. Even the vegetables in the rolls were oxidized and discolored. I'm not sure if its because we went at 2am but the place is open till 4am so there's no excuse for that. I just cant imagine it being much better at any other time. We even called them back after throwing away 40 bux worth of 'food' and told them pretty much nothing they have is fresh or tasty. This place is soooo over hyped by drunk college people who obviously have little to no dining options in this part of town and have convinced themselves the food from this place is good just so they can fill their stomachs cheaply. WILL NEVER GO BACK, NOT EVEN IF IT WAS FREE.
it's decent if you want something fast. the spicy calamari was good. pretty smart idea and would definitely go back again. you can add an egg to your roti roll :) reminds me of chinese onion pancake. ^^
I love this place. It is fast, easy and cheap. It has become my go to place when I don't know what else to grab for dinner. It's right around the corner, so I find myself visiting a lot. I'm not sure I would travel very far to eat here, but it's a perfect neighborhood take out place.
Love the fast and reasonably priced rolls and eat them all the time.  My only complaint is that they never seem to remember "no onions."
Unda Aloo Masala is the best thing on the menu and Ive tried all of the rolls on this menu. Not exactly a Bombay Frankie, but as close as Ive ever come to it in this city. They are also open till very late so it makes for a great drunken pit-stop.
I love this place. I acknowledge that it is greasy, but you can tell them to go light on the grease. If you get the vegetarian rolls, they can actually be decently healthy, they have more vegetables than a slice of pizza or a sandwich. It is Indian food, so your hands and breath will smell after eating it, solution: wash your hands, chew some gum. I don't entirely recommend this for a meal, but for late night (read: drunk) food, I much prefer this over anything else in the neighborhood.
Eeewwww! Took one bite of the fries (gross thick slices of greasy potato covered in some kinda food colored spice) and threw them in the trash. The aloo masala frankie I ordered was equally terrible. Also pitched that into the bin.......I love Indian food and really wanted to like this place but it is horrible.
Mmmm...these Roti Rolls are pretty good and cheap.  The place is pretty small and not meant for you to eat in.  Nice cheap lunch!
Absolutely amazing. Great grab and go meal. I had their Channa Masala(spiced chickpeas) and I feel in love. The combination of the green sauce, the raw onions and I believe there were tomatoes was the right combination. Be warned if you aren't a fan of spice there is a bit of spice, but nothing too hot to handle. I also ordered their Samosa which you can never go wrong having. I will definitely be back when I'm in the mood for a quick grab and go snack.
Had a light meal of an aloo masala frankie with an egg on it. Nice guy in front.Filling was OK for the price, more flavor from the potato than the chickpea and I found it a bit weird how it was all mixed together in one patty (reminded me of a chapati kebab in terms of looks. I asked for it spicy and he made it moderately spicy.Onion was OK, it didn't seem like it filled the entirety of the roll.The egg was semi-worth it, the flavor was OK but it didn't permeate the roll like I am used to.5 dollars, no tax, not bad. Between a 3 and a 4.
This place is great! I can't remember exactly what I ordered (after a long night of drinking) but it was amazing. I will definitely be back a few times to figure out my mystery and to enjoy it once again.
I love this place. Excellent late night meal. I eat meat, but loooove the vegetarian options. The goat cheese is a must splurge. They've been great since they opened. Quality never changed. I will say that I am pissed that the delivery option is all over the place. I can get delivery one day & the next it's not available. Hasn't been available for months. Now I see that there is a delivery option again. Hopefully it stays!!
The chicken malai frankie was DELICIOUS and very inexpensive at 5.50 for 1.  The employees are very friendly, and they give fabulous recommendations! 5 stars!!
Short review: If you haven't already, come here and try their roti rolls/frankies.Longer review: Don't listen to the critiques about this place. Sure, their rotis are frozen and at times they could step up their quality control (sometimes delivery is cold, sometimes they add too much raw onion, etc.), but overall they offer quality, flavorful food for solid value. This joint definitely helps keep my weekly Indian cravings at bay.My thoughts:- The Best: $9 for Aloo Gobi Muttar (spiced potatoes/cauliflower/peas). When hot, absolutely delicious.- Volume: $13 for two Masala Unda (spiced egg) and two Aloo Masala (spiced potatoes/sweet pea) rolls. When you're starving, this combo never disappoints. - Sides: $3 Aloo fries--they're actually more like spicy chips, but they're perfect for sharing with a friend and filling you up.- Other: Mango lassi is the bomb. It's a yogurt and mango smoothie. 10/10- Pro tip: Go with a friend and order your different double frankies, then split/share your food. When possible, order in-store to ensure you get your food piping hot.
Do yourself a favor. Grab a spicy frankie and some mango chutney to go and eat on the steps of the cathedral two blocks north.
Did a delivery to Whittier (Columbia dorm at 116th) was tasty and cheap, I would order again.
Filling rolls...had the shrimp, chicken, and lamb rolls all delicious. But if I could have only one it would definitely be the shrimp roll, that thing was amazing!
Love Roti Roll! The food is just amazing! The place is run by Indian which makes it more authentic :) The rolls are a little small for a meal, so you'd have to get two to be full. A little pricey but totally worth trying!
My goto place for snacks near Columbia. Do check special of the week before ordering! My personal favourites are Channa masala and pickle paneer.
Amazing flavor, loved the home made tortilla wrap. Great price, and they deliver too! I'll be back soon.
This place is expensive.  12 dollars for any decently sized meal(4 of their rolls).  And guess what:  if you get goat cheese with it the price increases 10 fold.  Not okay.Alternatives: Halal food cart outside the columbia gates on the broadway side.-have larger portions of palak paneer for the same price on columbus and somewhere around 8th.  Never going again.
I wish I could give them 10 stars. I love this place, like in a cult-ish kind of way. One of my favorite places to eat. Since I moved out of NYC, I make sure to eat here every time I come back.
Can't believe I lived on the same block as this restaurant for two years and I haven't given it a try since yesterday.I am definitely a fan of this restaurant. It's inexpensive, quick and delicious Indian Food. For those who don't know what a Frankie is, think of your favorite Indian meal (in my case, Chicken Makhani/Butter Chicken) in a paratha/wrap, then hot pressed and delivered straight to your door. I've tried both ordering from seamless and heading to the restaurant in person and the meal came out exactly the same. They have quick delivery and the hours are open a little later so why not.I suggest the Chicken Makhani Frankie and the Chicken Lollipops - will run you no more than $12 and will stuff you for sure.Mango Lassi here is good too! ($3 only)
This place is cheap, quick, and tasty. A great go-to place when you want a quick snack. The rolls are very tender and the meat is always very juicy and flavorful. My boyfriend loves the chicken lollipops.
Eh. I got the chicken malai roll and it was subpar. The chicken was tasteless, and the entire roll was bland. Malai rolls are not supposed to be spicy but they ARE supposed to be flavorful and creamy. The food was also cold when it arrived. I know with delivery your food can't be piping hot but cold? Ew. I probably wouldn't eat here again unless I was desperate. So much potential... Wasted.
open up the tamarind.  i love roti as these were ok.  curiosity and novelty drew me in.  went aloo masala (flavorful) along w/samosas (cold)  throw in the kheer (sweet treat) and a ginger ale (canada dry) to wash it down for $10.25 not bad  good flavor, minimal seating, quick service and open until the wee hours
I love this! Indian burritos - how can you go wrong? I wish I lived closer, I'd have their rolls for lunch every day.
Found this little Indian style 'roll' place near Columbia university. Tried chicken malai and aaloo Gobhi roll. Aaloo Gobhi  was very good while chicken malai was ok..still giving 4 stars because there are not many 'roll' places in near vicinity
Roti Roll is a small Indian-fusion restaurant in Upper West Side. You start with a grilled Indian flatbread, add the fixings, and roll it up like a burrito. One frankie is around 4-5 dollars (get two for a small discount). There are many options, so you can mix and match two frankies to have a decent meal. I like the simpler items like the Aloo Masala Frankie(Spiced Potatoes & Sweet Pea, 2 for $7) and the Channa Masala(Spiced Chickpeas). My friend got the Okra frankie. Frankies are made to order, so it's nice and hot when you get it.It's open late at night, so you can satisfy your bombay frankie cravings anytime:Sun - Mon:  11am-2amTue - Wed:  11am-3amThurs - Sat: 11am-4am
So good and so cheap!!! There's raw onion in them so don't get this if you have a hot date after.$5 for one and it's the size of a mini burrito which was enough for me. My boyfriend had two. I think I'll try delivery next. Yummy Indian flavored wrapped up in a warm roti- what more can you ask for?
Pretty decent. I was expecting a bigger size. Having the tomatoes and onions too fried along with the main ingredient, might be better because there is combination of hot and cold, which doesn't really work well.
Ordered this the morning after drinking all night, it took forever to arrive (it was raining to be fair) but when it did...HOLY SH*T Absolutely delicious. I can't believe I haven't been ordering here for years.
You're Gonna Get Pregnant Lady Cravings From This Place! Confession: Whenever I go to an Indian restaurant, my "Scandinavian -  White Girl from Minnesota" comes out and I begin Google image searching everything on the menu. In other words, I'm not an Indian Cuisine expert nor do I pretend to be. That being said, I LOVE ROTI ROLL BOMBAY FRANKIE! I cannot get enough of this place! Step aside Chipotle, this girl is eating Indian Burritos (wraps) from now on! Why do I LOVE Roti Roll Bombay Frankie?1: Packed with flavor! The flavor from a Roti Foll erupts in my mouth like a pack of Pop Rocks! Each wrap is beautifully filled with a combo of savory, sweet, salty and spicy flavors.2: Perfect Portion Size - Not too big, not too small. My eyes and my insane cravings for these wraps full of love are bigger than my stomach; so I usually order two. 3:The staff is friendly and pretty laid back4:Roti Roll Bombay Frankie is a fabulous go-to place for those vegetarians and carnivores struggling  to find a place to eat that they'll both enjoy5:Priced reasonably for the cuisine, quality of the food & the areaIdeal for takeout, delivery and or stopping by for a quick biteIf i lived closer, I'm pretty sure that I would become a regular. The kind of regular where the staff knows me by name, begins preparing my order the moment I walk in the door and calls to check up on me If I haven't been there in a couple of weeks to make sure I'm okay. Sadly... this is not an exaggeration! GO HERE! You will not be disappointed!
inexpensive portable flavorful food.wheat wrap around indian specialtiesthe roasted eggplant was excellent, worth getting again. tofu mushroom was a great tasting filler. and the okra was flavorful as well. all fulfilling their indian roots. so goodi ate 4 of these. burp.
YUM! Love the aloo gobi & baigan bartha roti rolls! The mango lassi is also delicious. When I lived in the UWS, I ate dinner here about once a week.  Go in the afternoon/night to get your roti roll.  Earlier in the day they don't get as much action and the roti rolls don't taste as great.  Think: the second pancake off the griddle is always better than the first.  2 thumbs up for Bombay Frankie!
God, I love Roti Roll. This place definitely helped me out when I was transitioning from my mom's home-cooked Indian meals to dorm food. I personally really like the pickled and palak paneer frankies, and the channa and aloo gobi mattar frankies are pretty good too. You can ask for them to be as spicy as you want, and they're really nice about it. I think the frankies are a great deal, as they're pretty cheap but still pretty delicious.I wouldn't say the same about some of their sides though. As a lover of Indian snack food, I expected a lot from their Samosa Chaat, but it leaves a lot to be desired (especially for its 5.50 price tag). I'd say stick with the frankies and you won't be disappointed.
Great food, delivery was fast and easy. I highly recommend the Frankie's and the Kheer. I always have a great experience every time I order from here, have never actually been to the restaurant.
The best rolls I have ever had, better than the stuff you get back in India. I used to be a big roll fan when I lived back in India BD used to look forward to eating them when I got back and now here in New York.... Awesome...Even India needs to catch up.Lamb boti and shrimp malai rolls are my favorite. The samosa chaat and the biryani is awesome too.
Cheap fast food Indian burritos, made with roti bread (kinda like thinner sturdier naan) instead of tortillas. It's like if somebody snuck into a Chipotle and just replaced all the ingredients with Indian food, and the employees carried on as if nothing had happened.I've moved around New York a few times, and the last move was predicated on not going too far away from Roti Roll. We have Bostonian friends who, when they come to town to stay with us, visit Roti Roll before they visit us.I can't for the life of me figure out why there aren't hundreds of Roti Roll shops in every city in the country. Basically, if you don't love Roti Roll, get out of my face.EDIT: Oh, only get the actual roti rolls. Everything else on the menu, like the fries or whatever, are terrible, or so I'm told.
I love this place! However, today I ordered four Chicken Malai Frankies which is what I usually order. Instead of enjoying them at work, I decided to take them home and eat them for dinner. I ended up having to Epipen myself due to cross contamination. ;/ Otherwise, would have given them five stars. Probably will never buy from here again.
3.5 stars.  Chicken roti is surprisingly good.  Nice blend of Indian spices and sweet honey.  2 for $11It's somewhat pricey.  The roti burrito is not very big so 1 will not make u full.  They take CC.  They need to improve on customer service.
aloo masala frankiepickled paneer frankiechicken malai frankielamb boti frankiehot aloo frieswho would've thought the uwswould have a tasty roti spot?cheap, filling and deliciousgood food with minimal wait(even for delivery).
Okay, I admit it - my last review was a bit hard. ("A bit.") Anyway, the more I come here, the more I love it. You're paying exactly for what you get - quick, easy meals to eat and love. Don't expect five-star service nor much space to eat. It's the perfect joint for a grab-and-go or a quick bite to eat outside. I've been adventurous these past few weeks and even tried moving beyond my typical order of the Frankies. Recently, I stumbled upon the samosa chaat, which is a beautiful mix of samosas, chickpeas, yoghurt, chutney, onions, and masala. It's considered an appetizer, but I get so stuffed from eating it, I almost would consider it a full meal.If you want something lighter but equally spicy, go for the popcorn shrimp. Ugh, these babies rock...
I went here today just wanted large fries & a vegan roti. I said no onions, the guy said there are no onions. Another guy explain the ingredient already contains onions. So I said I only wanted the fries, the guy made a big deal about the spending limit with a card $7. I asked if he could make a simple roti, he wasn't willing to meet me half way. Customer service sucks. I think the rotis are over priced well the vegan onesThe store is very small but they share space with a club(dragg queen lounge)
No thank you. I order the Chicken and Lamb Roti (separately) and it was horrible on both ends. I took a bite out of each, just to try and had to throw it out. I don't know what was up with that, because it was not flavorful as everyone here claims. Unfortunately, two stars.
Great food (love the Chicken Malai  Frankie) and fast service for delivery and takeout. The wraps are kind of small but two is plenty for dinner and one is usually enough for lunch. Highly recommend!
Delicious roti rolls and fast delivery (when calling by phone), but chicken briyani is bland.
I've lived in NYC most of my life, and Roti Roll Frankie Bombay is easily one of my favorite hole-in-the-wall type places for good food without the wait. They have altered the menu slightly over the years, adding a dish here and there along the way. My favorite addition (and now why I usually order) is the "samosa chaat", which is the samosa mixed in with chickpeas, onions, tomatoes and house sauce, the upper layer cold, and the samosa on the bottom hot.If you haven't been in a while, it's definitely worth stopping by to try it.
Great ingredients, excellent seasoning, perfect blend of spices -- this place is my favourite spot in Morningside Heights. Recommend chicken makhni and lamb + lassi.
I love Roti Roll. They do great catering for Columbia events and the food is just so damn good. It's super cheap, which makes poor Columbia Student Susie very, very happy. And they give you an extremely generous amount of food. I'm all about eating vegetarian when the option is there and the Aloo Masala is just so dank.
Not good. Do yourself a favor and make the trip to MacDougal for either Kati Roll or Thelewalla nizami rollI got the lamb Boti frankie, the bindi masala roll and the hot aloo fries. The paratha did not taste fresh. The lamb had no flavor. The okra was a little better, but not much. The hot aloo fires could have been crispier, they seemed a little under cooked
Delicious and unique spot with yummy Indian flavored "roti wraps" filled with different well balanced spices and sauces. Awesome for a quick lunch. Also, the staff was friendly and honest.
this place is delicious, but for the love of god, please expand your delivery area! i am on129th and Malcolm X and was told i live too far away to deliver :(super delicious! i am so happy Kati Rolls have finally made it from the village to harlem :)
Good Kati rolls, I was able to walk in and quickly order. 3 stars because the rolls were more on the greasy side and that was unusual. So they need better quality control.
oh my gosh... Roti Roll, thank you so much for existing by Columbia campus. I couldn't have been happier knowing you are just a few walks down from school.. and I can eat you every school day if I want. What is Roti Roll? Pretty much Indian food wrapped in a roll. I was a bit hesitant because the storefront didn't look so appealing, but after here all these great recommendations from others, I had to give it a shot. And boy, I was taken away.The price here is insanely reasonable which makes everything that much better. You can order an 'each' or 'two' of a roll, pretty much depends on how much you can eat. I personally eat quite a bit and with 1 roll, I was satisfied and I'm guessing with 2 rolls, I would've hit food coma. So, the way I would recommend is if you're a female, get 1 otherwise 2. The service here is great. They were extremely speedy, but make sure after you order, you wait inside. Our friend waited outside the store which led the cook to think that he wouldn't be back away so they pushed his order behind all other customers and my friend ended up waiting longer than the rest of us that were inside... sucks haha. Now to the food. I've only tried one so far, which is the ALOO GOBI MUTTAR FRANKIE . But all my friends say that's the one thing they always order and just based on the description, it sounded too good to pass up. Potatoes, cauliflower and green peas?? It was SOOOOOOOOO good. The second I bought it, I just had to try it and I probably finished it in about 10 minutes.If you live closeby or even if you live farther north or south, this place is sooooo worth making a quick stop.
ordered delivery online, and it was fast!!! Gobi Frankie is really good, a bit spicy (but thats the whole point about Indian food), mashed veggie and sour cream(possibly) taste good together!
Super cheap, large portions (if you're eating alone, if you're sharing it's average), quick delivery.Very nice customer service.Great taste.
All are.great, been here for YEARS!!!! I remember when it opened :'( also awesome to get it at the club next door, AND that its open basically all day!Actually, I would have given it 5 stars, and I really want to give it 3.5. I think they've gotten a little crappy over the years. There used to be a lot more filling inside of the roti rolls, but they are still good and great drunk/hangover food. Popcorn shrimp and the drunk sticks are also good, and the cilantro dressing is DELICIOUS. And come on, when the same people have been working there for years, you wanna keep going. I mean, on your way stumbling home from the 'head, you head to Roti Roll for some food. Not bad!
This was place was a nice surprise. We ordered the Masala Unda Frankie, the Chicken Malai Frankie, and the Lamb Boti Frankie and all were yummy. The chicken and lamb weren't dry although maybe a tiny bit under seasoned, and the egg frankie was pretty flavorful. There's limited seating but it looks like not many people stay and eat here so there are usually seats open if you need one. Two rolls is a good amount for one person. Will be back to try other things on the menu!
I have been going to Roti Roll and getting delivery for almost 3 years now. The hot Aloo fries can't be beat, they are excellent. The best part is that they deliver up until midnight and are open until 4 am.
Ok they have an A health rating now and you can see everything they do in the open kitchen when you go inside.   They have redeemed themselves!
DISCLAIMER: I know how good Indian food should taste like and this place is less than average. Imbeciles messed up my order even after repeating twice. The food tastes pretty bland and the rotis are frozen. Not a good way to taste quality food.
Came here after a late night out at Lion's Head Tavern, which I assume is how some of you also ended up at Roti Roll. I'm sure this is a great stop anytime of day, but in the early morning hours, a Roti Roll hits the spot. Skip the tater tots at Lion's Head, and grab a Roti Roll instead.
Calamari was perfectly crisp and fried with great spices. Pretty good for its price. I got the tofu mushroom frankie, and it was amazing!!!! I can't say anything about the other frankies, but they looked equally delicious. I think one frankie is filling for most people, but if you decide to purchase two, try other fillings!I came as a group of 8 and we didn't exactly fit, so either plan to eat outside or crowd inside.
tofu Frankie is very spicy! I like it! A good late night eat place!Definite recommend try two different flavors  with a friend first time.
Awesome place, open all night. This is my go to late night snack joint. Try the calamari, it's incredible!
Aloo gobi muttar frankie-bad. Small portion. Very spicy and salty. I can taste the potato and green peas, but where is the cauliflower? Raw onions make it even more spicy. The wrap is a little dry.
I come to Roti Roll all the time - during a casual stroll in the area, before drinking, between studying, after drinking, etc. - and it never disappoints. FOOD: Honestly, I got the Lamb Boti Frankie the first time I was there and never tried anything else because I fell in love with it. The lamb is perfectly cooked and the wrap is always nice and buttery, filled with some spices, onions, and tomatoes. Add in the mango chutney (for $0.50 extra) and the flavor intensifies exponentially to a perfect mix of sweet and spicy. I've also added goat cheese ($1.50 extra) to the lamb boti frankie, but I thought that the mango chutney overpowered the flavor quite a bit and it was not necessary. I might have to try this frankie with just the goat cheese addition next time! I would not recommend the hot aloo fries - they are not actually very hot and not crispy enough. PRICE: Vegetarian Frankies vary from $3.50-$5 each, $6.50-$9 for two. Lamb Frankie is $6.50 each, $11 for two (good value, but maybe just a little too much food for one). What gets me though are the add ons. I can't go without the mango chutney, which is a fair value at $0.50 extra. But sometimes I would like to have some goat cheese ($1.50) or spinach ($1.00) too, which brings the total to $9-$10 with tax (when ordering online) for just one roll. That's more than the price of a Chipotle burrito but for a lot less food.  SERVICE: Always very fast - my roll is ready within 5 min if I'm ordering in or 10 min if I'm ordering pickup via grubhub.
Very tasty and original -- I didn't know that Indian food could be served burrito style and taste so good. There's pretty much no seating space though so it's a spot for quick food.Edit -- I have to upgrade my rating because I've found myself eating here so much and I can't get enough of it.
The kitchen looks dirty, and the food can get too oily... I sometimes go when I want something fast and vegetarian, but I think it would be healthier to eat at McDonalds actually
Decent. However, the roti is very thin and crumbly. The fries are interesting -- pretty spicy.
As many other reviewers have mentioned, stick with the delicious frankies. Solid value and super delicious. Skip the Hot Aloo fries; just missing something - think it's lack of crispness.
The food VERY GOOD really tasty and cheap. Good vegetarian options.
I know there are better tasting Indian places but this place has the best of all worlds. Taste great, open really late, in a convenient location, under 10 bucks and goes great with beer. What more could you ask for!!??
This spot is just OK. It hits the spot if you're drunk as a skunk, but it doesn't feel like the real deal enough for me to visit again, unfort.
This was the worst delivery experience I have ever had. I called and made a delivery and spoke to one of the staff. He seemed to have some trouble understanding me, but he took my order and my credit card without a hitch and then rushed me off the phone. An hour went by and it seemed odd because he said it would be 20 mins. So, I called back. And the person I talked to screamed at me with broken English saying I had no order. I immediately checked my credit card bill to see it was charged and called back to only get hung up on. Finally, 30 mins later I spoke to a manager who kinda apologized and said their English isn't well and I wasn't in their delivery area. So, I guess I'll never know if the food is good...they will never get my. money.
My frankie (the aloo masala) had wonderful flavor, and the mango chutney made it perfect. Great prices as well!
Yum! We had lunch at Roti Roll - Bombay Frankie today. We ordered the unda masala and the okra - both were delicious. The roti itself was flaky and tender. The okra filling was perfect - silky chunks of okra with a flavourful mix of tomato, bell pepper and onion. Both rolls came with an excellent green (mint & cilantro) chutney. Say yes to the hot sauce! Service was fast and professional. The only bad point I can highlight is that the mango lassi was a little disappointing - it was nice enough to drink but I would have preferred more of a sour yogurt kick.All in all an excellent choice for a cheap lunch, dinner or snack.
FOOD: The palak paneer & aloo gobi  muttar is very good. Filling and good value for money. Excellent for reheating. Excellent vegetarian option.SERVICE: Service was terrible but fast. It can be difficult to understand the  accent and the rapid fire mumblings when they were trying to confirm your order (and I was there, this was not a phone order people). Place is tiny. OVERALL: Adjust expectation. Is it good Indian food? Not bad. Is it good fast food? It's excellent. This is the kind of food that's fast, cheap, filling and at least semi healthy for you. Excellent for take out.
Do I crave Roti Roll everyday? Since I moved away from Columbia does it gnaw at the inner fibers of my being?Do I dream about eating a frankie?The answer to all the above is YES.Really the ideal meal for me. My favorite is the pickled paneer. Get the mango chutney! Service is pretty fast. My favorite thing about this place is that it's connected to suite, the gay bar next door, and that you can order frankies through the whole in the wall. HOW DOES THAT MAKE ANY SENSE??
People thought I went to Chipotle when I took out my Chicken Malai roti roll wrapped in foil. The roti was crispy and the chicken malai was flavorful inside. Although at $5.50 for one, it was definitely on the small side for dinner. There's an option for two at about $3 more. Service was quick, and there's a credit card minimum at $7. Would def come back for lunch.
We tried a couple of flavors and enjoyed them. The palak paneer frankie had a good mix of flavors and we ordered it spicy to give it some extra kick. The baigan bartha was even better, with a satisfying roasted eggplant flavor mixed in. The prices were cheap and the food came out fast. The front seating area is small but there is additional and nicer seating though a small door just inside, next to the entrance.
I ordered the lamb roti frankie and the samosa chaat. It was delicious. Will order again
It's a late Saturday night and the boyfriend and I are hungry but too indecisive/lazy to get properly dressed and pick a place to eat. The only thing we know is we both want bubble tea but sadly, the Chipotle close by just closed. I start yelp-ing for other cheapie and yummy places close in the area and I come across this place! Luckily for me, they were opened late and have already been reviewed by my good friends CindyZoo L. and since they both have Ivy League educations from Columbia U., I knew that this was a smart choice. When we arrived, there were 2 other people waiting for their orders while we looked at the menu. I got the aloo gobi and the mango lassi while the boyfriend picked the lamb with some mango chutney thrown in too. While ordering, the inner fatboy in my boyfriend kicked in and asked for an order of calamari too. Mind you this is already 11:30PM and I'm like gahhh, definitely gonna need some Tums before bed. A lot more people started rolling in as we were waiting for our food. The cashier/roti preparer was very friendly and service was prompt. We also noticed there were a mystery door near the entrance with loud music and lights coming through that the delivery guy would come out of. We were intrigued but not brave enough to look in...Finally, got the food, drove home and so happily ate it while watching Game Change on HBO. Everything was delicious and fairly priced. I only wish the mango lassi was a bit thicker and with more mango juice flavor.
I came upon this place through Yelp and I decided to give it a try one Sunday night. We live far from this restaurant but given the Yelp reviews that I saw, I told my boyfriend that we needed to give it a try. The location is right next to bar with great music and amazing karaoke that you can hear clearly from within the restaurant. My boyfriend and I were greeted upon arrival. We took some time to look at the menu and decide what we wanted with no rush from the employees. We decided on the Aloo Malasa Frankies and an order of Samosas. We approached the counter and were greeted with a smile. We ordered and were told to take a seat. We were called for our order in less than eight minutes. The employee at the counter told us that if we needed anything else to please let him know. The employees made us feel at home. The frankies and samosas were hot. When we bit in we were in love with the flavor. My boyfriend and I looked at each other with our eyes wide open like if we hit the jackpot. At that moment we knew that we made the right choice on our journey to this amazing place. Overall, great customer service, delicious food and very hygienic.
Amazing find! The food is fantastic and not too expensive. Didn't take too long to get our order. The staff is incredibly nice - my friend and I chatted a lot to a Napali man who works there and he was so patient and kind.
Have been without Roti Roll for more than 6 months now. Having major withdrawals, the other day I thought about flying to NYC just to have one more frankie. I regret leaving because of this place.
This place is pretty good for a late night snack. All of the roti rolls have the same layout, diced tomatos, onions and Green Chutney wrapped in a tortilla with whatever food you pick. I tried the Chickpea, eggplant and tofu. They have a few seats in the store but its a very small place, so might want to get it to go. If your in the upper westside/West Harlem area late its definitely a great place to grab something to eat.
I used to go here somewhat regularly, since it's just down the block from where I live and the rolls were a good, cheap meal. However, they now have a C grade, so I'll be keeping my distance until they get their act in order.Of course, when they had an A they posted the grade prominently in the window, as they're supposed to. Now that they have a C they've hidden it away in the window next door. The businesses are connected, but if you're just going in for roti rolls it's easy to miss the sign next door. Be warned!
Atmosphere 3/5 - It's just a small place to order and pick up. Not much to sayService 4/5 - The cashier was very friendly and polite.Food 3/5 - Got one of the lamb rolls for 6 ish dollars. It was tasty and flavorful but really small. You'd have to get at least 2 to be full and that will cost you quite a bit. Will definitely have to try other rolls and see how they are. Low rating simply for the small portion size per dollar you spend.
This is a solid place to grab a quick bite to eat.  It's a small spot with just a couple of stools in front, so it's definitely a grab-and-go place.I had the aloo gobi muttar frankie (potatoes, cauliflower, and peas), which basically is a samosa in a burrito form, and it was super tasty.  And just a little bit spicy, which was good.  I also had a mango lassi - I've never been a huge fan of lassis, but I liked the thick consistency of this one, and it wasn't too sweet.My frankie and lassi came out to $8.50 - not bad at all, but I do have to say that, for $5, the frankies are a little small.  I wasn't super hungry the day I went, but I would suggest ordering two of these if your tummy is grumbling.  I didn't interact much with the workers, so I can't speak to their attitudes, but my frankie was prepared quickly.Overall, if I still lived near UWS, I would definitely hit up this place more often.  I won't go out of my way to come here, but, as a slightly obsessed Indian food fan, I'll definitely stop by whenever I'm in the area and I have the munchies.
Once again I found myself strolling through this 'hood when I had a mild case of the munchies....and lo' and behold I almost walked right past Frankie!  I stopped...slowly walked back...tilted my head to the right...considered...and thought, "Why the heck not??!!"I ordered the calamari and was, at first, very disturbed to see the much smaller container which they are now serving for the same price that I paid back when!  GASP!  How could they betray me thusly??!!Then I opened the box to see that the container was jam-packed with the calamari that I love (and my belly hates) so much.  So I poured the cilantro sauce all over those bad boys and ate them while I was walking.I gotta hand it to ya, Frankie.  I was full before I hit the bottom of the container.  You're still serving up that awesome flavor I fell in love with at first bite and have kept me as a happy camper who will visit you ever time I stroll by.
Roti Roll is my go-to spot for a quick lunch or late-night bite.  They are consistently good, with flavorful vegetarian options (I usually go for the chickpea roti or potato & peas roti).  The service is nice, and the prices are relatively low.  Definitely will be visiting here for years to come.
I'm not partial to Indian food, but I am to burrito-like wraps! Plus, this place is a hop and a skip away from my apartment. Lots of Columbia students frequent this place, although I haven't seen those on the older side coming here. It's good if you're looking for a vegetarian option (their eggplant, mushroom franks are pretty good). I've tried both the lamb and chicken option, and they're alright, nothing unforgettable. I guess I give this a lower rating because these franks, though small, are kind of greasy and heavy in your stomach. Do not order the mango lassi unless you like yours a bit thick and starchy. In all, I wouldn't call this cheap food for the quantity or quality. But it's one of the few stores open quite late, especially on weekends when you have late night munchies. My friends also love the pita-like bread, which you can order separately.
Damn good and cheap with great vegetarian / vegan options. The menu seems to be basically Indian burritos which they call "Frankie's."Very small counter to eat in or mostly take out.Recommended.
Aloo ghobi roti roll wasn't great. But the samosas and mango lassi were on point. Ordered via seamless and it arrived in a timely manner. Stoked overall and will order again ...
I love this place. It is a staple for Columbia students and makes for the best late night food. The lamb boti roll is by far the best IMO but it's hard to go wrong with any of their rolls. One roll is too little for me so I always get at least two.
So I really don't have to go all the way down to the West 4th stop on the A train to get tasty rolls, as I implied in another review...Frankie is a great addition to the NY roll community.  I can't tell the difference between a roti roll or a kati roll, nor do I know whether there is supposed to be a difference, but they all seem the same to me.I got the paneer roll and it was delicious.  It came with a yummy green cilantro-type sauce and strips of raw purple onions.  It was chock-full of flavor.  Roti was chewy and crispy in the right places. This is another place with very limited seating area, but I have been here a few times and it has never been crowded.  I've either eaten at the counter or eaten while walking.Frankie is good if you don't want to head farther south for rolls.  There are lots of parks nearby if you don't want to eat there.  I recommend.
I think the frankies (burritos) would've made an awesome late night snack, but instead it was my late night dinner. It was like having Indian food (a quick taste of it snuck in a huge roll of roti) but not. Something about the sauce wasn't reminiscent of Indian food, or at least the type of Indian food I was expecting. That may just be ignorance on my part, I'll admit. But with a thick roti wrapped about the little bit of stuffing, the carbohydrate masked some of the flavors on the inside. Not Roti Roll's fault I suppose. It was just the nature of the food.I ordered the tofu, mushroom, and sweet pepper marinated in mint and yogurt sauce frankie. (There was a conflict of interest when I made the order since I was craving tofu prepared Korean or Chinese style and I ended up doing it Indian style.) The sauce could've been a bit stronger, but it was enjoyable as it was. Interestingly I didn't taste yogurt or mint, but rather cilantro. The roti was as expected, a semi thick bread with the consistency of chewy burrito bread rolled into a wrap. The filling on the otherhand wasn't hot at all. I'd say it was slightly above room temp., a big no-no for me. I like my food piping hot!My friends ordered the aloo masala frankie (spiced potatoes and sweet peas) and the chicken malai frankie. They both enjoyed their food, although they didn't give further details. Perhaps I just ordered a less loved frankie?Roti Roll is definitely a great place for a stop and go kind of meal. It's affordable too at $4.50-$6 a frankie. There's an extra charge if you pay by credit card so have cash handy.
I've been a fan of Roti Roll since randomly discovering them in '06.  Somehow the quality of their food has never declined.  I've tried almost every "frankie" on the menu, but I always return to the filling, fresh, and absurdly tasty Chicken Malai roll.  (The Aloo Masala roll is my favourite vegetarian option.)  When I'm craving something extra, it's impossible to go wrong with the crispy and addictive Masala Calamari, which packs just enough heat to wake up your tastebuds.Service is friendly and quick and the hours can't be beat!  These rolls really hit the spot after a night of drinking.  (By the way, they're just as good, if not better, as refrigerated leftovers, so don't be afraid to order extra.)
After hitting the Museum of Natural History, we continued uptown to the upper west side near Columbia U., to satisfy our Indian street food craving.  Got the Chana Masala and the chicken malai Frankies, both with goat cheese.  The Frankies are basically round grilled Indian bread with filling, served like a burrito to go.  There is a tiny counter with stools for a few people to eat-in, but it's mostly a takeout joint.  It seemed very clean, but I'd still describe it as a hole-in-the-wall dive, but with fresh, good- quality food.  It's delicious and cheap... What's not to like?
I ordered delivery from this place today for the first time and I'm impressed. The delivery guy couldn't find the location clearly written on the receipt but the taste of the great food made up for that. I ordered 2 Aloo Masala roti rolls and the chips. The large order of chips were enough for 2-3 people. Two roti rolls were almost too much food. I ate it all because it was sooo delicious... I'll definitely order again and again. Best thing of all is that my food was still warm when it arrived. I wish I could say that more about other places in the neighborhood. This place is just all around great.
Reasons why Roti Roll is great:-DELICIOUS-Fast-CHEAP-DELICIOUSWhether it's 3am and you're plagued with the drunkies, or 6pm and you want a quick and filling dinner, Roti Roll is always a good call. Favorite Items:-Chana Masala Frankie***ADD GOAT CHEESE- seriously, take something delicious, add goat cheese, and you have something REALLY delicious. Treat yourself and splurge on the extra $1.50 for goat cheese. The only thing you'll regret is not trying this sooner.-Shrimp Methi Malai Frankie- delicious spices, lots of shrimp, really tasty.-Hot Aloo Fries- don't expect traditional french fries, but DO expect something deliciously tasty. Also, don't be alarmed by their vibrant,  somewhat radioactive hue of red.-Masala Calamari- do you like calamari? if so, you should try these because they are very good. If you don't like calamari, or deep fried seafood, or things that are delicious, then you probably won't like these.Spiced Popcorn Shrimp- probably my favorite of the "finger foods." See above description for "masala calamari" but substitute "shrimp" for "calamari."Not my favorite:Palak Paneer Frankie- not as good as the other frankies and disappointing if you're a big fan of  real Palak Paneer from Indian restaurants.  Just order the Chana Masala and call it a day.What you should do:Go to Rotil Roll with a friend- how fun! food and friends- each get a frankie (did i mention that the chana masala with goat cheese is great?) AND order spiced popcorn shrimp and/or hot aloo fries. You will be very full and very happy.
Decent place when you just left the bar. This place a variety of wraps and they were actually pretty good. If you're close by check it out.
I ordered here on seamless.  20% off for your first order on Seamless.This place does Roti Rolls, which are basically like Indian burritos.  The Chana Massala Roti was good.  The Shrimp app is pretty tasty (especially w/ green sauce).  It's not deep fried, but well seasoned.Pretty Cheap.  About $6 for a single (one Roti burrito, a bit on small side but very tasty) and $11 for a double.  Also, I orded a double Chana Massala Roti and paid for it on seamless, but they only sent me a single.  I called and they sent back the delivery man.  Did it take another 45 mins?  Yes, but I do think it was nice of them to send him back and they didn't give me a hard time about it (I was polite to them too).Good, but nothing amazing.
honestly I dont know why this place has 4 stars.... they are really. just OK. nothing special?! It's like a joint that just fills you up. The place is really small, has some bar chairs that you could sit at, but definitely not a comfortable. However, the cashier guy was really nice tho. He earned the spot another extra star LOL
Came here late one night and found the food surprisingly delicious! I had the eggplant and I highly recommend it! Everyone in my group was impressed by the rolls--both the vegetarians and the meat eaters alike.The place is pretty much the definition of a hole in the wall. There's a bar/lounge next door and I'm not sure if they're affiliated or not, but they appeared to have a sliding door between the two, with some workers coming and going. Very odd.They also had an open square in the wall that allowed you to peer into the bar....and here the very bad and loud karaoke next door. I might be inclined to visit that bar if I could have drinks and eat Roti Roll while there. Definitely will be back!
The food is okay just not for the price for dinner for two people it ranges from about $30 to $45 which is ridiculous. the calamari is bland if it wasnt for the cilantro mayo it wouldn't have any taste at all. the best thing on the menu is the shrimp roti other then that its just another hole in the wall late night spot.
Great idea - I want every vessel of food to be rapped in a flaky, buttery delivery vehicle.Overall - fairly good drunk food. I'll stop by next time I'm near columbia's campus.
Great food when you're already drunk and need some sustenance to keep going on.  Perfectly friendly and fast.
I got 2 chicken malai roti wraps here and I got to say one is enough to make you full! I can't really tell what spices they've used, but the flavor profiles in the wraps are amazing. The roti bread is similar to a Chinese bread I've had before and it is very buttery and just down right amazing.
Roti Roll is a great example of a restaurant that the destroys the competition in a very small niche, here being Bombay-style snack food. The rolls are made to order. I've eaten through the menu, but keeping coming back to the unda aloo and chicken tikka frankies.The chicken lollipops are outstanding. This take on the chicken wing is quite hard to find in the States, and Roti Roll really nails the dry spicy rub. The mint side sauce is the perfect counterbalance.Honorable mention for the calamari and fries - they're both quite tasty.
Very good deal for the price! The food is delicious and very flexible hours plus the menu is fairly diverse. My personal go-to spot for a quick bite
This is my go-to place for a late night snack. The chicken malai roll and baigan bartha are my favorites. Samosas are also pretty good, mostly just potato but tasty nonetheless and you can't go wrong for $3. Great prices!
Have you ever wondered what it would be like if you stuffed your entire Indian entree into a floury appetizer and ate it as if you were consuming Mexican street food?Yes you have, and Roti Roll has answered the call and made it a reality!And they call them Frankies!!While Roti Roll is mostly known and patronized by Columbia students drunk on PBR and tuition-induced financial ruin, Roti Roll's Frankies can be enjoyed just as thoroughly while lucid. Or debt-free. The majority of their menu is notably vegetarian with a few carnivorous options such as the Lamb Boti and the Spiced Shrimp Popcorn appetizer. While the Lamb doesn't live up to their other frankies such as the delectable spiced chick pea and the surprisingly complex okra, it is worth the purchase nonetheless. The latter shrimp popcorn is a surprisingly unique appetizer consisting of bare baby shrimp, dusted in a pink spice rather than being battered. Assuming I have the appetite, I order it every time.I guess what I'm saying is: if you're in the area, this is your new junk food stop.
I must say that I am really happy that my boyfriend's best friend used to live not too far from this place and that he stumbled upon it and later introduced it to my bf, because otherwise I really doubt I would have ever found Roti Roll.This place is pretty much a hole in the wall which sells a fast food version of Indian food. As a really big Indian food lover but less of a fast food one, I was both intrigued and scared to try this place at the same time, but I am really happy I did.I have tried both the Aloo Masala Frankie (Spiced Potatoes & Sweet Pea Mix) and the Aloo Gobi Muttar Frankie (Spices potatoes, cauliflower & green peas) and they were both great. I am actually planning on trying them both during one visit to be able to compare them because currently in my mind they are both equally as good. I have also tried the Chana Masala Frankie which is one of their specialties and is posted on the wall and I recommend it as well. The service here is pretty good and is usually quick, but sometimes, especially when they get busy, you might be in for a wait but not a bad one. The people working there are nice and the prices are not bad at all. Also they own the bar next door so if you need to use the bathroom just slide the door by the entrance and go ahead (although asking them to use it is probably a better move).Side Note: I do want to clear one thing out, as dumb as it might sound I have had a hard time trying to order from their menu because of the somewhat confusing description of the portion of the rolls.Now I finally can explain it . Basically there is whats called "each" which is yeah one roll (similar to the size of a 6 inch sub) and then there's "two" which is two of these rolls. Yeah now that I am writing this down I feel even dumber and this is probably simple for anyone else but me but I am going to keep this portion of the review just in case
This is great place to grab a bite to eat when its late at night since they are open until really late. The fries are great (it's worth getting the large size). In my opinion, the chicken frankie is a lot better than the lamb. Two chicken frankies cost $10 while the lamb equivalent cost $11. With the frankies and the fries, except to spend around $15 for a meal which is a bit expensive but worth the cost.
This place is amazing. If I could eat here everyday, I would. Great food, cheap, and fast. Not exactly a good place to go and sit down, but so worth the lack of seating.
My experience at Roti Roll basically consists of this: pricey, small, oily wrap filled with kind of dry chicken.  Like Prateek M.'s review, mine also had hard edges, yet I watched the guy fry/heat up the wrap in front of me.  Boo.Seems like other people had better luck than me.
Really great place to stop in for lunch! I am a huge Indian food fan and so I love trying it in different forms... Just getting one roll ($5 or so) is a sufficient amount for lunch - I ordered 2 because it was only $9 for two and I couldn't decide - Aloo Gobi and Chana Masala! Afterwards, I realized that was a little ambitious.  Now I have enough left over for tomorrow's lunch!
Solid tasty neighborhood option that seldom disappoints. The simplest veggie frankies are the best. The meat ones often disappoint. I have a soft spot for the squid and the fries and the excellent lassis.
The food alone is what gets any star rating at all. My main issue was the delivery guy. I'd read so many reviews about how great the delivery guy was - there's no way this was him. First, he refused to hand me the receipt without me giving him money first. I gave him a $20 and even then, he only handed me my food. Then, he starts to walk away tells me he doesn't have any change. My order in total was $14.03. I tell him he owes me change and he gave me back $2 and said that was all he had and also he couldn't understand me because he didn't speak English - even though up until then we'd been communicating just fine. I was in shock. Also, he was acting so weird, I was a little nervous to press the issue. I called down to my doorman to ensure he'd left the building.As for the food - the Chicken Malai roll I ordered was decent, the popcorn shrimp was pretty soggy, but the flavours were promising. The guy who took my order over the phone was super sweet, and my food arrived really quickly, abeit not that hot. The food was decent enough for me to order again, but I'd never want to encounter that sketchy delivery guy again so this was the first and last for me. I usually order through Seamless or grubhub so I've never experienced this cash shake-down before but all I can say is if you order from this place, use a card, and be on alert.
Love the food. The most fantastic thing is the fixed small menu. Quick decision followed with consistent taste. Late night availability always helps.
Generally dependable. Always flavorful going in...occasionally goes out as diarrhea but you'll still be functional the next day. The diarrhea is unpredictable; not specific to any one roll and you won't necessarily get it...There are days when I'm in the mood for the rolls themselves but then don't want to have to deal with the threat of diarrhea. Clearly I am conflicted
These are a bad substitute for the Kati Roll Company. They taste like they're being defrosted. Very disappointed.
I tried this place for the first time last night.  I ordered the  shrimp roti which was good, nothing super duper special and the calamari which was well seasoned, but too greasy and did not come with the mayo dipping sauce.  Delivery was extremely quick which was good, especially since I was starving at around 12am.  I was pretty annoyed to find out that the prices online are not up to date.  I was charged $7.50 for each item, but online it was $6.00 for the roti and $6.50 for the calamari.  I would try them again, but next time I would ask for the price before delivery and check the bag for all the items.
This is an ideal place for a light dinner or late night snack, the Palak Paneer and shrimp are my favorites. They do take online orders, but don't try special ordering anything over the phone, they seldom get those orders right.
Columbia's Indian inflected burrito.  Bombay frankie is cheap, fast, and pretty good.A few caveats:1) Take your bag to go. There's no way you are going to want to sit in there and eat.2) The staff is not the best with requests (i.e. you say "no chutney please."  You'll likely end up with chutney. So if you have any special requests, be sure to check your roll before leaving).3) If you've eaten at Kati Roll, you'll find this to be 'meh' at best. (Those Kati Rolls are just sublime.  They are flavorful and light and so oniony!)  If you haven't eaten at Kati Roll, you'll be absolutely fine.4) Skip the "sides" especially the Bombay potato chips (or whatever they call them).  It's just a box of soggy potatoes with cayenne pepper on them.
Old review still applies, but lollipop chicken is AMAZING! Share it with a friend while eating your wraps. It's the perfect side snack.
I had the chicken malai and the samosas. So good! My fiancé had the shrimp popcorn and the fries. Between the two of us we only spent $20 and we had so much food we had to bring some of it home with us. The food is very portable as well which is great for taking on the go.
Good taste and service. Very reasonably priced perfect place and food to end the night. I wish it had more seats though as place is tight. Open late too
Solid spot if you're looking for a relatively cheap, quick indian fix in the morningside heights.What you get is a roti packed with whatever you've selected from the menu to form the treat they call a frankie. The frankies range in price, but the veggie one's I get generally cost around 4.50, with meat costing a bit more. Decently spiced, oily, simple options. but what else could you expect from cheap indian food wrapped up in a roti? Also, order to go and make sure you grab napkins.
Roti, a South Asian bread made from unleavened stone-ground whole meal flour, still falls under unfamiliar territory for most New Yorkers. The flat bread is a common accompaniment to curries and vegetable dishes and is most commonly consumed in South Asia and the West Indies or Southern Caribbean. It is also commonly served as a roti roll or wrap with various meat and vegetable fillings. While it has always been popular among South Asian and West Indian communities in New York it only broke through the mainstream food craze after the arrival of the Kati Roll Company in 2002.Go further uptown near Columbia University and you have Bombay Frankie's. In the daytime customers are students and hospital staff looking for cheap good food and at night it's the go to spot for those in need of a post drinking fix. Established in 2005 the roti rolls here use a Lebanese type of pita bread, slightly thicker and heartier than the bread at Kati's. Fillings vary from okra to marinated lamb and spiced potatoes or eggs and the aloo masala and the lamb boti are very good. Prices range from $3-$7 a piece or $5-$12 for two rolls. At first glance it would seem that the price is similar but Frankie's rolls are heavier and much more filling that unless you're starving then a single roll will suffice, whereas one roll at Kati's will leave you still hungry. So keep that in mind and be careful with the spices as some of them might be a little too spicy for the inexperienced. Otherwise, whether you are looking for a cheap lunch, a quick snack, or looking to satisfy some late night cravings, why not try the Indian street food called roti. At the very least you'll widen your culinary horizons and quite possibly you'll like it enough to crave it from time to time.
Roti Roll!!!!This is the type of place I'd kill for near my work. What wonderful concoctions, and yet also a no brainer - why isn't there "portable Indian food" everywhere? Also agree with the reviewers who said you'll want to eat more than one - I had the Chicken Malai, and I don't know if it's the novel burrito-like presentation of Indian food or what, but it took me about half the roll of bites that were followed by "Hmm...interesting" before I devoured the rest of it in a flash and wanted more right away. Unfortunately I had to save room for food later, but on my next trip to Roti I will definitely be double-barrelling! Really want to try the eggplant!
Oh, Roti Roll, how I miss you.  This was my absolute, never fail, go to spot when I was in college, and now that I've grown up and moved away this is one of the few food experiences I haven't found a suitable replacement for.  I went back a few days ago and am so happy to report that nothing has changed (ok, it's a little pricier, but still super cheap).  Same decor, same friendly guy working behind the counter, and same delicious food.Back in the day I had Roti Roll for lunch, dinner, and drunken eats (I was never up for breakfast, but I would have gone there if I was).   My favorites are the unda aloo, chicken malai with goat cheese, palak paneer, and tofu mushroom, and I plan to have each one at least once before heading back to the less exciting coast.Health inspections be damned, long live Roti Roll!
2.5 stars. Eggplant was delicious but the other rolls that I tried (chicken, lamb and aloo) fell flat and were very dry. Had the Calamari as well which was a little soggy by the time I ate it (delivery) but it was still tasty and would probably be very good if one were to eat on the spot.I completely agree with the reviews that said not as good as a kati roll (especially one from the Byrani cart - which is one of the best food items you will find in NYC).Note- review was done about a year or so after having gone so possible food has improved.
Great food, great price, I come here as much as possible and get the chicken frankie.
Delicious!  Great little hole in the wall place in Manhattan Valley/Morningside Heights.  Getting 2 is a great deal.  Also it is connected to Suite, so if you get hungry during some late night drinking it's a great spot.
If you're craving frankies/rolls/kathi's, and stuck in Morningside, I guess this is your best bet.The food doesn't compare at all to what you get downtown. You can tell the roti's were frozen from the hard edges and the chicken/veggies inside are quite bland. Add the oily nature of the rotis, and it makes for a spot only to be visited if there's 10 feet of snow outside and the 1 isn't working. For a much much better experience, head down to Times Sq. and grab food from the Kati Roll Co. You'll thank me for the tip, trust me.
Very hard to find better quality food at this price. Delicious, great options, fast, and much healthier than other fast food  alternatives.5 Stars for the superb balance of quality and affordability. Best fast food I can think of.
Dear Roti Roll,You are delicious, quick and kind to my wallet. Please open another restaurant, preferably on the Upper East Side. Sakura
Burritos Indian style!  My boyfriend raved about this place and after a botched trip to the Met (damn you tunnel traffic), we settled roti rolls.  My favorite was the chana masala roll.  These aren't Chipotle size burritos but boy are they flavorful.  2-3 per person and I am sure at 2am this place is packed with college students.
I almost walked past this hole-in-the-wall -- do not make this mistake! These cheap, delicious wraps fill such a huge void in the local food scene. They're fast, filling, and interesting, and not totally bad for you. I have yet to stray from the aloo masala roll, which is fine because it's so good. The spicy cilantro sauce is the Indian answer to Calexico's crack sauce; you just keep wanting more of it. Go to town on the sauce, and get a lassi to beat the heat.The "fries" were a little underwhelming. And for whatever reason I found that the rotis don't travel so well -- a shame, since there's not much room to sit there.
The chicken malai frankie was yum and authentic. But what really did it for me was the Pudina chutney (the green mint sauce they put inside the frankie). It was so good. I couldn't have enough of the chutney.
Upon my second day in NYC, my dear friend N. took us to Roti Roll for a cheap dinner located on Amsterdam and W 109th off the Metro 1, B or C.    I couldn't have imagined how I fell in love with them "Rolli" Rolls - from unda aloo, aloo gobi, aloo masala, and many many more.   It was the east coast version of a Mexican burrito except with Indian spices, potatoes, eggplant, cauliflower, chicken, lamb, chick peas and spinach - a true gem on the upper west side.  The thick pancake, the thinly sliced onions, tomatoes and a delectable cilantro mayo adds a balance to the fresh and cooked ingredients.  We loved it so much that in the course of the 2-week stay, we frequented the place 4 times.  To culminate our trip, we attempted to call in our order, hoping that they would deliver to W 159th or at least meet up at the furthest of their delivery point.  Unfortunately, he had a hard time understanding me and took down my number stating that he'd call back.  Well, 15 mins later, we realized that we would have to trot down to Roti Rolls and make our order.  3 out of the 5 made the sacrifice to pick up our farewell NYC dinner.  S.'s suitor was working that night and threw in a hook because he forgot to call me back (it turns out that they only deliver between 95th and 135th).  The efficient chef whipped out our order in less than 20 mins!   NYC 8.26.08
Mmm, I like the roti rolls here a lot! I ordered the unda aloo masala and the roll came out piping hot in a delicious roti with a thick layer of egg, and a generous and well flavored portion of aloo masala. I also like the chana masala roti roll, which is a special on their wall.This place is tiny, but wasn't too crowded at Monday lunchtime, which is surprising considering how inexpensive this place is, and how delicious it is. It's also in close proximity to St. Luke's Hospital and St. John's Cathedral. Though I'm from CA this is one of the places that will always draw me back to NY!
Was a little hesitant to go but so glad I did! Got the Channa Roll (Spiced Chickpeas) and it was delicious! They add tomatoes, onions, green cilantro/yogurt sauce and spicy green sauce if you want. Ordered the homemade chips on the side which was a little salty but still good. Service is a bit slow but I will go back for the food.
roti roll never disappoints!!! no matter which type of roll I get i always end up loving it. definitely a must try for anyone who likes or wants to try indian food
How the hell did I live around the corner from this place for TWO YEARS and only go for the first time five months before I moved? This place is amazing. Chana masala and aloo gobi are the best. Say "yes" to spicy and "yes" to tomato and onions.The lassi is great AND they have beer since they're connected to Suite, next door.
After a few beers at 1020, just up the street, this is the perfect place to satisfy a late night craving and hunger.  I recently moved to NYC, and wouldn't have expected Indian food to be the type of food to fill that craving.  But, then i think..."This is NYC, anything is possible." And it truly is. Aloo Gobi wrapped up in a burrito style wrap?  Yes please.   Hot and spicy food that I eat on the street corner? Can I have seconds? This seems like a place that only gets more crowded later and later into the night, and even more so when its during the school year and Columbia students flock to the smell of delicious fries and Indian food.I anticipate eating here again.  After all, I need to try everything.
I used to go here regularly when I attended nearby Columbia University, and I was always happy.  Now I make it a point to stop by here whenever I'm in the neighborhood, and I force it on whoever might be with me, though they stop complaining after the first couple bites. Food is delicious and reasonably priced, service is relatively quick and painless.  Can't recommend it enough.
This is probably my favorite indian fusion food. The place is a bit small and hole in the wallish, but then again aren't all the best places? The food is simple but good. Try the lamb boti. It's perfectly composed.
very very bland. Disgusting. I went by the reviews and was disappointed. I think I am the only one with taste buds. I am upset that I paid $20 for what the gave me. I gave my food to my dog. the Bombay chicken lollipops tasted  like fried  cumin. I will never order from them again.
When I heard there was a place that used roti in its rolls, I was immediately game. I ordered the spinach and cheese roll, which was delicious and cheap at $4.50. I also had a bite of my friend's Aloo Gobi, which was equally yummy and more mushy. You get a lot for your money and one roti roll could be an entire's meal substitute. If I'm ever in the neighborhood, I'll definitely be stopping by again!
I tried to sweet talk the line cook into making me a giant roti; it didn't work.  In spite of my failed efforts, I am still a fan of this place.  It's a cheap, tasty meal that you can get until the wee hours of the night.  The vege fillings are pre-made (they scoop it out in chunks onto the grill) but it tastes wonderful reheated with fresh toppings of tomatoes, onions, and hot sauce.  The roti itself is heated over the grill with some oil, giving the wrap a nice chewy texture.  The shrimp is one of my favorite non-vege frankies, since the fennel and white sauce really complement the shrimp well.  I've also enjoyed their fried calamari several times.  While the overly spiced tentacles aren't actually crispy, it's the right level of grease and flavor to cut through a night of heavy lifting (drinking).  I wouldn't come here if you're actually looking for Indian cuisine, just as I wouldn't order egg rolls if I wanted Chinese food.  Roti Roll is a breed of its own and a damn tasty one at that.
I remember accidentally stumbling across Roti Roll right when it opened, on a cold, dark, rainy night some years ago. It was as if I were drawn to the brightly-colored storefront like a moth to a flame (that pretty accurately describes my relationship with most food). Inside, I experienced a novel sensation - Indian food in a wrap, or, more specifically, a roti. It's not like most Indian food you'll have at restaurants, but you can get your reliable Indian-flavored staples of potato, egg, paneer, marinated chicken and lamb and others. These are piled into a roti along with tomatoes, onions and a cilantro-based sauce! (sauce! gets an exclamation mark). I usually go for a chicken malai and an unda aloo (egg w/potato/pea mash).At the time I thought it was the greatest thing ever and went at least a few times a week. Since then I've had a lot more Indian food in wraps (at Kati Roll and elsewhere), and my ardent passion for Roti Roll has mellowed with time. It's perfectly fine food and there are still few enough restaurants like it to make it unique, but I'd be hard-pressed to say it's great food.At $3.50 for a chicken roll it might have been great - it was that cheap when it first opened - but now it's up to $5.00 per roll (the menu on their website needs to be updated), which is fair, but not a steal, since you'll probably need two rolls if you're hungry. However, it's still a little cheaper than Kati Roll. If you order two of the same roll they'll deduct $1.00 from the price, which is nice, but it got me thinking why only do it for the same roll? It's not like there are economies of scale from using the same filling. Why not just take $1.00 off for each extra roll you order?The regular sauce! they put on the roll used to be a lot spicier (the hot sauce was crazy), but now is completely mild. The next time I go back I'll need to ask for the hot sauce.
Awful Service, specially the one Nepali Guy with a moustache is very rude. The Food is nice but the service made my overall experience very bad.
Tried a few things and I think the Unda Aloo with egg is the best.The ones with protein (chicken and shrimps) were alright.  I think they do vegetarian stuff better.Mango lassi was good, but nothing extraordinary.
I call this place the "Taco Bell" of Indian food. If you're looking for some high quality vegetables and bread, this obviously isn't the place to go. However, if you're looking for something quick, yummy, and warm, this is the place to go.The prices are great. The staff is great. There's a $6 credit card minimum (I think). Plus, they stay just as yummy, so feel free to order 2 and save. My only ONLY complaint is that you get varying amount of stuffings depending on who's working. If it's one guy, he'll give me a spoonful of paneer. Others will give me heaps of it! But it's always enough, regardless.
My go-to Indian fix in Morningside Heights and a Columbia staple. I generally order delivery. They have great kati rolls (I love the Chicken Makhni and Shrimp) and mango lassi.
Decent, flavorful Kati rolls.  Perfect no frills meal that I've always taken home (vs eating there).  Given range of options -  place is good for vegetarians and non.  Staff behind counter friendly and you can't beat the hours!!
oh roti roll, if I could only remember the many times you have made me nice & full.  Come here any late night on the weekends & you'll find many drunk college students but rightfully so.  Cheap prices for rotis filled with goodness.  Get a bottle of mango juice while you're at it too!! =)
I just ordered delivery from Bombay Frankie and I must say I'm a big fan. I got the single Chicken Malai Frankie and the Unda Frankie. Both come in a whole wheat roti with green chutney, tomatoes, onions and some other spices. All in, this was delicious and came within 20 mins. Price was completely reasonable, in fact you get tons of bang for your buck. I'm definitely keeping this on the regular rotation. They are open til 4am too so will be great for a late night treat.
SO good, pretty cheap for what you get, AND they deliver to Columbia buildings (just be sure to give clear directions).
Crap.  I don't live around here and I am very sad that I know that this place exists but is so far away from my home.  I was needing a late night snack, and got the aloo frankie.  I mistakenly ordered 2 thinking my friend wanted one too, but I was wrong so I had another one for leftovers.  It has potato and peas in it (which didn't necessarily sound appealing to me), but my friend was right.  This thing was amazing, and tasty and filling.  A bit greasy, but totally worth it.
Pretty solid cheap eats that will leave you in a food coma afterwards. Nice on the go meal no a sit down place. Takes American Express but I think they have a $7 minimum. I'm coming back!
Cheap + delicious = win! I always get 2 rolls whenever I go - either to split or save for later. They are best fresh though because the wrap gets a little tough, and they are a bit awkward to microwave..
Damn I love Indian food after eating here!!! Awesome Roti Rolls by far in NyC
