I had intentions to eat here - it was my plan to try the lunch menu and then go at a later date for dinner. I will now be doing neither.I had a drink at the bar. I felt really uncomfortable and the numerous staff seemed cold and uninterested. It wouldn't hurt got the bar man to crack a smile.The only friendly member of staff was the lady with the septum piercing. The rest of the staff seemed to treat the place like a youth club and were standing around gossiping. It really but me off and it's such a shame as I only live across the street and it could have been my go-to.The drink I had was fine.
I'm hoping I just went here on an "off" day, but when I went to Chaiwali for dinner one day, it was nearly completely empty, and it still took over 20 minutes just to get water at our table.  I ordered a cocktail, and received the wrong one - the one I was given was a jalapeno something, and it tasted like acid and floor cleaner.  It burned my throat.  After we ordered dinner, it took over half an hour to get our appetizer.  I got the kale burger on someone's recommendation, and it was not memorable.  We spent nearly 2 hours here, and then when we wanted to pay our bill and leave, that took forever too.
I went for lunch with a few friends and we loved it!  Small lunch menu, but everything we had was delicious.  I had the kale burger, which was excellent.  The atmosphere was great, our server (Elis) was just lovely as well as very attentive and accommodating, and we found our luncheon experience to be pleasant and enjoyable.  i definitely plan on going back!
I really wanted to love this place; I came here three times before putting up this luke warm review. The decor/ambiance is really the biggest appeal and it deserves praise.  Check out the upstairs, and the outdoor dining "cage"; all meticulously planned out to give a kind of reclaimed colonialist vibe. The fusion menu, too, sounds impressive and a perfect evolution for many of the classical dishes upon which they're based. The waitstaff are a mixed bag. For some reason, one guy with a hipster beard in particular seems perpetually peeved and brusque (I had the displeasure of  being served by him twice) but the women working here are (so far) always kind and warm and welcoming.The main reason I can't give this place a higher review is the food: despite the best intentions, none of the ingredients taste fresh, or are cooked optimally. The crispy okra, for instance, is never actually crispy -- this is a staple rajasthani street food, and here, it doesn't even meet bare minimum standards. I think the okra is limp to begin with, and then the frying temperatures are not handled properly.Every dish I had just failed to taste fresh and lively.The best thing here is the chai, but for 4 dollars a cup (cumin biscuits NOT included), you're better off learning to make it yourself! My chai at home is less than 50 cents a cup and just as good.If you want to come for ambiance, don't skip out, but if you're expecting to be impressed by anything else, you will almost certainly be disappointed.I really hope the revamp the kitchen in particular, because this place has so much potential.
This place place is amazing! Food is fabulous and the bartender Ariel is the best bartender in NYC! Personalble and fantastic drinks!!! I recommend this to anyone looking for geeat decor, great food and outstanding decor...
I was looking for something simple but different to meet my friend to talk  enjoy light food  drinks. I was tired of regular over crowded bars on Friday night so wanted to get away from midtown, someone suggested this place uptown. I made reservation for 2 through open table. I walked from B train station 125th st and it was very uncomfortable walk as 2 guys started talking to me forcefully so I will advise to take cab here if you are not local. Once I get there front host didn't look welcoming at all so I have to ask her what should I do I have a reservation she asked me to go inside.As soon as I stepped In, it was completely different world. I was mesmerized by sitting arrangement and beautiful decor. They have lot of people working which is sign for fast service. They have 2 floors , outdoor seating and backyard seating which is perfect for intimate environment.For drinks we ordered Mango Belline  Sparkling flower which is on point and price $12-$14 which is average for cocktails.We are not that hungry so we just ordered Bhel puri  Papad which was simple  delicious.In the end we tried some Mango lassi which was good too. Later we realized they have Desert menu but it was too late.Overall I had amazing experience here. Good food, fast service  beautiful environment. I would recommend this place .
Great food, worst service ever. I can justLeave now without paying my bill, nobody checks In for a really wrong time. Got my desert wrong, no fork provided and no tea, 10 minutes later. The waiter is great, just slow service.
Went here for dinner last night. Was welcomed with a warm smile from the bartender. The decor is simply stunning!My friend and I ordered the Kale burger to share which was AMAZING and the shrimp  chickpea Curry which was nice (though my friend liked the masala fish at her last visit more).Surprisingly I thought the chai was just ok.Service was excellent- will definitely be back to try the masala fish!
I don't remember the last time I've written a review MID-MEAL (if ever). But this food I'm experiencing right now is ridiculously good. Came in between lunch + dinner, so just the bar snacks menu was available. No problem whatsoever. Their bar snack menu is small, but packs a punch and hits you so good in all the right places. After asking my darling server (Daphnie) if the Tandoori Chicken Wrap and Crunchy Kale  Avocado Salad would be too much, she answered with "Yes," I thanked her for her honesty, and just went with the wrap because it actually comes with a side salad. Score! The Chicken Tandoori Wrap, let me tell you. Spiceful, but not too spicy. It gets your taste buds going crazy just enough in the best way. It's described as being served with chutney, but it's more like a heavenly dipping sauce. It's definitely cilantro-based. I can't pinpoint any of the other ingredients, but it's got a smoothie, silky, savory, herbal taste. The perfect condiment to this amazing wrap. And the side salad just freshens up the whole dish, lightly dressed so it doesn't interfere with any of the other flavors. Highly recommend. Will be back.
For brunch only, might try dinner another day  After all the buzz I had heard it was rather disappointing in that nothing really stood out in any way at all.The eggplant mash was the only item with a little oomph. The crispy fish was indeed crispy but minimal flavor and the okra was mushy. The omlets I could've cooked at home myself. the egg roti melt was in what looked like a quesadilla, nothing to write home about. The lamb chops looked appetizing as it went by our table and we regretted not ordering it. Nice decor and ambience is the only positive I can say about it. Sorry!
Casual, fun, romantic enviorment. I've gone for brunch and dinner, always delicious food and really great staff.
I'm confused. I just tried to make reservations for Sunday brunch . . . and they asked for a credit card number to hold my reservation.  Um. . . #REALLY??!!?? #IDontThinkSo #TheFourSeasonsNeverRequiredTHATUPDATE:I called back and the manager allowed me to reserve for my party of 4 WITHOUT A CC #!! The food was ah-maaaaz-ing, amazing, amazing, and the champagne cocktail deelish.  The staff was really nice, too.I understand that people are obviously reserving and not showing up, but there should be another way to deal w the no-shows. I made a point of updating my review because Chaiwali really is a fantastic space and it's officially one of my Harlem #superfaves.
I've been here twice, both times the service was quite awkward.  Food is good.  Drinks are over priced and not made well.First time, went for dinner with a friend...however before we sat down the host and a waiter made us wait while they proceeded to have an argument in front of us and continued to throw loud digs at one another throughout the meal...really weird.Second time...stopped in for a drink on the way home with another friend.  The bartender was obnoxious and had a thing for "negging"...again so weird...and he really couldn't make a good drink.  An overall sour experience, including those unbalanced drinks we could not finish.
Very cool vibe at this place. Small outdoor area with large round table great for a group. The food rated a 4 but the service was so slow I had to give overall 3 rating. Our server was very nice but swamped. Seemed like kitchen was overwhelmed also. Had the Monsoon (shrimp) and it was delicious. Flavors were distinct and well balanced. Also shared the rum cake and it was so light and tasty that we all were fighting for last bite. With more staff this place has what it takes to be a true neighborhood gem.
I wanted to like this place. It has a lovely airy feel, but the food is so mediocre. Service was indifferent at best and at times hostile. Our server seemed confused when we asked for a menu or the bill. He was at times confrontational. It's an impostor desi place, masquerading watered down and bland cooking as fusion. The masala fish was dry, tasteless, and actually had no masala. We were served two small cups of bland and lukewarm "house chai." All of this might be okay but for the fact that it's a bloody expensive place. Hope this place improves or cedes to a better restaurant.
I went to this place when it was fairly new, like in it's 6 the or 7th month. The ambiance is a beautiful mix of Indian Chic and city flair however, the service was a different story. Again, I assume they were getting in their stride but the servers were less than pleased to be at work and the ones that were doing their jobs seemed hella confused! The food was good, my favorite item being the butter coffee. I've only been back one additional time and though I experienced much of the same, the group of friends I was with, helped pas the time and ease the frustration.
Food is so good and unexpected - unconventional mix of flavors, fresh ingredients, affordable too. Of course, kale burger is a must and the lamb chops are delicious. I've been here three times, so the menu has me coming back but I'm consistently unimpressed by the service! Food takes a while to come out, and in my experience, the kitchen tends to run out of certain ingredients making some dishes unavailable. Nevertheless, I would still recommend this place for a great meal in Harlem. Just hope the management works on improving service!
My lovely daughter who is a foodie took me there . The restaurant has a unique and inviting ambience . Kale burger is to die for . Two days later I still have the lingering taste of butter chai and olive oil and almond cake .It's fascinating how they serve chai at the barThe ceiling in the bathroom on the main floor is done in a creative manner.The best thing about Chaiwali is the dishes in the menu ... Its exactly the way I would cook at home .. From very traditional khichadi ,samosa and butter chai to blended kale fritters served with green chutney and hummus .Felt so much at home with the food .Will certainly go back and will give it five stars.
As an avid chai drinker, I absolutely LOVE the concept and implementation of this little cafe/restaurant. Now, to start off, I've only had the take out because it's a half a block away from where I work, which makes it super easy to get my afternoon pick-me up here. And the only two things I've tried are the thandi chai and their chai biscuits. The chai is okay, I like that it is the closest thing to authentic chai in the area. And maybe I'm not so excited about it because thandi chai is basically hot tea poured over ice, which dilutes the pop and spice of chai. HOWEVER, the chai biscuits are AMAZING. I absolutely love them, they remind me of the chai biscuits my grandmother makes but with the perfect amount of spice and sweetness. It's so well executed that I have been frequenting here strictly for them. I definitely want to explore more of the menu because it so perfectly reminds me of treats and drinks that I grew up seeing, tasting and smelling. Definitely will continue coming here and trying more of their creations!
There are plenty of Indian eateries in NYC, some awesome, but as it's become so prevalent, many places are just average at best.  But Chaiwali seems to have a clear objective to restore the reputation of Indian cuisine - with real depth of flavor, green ingredients that wake you up with freshness, and spiced chai that makes you remember 'oh, this is SUPPOSED to have spice in it!'  (I bet you forgot since the chains try and fail at this consistently.)But Chaiwali is debunking everything NYers subconsciously began to accept about Indian.  For instance, I'd actually become used to dense naan.  So my eyes grew wide when theirs was so light and tasty, with dipping chutney options for every palate.  The rosewater in the Drinking Flowers cocktail will keep me coming back.  And the Avocado  Arugula toast made me want to become vegan!  And I never expected to find decent Indian food in Harlem so feel I like this just might be Harlem's best kept secret.
We had a nice dinner at ChaiWali on a recent weekend.  We sat in the downstairs dining room, which is cozy and almost feels like someone's living room.  There is also seating in the nice garden area out back.The food was delicious.  This is not your run of the mill Indian menu--the dishes are original and are a combination of different cuisines that reflect the chef's imagination and experiences.  We had samosas to start, then vindaloo lamb chops, masala fish w/ okra fries (like french fries but with okra!), and the vegan layer pie.  The service was attentive throughout.  Food timing-wise, the starter came out promptly but there was a significant gap until the main course--the kind where you start looking alternately between your watch and the kitchen door.  And the restaurant wasn't full, which always makes you wonder what's going on back there.The other dent in the evening was the server's constant and effusive "recommendations" ("You REALLY must try this!") which, surprise surprise, were always the most expensive options.  First it was the house cocktail ($11), then the shared Indian platter starter ($36), the extra main course to share ("I really don't think you ordered enough"), the vegan layer pie ($19), the yogurt ($7), the bread basket ($11.50) and on and on.  Right up to the end:  "Ordering chai?  Have the house special ($7 instead of $4).  Too full for desert?  Then how about a small plate of cookies ($3)."  Really?  We know this is not an inexpensive restaurant.  You don't have to coax the money out of our wallets.  ChaiWali deserves better.One star off for the wait between courses and the upsells.
The food was tasty. The service was fast. Environment is cozy. The location is also convenient.
Lots of buzz about this place, but I personally was not impressed. I found the food to be overly expensive for the dishes offered. We had the chicken pulao and kale burger, and naan.  The chicken pulao (22$) was basically grilled chicken with vegetable quinoa, had no indian flare whatsoever. The naan (4$)was terrible and tasted like pita bread. I overheard they outsourced the naan to keep it non gmo but an Indian restaurant that cannot make a decent naan to me is red flag. The kale burger (16$)was good, but I found it to be flavored with way too much onion and garlic. The name of the restaurant refers to the Chai Wali, those who serve chai in India but the chai is not really publicized in the menu and it was ok. The place's decor is very cute, but it is obviously indian food for the general fusion public. The service was super slow, and dysfunctional , lots of staff standing around  doing nothing , and only one server for too many tables. If you are up for the train ride, go to Jackson Heights queens, amazing chicken pulao at 10 bucks.  I really wanted to like this place but I don't think I will go back.
Great place for brunch! Nice interior, friendly staff, a warm welcome at the entrance door. A nice india-american food experience! Be prepared for some hot dishes!
Very underwhelming food. The only reason they have a one star from me instead of 2 is that the chai is good.We ordered Masala Fish (had no masala, spice or flavor but half decent tomato sauce) and paneer Arugula Mac and Cheese (how do you ever screw up the Mac and Cheese). The fritters which came with Masala Fish (okra Fritters) were cold and soggy. The Mac and Cheese had no flavor. The chai was good - exactly how it is supposed to be. The saving grace of an otherwise lousy brunch.
+ a bit pricy, but ambience is wonderful and menu is delicious. + shared appetizer platter, fish dinner, veggie stew, chicken dinner with a whole table. everyone enjoyed. - crust on the fish was corn meal... not my preferred texture.+ mango lassi was ok+ waitstaff was nice.+ menu is interesting/innovative take on Indian flavors. + met the chef/owner and she is lovely+ high quality- okra fries were too oily, and mostly batter.
Friday night, primetime, went to Chaiwali on a dateDidn't have reservations but we were accommodated instantly, despite them being fullLots of vegetarian optionsAttentive serviceSarah was a wonderful server! Knowledgeable about the food and drink menus, friendly, consistent, and knew how to pour a glass of wine. Food was delicious - naan, garlic spinach, kale burger, Anita's pieBeautiful interior and tranquil atmosphere
This place is absolutely stunning!  The overall ambiance is elegant with a hint of quiet confidence.  Staff are always courteous and the food always taste fresh with splash of sexy.  Compliments to the chef(s)!
Chaiwali has become a great lunchtime option--the food is healthy and fresh, and the restaurant is close enough to work that I can run in for pick-up or enjoy a long lunch on a Summer Friday. My favorites have been the Crunchy Kale Salad and the Kale Burger, and I can't not get an order of the samosas. The prices are higher than other casual options in the area, but are still affordable and reasonable. The service is always friendly as well, but might slow down during busy times. Very happy to have this option in the neighborhood!
I ordered off of their new brunch menu - the arugula goat cheese omelet - it was incredible! Loved the kefir mango lassi too!
Our dinner reservation at 8:15 was right in the midst of a lively party, but luckily our table upstairs was quiet enough to carry on a conversation. The menu selection isn't huge, but I would have liked to try at least 2, if not 3, of their entrees. Most surprising was what they made out of kale, whether salad or as part of a burger! And the ocra fries are a must. I had the curry shrimp and loved it.The wine selection is limited, but there's something for everyone, and the beer selection is generous, even though only in bottles/cans. Adding a draft microbrew (especially IPA) or two couldn't hurt.Our tab for seven with moderate alcohol consumption and an automatic 20% tip came to $360, entirely reasonable for the good food and atmosphere we enjoyed.Will be back..!
Friday night, 7 pm, the place is dead. Staff standing around with nothing to do. Should be great service right? Wrong. We got the worst and the rudest waiter (bald guy). After rushing us to place the order he disappeared for an hour along with our food. Finally the entrees came but not the appetizers. After asking whatever happened to our starters the guy (not the waiter) said oh yeah and brought them as well. I never got the flat bread for my vegan pie.Samosas were extremely oversalted. Not that we had a chance to tell to our waiter who again promptly disappeared. Also everything was spicy. Can't blame the waiter on that but beware, unless everyone in your company is a spice lover, every dish is spicy whether mentioned in the menu or not. Vegan pie was some soggy gross concoction. Chicken was pretty good and moist.Then we got the wrong check. Took time to locate our waiter again who kept on being very unfriendly. We thought about getting desserts but figured it would take another hour so we just left.
A fabulous place.. we found an absolute gem in Harlem.. great twist to Indian food.. I must say that there wasn't as much variety as I would have expected, but everything that can on our table was simply great.. we went on a Friday for lunch.. was easy to get a table.. it's a fairly large space.. chai was good too:-)
Decor is beautiful. Service was good. Food, not impressive unfortunately. I had the lamb chops which were very tasty, but the potatoes they came with were super oily and the purée had a weird after taste to it. My friend had the fish and Okra: it was crusted and pan fried, but unfortunately again it was not tasty. Too dry and on the bland side. Staff (busboy )took feedback seriously which earned the 3rd star.
While the ambience  setting of this restaurant are unique for the area  relaxing, the service is poor and the food is highly overpriced for what it is. Two small glasses of lemon water and 3 mini samosas and you've already racked up $20 before tip and tax. As per other reviewers, expect to wait a while for anything - whether drinks, appetizers or entrees. I understand that it is trying to achieve a fusion of different styles, but the food itself was also mediocre and not sure the flavor mixes work
The lamb vindaloo was unlike anything I've had before: the sauce is long gone and has instead infused each lamb chops with the heat and spice that the recipe requires. The belh Puri was a perfect symphony of tart and sweet and spicy and crunchy. I can't say that all the dishes held to that standard  and the wine list and cocktails are limited. The best part was definitely NATHALIE, the gracious manager. She brings great personality and character and complement the amazing set design that the restaurant put forth. Make sure to visit the bathroom and be enchanted by the marigold wall and ceiling covering.
I had some issues with this place, but I'll focus first on the service and food. Came here on a weekday night and was seated right away in the corner. They had live jazz, so we were right next to it. It was nice listening, but hard to have a conversation. The waiter was great, very attentive, but not overly. His timing was just right and it really stood out as some of the best service I've experienced. I split the samosas, flatbread, and the vegetarian casserole/pie. Food was decent, good flavors, decent portion sizes, and an interesting twist of indian fusion.When I walked up to the restaurant, it looks so adorable. A perfect date spot, and I was excited for a new Indian place in the area. I walked in and was greeted by the hostess who was wearing a Chinese shirt/dress. This is clearly an Indian inspired restaurant--it's in its name, its flavors, and its tag on yelp. So... why the heck is the hostess's uniform a CHINESE outfit?!?! Then, I notice 2 of the male workers were wearing turbans as part of their uniform. They were wearing turbans as their uniform... they were wearing a religious garb as their uniform!! My Indian boyfriend didn't find this too offensive, but as an American Chinese, I found the hostess's dress VERY offensive. Although both cultures may be labeled generically as "Asian" we are not all the same. And, establishments need to be more careful to ensure they are not appropriating other cultures.
Delicious HEALTHY Food that taste like it was prepared with care and love.We ordered the lamb a second time it was so good.The 3 desserts were special, rum pudding was the best, halva was nutty and mango goat cheese mousse wasn't too sweet, just nice and delicious. The naked Chai was amazing. We started with the Drinking Flowers, a nice balance of St Germain, Prosecco and rose water.Not dry or sweet.
WHY this restaurant isn't a straight 5 star is  beyond my comprehension.  I think they don't understand how perfectly balanced the food is.  Of course, the Kale Burger alone is worth a 50 star review but the Oy dish I didn't ADORE was the layer taste.  And that is only because I don't like red peppers.The service is impeccable.  The chef Sue is spectacular.  The owner Anita is adorable and so cordial.  The decor is both high style and warm and homey.  AND the backyard...REALLY?!?!?  In NYC, nothing like it.I bring people here all the time and no one has ever been anything but ecstatic about the place.
This is my favorite place in Harlem. The teas and coffees are on point and I really love the atmosphere. It's great place to work if you bring the wifi or mifi with you because they do not provide it. If you're looking to impress a date or just trying the amazingly fresh as hell lunch options it's worth it.I've been on several chai or green chai binges here and it's all worth it.Love this place! Have all of your meetings here!PS - the dinner options are not that filling. Just an FYI.
More kitsch than taste. Was really disappointed as there was little to no flavor in the food and pretty much everything was under seasoned. There was also no cohesion or thought behind the menu. We were a big group so got to taste a lot of what was on the menu. The eggplant dip tasted close to something someone would serve at a cafeteria or even a hospital. The samosa felt that it was refried and was over done. The lamb chops were probably better than the other things I tasted but nothing to write home about. Don't bother with the quinoa pulao you can probably make it urself ... Okra fries were meh ... Don't even think about the pasta it was penne in a lot of cream and some mushrooms and truffle oil that over powered the tastebuds. The fish like the lamb was average. It was soft and flaky but again under seasoned. I didn't taste the kale burger but my friend said it was good so that might be the saving grace. If you do end up here I would suggest instead of ordering the food get a carafe of their rose, Ginger prosecco and enjoy the kitschy decor and the awesome ambience. Whatever the ambience promises the food doesn't deliver.
Had a variety of dishes here with a decent group of people and have to say, we were sort of confused? We were expecting Indian cuisine or a fusion but there were so many different flavors it was hard to enjoy them all properly. Okra fries are great though. Service was lovely and decor was amazing. Go upstairs if u have the chance and check out the animal room :)
Very frustrated that I invited my friends out here on an Co workers recommendation. Waited an hour and fifteen minutes for food and there is still nothing on our table.They didn't change our water consistently and maybe the wait staff was new but even so the level of incompetence was jarring. The food was decent as was the chai given the price but the wait time heavily diluted my experience with waiting an hour and a half for not a terribly large amount of food.In addition they messed up our check and over charged us. I didn't want to spend nearly two and a half hours for a casual lunch with my friends for lackluster fare.
I got to experience a wide variety of the food as my group decided to go family style on 5 dishes, 4 apps and 3 desserts.  We were thoroughly impressed with their ability to create Indian dishes outside the norm of tikki masala and vindaloo.  My personal favorite dishes were the Whole Roasted Garlic App, The Vindaloo Lamp Chops and the Alice's Jamaican Rum and Biscuit Pudding.  To be honest I could eat that dessert every day and not get sick of it.  The whole experience was wonderful.  The restaurants ambiance is extremely unique and inviting.  I would definitely come back
Awesome new cafe in Harlem that specializes in coffee, chai, Indian home cooked snacks like samosas, desserts like nutty olive oil cake, gluten free food, and overall a gorgeous venue. Spacious and warm interiors with lots of seating, a communal round table outside, and a beautiful upstairs area with a nice birds eye view of Lenox Ave.  Definitely worth checking out.
Hidden gem in the neighborhood. The chef is from Delhi, but this is the most unique indian food i have ever tasted. Dosa waffle anyone?Definitely a must try! And dont miss their cocktails either. There has not been one dish that has been disappointing so far.
The place is very cute and has a tranquil ambiance to it. My roommate and I had the roses drink which had lychee and was pretty good, girly but not overwhelmingly sweet, refreshing and sparkling. The only reason for the 3 stars, the food took a very long time to arrive. We had the black pepper chicken and the vegetable stew. Besides being really hungry the food was delicious, we cleaned our plates pretty much. Also they have a good number of vegetarian and gluten-free options. I see myself going back with my family and friends.
Where do I start? If you're into trendy, pretentious, overpriced food that is mostly gluten and dairy free, accompanied by ear-shattering, conversation-discouraging jams, this is your spot. If you're looking for tasty, well-seasoned, delectable Indian food, keep moving. Three stars since my co-diners enjoyed their kale burger and lamb chops. My shrimp and chickpea curry was SO disappointing. No good curry flavor here. Not spicy. Watery would be a fair description. Rice tasted like uncle bens.
First review:Beautiful beautiful restaurant! The ambiance and decor is fascinating. A true gem in the middle of Harlem.The food is pretty good too. Not the best Indian I had but definitely a nice dining experience. It has a couple of plates that are worth trying. The roti was my favorite, a cheese quesadilla like plate, which came with a green sauce that was addictive! Crunchy on the outside and melty cheese inside is the perfect combination.The rice cakes which came in the southern Indian breakfast were too tasteless for my palate. Good sauces and toppings on them but the actual rice cake didn't have any flavor.The chili is great for winter and cold weather. It's a little bit on the heavy side since you can see all the oil they use. Literally the meat is floating on sauce and oil 50/50. Very good flavor though.The samosas are not what I expected. Too small, a lot of fried dough and little filling. Overall good food but I guess not the right choices. I would like to try the kale burger, eggplant spread and lentils next time. I like they have many options to go back.I'll be back..Second review:I'm not going to be back to this restaurant ever! 1 hour and a half waiting for our food. The three times I came to this place the service was horrible. Understaffed, with an attitude and didn't care for the clients.This time nobody was coming to our table from the beginning and we had to literally get up and go looking for water every time. But it doesn't end there although we were starving and we order appetizers for the table which they forgot to put them as appetizers so they brought everything together. No, when the plates came they forgot one of them and although we talked several times with the owner he did not do anything to compensate for the waiting neither for the basic behavior of the restaurant. He should have told us that there were few waiters and that the kitchen was running slow. Instead he didn't tell us what was happening and when the check came everything was charged. An owner needs to keep the clientele at all costs and I'm not saying that you should get free food all the time. You need to be compensated for such a bad service and mistreatment. At least the coffee is on the house or complimentary appetizers for the delay.People don't know how to manage a restaurant.You just lost 4 clients ChaiWali, so Chau Wali!
4.5 stars.Hold up, this place is amazing. Healthy, Indian-inspired food with good chai. Service was exemplary--the best I've had in Harlem so far, bar none, and in general, in a while. A special shout-out to LaToya and Champagne, who were knowledgeable, warm, courteous and plain lovely. I even spoke with the owner, who seemed slightly stressed, and she mentioned that they will be starting dinner service soon.As for the food, I had tha Tandoori Chicken Salad, which had a nice kick to it and came with a bountiful salad of greens, jicama, tomatoes and carrots. Don't be fooled as I was--it may not look filling, but believe me it is. Tuesday is free house chai day with a $5 purchase, so I had that too, which was smooth and soothing. I sat at the bar and noticed a lot of people ordering the butter chai, so looking forward to trying that next time.All in all, a wonderful additon to Harlem. The decor is also lovely (the place used to be a barber shop, though you'd never know it). The place was nearly full on a Tuesday afternoon with a steady stream of people also ordering drinks and food to go, so the word is out.Again, Champagne and LaToya, thank you for your exceptional and warm service. You're great ambassadors for the restaurant and one (or two) of the reasons I'll be back!
The restaurant is a go-to in Harlem! The samosas were excellent as was the kale burger. The prices were reasonable and the cocktails were awesome, especially the cocktail with champagne and rose water. I arrived at 6:30 p.m. and it was empty. By the time  my friend and I left at 8:30ish, the venue was packed and lively. That said, I recommend you get there early and/or make a reservation. In the end, Chaiwali is a hit!
I love love love this place. The staff are super friendly and the owners and chef come to greet you at your table. The vibe and treatment of guests is similar to family member who hasn't seen u in awhile and wants to greet u and feed you the best. Among all the food choices in Harlem i appreciate that the ingredients are cooked by a health conscious chef who wants to feed you flavorful healthy natural/organic food. I have been twice and both times they were super accommodating so that my family could dine together (baby in tow). I have had the vegetable stew (big 'meaty' vegetables that were all tender and juicy) and the kale burger (hands down the favorite bc of the avocado base of the burger and flavor profiles) and the okra fries that are a nice alternative to fries. For all future occasions I will always keep this place in mind.
We used Chaiwali for a birthday celebration. We had 75+ people.  We were really really happy about the function. All the guests had wonderful things to say about Chaiwali and its attentive staff. The food was excellent, service was courteous and thoughtful. Anita and Natalie helped us plan the celebration well. They took care of it as if it was there own function. Highly recommend using them for your next big bash!
Adorable relaxing place. The inside decor and outdoor patio are very nicely designed. Everything on the menu looked interesting, we ended up getting the roti roll, eggplant with lentil wafer, okra fries and rice cakes with spices. Everything was great. The service is also on point even though the place is new.Their beverage menu is very original, you can technically have their butter chai tea for dessert.
They dug the Shrimp Chickpea Curry dish and everybody loved the Crunchy KaleFritters. They were so healthy.
If only the service was better.. I waited 35 min for a salad (which was delicious). It wasn't to crowded there were other disgruntled customers waiting awhile for food. This place may be good for take out but the dining experience wasn't the best not one bit.
This restaurant is absolutely gorgeous and the decor alone is worth checking out if you haven't been. I'd give them 5 stars for ambience and design. Their outdoor dining area with the spectacularly large and cool birdcage that you dine in is really cool. This was our first meal here despite living in the neighborhood and reviews from friends haven't been that great, but they mostly complained about the prices and the service. We actually thought the food was excellent. We got the bhel and a crispy Kale and avocado salad as appetizers and they were both delicious. The portion of the bhel for what they're charging for it was very disappointing and really annoyed us. It's just bhel, not filet mignon so honestly if you're charging me double of what most Indian restaurants in town charge for puffed rice, at least serve more than 3 spoonfuls of it. For entrees we got the fried fish dish and the black pepper chicken. Both we're excellent and had the perfect amount of seasoning. The okra fries as a side were pretty good too. Overall we really enjoyed the food and the service was friendly and attentive, but their food is a overpriced and the portions sizes for some of the items are teeny, tiny and don't justify the prices. Which is why I'm giving them 3 stars. Also, please don't charge me for a tiny, tiny bowl of hot sauce if you're charging me $24 for an entree. And if they're going to charge for sauces they should have let us know when we ordered a few. A cup of chai was $4.50 which isn't cheap for tea but it was an excellent cup of chai and i might go back there just for that. We live in the neighborhood and would love to go here more often but they're going to have to figure out their portion sizes or pricing soon. It wasn't that busy even during peak dinner time on a Thursday night.
Based on food alone, this would be worthy of 3.5-4 stars, I've been a number of times, food has always been good, always interesting and innovative. The service is pretty terrible, from being completely ignored when waiting for a table, waiting upwards of 45 minutes for entrees, only to have it delivered by gruff waitstaff.
We came on a Wednesday night at around 7pm and it was empty. We got seated downstairs by a very attentive staff member, however, then we got our waiter who took a while to bring menus and take our drinks and then take our orders. Then of course, it took FOREVER for our food to come out. I now see all the poor reviews about service. It is so true because the food is fantastic but I can't get over how bad the service is and how long it takes for the food to come out. We ordered an app, two entrees and dessert and we were there nearly 3 hours. It's too bad because the food was great: bel puri was great, the kale burger was amazing and the vindaloo chops were great. The almond cake was not very good but by the time we got it, we were ready to leave so we hardly ate it. So disappointing.
There are very few places I've walked into in my life (particularly food places) that I've instantly thought were beautiful and ethereal, but Chaiwali was one of those rare gems for me. Sadly I'm not much a fan of tea (so Chaiwali's main attraction was lost on me), but I truly loved its decor and whimsical ambiance. Because I came on a Sunday morning, I decided to order the Avocado Toast (which I actually have never ordered anywhere, in spite of how trendy it is these days) and it was simply delicious (and thankfully not pricey!). I really can't say enough about how beautiful Chaiwali is - it's truly like stepping off the street and into a small oasis. It's amazing what they've been able to do inside and how well executed it is. The waitstaff was very nice and helpful too. I'm looking forward to checking Chaiwali out again and giving some of their other offerings a try (especially once the weather gets warmer and you can sit out back).
The kale burger is the best veggie burger I've ever had. Delicious!! A little spicy though. I didn't like the cookies that I ordered for dessert. Way too much cayenne pepper. I will go back for the kale burger
I had the Masala Fish  Okra Fries. I suppose with the Okra Fries this is their take on "Fish  Chips." The fish was very good, very small serving size, however. Temperature hot (though I wasn't sure what to expect, bones or no bones. It came without bones). It's a soft flat fish. The seasoning is nice (mustard and fenugreek). The okra fries were nice and crispy. They didn't come piping hot as I would have preferred. I thought the meal was over priced at $24 and certainly didn't leave me thinking "I'd come and order this dish again."
I read a review about Chaiwali in the New York Times that featured this newish Harlem, NY eatery. The favorable review piqued my curiosity, so on my next trip to Harlem I decided to try it. I've been a regular ever since. The food is amazingly good, with creative interpretations of Indian food. The service is prompt and courteous, and owner Anita Trehan has created a place that feels intimate and inviting. I've taken friends there, and they all love it, saying they too will return. I have recently become vegan, and Chaiwali has several vegan and vegetarian selections among its many menu items. Chaiwali is a welcome addition to the rapidly growing Harlem culinary environment. If you need an excuse to visit Harlem, this is as good a reason as any. Great food in a great environment.
Had dinner with my girls last night... Eggplant and Goa Ceviche was very good!  Lamb chops are a MUST! And so good that you want seconds. Also nice to see a halal option which was the Chicken Tikka which was pretty good too. Just don"t sit by the door it's cold and don't expect any personality in the service. I would go again for the lamb chops!!
While visiting my sister in NYC, she took us here because she and her husband liked it a lot. On arrival, she asked if the owner was in and was told, "No, she's on vacation." We should have left after that. Horrible, horrible service and mediocre food at best. What should have been a one-hour lunch, stretched into 2 1/2 hours of missteps all along the way. My sister kept apologizing to us for bringing us here. It wasn't her fault, but it sure was the fault of the restaurant staff. I've gotten better, more professional service at Burger King...and better food. Very sad.
Used to have the only authentic chai that I've had outside of India but recipe has definitely changed since. Under-spiced, weak chai! What happened?
My favorite place to enjoy a lovely evening with friends. Wonderful ambiance, delicious food and drinks, and excellent service. I can't wait to go back soon!
The food was absolutely fabulous, worth the wait. Definitely coming back here. The atmosphere and music is divine.  You much check it out.
PLEASE HIRE NEW WAITERS/WAITRESSESThis is one of the best new establishments in Harlem, wonderful food, beautiful decor, very nice owners. I come here all the time. BUT it's becoming increasingly hard to look past the incompetence of the waitstaff! Not the entire staff, but a number of them seem to have trouble with the simplest tasks such as checking in with their tables, bringing you water, getting your order right, getting your order at all, bringing the correct receipt etc...  It's not a very large place, a handful of tables, with a small menu, but the waiters seem so overwhelmed at times it's as if they were just transported there from a another planet, and have never seen another human before, let alone ask them if they would like tea or coffee...I really love this place and it would be a shame to see it go under because of poor service. Hopefully this is an easy fix.
Calling this a restaurant does it a singular disservice: it is an experience to be savored over and over again with each time getting better. Their menu is beyond eclectic with jaw dropping prices. The Anda (egg) roll for instance is $7 - yes seven - and served with mint chutney and can fill up just about anyone. The Quinoa Chicken tikka chaat is more expensive ($22) but worth every penny. The "chai" is must regardless of what one eats.The restaurant itself is situated in a gorgeous townhouse and stunningly decorated. For instance, there is a stuffed peacock on the stairwell which leads to a room above the main restaurant floor. The room upstairs, though not used for dining, is charming with an assortment of photos from British India and other memorabilia.  There is an open air space called the "bird cage" at the back of the restaurant which sadly cannot used during winter.
An hour has past and we're still going strong.  The food should come any minute now.  *Ratings subject to change if food arrives.Edit: Food came and it was delicious.  Wouldn't wait this long again for it.
Had dinner here last night. everything was excellent. Kale burger--really good, didn't miss meat at all. garlicky spinach--delish. roasted eggplant appetizer--great. husband had chili pasta--fabulous!Also, some kind of rum Jamaican biscuit dessert--so good!This was our second visit--even better than the first! Great live music too. Highly recommend if you're visiting Harlem.
I wanted this to be my favorite place in Harlem. I really did. Today was my second time in Chaiwali. I initially went when they opened, but the service was so poor that I told myself I was not going back. Fast forward six months. This place is beautiful inside so I wanted to show my boyfriend. We weren't greeted at the door, and we had to ask to be seated. No big deal because there was live music and it was a little busy. We're seated upstairs. I ordered a Chai, and my boyfriend gets water. A woman (not our server) accidentally brings two teas, and we tell her that we only ordered one. She offers the second tea for free. For a brief second, I thought the service was better than the last time. No less than a minute later, I see our male server yelling at the woman who brought the teas. I can hear him tell her that we only ordered one tea and that she shouldn't have left the tea for us. He tells her that she should have thrown it away, and he loudly tells her that we've got to pay for the tea. I then see him add a tea to our bill. There are multiple things wrong with this. 1. The server was incredibly rude to his coworker who was simply attempting to be nice. 2. We didn't ask for the tea so why should we pay for it. 3. Why would anyone behave like that in front of customers?After I saw him add the tea to our bill, I politely informed him that we never asked for the tea. He took the charge off and took the tea along with him. 10 minutes later, he brought back the cold tea as if he was doing us a favor. My boyfriend didn't touch it. The server's attitude ruined my experience, and I can't understand why the owner doesn't read these yelp reviews. It's pretty clear that the service in this place needs a major adjustment. I won't be back.
Pros: A beautiful space (one of the best in Harlem in my opinion). The food is fresh, delicious and very reasonably priced. The location is also ideal. Cons: The service needs A LOT of work. I have no idea whats's going on in the kitchen, but the food takes too long to reach your table. And the lack of a good service process at the coffee bar makes what should be efficient ordering, long and sometimes frustrating. 5 stars if they get the time and service issues together. Won't be able to make this a regular spot until then.
A restaurant can have splendid, fresh food, but it can fail when that food doesn't actually come to your table.I just had my second visit there and I did enjoy the food the first time. I thought I could enjoy a pleasant weekend lunch there. We were seated quickly. However, our waiter seemed to have some difficulty bringing us WATER, despite two requests of something that should not need to be requested. After we put our order in for food, we waited. And waited. And waited. There were a lot of people running around but the kitchen apparently had one cook or was otherwise extremely slow. It ends up being an HOUR and our food still hasn't arrived, with no check-in from our waiter. I flagged another waiter who was truly apologetic, then our waiter gave us a dry, objective assessment. We left without eating, hungry and very upset. All we had was chai tea and not even a simple appetizer was offered while we waited.We ordered such complicated foods such as "flatbread" and "wraps" so I guess I can understand the wait?I'm not sure I can return to this restaurant.
My recent visit to Chiwali was an utter delight. The Indian fusion farm to table cuisine was unlike anything I've experienced; the fish, okra fries, and lamb were my favorites. Anita the owner was incredibly hospitable and very creative with both the food and decor.
Delicious lunch during a visit to The Studio Museum. Tandoori Chicken Naanwich and Kale Burger are amazing.
Beautifully done place - it's almost magical with mirrors, paintings and the loveliest of seats. Go even if you are not hungry and take in the ambiance with a glass of wine. The menu is small - my kale burger was excellent but the dressing on the salad a tad too sour. My husband's fish crusted with rice. a common coating in our state of Goa was very bland which is why I give only 3 stars - if you make a Konkan fish then it needs the Konkan spices. I might taste the vindalho (vindaloo) some day just to check that the good folks at chaiwali are keeping it real
So darling. Just so, so darling. In fact, so cute that I'm going to have to sneak in here with a stealth camera situation and take snaps to post on my pinterest so that when I finally buy an apartment, I'll remember exactly how I want it to look.  Okay, maybe I won't paint a tiger on the wall or have a full-sized peacock perched on my sofa, but aside from that . . .I had the avocado toast with an over-medium egg and the steeped chai (two cups, in fact). And also the tea biscuits (including one to take home). Everything was absolutely delicious. And the green chutney that comes with the entrees is absolutely amazing. Like, if they bottled it, I would buy so much of it. And I would pour it on everything that I ever eat from here on out.Notably, the service was wonderful. Our server was friendly and attentive, as was the food runner (who was also funny and cute -- a definite bonus). And the owner/manager[?] stopped by our table to chat and was funny and engaging. This place is definitely on the destination list.
Beautiful restaurant, staff was very attentive, and food was delicious. I had the Bloody Mary, which was near perfect--thick and spicy, and no ice, which I liked so it wouldn't be watered down, and a spicy herbed salt coating the rim. The tea biscuits were out of this world. We tried these bc there were no samosas today, but these will satisfy that craving; they were like a samosa packed into a tiny little cookie form. They're made with samosa spices, so they were spicy but still buttery and delectable. Also shared the kale burger and the tandoori chicken sandwich, both of which were amazing. I get nervous about chicken dishes like that sometimes because I'm super anal about fatty meat; no need to worry here. It was like a shredded tandoori chicken, with really wonderful spicy flavor and just enough moisture but somehow still wasn't drippy or messy. Kale burger was delicious and crispy, and topped with avocado.Olive oil cake was not your typical cake texture--it was grainy with little bits of nut and citrus, and I wouldn't have changed a thing. Can't wait to come back for dinner!!!
After reading the reviews -- I was quite nervous about the service. However, the service was great and so was the food.  It appeared as if the owner was in and giving orders to the staff. We were very presently surprised! Maybe they read the reviews and adjusted their service tactics!Overall the food was delicious, however it's a tad overpriced in my eyes -- especially for the neighborhood. It's basically the same price as Tamarind in Tribeca.  We will be returning but may only order appetizers and share entrees.
Unbelievable food, what a creation,.  Great ambiance and fantastic food, from the okra fries to the olive cake. Amazing flavors. Be back when any opportunity comes by. Service was excellent too.
Interesting Indian "fusion".  The first time I went, I was excited.  Kale salad was actually interesting; shrimp very good.  Second time less interesting--egg plant starter is subtle and good and lamb chops are well seasoned.  Compliments to the Lamb Vindaloo which is not your usual Vindaloo and without sauce.  But, the menu is small.  Owner and staff are friendly.  Worth cultivating, but I wish there were a bit more "heat" and variety.
The food is nearly as good as the atmosphere. Excellent live music for Sunday brunch. Outdoor seating in the front and back (the back is completely charming). Cute date spot - ask to sit upstairs.
Wow i wanted to like you guys!! I wanted you to be my favorite new local spot. Came in, was seated promptly, decor looks wonderful...waited 25 min for server to come and take my order and nothing, no show, nada. Walked out and went to Harlem Shake across the street. It doesnt matter how good your food or decor may be if the service is lacking when you have 5 tables filled. Not acceptable
Truly beautiful space, so much love in the details here. Kale burger is my absolute fave veggie burger ever. House chai is comforting and delicious. Great place for dinner or afternoon tea and conversation. I love to meet girlfriends here.
Incredible ambiance.  Creative cool.  Heart-stopping music (both live reggae and the tunes pumped through the speakers).  The food was pretty good, but the service was poor - spilled prosecco that we had to ask to be cleaned up, waiters trying to take away our dessert spoons while we were waiting (25min) for dessert. The eggplant appetizers taste like a Mediterranean tapenade with just a touch of coriander seed.  The samosas were good.  The okra fries crispy and deep fried in fresh oil.  Anita's vegan pie was so-so - a bit light a college town vegetarian casserole gone upscale.  But the rum cream dessert with espresso was out of this world!  The redeeming features of the place - the dessert and that peacock upstairs - definitely distracted me from the bad service.  If the service improves, I would be glad to go back for more.
We enjoyed our last evening in Harlem at Chaiwali. Great food, great service, great drinks. Our only regret is, that we didn't discover this lovely place before. They also make their own chai . We want to try that the next time we're in Harlem.
Outstanding food, cool environment...and, alas, friendly but clueless service. This place would have received 5 stars if they knew how to serve their amazing food. Basics like napkins and silverware, bringing the appetizer before the main course, follow ups after serving the food were all missed. But, the food was good enough to make up for the lacking service. The kale burger was phenomenal and the lamb chops were literally thrilling!
The food is good and interior is pretty, but the service is absent minded at best. They're friendly and apologetic, but there really is no reason to have to ask for water three times. They were also reluctant to break a $20 and took so long to do so that I just ended up leaving and without change. It's a shame because the people are actually nice and I'd like to support a local business, but they didn't give me much reason to return.
The service is woeful. They're very nice but have no idea what they're doing. Twenty minutes just to get water. The food and decor are fine but I will not return unless service improves.
Beautiful ambience but the service is so horrendous that we likely won't return anytime soon. I think the food might be good but it took so long to get our food (soup, a stew and samosas) that it was hard to tell if it was any good because it was completely cold. The servers were just awful and we had to get up to ask for things and check on our food multiple times because they never came to the table. I hope they fix this problem, since there is a lot of potential.
I've been to Chaiwali 4 times over the past few months and have eaten through various meal times (tea time, lunch, brunch, and dinner).  I've gone for friends who wanted to try because it is a cool concept and the restaurant is absolutely decorated beautifully.  However, I cannot go anymore because the service is absolutely frustrating.  Over my last 3 visits, I've had so many problems with the service. I've had chai come out cold, a waiter that literally stopped and left us in the middle of telling us the dessert menu to talk to her colleague, and every time, really long wait times for food.  There is some lapse in the communication between the wait staff and the kitchen and especially the bar (waiting for drinks has been a problem every time).  In terms of food, it is good.  The kale burger is really fantastic.  They used to have a kale salad that was really great but it's no longer available.  Lunch options and snack time can be missed.   The best time to go for the food is dinner by far.  I went with a group and the sample of entrees from lamb to fish were all great.  I've had their various chais and I still recommend the butter chai. However, I just had the house chai and it tasted very diluted.
Dined a week ago yesterday, so the ambiance and especially the backyard and that round table, stole my heart and eyes instantly, I mean if i had two pairs of eyes they would have something to look at for a while.  I recall the bathroom, fun design! Yes when will she talk about the food.. so the menu looked lovely and while I asked the waiter if the chef was Indian (and yes and the owner is also) a lot of the dishes seemed very fusion to me, though they did seem pleasing, however to have a ceviche from cooked shrimp at an indian restaurant is hardly something I expected, needless to say, the dish was good but ceviche as we all know is a row fish or seafood cooked in lime and lemon not in anything else, and so there was one small hiccup.  All the appertizers were great tasting.  The main dish I ordered was supposed to be a stew dish, but my veggies were pretty uncooked and very crunchy for it to be a stew of any kind, so that was slightly disappointing but the salmon and the other veggie dish that we ordered was quite nice.  Overall, the food needs more attention. But i loved the concept and would go back to give it another go.
Amazing location , great service , just right spices ,yummmm tea , fried fish was just right
I found myself here for a late brunch with friends on a cold and rainy afternoon. As you walk in, the brick walls and earth tones make for a very warm and inviting ambiance. We were seated, and I started with the House Chai which was a warm, well spiced, not too sweet treat that I highly recommend. The avocado toast came next. It was very fresh mashed avocado topped with arugula and fresh ground black pepper all on top of whole wheat toast. I accompanied this with the daal which was quite good. My friends had the breakfast roti roll (egg and spinach goodness wrapped in roti with a tomato chutney on the side) and the steel cut oats with rosewater. Everything was very good, and the menu is very creative. I can't wait to come back and try more dishes!
Great laid back spot. Really liked my anda roti, though the roti had somewhat of a pre-made quality to it (couldn't figure out if it was pre-made in their kitchen or simply store bought). The chai was great, but I am totally shocked that they're serving all their beverages (lassi, chai, etc) in disposable bodega cups. Massively environmentally unfriendly and not to mention just ugly. Hopefully they were just short on glasses?Also ordered their "seasonal fruit", which included strawberries, pineapple, and some citrus. Not exactly seasonal to New York, or anywhere else on the East coast, but whatever :) Tip: it says .75 cents, but that's only for one fruit side. It's $2.50 for a small plate (they should edit the menu to reflect this).Excited to try more food at this spot. Really thoughtful interior and fun menu.
I've visited Chaiwali twice, two very different experiences. The 1st visit occurred after my good friend raved about the amazing food, tea, and ambiance. After unsuccessfully trying to visit the prior evening because they were closed for dinner/business meeting, I thought brunch would a nice time and place to conduct business. Terrible idea. The server, although complimentary of my appearance was overwhelmed by the lack of tables (??) and took 30 minutes to return to take our order. By then 2-3 other tables were seated and also overlooked. The server recommended amazing dishes - get the kale burger!! - and continued to check on us as we waited every 30 minutes for each request...silverware...chai butter tea (gross)...lentil soup (bland)...check. My guest and I laughed it off and continued chatting as we enjoyed each other's company. However, while chatting I ear hustled the surrounding tables. One nearby table of two had been sitting 20 minutes without water and wearing full-on attitudes, walked out. Understandable. Another table embarrassingly called the manager/owner over when they got the bill because they "assumed" that the SPECIAL was a discounted item (where they do that at?) and took it out on the overwhelmed server...who I began to feel sorry for. The table spokesperson was dressed in church attire, being both loud and disrespectful so much so two of his four tablemates avoided eye contact and left to wait by the door. The manager humbly acknowledged that the server should have quoted the table price points (meanwhile the server's rolling her eyes) and reversed the charges. Because this cheap a$$ dude was in church clothes fresh off a sermon I stopped by his table on the way out and asked if he'd just left mid-day service like me, he arrogantly said "yes" missing the point...but I digress.My second visit was the exact opposite. Great service. But first let me start by saying that upon arrival I sat my items down and rushed off to the restroom. I was startled though by the "hella" dirty faucet water. Like I let it run for :30 and it never turned clear. This was concerning because again I was coming fresh off of church and had shook numerous hands. And worse, would my food be cooked in this Flint milk-water?When I returned to the table the accommodating and professional server allowed me to taste test the two horrible lasse flavors (one literally smelled like blended sh*t, maybe it was because of the restroom Flint milk-water) which I kindly passed on, but the server had warned me beforehand that the smell was offensive so no surprises or worries there. Thankfully the rest of the meal was uneventful.I'd return only if I called ahead of time to ask if the Flint milk-water had been cleared up.
Very accommodating to our party which included a baby. Food was delicious. Will definitely return!
I have been to Chaiwali numerous times, but I doubt I'll ever go back.  When the restaurant first opened, I liked the food, the chef/owner but I hated the service.  I knew they were experiencing growing pains, so I was patient.  Slowly, I saw improvement in the service, although sketchy.  The food was consistently good, except for a couple of times, so I thought this was going to be my go to place in Harlem.  Nope!  A couple of weeks ago, I took my family from out of state to lunch at Chaiwali around 2 pm.  They were starving after a long flight, so it shouldn't be that hard to satisfy them, right? OMG, could the service be worse?! I was almost embarrassed watching the waitresses chatting each other up, one waiter dancing, and our waitress, who unfortunately was the topic of our conversation way too much, was totally inept.  The service was THE worst I think I've ever experienced and the food wasn't much better.  I asked if the Chef/owner was around and was told she was on vacation.  No wonder!  It took us 2 1/2 hours to get out of there (it's lunch for god sake and there were very few customers) and not one person at our table was impressed with the food.  Everyone felt angry with the service but tried hard not to show it (they are from the south and are too polite). This is NYC.  There are way too many restaurants to choose from to impress your out of town guests.  I'll never be taking anyone here again...and probably not even myself.  :(
What a great addition to my neighborhood. This is a very pretty place, with garden seating in the back. I had a delicious lunch ...a kale burger, and Kale fritters with avocado. Everything was tasty and fresh. They have a lot to chose from. We'll be back!
This place is fantastic! The food is incredible. It's traditional Indian tastes (spices and such) but presented in a modern way (ie. quinoa). This place has incredible food. Had the eggplant lentil appetizer and the kale burger. THIS IS THE BEST PLACE IN HARLEM FOR VEGANS/VEGETARIANS AND ANYONE WHO LOVES INDIAN FOOD!I'll be back. Next time I'm ordering the curry cookies and a mug of chai if they hopefully don;t run out. The restaurant is beautiful! Great place for parties or a cool friday night. Thank you chaiwali! xxx
If you like flavour, exotic spices and taste in your food! This is the place to go! Nestled in the very heart of have harlem i have to say this is one of my favorite places! I downstairs, upstairs, and outside sitting! The food is really good! My personal favorite is the quinoa and lemon chicken! The lamb chops are also incredible! Try their chai tea while you at it!
Nice surprise on a rainy saturday... I entered an empty restaurant to avoid the rain while waiting for my friends, and it turned out into a nice tasty meal... I highly recommend the lamb shops, the chicken naanwich, and the eggplants- delicious! will go back
Food was really good! The portions were small but the flavors were delicious. The space is very cute and well decorated with a nice outdoor patio as well. Service was ok, not so bad as some of the other reviews mention
I like the concept of this restaurant - a little Indian cafe serving tea and snacks. In terms of the decor, it is executed perfectly. The indoors and outdoor seating are lovely, there is enough room to sit without bumping into people, and they have an upstairs that it seems like they only use when it's really busy (which wasn't when I was there). The downside... well, it's the chai itself. It's on the watery side (which is pretty sacrilegious for chai), and the spices aren't quite right. And as some other reviewers have said, the service isn't great. But I'll give it another try for the ambience.
Terrible service. Indifferent waiters. Bitchy attitudes - especially the waitress with the shaved head. Can't comment on food because we were too invisible to be seated or have our orders taken.
Hands down the best indian food I have had in a long time!! Everything from the service, to the interior design, and more importantly the food was fantastic.   I came across the listing for this restaurant on open table.  My dad was in town visiting me for thanksgiving and wanted to take me out to dinner but gave me a tight budget to meet.   Since I'm mainly vegan/gluten free and he eats everything I was trying to find a place we would both enjoy.   We were so pleased with this place.  Not only did they create both vegan/gluten free options but they also had meat on the menu that my dad said was seasoned perfectly.  What I love about their food is its not saturated with oil and liquid like most indian resturants.  Everything is homemade and delicious.   I definitely plan to return back and have a date here at some point.
Ambiance and decor is great. The food is innovative and delicious. This restaurant is on the pricey side but if you are going out for a special occasion it is worth it. I wish they had more options for vegetarians but we had the burger which was really good. I also had the shrimp and chickpeas which was very tasty.
Great decor and great food but terrible service. The waitress couldn't get any of the orders right, food came at different times for different people at the table and we sat for 45 minutes for the check.
Unbelievable find. Beautiful interior design, super peaceful and perfect for a quiet meal with company. Plus, can't understate their strong appreciation for 90s RB. Service was terrific, and the menu was very reasonable (almost all entrees under $10) and all of our dishes were delicious. We'll be going back very soon.
We had a sumptuous dinner at Chaiwali yesterday sitting outside around the beautiful round table, which felt like home. Every dish was subtly nuanced and balanced, so flavorful, Creative and playful, I can't wait to return for more -the shrimp ceviche, crispy kale salad, bhel Puri, Rosemary naan, kale burger, masala fish and okra fries, vindaloo lamb chops, chicken and quinoa Palao, followed by an assortment of desserts. The staff were warm, welcoming and attentive.
I love this addition to the neighborhood. The food is great, the staff is earnest and sincerely helpful and it's a nice setting.I dream of the Halloumi sandwich - it's so tasty. I could eat it every day. But there are so many other things to try.It should be a must try for anyone in the neighborhood and is worth a trip for those outside.
Love this new spot! It's a gorgeous interior that feels a little bit like an escape from the city and the menu is minimal and inventive. The service is warm and hospitable albeit a little inconsistent and slow. They are still new so probably working the kinks out. The menu and food are delicious but it is also a bit inconsistent. Am looking forward to when the are settled into a groove - this place is really nice to have in the neighborhood!
We were excited to try Chaiwali after staying in the same building last year. It did not disappoint. Stopping in for a glass of wine and a snack one afternoon, I had the okra fries with a fresh cilantro chutney. Addictive!   We went again for dinner a few nights later and loved the roasted garlic appetizer, served with an amazing tomato chutney and toasted olive bread. A very generous portion of shrimp ceviche was fresh and delicious. We ordered the lamb chop vindaloo with an unusual and fresh pea mash side dish. Lamb was tender and sweet and the cilantro sauce accompaniment was a great complement to the dish. Toasted coconut and spicy-savory mango ice creams were refreshing and unusual.    This is not a traditional Indian restaurant, but, as they say, inspired by Indian cuisine. The ambience is quiet and elegant, with great attention to detail. Service was warm and friendly. All in all, a great addition to the neighborhood.
First off, we were not happy that the menu changes after 6 to a dinner only menu with only one kind of chai...regardless we ordered the kale avocado salad, fish and chips, side order of okra fries and rum biscuit pudding dessert with house chai's. Salad was bland, no dressing  seemed hastily prepared. Fish was semi-raw, taro fries were soggy  not crisp and side of collards was flavorless. Okra fries were sub-par, especially compared to the delicious crispy okra fries at the Cecil. The dessert was ok but the chai was probably the blandest most unauthentic chai I've ever had. The only saving grace was the service - but in order to stay in business for dinner, the kitchen will need to step it up a notch. They may also consider offering items from the standard menu at dinner time...especially a wider variety of chai.
Very bad service. Just one server running around everywhere. Just five tables filled over a late lunch and four were already eating. Our food still came after 50mins. The food was very good however it couldn't make up for the whole experience.
I was there a few weeks ago just to check it out for had some simple eggs  toast and butter coffee and it was all so delicious the owner was a  nice the gentleman offered me a piece of horned melon and my server champagne, well She was just beyond wonderful such great energy and sweet demeanour explained the whole menu the restaurant tea salons concept in an inviting interesting way, this woman is a gem of an employee one to be very much appreciated!! Iwill be returning ASAP Ive been busy and travelling and just not able to chill and grab a snack in the hood ... But i will be there and often the decor food and service are all great!
This is now my favorite restaurant in Harlem.  The food is flavorful, healthy and interesting.  I've eaten here three times and was pleased each time, so it's safe to say they're consistent.  Friends from other neighborhoods that I've dined here with have also been very impressed too!  The decor is lovely, but I can't wait until the summer to try their outdoor garden.The chai is authentic, warming and spicy and gingery.  The service has gotten better.  The first time I went the service was very slow, but I think it's because it was  a new server or they were still figuring out what works.  Regardless, even with the wait, I cannot deny how pleased I was with the food.  The last two times I went to ChaiWali, the servers were attentive and very helpful.
Walked in to this charming new restaurant today excited to try it. Unfortunately they don't have their act together and TWENTY FIVE minutes after we ordered we had not even received our wine or any of the appetizers.
I went in with about a half hour thinking I would have some chai and pass a bit of time. While the bartender was nice, the chai was horrendous, not spiced well and watery. My date tried the mango lassi which was also watery and also terrible. We asked if this was typical, and the other pitcher of lassi was just as bad. For a place whose name literally translates to chai maker, I had higher hopes. Will never return and don't recommend a visit.
This restaurant is pointless. I wish I could say that the food here is amazing, but we never got our food after 1h 45min of waiting and we went around the corner to Red Rooster. Appetizers never showed up, and after two drinks we left. Obviously, we will never go back. The service was terribly nonexistent. Their kitchen (and bar) cannot handle the second floor. There are so many restaurants in this city; do yourself a favor and make a different choice. When we passed Chaiwali on our way home, the same people were still sitting in the same spot, waiting.
Beautiful space and design. I especially loved the patio, but once we got there and sat down, my fiance and I felt somewhat awkward because everyone we were sharing the patio with were so quiet--I mean, silent. It felt like we couldn't talk because some were working on their laptops. We could kind of hear the music from inside, but it might be helpful to have speakers outside as well.The service was friendly, although we were given the wrong order at first. I think the biggest disappointment was that the iced chai was served in plastic to-go cups, even though we were staying. I noticed even customers at the bar had to-go cups. I think the experience and flavors could certainly be enhanced if plastic and cardboard cups weren't used for dine-in customers. Excited to revisit this space. Overall tasty chai and good vibes.
A disaster! This place claims to excuse away its lack of service and inability to get food to the table on a recent New York Times review that brought a surge in business. In reality, the earlier reviews on this page reflect the same issues even before the publicity brought in new customers. On a recent Saturday night, practically all the patrons in the restaurant were up in arms and complaining about their experience.  Appetizers were lackluster, stingy in portions and arrived cold after an hour and half of waiting. The baked head of garlic came with only two small wedges of bread; the samosas were totally dried out and lacking in flavor. The drinks took about 45 minutes to get to the table and the bartender did not provide the proper adornments. The main courses never appeared after a 2.5 hour wait.  The waiter told us that he did not know what was going on, then completely disappeared from the scene.This place taught us a lesson. Instead of seeking out this moment's newest and the trendiest which seeks to exploit and rip off, it is best to stick with the less fashionable for value and integrity... and good food.
Went here on a Friday evening for a small birthday dinner and while the ambiance and live music were enjoyable, the service was extremely disappointing. The food looked good and I was impressed with the vegan options on the menu.  This isn't traditional Indian but is certainly Indian inspired.  I wasn't too hungry so I decided to try the veggie samosas.  Upon receiving my food, I asked the server if they had tamarind sauce, he said yes, so I asked if he would bring me some.  5 min go by.  Then 10min. He comes back to leave a drink for a person at my table but has no tamarind sauce.  I remind him and he disappears yet again.  At this point I'm getting beyond annoyed and my samosas are now cold.  I ask this woman who appears to be some sort of management, I tell her I've been waiting over 15min for tamarind sauce and then she disappears and doesn't come back!Finally the waiter emerges, still without tamarind sauce!  He also doesn't mention it. I call him over and say hey I requested tamarind sauce 20min ago and have yet to receive it.  In a very matter of fact tone he says oh we ran out they're making it fresh. He looked at me like I was stupid.  When you work in service communication is key and I would have been a return patron to this place had he simply  (15min prior) told me the issue and not had me waiting while my food got cold.  On top of that, he didn't apologize until we had paid and were walking out.  And of course-gratuity was included.  So he received a nice tip for shitty, nonexistent service.  I won't return here.  After a whopping 25min, after everyone else in the party had eaten, I finally received tamarind sauce and 2 fresh samosas.  Damage had been done at this point.  Do yourself a favor and check out the places on Frederick Douglas that offer both fine food and much better service and attention. For good Indian you are better off going to places downtown.
Delicious food. Nice atmosphere. Bad service. Couldn't even get the service basics right.  Brought out my main dish and then kept us waiting 10 minutes for my wife's main dish.  Very infrequent water refills.  It wasn't even a particularly busy evening. There are too many other good Indian places where you will get good service to go with good food.
Healthy  very nice food with reasonable price. I recently moved to NY and this place is one of the best.
Pros: Chai Wali's food is delicious, inventive, and reasonably priced. The decor is gorgeous. The staff is nice. Cons: They're still figuring out what kind of restaurant they are, and it's frankly taking too long. I assume this is a function of ownership. First they were going to be a breakfast/brunch spot, which was fantastic. You could get a cup of delicious chai in the morning before work, or if you had time sit and eat a roti roll. But they moved their opening hours to 11AM on weekdays, so that's not an option anymore. The restaurant is now a lot less useful.They have A LOT of private parties in the late afternoon and evening, and they kick out the customers who are already there. This is not a good move if you're trying to make your place community-friendly.The staff, as I said, are nice, but the whole operation can feel a little amateur hour, with food taking too long to come out and the servers not doing what one expects them to do at a restaurant (refill water often but not too often, check on you, bring stuff when you ask, etc).They seem to be straddling the line between being a friendly, community-oriented place where one could bring children, do work, have casual meetings with friends, have a quick breakfast, etc., and being an upscale place more oriented toward evening (aka alcohol) time and fast turnover. The fact that they haven't decided is frustrating, and makes it difficult to enjoy the experience of eating their delicious food.
Loved this place. Innovative Indian inspired food along with some classics like Idli. Enchanting ambiance.  Fantastic jazz at brunch.
Food ranged from very nice to okay. The samosas and bhel were okay. Raita was great. Kale salad needed seasoning. The service was.... So.... Rushed. We had to request that we first be allowed to order drinks and food later. They nearly grabbed plates WITH food on it. Ugh
I like this place but the service is terrible. Adorable woman behind the bar, this does NOT apply to your kind and warm personality. Food is great if you ever get it. Don't expect to be checked up on or asked 30 minutes after you've finished your chai if you'd like another. Be prepared to wait on yourself, but if you've got the time, it's a nice spot.
The worst service ever! It took more than hour to get the food on the table. When I asked what happens, the waiter told me that they have a big party running downstairs...excuses after excuses...I will never come back and I not recommend to go there to no one...is not worth it at all!
Especially loved the ceviche and the okra fries.  Friendly place.  Great atmosphere.
Really wonderful place! We went for brunch, not knowing that it has only been open for a week. They obviously have a few kinks to work out - the service was a little disorganized (I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could), but the food was spectacular and inexpensive and I think once they figure everything out it'll be a really solid place. Despite the relatively small portions (not small for the price, though), the food was surprisingly filling. I had the chicken salad sandwich which was perfect. Chai tea was lovely. The brunch menu is not available yet, but I will definitely be back to try it. I'd recommend it to anyone in the area.
This place is amazing, came in on a whim, looking for a perfect meal to soothe a cold! I hit the jackpot as I started with the chicken chile lime soup... And the Kashmiri Kahwa tea is perfect for the changing weather. Warm and fragrant. The Homemade Indian Tea Biscuits as a desert is also an hit!!!, with a hint of spice compliments any tea on the menu! I will be returning as the weather gets cold for a warmth place to unwind and mellow with comfort food.
Great addition to the neighborhood! Wonderful spot with great coffee, tea and nibbles. Attention to detail on everything including decor and SERVICE, a rare but hopefully growing trend. Highly recommended.
I was excited when this place opened and hoped it would become one of our go to spots in the neighborhood. Unfortunately, the cute decor and interesting menu cannot make up for the atrocious service. My BF and I went there yesterday for lunch, sat down, placed our orders and then nearly half an hour passed of nothing. As we watched other customers around us returning incorrect orders, sitting at dirty tables that had not been cleared we begun to get concerned. After inquiring about the whereabouts of our drink order multiple times we eventually walked out. Went down the street to Babbalucci and had a lovely lunch. Sorry Chaiwali, not worth the wasted time, go somewhere else in the neighborhood.
Reasonably good Indian food, terrible service. And we were seated without being warned that a comically bad spoken word performance would be taking place near our table. We asked if it would be ending soon so we could enjoy our meal in peace and the waiter replied "unfortunately, no". We could barely carry on a conversation a result of these "artists" yammering on behind us. We may try it again but if we encounter the same level of service/ noise, we will not make a third visit.
The best of Indian casual - not your typical Indian but inspired by the varied spices of India. Try the egg Roti for breakfast and the eggplant salad for lunch. The chai is like no other in New York.
Went to have valentines dinner here over the weekend and I must say, we both enjoyed our dishes. We had the okra fries, kale salad, and samosa for appetizers. They were all really good. Kind of wished the kale salad was a bigger position since my date and I shared. Then j had the lamb which were to die for! Cooked perfectly. It was on some green sauce, not sure what that was it tasted good with the lamb. He had the chicken dish with quinoa. And the dishes were all gluten free so we didn't feel so sluggish after eating everything. Also had a bottle of champagne with the dessert option for the night. It came out with ice cream and some chocolate nutty stuff, pears, something salty(it was cheese and something), a sleep tea(it didn't taste good to us), chocolate layered cake. I would totally go back for more!  And the atmosphere and music was great. Really intimate and low key. Perfect for a romantical date.
I might as well as gone into the kitchen and cooked my food too. service was beyond terrible. the place was packed. they were grossly understaffed. 2 women were walking around with dazed smiles on their faces (1 had to be the owner) as if thinking "wow its so great that we are so busy". well not for long with service like that. maybe you should pick up a tray. won't be back. took 20minutes to get drinks after leaving the table to go up to the bar to get them ourselves. also took 30minutes to get the check. apparently our server was out front smoking and on break cause "he hadn't had one all day". yes dinner service is the best time for that. should have walked out. don't bother
We ordered takeout for dinner tonight. Oye vey. Everything, EVERYTHING, was seriously oversalted. I am no stranger to NYC restaurant food, but I could not eat it. I expect to be up to drink water in the middle of the night. I am seriously confused about their choice of chef.
Amazing...great, unpretentious service.  Nice upper area for events and yummy food.  Try the avocado toast, kale burger with okra fries and of course the Chai or Butter Coffee
If I could give this zero stars, I would. Apart from the decor this place has nothing going for it. The food is awful (how can you serve undercooked tilapia? That takes talent), the service incredibly slow and forgetful (do you need to be a friend if the owner to get service?) And seriously, calling this place "chaiwali" is a disservice to the lowliest tea vendor in India whose tea, though sugary and milky, is the vendor's pride and the consumer's delight. This place will probably survive as a place for socialites to go to but certainly not fit anyone who thinks they are going there for tea or for anything close to Indian, fusion or otherwise... Sad, as we had waited with anticipation for this.
Service is horrendous but food is fabulous.  Maybe takeout is the best of both worlds?
Great restaurant!! I really love the food here! Although I read a lot of negative comments on the service, I got really good service during brunch time. The ceviche is a to die for!!
I had an unfortunate experience at the new restaurant today.  I live and work in central Harlem, my office is a block away.  I have been anticipating this opening for quite some time now as I am a lover of chai tea, especially if it is made from scratch.  I stopped by to get lunch to go and asked the young lady at the bar for a chai latte.  She proceeded to tell me the restaurant does not make lattes so I asked what they have.  She said they have a "house chai" where they basically just putt everything in.  I said I would have that as it seemed it was the only chai option even though I would have liked soy milk in mine and I did not see options on the lunch menu.  She made my drink and I waited for my food.  As I waited, a man comes to the counter and asks for chai tea and the waitress goes into a nice explanation of the milk options, if he wanted it hot or cold, and if he wanted the milk on the side.  I was suprised to hear this and that there are options for almond and soy.  Then, another man asked for a chai drink too and was also given options.  At that point I spoke up and said I did not know all of these options when I ordered and the waitress showed disinterest and could not recall whether she put milk in my drink or not.  I let it go and said "maybe I was misunderstood" and the waitress proceeds to say after a pause "Nina Simone was misunderstood too so you shouldn't feel alone".   She said this loudly.  I just smiled and thanked the young man who brought out my food and left.  My coworkers were excited to hear my review and were appalled by the behavior of this young lady.  I would have liked  to go back as I enjoyed the food but I will will stick to Broadway for now.
Not traditional Indian food. Most of the dishes I ordered had a twist. Example the raita was not a spiced tangy yogurt, but a mildly flavored yogurt base, made even more mild with chunks of avocado, which made for a thick, gooey texture, rather then the usual creamy one. If your looking for a little something different, this place could be great. If not, I advise looking into other options.
Terrible service. Lackluster, unfriendly interactions with the waiter. We waited and waited and waited for a drink. Finally after sitting for 20 minutes I asked for my drink and had to wait 10 more minute before it came??? 10 minutes after that I literally begged for my bread appetizer. And, no the place wasn't crowded, just my party and two other tables and no one at the bar. Drink was overpriced and bland. Food was good but certainly not worth the wait. White waiter, black busboys, new Harlem. Owner stopped by table just before we left. He seemed very unconcerned about the amount of time it took to serve us. I won't be back.
I really wanted to love this place, the decor is beautiful, the food is great but their service is just terrible. We had waited for at least an hour, and still our food did not come through. Mind you we had asked twice for water after being seated for at least 20 minutes before we received them. While we were waiting, our waiter didn't check in at all.
This is my second time here within a span of a week, so I obviously liked it! The kale burger was so delicious as well as the tandoori chicken wrap. The chai was to die for and the service was attentive and sincere. I got the chance to dine on the lower level right next to the backgarden at a cozy table for 2, and also upstairs where the decor takes you far away to India. It is a lovely new restaurant that will not disappoint. Enjoy it!
I love this place! We keep coming back week after week. The decor is absolutely stunning, the food is delicious and the service is lovely. I can't stop admiring how beautiful that place is!
The food is always good but the wait staff is continuously slow and forgetful. On several occasions I had to re-ask for things to be brought to the table. Today, half of the food we ordered wasn't available and we were told significantly after ordering. Waitstaff seem generally confused and even bringing main dishes not meant for our table as we are finishing dessert. I was hoping the waitstaff issue was growing pains after opening but it continues.
Food was excellent, servers were friendly, price point is great, and interior is very cool. Definitely coming back.
This place is super cute and has a lot of promise.  I stopped in here when they first opened and had the butter chai, along with the tandoori chicken salad.  The service was very friendly and they apologized for the wait time, as they had just opened.  The Tandoori chicken salad was flavorful and tasty.  My only disappointment was the chai itself.  My parents are from India and I am used to a traditional India tea which is rich and deeply flavorful.  I found the tea to be a bit bland and watery.  My only suggestion would be to add some oomph to the chai -- maybe more spices and a rich, whole milk (I had asked for regular milk, but it didn't taste like whole milk).  But over all this place is super cute with a lovely menu and friendly, warm service.
What a great experience eating at Chaiwali. From the interesting decor to the interesting menu I felt like I was in a different city. The ceviche with a kick of spice was fantastic. The roasted garlic spread like butter on the flat bread. The chai was so soothing especially now as the days are getting colder. The chai must be accompanied with the Indian tea biscuits. I can't wait to go back and try the Kale Burger so I can give Chaiwali 5 stars.
