What a pleasant experience I just had with a friend. We came in 15m before they closed the kitchen and they gratuitous tended to us. The food is divine! I had the chefs special which is eggplant with coconut and peanut sauce. Definitely going back!
The food is passable. There are plenty of opportunities for Indian on the Upper West Side. Alachi Masala is nothing to write home about. What *is* troubling is that, having ordered delivery with them via one of the popular apps, they have started to send promotional texts to my personal cell phone, unsolicited. This is an inexcusable violation of their customers' private information. I'm filing a complaint with the delivery service as Alachi Masala has violated their terms of service and will be ordering my mediocre, overly-Americanized Indian food from somewhere else from now on. Whatever you do, don't give them your phone number.
The food is bland, nearly tasteless, across the board.  If you're a fan of Indian food, this will look like Indian food, but it surely won't taste or smell like Indian food.  I once had Indian food in a backward inbred hick town called Van Horne, Texas.  That was the worst Indian food I ever had.  This is the second worst.  Lucky for Alachi Masala, they're not a *close* second worst... but still second worst.Delivery is sloppy.  No utensils and no napkins, what cheapskates!  It's not like their food is cheap.  The delivery guy shows up with a credit card receipt, but no pen.  Come on, guys!  Snap out of whatever coma you're in!And while you're at it, please make better food.Appetizers=========Papadum: C-Our papdum was burnt.  I didn't even have to taste it.  It LOOKED burnt.  And then when I ate it... *munch* *munch* ...  yup... totally burnt.  How could they give us obviously burnt papdum?Meat Samosa: AThis was actually excellent.  Light flaky crust; might have been homemade.  Meat flavored and spiced well; nice consistency.Vegetable Samosa: BYour standard samosa.  Extremely delicious, but very much like every other samosa (I consider "B" to be average.)Chicken Malai Kabab: CChicken Wing marinated in ginger and garam masalaDo you think I'm STUPID or something?  You really don't think I know a chicken wing when I see it?  This ain't no stinkin' chicken wing... IT'S CUBES OF CHICKEN BREAST!  Puh-leez!   It was juicy but like all the other food, completely and utterly bland.  And it was chicken breast, not chicken wing!Crabs Bombay: DApparently they pureed the crab because I didn't see any crab, and they didn't use enough crab because I couldn't taste any crab either.  My wife says she can detect a veeery small crab aroma, but personally, I didn't.  Too sweet.  And too aromatic given the amount of crab they used.  If I purchase something with "crab" in the name, I want to taste at least a hint of crab.  If they don't want to use more crab then they should cut the aromatic spices to let the crab flavor shine through.Lasuni Shrimp: DYuck!  It tastes like Chinese sweet and sour shrimp.Chicken Specialties================Chicken Korma: CSoft meat, but tasteless.  The sauce texture was more of a gravy, less of a cream sauce.  Wasn't creamy at all.Tandoori Specialties================Chicken Tandoori: B-Slightly dry, slightly tough.  The tandoori flavor is very weak.  The chicken suffers from not being marinated nearly enough, which would've helped with the dryness, the toughness, and the weak flavor.  Still, tasted good and not completely dry, so I give it a B-.  Let's just say it's not the most impressive tandoori chicken I've ever had, by a long shot.Tandoori Fish Tikka: CThe description says "salmon marinated in subtly flavored spices".  Next time please marinate it grossly, not subtly, because I could detect no marinated flavor except for the mustard you put in your marinade.  Yeah, that's right, biatch.  I totally saw right through your mustard.  Next time, turn up your spice dial and turn down your mustard dial on this dish!  The salmon was juicy, which was nice, but it was totally bland, and it had a slightly fishy smell, which salmon should NOT have.Chicken Tikka: C-Some nondescript fish.  Could've been tuna, I suppose.  Can't tell because the cubes were so small.  Other than a slightly fishy aroma, it was nearly flavorless.  It was juicy, so at least it had something going on.Meat Dishes==========Lamb Rogan Josh: A-After all the food disappointments, I was actually pleasantly surprised that the rogan josh was so good.  The lamb was soft and flavorful.  The sauce was aromatic and complimented the lamb quite nicely.  Like Earl Grey, rogan josh is not everyone's cup of tea (har har!) but if you enjoy this flowery aromatic dish, then you'll probably be somewhat impressed by this one.
this place is absolutely amazing!!  I have NO idea why it doesn't have five stars.  the service is excellent.  the food is out of this world.  and it's BYOB!!!  we have been for dinner and the $9.95 lunch special.  equally amazing!!
I would actually give it 3.5 stars. Food was good, service was very good. We started with Bombay bhel poori app that was free from Yelp. It had crispies, tomatoes, onion, etc...good. We split the shalimar chicken which was the best dish...chicken was so tender and the sauce was very tasty! We substituted shrimp for salmon and had shrimp mailbar. It was pretty good. Overall good experience I would return!
Great Indian food. I've gone to the actual restaurant a few times but usually I just order delivery and it always comes quickly and unlike many other nearby Indian restaurants, they actually pay attention to your requested spice level
Flashback to 2013: my boyfriend and I were staying at hotel Newton on the upper west side for vacation. We stumbled upon this place and were so glad we did! Everything from the meal was perfect and at that time I didn't realize it was BYOB, but I absolutely love that!Flash forward to today: my now husband and I are in NYC for the beginning of our honeymoon and this place was all that we thought about before during and after this trip. We were so incredibly excited to go there again after a long 3 year wait. My husband was so excited, in fact, he began eating and did not realize his plate was hanging over the table edge. One moment he's enjoying his tandoori chicken--the next, he's literally wearing it in his lap. My husband was so embarrassed, but the general manager quickly came to our aid, cleaned up while my husband cleaned himself up, and made a terribly embarrassing situation much easier to manage. So to conclude: we gorged on the garlic naan with the chicken tikka masala, rice, and tandoori chicken pieces, while enjoying a full bottle of wine purchased down the street. We hope we can visit again sooner; and thanks again to the restaurant for being so understanding. Cheers,The newlyweds
The food is delicious and affordable. Not the best Indian I've ever had, but a wonderful neighborhood restaurant that I would be happy to dine in again!
DELICIOUS authentic flavors.  I had the Chicken Saagwala and the NAAN (garlic) was out of this world!!! I was upset because I couldnt finish it all. The service was excellent and the food was served in traditional dinner bowls. Flavor, tradition, and good service it couldn't of went any better not to mention I went between lunch and dinner PERFECT!!!!!!. I will definitely eat there on my next visit to NYC.
Great Indian spot on the upper West side. BYOB and they are happy to provide glasses & open your  wine for you. Service was great - even at dinner on Xmas day! Very attentive at refilling water too. Lamb vindaloo was spicy but balanced - being a Brit, I've had some top notch curries in my time so I was happy. Bread basket is a must. Prices were fair. Nice atmosphere - cozy but busy.
I ate at Alachi Masala today for the first time and was sooooo happy that I did. I am a Vegan and many of the dishes on the menu if not vegan could easily be converted. The atmosphere was warm and friendly and the Host treated Me as though I were an Honored Guest.  Each dish was really excellent and prepared with a lot of care. I could feel the love and thoughtfulness that went into making My dishes. Even the condiments that were made in-house were authentically prepared. I recommend Alachi Masala to anyone looking for a restaurant on the upper west side that prepares truly High Quality Authentic Indian Food that is also nurturing; the spices used are well blended and balanced in the dishes contribute to good health.Soooooo...  Enjoy Your visit to Alachi Masala and Enjoy the Great Food!!!
Try the Poona Special Kacchi biriyani. No idea what's the heritage of that dish but it's really good.  The lamb vindaloo is hot but will not make a whole in your stomach. And if you go on site, definitely order the vegetables pakora,  they are delicious but don't travel well for delivery because they lose their crispiness.  Also the place is great because it's BYOB.  So easy to go as a large party. And there are always table available because most of their business is done through delivery.  Service is good.
We ate here this evening and it was excellent. The food was prepared fresh, with high quality ingredients. Everything we ordered was very tasty. We've tried a number of Indian restaurants on the UWS and this is one of the better ones. Our only question - why didn't we try it sooner!
I and my friend went here for dinner earlier tonight.  We ordered the vegetable samosa and the daal papri Chaat. The daal tasted uncooked. It might have merely been soaked and served.  We also ordered the restaurant's speciality chicken dish and the Hyderabadi bhagan.  Both dishes seemed to have the taste and flavors muted by the overwhelming amount of mustard seeds.  The waiter removed or papads  once the entrees arrived in spite our not being done. . He stared he'd replace them and never did.  The entrees were quite inedible. No one came to inquire if the food was good or not.  Upon our making a request to replace the eggplant, the waiter stated he would inquire with the manager and the dish was swapped for an equally disappointing saag paneer.  The meal ended with a gulab jamun that tasted like sugary styrofoam.  The only thing this restaurant has that is positive is that it is BYOB and that it does not charge a corking fee.  The entire meal was a waste of money.  I was embarrassed as an Indian woman to have this represent Indian food. It is not a representation of our cuisine.
I normally don't leave reviews but I had to for this place. Would definitely recommend the Emlyka Murg chicken...and if you're going to do naan get the garlic naan. food is fresh and service feels very familial. :)
One of the best Indian restaurants in midtown. The food was very good. Authentic, spicy (upon request) and the service was excellent.
I've done takeout here before and was pleasantly surprised but dining in today for dinner was anything but. What I ordered:Chicken Tikka Masala: really bland. Tasted like tomato soup. Butter Chicken: they took the Chicken Tikka Masala and melted some butter on top of it. QUITE LITRRALLY. I was beyond furious but did not complain. Garlic Naan: Was pretty good. Mango Lassi: Also decent. Chai: cmon guys, the carts in Jackson Heights make it better. Service: I prefer not being bothered after I get my food, but they didn't even give me a chance to let me express my thoughts on what they did with the Butter Chicken. I'm Pakistani for crying out loud. Who are you trying to fool? However they were very nice and probably would have replaced my food if I did complain. I'm not one to complain after having such a beautiful day. I'll go back, but they better get it right next time.
We've ordered from them a number of times. Food is sometimes very good - sometimes only fair.  Very uneven. Delivery is often very very slow. Waited over 90 minutes. Unacceptable! Desparately seeking another Indian food option in the UWS.
A traditional Indian restaurant with a warm and friendly atmosphere. They have an great dinner special: for $20 you get an appetizer, entree, rice, and a dessert. Large menu and excellent service. My friend and I each got the special and tried each other's dishes. I ordered the meat samosas, chicken tikka masala, and kheer. He had the daal chat, lamb saag, and kheer. The chicken tikka masala was one of the best I've had. Very rich and distinct flavor with a nice thick sauce. The lamb saag was also good. Lamb wasn't too dry like some places and the saag was nice and creamy. Overall an excellent meal and great value. Will definitely come back to try some other things on the menu. Also love that it's BYOB.
Great little Indian restaurant with BYOB policy as a nice bonus. We had the dinner menu for usd 20 and it was very tasty and authentic (been in India for months and eating Indian food for over 20 years so I have a reference base). I don't understand the few negative reviews here but probably/seemingly from people who either don't understand Indian food or forgot to tell the staff to add extra spice, if desired.  I fully recommend this place.
I've only had their lunch special, which at ten bucks is a pretty good deal. You get two types of bread, samosa, most any entree and rice. My samosa was overdone, but everything else was quite tasty and filling.The service was efficient but utterly unfriendly. Not a single staff member said a word to me between taking my order and wishing me goodbye after paying the check. Also, I was the only person in the restaurant at the time, and there was no music in the background, so it was like a funeral parlor in there.
I'm visiting from Miami and I was craving chicken tikka masala, boy I got what I wanted and more. The dinner special has it everything for you to feel more than satisfied. Portions and taste were exceptional. This food was worth every penny. Staff was friendly and always checking if I needed anything else. I'll be returning in my next my trip to NYC for sure!
This place is perfect for what it is -- a BYOB Indian food restaurant on the UWS. I'm glad to have it in the neighborhood.  You're here for the ambiance and price.We came here as a group of 7 on Saturday night (we had a reservation).  The service was great. The waiters were nice and the food came quickly.I also used the Yelp 10% off check-in, which was totally worth it.The food is good, but if you're looking for genuine and differentiated Indian flavors, I wouldn't recommend this place.If you're looking for reasonably priced food and a great place to catch up with friends, make a reservation here and have a great time!
Great food! Very friendly service. There's a prefix menu for $19.99 which includes one app, one entree, one dessert AND ... it's BYOB which is wonderful. Great deal. The lamb vindaloo has a really nice spice to it. Overall, delish!
Ate here for the first time today with friends who live around the corner and come here all of the time.  You can bring in your own alcohol with no charge, amazing. The food is so good, and the restaurant is small and intimate. Would recommend this place to anyone in town or as a destination.
Yum! Very nice and relaxing atmosphere!  Ambiance is perfect! Good food and friendly staff!
DELICIOUS! Awesome food, both eat-in and delivery. Everything we have had here has been exceptional. Not to mention it is BYOB! Prices are very reasonable and the service is spot-on!
This is a quaint mom and pop Indian place - they have amazing service and great food.
Roy's Top 5 Things to Know:1. Food was great actually. Their chicken tikka masala and garlic naan were on point!2. They kept our water refilled which was the highlight of our service. 3. Parking is metered around $3 an hour outside, free on the streets instead of avenues. 4. Another Indian Restaurant with the long narrow layout, not too fancy, casual spot. 5. Waiter checked for his tip right away which I found to be very rude. Also spent a long time with my credit card closing out the bill.
These guys are artists. Make no mistake about it.In my personal classification system, restaurants have three kinds of food artists in the kitchen:1. Those that ensure that there are bold flourishes in the food (in terms of taste and texture)2. Those that play on subtlety, hinting at flavors, notes, and contrasts3. Those that excel in extracting all flavor out of a dish, so that the eater focuses on nutritional content alone - avoiding the debilitating side effects of an addiction to tasteful food.The food artisans at Alachi Masala work diligently and consistently in executing per the third category, though they may occasionally slip up and confound your taste buds with a whiff of what you can get elsewhere.No. No. They haven't given up trying after all these (7+) years, nor are they simply going through the motions. They are executing per a thoughtful strategy of differentiation. Having long marveled their consistency, I could perhaps be excused for trying to see how other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood were faring, and so had not been here in the past 5 years. But, recently my resolve weakened and I thought of giving them another opportunity and ordered delivery. The Chana Bhajee with Poori truly surprised me. Not for the fact that the Poori looked nothing like one, but for the fact that I actually finished the Chana Bhajee!  Amazingly, their consistency had not wavered in the intervening years and neither did my inability to fully appreciate their art. So, I had to deal with generous leftovers remaining from all 5 dishes that I ordered: Chicken Salimar, Chicken Xacuti, Lamb Chili, Gosht Bhuna, and Emlyka Murg. Now, I trust you'll appreciate that I am not getting into the details of the individual dishes because as their intent is to extract all flavor out of a dish - it would be pointless to focus on any flourishes or ingredients.Sadly, one can't award these guys a wooden spoon signifying their relative merit compared to other Indian restaurants in the city, for you do survive their food without bowing your head to the white deity in the bath room. Still, credit must be given where credit is due.
I really like the food here both in person at the restaurant and how quick they turn around the order on seamless.com.  I love the mulligatawny soup, the vegetable samosas, the saag paneer and the lamb vindaloo and rogan josh.  I also love their naan breads.
No offense to white people, but this is where mostly white people get their Indian food. It's bland. My chicken tikka masala tasted like nothing. The homemade iced tea was also pretty pathetic-- just watered down tea. Overpriced Indian food. Better to go to curry hill or Jackson heights.
What a find!!! Everything about Alachi Masala is just what you want in a neighborhood joint! Great food, excellent service, modest prices.....and NO CORKAGE. Let me say that again--you can bring any liquor in you want and there is NO CORKAGE!!! We will return again and again!
Good food. BYOB is awesome. You save a lot this way. Always happy after each meal. Have fun!
BOYB and no corkage fee at this UWS neighborhood Indian restaurant. We always get the $18.95 app and main course deal. I love the chicken chat and the lamb bruna. The waiters are great. They kept filling up my water. I need a lot of water at Indian restaurants. We look forward to returning soon.
Went there for lunch today. I'm an Indian food lover and the Chicken jalfreze was simply extraordinary. What a find!!
Just back from a snowy Sunday dinner here. Overall the food was quite tasty. I had the Kadai Shrimp- the shrimp were big and the sauce that it came in was very nice. I got mine extra spicy so it had a nice kick to it. My husband got a similar style lamb curry which he thought was nice. The only real thing was that we both would have liked more sauce with our dishes to go with the rice. But in general, this has been our favorite Indian on the Upper West Side so far and the fact that it's BYOB is a major major plus. We will definitely try this place again.
I saw on the sign in the window that they had vegan options, so I decided to check it out. I sat down with my boyfriend and we were the only customers. It took a really long time to be acknowledged by the waiter, who was just kind of pacing around. The menu did not clarify what was vegan, so we asked the waiter. His English was not very good and he didn't know what the word "vegan" meant (very bad sign). He brought out some bread and we asked if there were any dairy or eggs in the bread. He said he didn't know and didn't make any attempts to find out. As much as I love diarrhea, I just wasn't really in the mood.
Really good Indian on the Upper West Side. We order from here and eat in.The staff are so nice - even when we bring our kids here. The atmosphere is nice - typical New York City Indian restaurant... small with regional decor. Worlds smallest bathroom.BYOB - which is fine and expected with Indian restaurants.
It has been a long time since I ate Indian food. And since I ate some good Indian food. So I decided to step in while I was on my break. I loved the interior and AC worked well. I ordered Gosht Pasanda, lamb cooked with cream, almonds, and sweet spices Mughlai style. I loved it. The rice was cooked till perfection and lamb was melting in my mouth. For desert I had their special hot Masala tea and Rasmalai. Rasmalai is cottage cheese cooked with cream in sweet almond sause. I have to say its one of the best desserts I ever tried in NYC. It's so soft and has a delicate sweet taste. I could have eaten 5 portions of that. The waitress was sweet. I left happy. Absolutely coming back.
We got takeout from here: chicken tikka masala, chicken mahkani, and naan. The sauces were too sweet and the chicken a little tough, but the order came very quickly and was completely accurate. If you like sweeter sauces, definitely come here.
If i'm being honest, its not fantastic.  And trust me, I wanted it to be as it's the closest indian restaurant (and according to yelp-best rated) to where I work on the UWS. Looks like tacos and sushi will continue to be lunchtime staples.  If you're looking for your typical indian and ok with good to mediocre cuisine at a reasonable price, this is the spot for you.  No flash,bells or whistles. But this is NYC and your bar for all food should be set pretty high.  If you're a foodie and love to explore the exceptional, this isn't the place.What you'll get here: -Decent to Good food with prompt, friendly service with a blase atmosphere to match. -Decent lunch deals at 7.95 for any of their curry dishes What you won't get: -Exceptional indian food that will blow you away or anything that experiments outside the realm of norm.-Good deals.  Though this price is by no means, pricey. It's on par with your typical indian restaurant.  However for the food caliber, you don't feel like you're getting a good deal or value.-Big portions on the lunch menu.  Dude, I'm no Chris Christie but I not a 4 yr old either.  Spare me sum' curry, please kind sir.  -Curry breath.  Non of their sauces are overpowering.  This is could be a good or bad thing.  I'm not necessarily a fan of sauce that is overly potent but some edgy flavor would be nice. Good news: No gum required.  -Booze on the menu: It's BYOB tuesdays (oh, and everyday)--stop by any of the countless wine or liquors stores nearby before you drop-in.  Even if you are working, I won't tell. The best part of my Chicken Curry was by far the chicken itself; very tender, juicy and perfectly cooked.  On the flip side, the curry sauce itself was unimpressive.  Their curry sauce might be the curry equivalent of Ragu.  At least it's not the equivalent of Chef Boyardee.   Chalk it up as a win-lose.  The nan is good, it's nan.  But I have had nan before that blew my lid off and made me quickly empty the basket in bliss.  Nan of that happened here.  (yup, nan pun)
Came with a friend for dinner. Very good service. Chicken tandoori was dry but still tasty. Portions are big, watch out! I was given two legs of chicken! Very beautiful inner ambiance, very typical of Indian restaurants.
Great food, sweet servers. I've had their food 3 times in the last 2 days.  Never tooo crowded, always enough space , byob
Went on a Saturday night. There was a decent crowd, many tables were full, but didn't get full enough that you'd need a reservation. Comfortable environment and the inside is nice for a casual dinner.The food was good, but everything tasted just a bit off, and makes it not particularly worth going back to when there are so many great Indian restaurants around.Chicken Tikka - the menu just says boneless chicken and does not specify whether it is breast meat or not. I asked and he said yes. This dish is really healthy and maybe my favorite dish of the night. The more I ate, the more it grew on me. I asked that it be prepared spicy and they just completely didn't do it. Other than that, it really was pretty good. It is grilled and there is no sauce, just a spice rub on the chicken, so it's a very light and healthy dish. Not oily and no butter. I will say when they bring it out it is sizzling on a skillet and all the smoke will seep into your clothes for sure. I spelled like chicken tikka and Indian food the rest of the night. I recommend this dish, but if you get it spicy, make sure you really really emphasize that.Vegetable Jalfrezi - way too sour. I know this dish is supposed to be sour, but it's like they poured a little extra weird sourness into the sauce. Came with baby corn, broccoli, onions, carrots, peas, and maybe something else. It was not bad, but definitely off.Chicken Tikka Masala - this is normally my favorite dish to order at an Indian restaurant. It's delicious, decadent, and such a classic that it's hard to mess up. This one was not right. It was still good because chicken tikka masala is great, but this was a bad chicken tikka masala. Again, something just off about this!Chicken Morongo - very very sweet. Definitely a mango flavor. I can't really say it was bad because I'm not into sauces that sweet and sugary, but I know others enjoyed this dish.Alachi Masala Chai - Tea with Indian spices, milk, and sugar. Good.Naan - best thing here. Delicious, definitely order it.Decent portions, decent prices.They have both normal basmati rice and brown rice options, although brown rice is an extra dollar. Nice to have the choice. Brown rice is not made with oil or butter.
A super tasty, authentic, delicious, BYOB Indian spot in Upper West Side - score, we're going to come here a lot.  Staff is friendly and will chat it up with you too.  Restaurant is clean, warm and inviting.My favs:Lamb Dhansak - actually SPICY, great kickTandoori Combo - shrimp, chicken, beefAnything Curry - yummyAnything NaanGet the Lamb DHANSAK!
This place is great for your standard Indian fare. Its my favorite in the neighborhood. I have ordered lots of stuff from the menu over the years and its consistently good. Dinner special is a good deal. Love the BYOB when I eat in, but I mostly order delivery.
Amazing food! We ordered the lunch special, which comes with small servings of rice, naan, yogurt sauce, a lentil soup, your entree, curried vegetables, and the vegetable of the day. Our server was very attentive and constantly refilled water. The food was very flavorful, but was not too hot as neither of us requested more spice. Decently priced at just twelve bucks each, this was a great experience!
AN ENTHUSIASTIC 3-STAR REVIEW, if that makes sense...Brought my girlfriend here and we LOVED it: the food was delicious, (try the CHICKEN CHAT appetizer!), the portions were huge, and the atmosphere was fun, if a little too cozy. The BYOB aspect is super cool and fun. Why be stingy with the stars, then? Alachi Masala just feels a bit "off" for me in a few ways: while it's pretty clean, it's not REALLY clean. Smudges on all the drinking glasses, plastic dinner plates, stuff like that. And while the staff are friendly, they were really up and down that evening, which I found odd. Nothing was consistent. So basically, if you're super into cleanliness and having your ass kissed, you probably won't like this place. I'm not, so I'm going back, but these are things that just jumped out at me.
Small restaurant. Nice, but slow service. Food was pretty decent. Split a chick pea appetizer, chicken entree, and regular na'an. All were decent. BYOB which is a nice plus.
Best Indian food in the UWS!My wife and I have been patrons at this restaurant since we moved to the neighborhood. Being connoisseurs of Indian cuisine, and vegans, we are very particular about the food we eat. We enjoy that the restaurant does not cook with ghee and they have plenty of vegan options. We have probably tasted most of the vegan options on the menu and all of it is wonderful! From the fluffy roti, to the scrumptious dipping sauces, all the food has a very strong flavor. And it hasn't been watered down for the American palate. Each dish has unique, bold flavors. In other-words, no two dishes taste alike which is a testament to their quality of ingredients and spices. The hosts are always very welcoming to us and let us in even if it's a half and hour to closing. We enjoy the BYOB since we aren't overcharged for drinks and best of all NO CORKING FEE!This place is our absolute #1 Indian restaurant in the area.
Beautiful people!  Just lovely, each and every person working last night.  They took such care of feeding us with my unusual food allergies and the food was very good!  Having leftovers right now.  Thank you for taking such good care of us!!  Your attention to detail was wonderful.
Amazing dishes!! Will definitely come back soon. We ordered lamb saag, naan, veggie and meat samosa, chicken morongo, and chai tea!!! Yum!
Delicious food and BYOB! Loved it. The butter chicken was my favorite! Definitely going back.
Really, really good food. The staff is friendly, but a little quiet. They're happy to stay out of your way, but sometimes I think they stay a little too out of your way. But other than that, the service is good, prompt, friendly. I've had the lamb, seafood and chicken dishes, all were very, very good. And it's BYOB so you don't spend an arm and a leg for a night out.
Why I love Alachi Masala:1. Delicious and healthily prepared vegetarian and vegan entrees2. A perfectly spiced and not overly-salted lemon pickle (homemade)3. The flexible kitchen staff who can modify dishes to your taste4. The warm, welcoming host/server with the beard and goatee
I have ordered from them 3 times over the last few years... every time hoping they have improved on the taste. Unfortunately, they haven't. You are better off eating vegetarian Indian at Saravana Bhavan (very authentic) or going down to Mughlai or up to Awadh for non vegetarian Indian food.
The food is amazing and full great flavors. The chicken salimar is to die for. Just the right amount of spice. Don't forget to bring drinks. It's BYOB!  The service is excellent too! Please visit this place. You will not regret it!!!!
I really wanted to like Alachi Masala. The reviews here on Yelp seemed so promising, but to be honest, I thought it was overpriced and not that good. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing?We ordered the hyderabadi baigan (baby eggplant in a sesame coconut sauce), chicken saagwala (creamy spinach sauce) some naan and roti. My boyfriend said the naan was "okay." I liked the roti - it was soft and light, delicious with the chicken saagwala. The chicken could have used a lot more flavor; it was pretty bland. The pieces of meat were tender and well-cooked, but I was expecting a lot more oomph from an Indian dish. We had never had the eggplant dish before, and were expecting some great revelation. It was bitter and didn't make me think I'd been missing something this whole time.They offer a 10% discount for dining in when you mention Yelp. I suggest taking the discount because it's otherwise not really worth it. Overall, I would say what we ordered was not so horrible that I couldn't eat the leftovers, but it was bad enough that I'm really not sure I can convince my boyfriend to give this place another shot.
I've given this restaurant a few visits before formulating a concrete opinion. I love Indian cuisine and I find that the quality and flavors at this restaurant are lacking. Ironically, the food does not taste authentic. The spices seem generic and bland and the consistency of the sauces are not typical of their respective dishes. The best way to describe the food is fast food Indian. Not quite terrible but not worth the full price of a dinner on a night or afternoon out. Vindaloo and curry sauces didn't have the flavors associated with those dishes. Simply bland and generic is the best way to describe the experience here on multiple occasions.
Pretty good, especially compared with other Indian restaurants in the area. I suggest the Chicken Tika Masala and the Nan.
AMAZING FLAVORS! NAAN SO FLUFFY AND SMOOSHY!Chick tikka masala was great - lamb dishes are great. I love the Lamb Rojan Josh. My GF literally licked the Spinach Paneer off the plate, it was so good. Thank you Alachi Masala! You are the Upper West Side savior of take out indian food!But DO NOT use the online ordering service. There's been a mistake every time I've used it. Last night, I ordered "pick-up" and was shocked to find a delivery guy at my door.
Solid place for Indian food in the UWS. I've been for lunch and dinner---both have been great! For lunch I picked up some Chicken Tikka Masala and naan, all of which travelled all the way to Sunnyside and made it in perfect conditions! Still as delicious as if I would've had it fresh. For dinner we had the Tikka and the Butter Chicken. All very good. As for the service, I was a bit wary of coming here. Since they didn't have anyone else at the restaurant, I thought they would be hovering over us at every second, but that was not the case. My Indian boyfriend tells me that's how it usually is in India, and I'm happy that's not the case here. Overall, I left very satisfied.
A good, small, quiet, in many ways typical Indian place, and better than a few of the other Indian places I've tried on the UWS.  I came with a group of six for dinner, we ordered two appetizers and six entrees, a naan basket, plus three lassis, and it turned out to be $25 each, not bad at all.  Service was friendly and attentive.The chicken mahkni and chicken vindaloo were especially good.  The lamb bhuna was not quite as good as I've had it at other places, though it was still just fine.  Everything else (daal mahkni, saag panner, aloo gobi) was as good as Indian usually is at typical good Indian places.In summary, if you're craving Indian, this place is not exciting, but hits the spot.
The staff is very nice, the prices and cheap for NYC and the food was really good. It's BYOB, so bring your own bottle if you wish to have a beer or wine. We had cheese naans,  rice, chicken tikka masala and chickpeas in a sauce (I can't remember the name). They have lots of options for vegetarians.
I love the aromatic spices and slow creeping heat used in Indian food. The samosas made me feel like I was eating abroad and the lamb vindaloo was in the top three all time Indian dishes for me!The only place Alachi Masala loses points for me was with their naan. I feel like good naan is essential to a good Indian meal. The naan here is plain and flavorless. Expect good mom and pop service and delicious meals but if you want alcohol, remember to bring your own.
Delicious!  I got take-out, and the vegetable korma was fantastic!  It has golden raisins in it, but not so many that it's overwhelming.  Good texture.  Creamy, rich sauce and just enough rice to mop it all up.My only complaint is the same one I have at all Indian restaurants-- the serving size for an order of naan is really small.I'm excited to try eating in here, too, because it's BYOB.
Food was ok. Service was average, not the friendliest wait staff. Have had much better experiences at other restaurants in the city.
Its a rarity these days you can find a place with original character that is cost effective in NYC and this Indian resto's got it.  The hospitality feels very Mom and Pop.  The decor kitchy Indian.  Best of all, the food is excellent.  Its fun to go out on a date, bring a bottle of wine (as it is BYOB, thereby cost effective), and have a huge meal for less that $30.  I would recommend it, though best for a date with someone you know well, not a first date (as it often is more empty than full which could be awkward for people just meeting.)
I got Alachi Masala delivered last night and was so pleased with my dinner. In my experience Indian food is pretty hit or miss in NYC and this place rocked. I got the "Take Out Special" which includes an appetizer, entree, rice and naan for $18 or so bucks. I went w the veggie samosa and Makhani Chicken (aka Butter Chicken to us Amur-ickans). It was quick and totally delicious. Highly recommended.
Pretty good food but very rude waitress service.  Our waitress "lost" a credit card yet three times lied to us and said, "I gave it to you.  You took it."  Not true. She arrogantly repeated this lie three times and then, under pressure, began to look around and, wow, she found it on the floor near the hostess station where she had dropped it.  When finally, after three lies handing us the card, she didn't even apologize.  This is horrible service with an even worse anti-customer attitude.  Why would anyone bother to pay $$ to be treat like this by an arrogant waitress???  My review is, "Don't bother."
Heck yeah. I had lunch here. They have vegan appetizers and main dishes. Their vegetable samosas were delish and their Saag Aloo (?) - Spinach with onions, tomatoes & potatoes was pretty good.  Honestly, their delivery was fast and good. The restaurant during the week around noon was empty and their service wasn't exactly high quality. Perhaps service would be better at night? Hope so. I enjoyed their food and will be ordering from them again. Thank you for providing quality, non-oily vegan indian food! YUM! :-)
Used to come here every 2 weeks, but the quality went down, and the spice went from mild to unbearable.
Batata bhel poori was not worth the 7 dollars an appetizer. But then again, I should not ordered such a simple dish which was overpriced. I had bhindi masala and paneer makhani as the main dishes. The paneer makhani was above average and the bhindi masala was exceptional
This tiny (1 store width) restaurant does everything right.  Food is carefully cooked and nicely presented.  The service is attentive and pleasant.  The price is pure value.  This is my new Indian cuisine choice on the upper west side.  Only downside (for some)-no booze.  Strictly BYOB.
Alachi has become a very special restaurant for me. The owner is always there and is a very sweet man and that sets the tone for a wonderful experience. The staff is attentive and courteous. The prices are very reasonable (especially when you consider the neighborhood). My new favorite items on the menu include: Saag (with Mushrooms) Baighan Bartha (a kind of Indian Sultan's delight) Iced Chai tea that has personality but is a touch delicate Carrot pudding that was to die for. You can have a delicious, healthy and affordable meal in a nice quiet setting with a very friendly and accommodating. I suggest you give them try.
Worst Indian food I've ever had. The saag paneer was overly creamy, more cream than spinach really, and the paneer was like cubes of rubber. The chicken xacutti was watery and had way too many mustard seeds, absolutely overwhelming any other flavor. The paratha was bland and seemed undercooked somehow. I'll stick to Swagat and Indus Valley from now on, thanks.
Came here randomly after a trip to the AMNH upon a quick iPhone generated Yelp search of nearby vegetarian places to accomodate my vegan sister.The server was very helpful in picking a dish that did not contain eggs or dairy.  I'm not sure if the saag aloo normally contains either one, but she said she would make sure that those were omitted from our order.  The saag aloo was really flavorful with many herbs and spices and the potatoes were thick cut but soft.We also had an order of the vegetable samosas which were fried to a crisp.  Also, the naan was actually one of the best I've tried.  It came piping hot straight from the oven and you could really taste that it had been just fired up.Random but good find on the UWS!
The food was very good, the butter chicken and the Biryani were spot on. The Bhel Puri was great as well.The real plus was some really nice staff who gave us great service. Never did we once have to ask them to refill our glasses with water, it was always done for us. If you are in the neighbourhood, would definitely recommend this place for Indian food.
There was nobody in the restaurant when I went in for dinner a couple days ago.  Decided to give it a try.  It was pretty decent, chicken tikka and butter chicken along with the naan and onion kulcha.  The price was what you would expect for an Indian restaurant in the city.  I would def come back, and was surprised to see it so empty.
Tiny, out of the way place in the UWS.  I went here this past Sunday on a friend's recommendation and was actually a bit nervous due to some not-so-great Yelp reviews.  But my date and I were rather ravenous (he having come back from a bike ride, me having just finished a swim), so we were ready to chow down, negative reviews be darned.The basics:FOOD - Fresh, hot, and rich. We had the Lamb Pasanda, which was marinated lamb cooked in curry, cream, and almonds and the Chicken Shislic (sp? I may have butchered it).  Amazing.  Full-bodied in flavor, with great texture.    We ordered two extra servings of their hot, moist, naan (I could have eaten that naan forever) and cleaned our dishes with the bread.  The sauce was ridiculously delicious.  Rice pudding dessert was only OK, though---it wasn't as thick and the rice wasn't as soft as it should be for pudding.  Kinda watery.  Decent flavor.  Place is BYOB, so be sure to pick something up beforehand.SERVICE - Attentive in the beginning...our water glasses were filled every 5-10 minutes.  By the end of the meal, it had dropped off considerably, which was weird because aside from the two of us, there was only one other occupied table in the place.  We had to wait for about 30 minutes for the check (from asking for it to actually receiving it).  They did give us rice pudding for dessert, but I don't know if that was to make up for the lagging service or if it's standard.ATMOSPHERE - Scattershot and strange, but somehow just cozy enough.  There were garlands decorated with Christmas balls adorning the ceilings (did they forget to take them down?), and the color palate was an odd mix of pinks, peaches, and forest greens.  One can see that they put effort into making the place look nice, but effort doesn't always mean tasteful execution.OVERALL - The entrees were delicious, rich, and bold (and quick to be served), so if you're willing to ignore the weird-ish decor and the spotty service, it'll be just fine.  And your tummy will be happy anyway.
Pleasantly surprised! I've walked by this place 100 times and finally went in yesterday. The food was delicious, and I LOVED that they put Pappadoms on the table to start. The Chicken Tikka was the best I've ever had and the Saag paneer was amazing. Definitely going back and bringing my own bottle of wine since it's BYOB! Yum!
Small neighborhood place with a very accommodating friendly staff and good Indian food. I was in a party of 5 and everyone enjoyed their food very much. My dish was initially too spicy for me and they redid it with less heat immediately, no questions asked. We had a long conversation and were there for several hours and felt completely unrushed. I would definitely return here. We sat next to a woman who spends six months a year in India. She eats there several times a week because it's the only place she has found that rivals the food she eats in India. She said she's even gone to the very expensive places here and that there is no comparison. That really says it all.
The food was very good. I ordered Malai kofta and Crab masala, which was awesome. The staff is also very friendly and I never have to ask for anything. They were bringing everything right on my table. I would recommend others to definitely try out this place.
Alachi Masala has it's upsides: the servings are big, the nan is hot and fluffy, the service is decent, and the curries can be tasty, but at it's core,  the food being served here doesn't hit the mark of satisfaction that you can taste at other Indian restaurants.  It's not complete, well balanced Indian food, and that's what Indians strive to make.  The food is very Americanized- the curries are excessively rich and tomatoey and the entrees just don't have that perfect balance that you can find in other restaurants like Swagat.  Swagat is rated lower than Alachi Masala here on yelp, but Swagat tastes much better in my opinion and factually is just the more authentic choice. They're doing amazing things at Swagat and only generic things at Alachi Masala.   If you go to Alachi Masala, expect very thick, rich, Americanized curries that may taste good upon first try, but you get sick of it and even a little sick to the stomach once you've finished because they go heavy on everything here from spices to liquids.  Even if you try generic Indian dishes you can find at any restaurant like paneer masala, the cheese cubes at Alachi Masala don't taste like much of anything and are oversized chunks covered in creamy sauce whereas the paneer masala in Swagat is carefully balanced in every way to achieve nirvana-like perfection.  The cheese cubes taste better and they don't feel the need to overdress the meal with creamy, thick, sauces to appeal to the American clientele.  I would much rather have the authentic thing. If people knew how often the authentic thing is so much better than the Americanized thing, then they would demand only authentic.  Indians making their true dishes from back home are God sends to people like me who just enjoy eating them and don't need everything to be Americanized to enjoy it.
Ok - Let me start by saying that I used to live in London and Brick Lane was famous for Indian restuarants and I have to say this place I went too last night rocks!! I live on the UWS and whenever I want to have an Indian meal it normally means heading down to (India Row).The main intial reason I went to this place is because my Fiancee and I wanted to share our favourite bottle of Prosecco but fancied Indian and this had the option of BYOB. This place was amazing - the food was by far the best Indian on the UWS - trust me when I say if you are walking on Amsterdam (do yourself a favor) and skip the other inferior Indian Restaurants (i have tried them all) and get to this place. When you take away the price of what you would pay for alcohol (you get to bring as much as you want!!) this place can't be beaten for price or the brilliant food you will be served with.I will be back there soon to try out some of their other dishes. 5 stars just doesn't seem to be enough.I have adjusted this down to a 4 as the last few times I have been there and ordered chicken I find that you very rarely get white meat (only the cheaper dark meat) which puts me off slightly - still very good though!
I got delivery from Alachi Masala the other night, and loved it so much that when I was craving more after depleting my leftovers (2 huge meals out of one - so the pricetag which seemed a bit steep actually makes sense), I ordered again.  Quick delivery and they're on seamless web!Amazing naan and aloo paratha.  Awesomely spicy tikka masala sauce.  I requested it that way, because a meal isn't successful unless it ends with my lips, tongue or esophagus burning.  Ah, masochism...I was so underwhelmed with Earthen Oven, so I am really glad to have this place in my roster and have a delicious Indian standby.  Holler.
Say you are walking up Amsterdam from the 72nd Street or 79th Street Subway stop and you think: "I would really like some wonderful Indian food... where should I go?"The answer is that you should walk north past most of the Indian restaurants and not stop until you get to 83rd Street and see Alachi Masala. Correction.  You SHOULD stop -- into a liquor store to purchase your favorite beer or wine to bring with you.  As if having wonderful Indian fare was not enough reason to go out for a meal at Alachi Masala, they also have a BYOB (bring your own beer -- no corkage fee!) policy which, as another patron I met there said, "makes an elegant meal very affordable".Now onto the food.  The wonderful food...  My fiance and I had dinner at Alachi Masala last night.  He ordered the "Chicken Madras" which is for a person that enjoys heat in his/her Indian food.  Although a bit hot for me, I admired the flavor underneath and it was the perfect balance of taste, spiciness, and "burn factor" for my fiance. I ordered the "Chicken Curry" and was presented with a delicious, robust, and wonderfully spiced dish.  The sauce was so wonderful that both my fiance and I kept scooping out the last of it (long after the chicken was finished) eating it with the remaining rice and naan.  Speaking of the naan... we tried the garlic naan and found it to be one of the best we'd had.The decor was pleasant, the restaurant was clean, the service was friendly & attentive, and the food was so good we talked about it all night.  We will be going there again very soon and hope that you will too.For upper-west-siders (and upper west side visitors) looking for a wonderful Indian meal without the commute down to 6th Street and 2nd Ave, this is the place for you!Yum!!** Update - I have removed one star for a little bit of inconsistency - the last time we ate there, the chicken wasn't as high quality as it was during our previous dining experiences.P.S. They have free delivery for takeout orders as well :)
Alachi Masala is solid favorite.  Excellent food - especially the Samosa Chat & Mali Kofta.  I'm local to the upper west side and am always looking for new indian cuisine (being a vegetarian I always find indian restaurants have extensive veggie options).  Definitely worth trying for the first time - Alachi Masala will not disappoint!
I wanted to enjoy this place, and I did. Unfortunately, not as much as I expected to.First off, I'd like to say that the manager is a really sweet man. He was very helpful and seemed to genuinely want to make our meal pleasant, which it was. I picked Alachi Masala because it is more affordable than most other Indian places on the west side and the food reviews were quite good.One likely reason for the relative cheapness of this place is the setting: the restaurant is squished between two other stores and is very cramped. The décor is cheap. But that's fine, as long as they wow me with the food, which they did not.The vegetable samosa my friend and I shared as an appetizer was quite good, but I was impressed with neither my chicken tikka nor my friend's chicken vindaloo. The naan was quite good--crisp, with a little butter or ghee, I'm not sure. On our way out, we also were brought some complementary rice pudding, which was a very kind gesture.The chicken tikka came out sizzling, which was quite appetizing. Unfortunately, the chicken came out quite dry, though both my entrée and my friend's were more than large enough, and so of good value.In the end, though, I've had better Indian. The people at Alachi Masala are generous, kind people, but unfortunately the food didn't make up for the crummy décor.They run a good takeout and delivery business through SeamlessWeb, though.
Alachi Masala is a rare star among indian restaurants in the UWS, the service is great, and the food is even better, I personally recommend the vegetable samosas as a starter, and the lamb saag (Lamb in a spinach stew) as a main course, their Aloa Paratha (Bread filed with potato) is very good, but this is place to come with a group, the beauty of this type of cuisine is to share and experience many dishes and flavors. The portions are plentiful good enough to share.
I love this tiny little romantic restaurant, especially because it is BYOB. The waiters are sweet too. I'm always satisfied when I come here. The food isn't mind blowing, but its yummy.
Went out of our way to go here based on great Yelp reviews, but got there a little later than we planned. 10:33 PM on a Saturday. Dude could not see fit to seat us despite his 11pm closing time. He was also pretty rude about things. Bailed and got a great shwarma nearby at Alibaba, with some of the warmest service we've ever encountered.
I love this place. BYOB with no corking fee, and really solid Indian food. I'm a big fan of the chicken curry and the saag. Great service too. Not much else to say about it, but if you're in the area, this is one of the better Indian restaurants.
Very nice food. Huge pieces of tasty Chicken Tikka, succulent Lamb Rogan Josh, and extremely good sweet and sour chicken. Only problem was the garlic naan -- a little too doughy and not garlicky enough. Skip the naan and enjoy the rest..
Every time I've dined at this place, I've been totally satisfied. It's a low-key, unglamorous place but it is a true neighborhood joint. Yet I'm really writing this review based on numerous delivery experiences. They have been top-notch across the board and without a hitch. Steaming, delicious chicken saag always arrives quickly, consistently flavorful. Saffron rice is aromatic and delicious, and the navratan korma is a winner.
Great authentic Indian Food and BYOB.  I would love if they had outdoor seating but I think their street frontage is too small.  My girlfriend and I have been here three times and it's consistantly good!
I went because of all the reviews but found it really bland. Probably won't be back.  I also felt like they were up selling us on appetizers and drinks the whole time.
Definitely above average Indian take-out. ($15ish per dish) Pros: Tandoori chicken was good.  Gave us nice chunteys and plenty of rice.Pro w/ a slight negative: Quail was a little tough to eat, but the tomato-based sauce it was in was delicious.They only gave one naan and 2 pieces of papardum...but I guess the extra carbs arn't nessassary.We will be ordering from them again.
I was incredibly disappointed with Alachi.  I eat Indian food A LOT.  I know most of the places on the Upper West Side.  And when I friend suggested Alachi for a fun dinner(It is BYOB.), I said "sure."  The food was fine --not anything spectacular and ironically less stellar than you can get for $6 on Curry Row in the LSE.  The service was incredibly disappointing.  It was pushy, rude, delayed.  When my two friends asked to share a plate --they were going out again later that night --the server told them that they were too thin and needed to eat more.  Again, food was fine, but not great, and I believe somewhat over-priced for the quality/location.  When the check came, there were $20+ worth of charges for NAN and rice, which we had been told was included in the meal when ordering.  Needless to say, it made a reasonable priced BYOB dinner nearly impossible.  Thus, if you don't have the taste-buds to discern good Indian food, enjoy proliferating stereotypes about the off-putting Indian male, and money is irrelevant, then I say enjoy!  Otherwise, good up or down the block (as there are many Indian restaurants, and pass on this one.
Opened up across the street from where I lived last year, so went in on a whim.  Definitely not the cheapest Indian in the neighborhood, but quality, authentic and flavorful food.  I think it is still BYOB, and the maitre d' was very friendly and knowledgeable.  I also was nitpicky one time and asked for something off the menu --- veggies with tikka masala sauce.  Needless to say,  they happily complied and it was marvelous.  Also, it was peacefully eerily quiet both times that I went - a pleasure.
Ordered for delivery and the food came hot and fresh in less than half an hour (on a sunday night).  The chicken tikka was moist and flavorful with an appetizing red color from the tandoor oven.  The aloo matar gobi was good, but slathered in a very buttery sauce.  No wonder I finished it up.  The lamb vindaloo was tasty with the signature vinegary kick and this place does not hold back on the heat aspect.  At first bite, the heat from the spices overwhelmed the palate.  One and a half stars deduction:The curries had visible pools of butter/fat in them.  I prefer not seeing these greasy globules in my food even if they are there and make the food taste better. But I've had better indian food that isn't so heavy on the ghee.The paratha was also too heavy / dense. Plus is that it is cheaper than other Indian restaurants that deliver on the Upper West Side.  And the meat/veggie quality is on par with the others.
I made the mistake of ordering from their web site. They took over an hour to deliver my food. I'm pretty sure they just forgot about my order, and then when I called to inquire about the hold-up they said 5-10 more minutes. I think they just started making it then, since it took another 30 before the food arrived. Also, a big WARNING: do NOT order online. You have to go through a really annoying signup process, I don't think the order actually reaches the kitchen automatically (see above), and worst of all, the order confirmation email contained all my credit card information in plain text. Quite lame.When the food finally did arrive, everything tasted good. But still, I'd avoid them for delivery.
I absolutely love this restaurant. The staff is extremely nice and when you mention that you have 10% off from yelp they are glad to remove it from your bill.  The food is great as well, haven't had anything that I didn't like.  I have been there a bunch of times and it is always great. We even got free delicious rice pudding when we went a few days ago, yum!
Lunch was delicious. I can't wait to go back with a bottle of wine for dinner. The restaurant was surprisingly empty but the food was very good!  I had the veggie thali and recommend it
i love love alachi masala!!! amazing neighborhood indian spot! in order to avoid writing 12 paragraphs about how awesome this place is, i will summarize:1) byob!2) delish food! not really sure what i order as i let my more expereinced indian food ordering friends to take the helm, but the chana masala is unforgettable, and everything else is so flavorful and perfectly spiced. meats, esp lamb always tender and max tasty!3) friendliest owner and staff! even helped me try to order in bengali (unsuccessful) and they dont rush you at all. perfect for a fun evening catching up with friends4) warm, soft (perfect) naan!5) amazing prices!!6) and order the rice pudding! its awesome!can be fairly empty, please go here so it stays open!!! :)
It would be difficult to find a more pleasant, laid-back meal as the one I enjoyed here recently. But first I need to get this off my chest. New York needs more BYOB places. For a city that really loves its booze, why is it so rare to find a place that will let me pop my own bottles? BLOOMBERG! *shakes fists skyward* As for the matter at hand, this was a very low-key and tasty experience. The waiter was attentive and accommodating, explaining each item thoroughly to both of us. We brought two bottles and he kept one cool in back for us while we drank the first. Even though we are both big fans of Indian, we wanted to try something different from our "usuals" so he made sure we picked something we would really like. And we did! The service was prompt, the prices were proportionate to the quality and amount of food we received, and the location was convenient. The eggplant was perfectly cooked, the saag was well-seasoned, the garlic naan was garlicky. As full as we were, I wish we had ordered more food to try more of their menu. And they encourage customization of their dishes, which is nice to see. If I lived in the area, I would undoubtedly return.
BYOB and great food.  My fiancé is super picky and even he loved this place! Good Value.
Went to Alachi for the first time yesterday. Had a large party and the table was ready when we arrived. Pleasant service, kept our wine chilled for us and each of our dishes was prepared as requested. Perfect sauces and bread. Good prices...we'll be back.
I have to think really hard for anything that went well. They have BYOB and I asked the waitress whether there was a liquor store close by she gave a very vague answer and directed me to a place close by. There was a convenience store a couple of blocks away but all the beer they had was not too cold (no fault of the restaurant). Wanted to substitute an item and offered to pay a higher price but they could not accommodate the request. Extremely slow service. They said 10 minutes but by the time the food came it was over 25 minutes. Even then they brought stuff out piecemeal. The naan was brought almost 5 minutes after the chicken. All this despite the fact that just 1 other table in the restaurant was occupied. (Should have trusted my gut rather than some of the other reviews when I saw the place so empty!) Now let's talk about the food. The chicken tikka masala was sweetish. When I asked why, the response was that you didn't ask for it to be spicy. Really odd coz I was never given any option and it implied that the standard option was for it to be sweet!? The naan was really thick around the edges and undercooked. So ended up leaving half of it. The other stuff like the saag lamb and daal was very average. At the end of the meal they brought out a complimentary rice pudding type dessert. It had an overpowering taste of rose water / flavor - really yucky!! Overall, by far the worst experience I have had at any NYC restaurant. Save yourself and stay away from this place!!
as promised..  just ordered again and same story - the chicken tika masala still has good flavor but was low on chicken..particularly for the price.
I have taken out dinners a number of times and have not been disappointed.  Tasty and juicy Chicken Tandoori, delicious Lamb Gosht Pasanda with a wonderful cream sauce, and of course the puffy Poori bread. One of my favorites for Indian restaurants on the Upper West Side
My friends and I really wanted to like this place, since the hostess and our server were both so friendly.  Unfortunately, the food was just not up to par.  To start, the standard crackers they provided at the table with various sauces were quite stale.  For an appetizer we ordered samosa chaat (which was not on the menu, strangely, but the server was happy to have the kitchen make it) and it was the weirdest chaat ever-no chickpeas! And the samosas were small and lackluster.   For our meal I had chicken tikka, which was as about as plain and flavorless as it could get.   Another friend at our table ordered vegetarian korma, which to our dismay clearly consisted of a frozen bag of mixed vegetables in a passable korma sauce (we could tell because of the vegetable variety and how they were cut!).  The lamb chili was ok, and the best was the chicken saag (though relatively light on the chicken, and the spinach was very finely pureed to a strange consistency).  Despite a pleasant overall experience, the food was just not good and definitely not worth the $14/dish price tag.  Thank goodness it was BYOB!!On a side note, if you want some truly outstanding Indian in the same price range, try Polash in Harlem (near 116 and Lexington).  I consider myself a bit of an Indian aficionado, and it's the best I've had in the city.  Still looking for a good place on UWS though...
Great food...... Great service..... And even better its BYOB. I don't see many restaurants in the upper west side which is BYOB. Great place to hangout with friends/family and the price is pretty reasonable. The staffs try to give us the best experience possible in the restaurant. Highly recommend the place. 5 stars over all.
This is the only BYOB Indian joint I've ever encountered.  As such, it serves as a hangout for boisterous college students who look like they're not old enough to drink.  My chicken curry was spot-on and the garilc naan was yummy.  My Indian friend also enjoyed the food and the service was excellent.  My only complaint is that the restaurant could benefit from some AC- it's quite stuffy.
FAR FAR EXCEEDED EXCEPTIONS!!! I was originally skeptical to bring 5 friends there for a BYOB wine/Indian food fest and all of the dishes were fabulous... the staff was very friendly and the service was overall great! Definitely recommend for a fun, casual, inexpensive dinner in a nice, quiet place with great ambiance!!
i don't ever venture up to the upper west side unless there is a good reason to, but my boyfriend and i decided to be adventurous tonight. since we were craving indian, we checked out another place (tamarind, down couple blocks) before deciding to sit down at this place. the prices were the same, and this place looked nicer inside...not that the interior really mattered at that point - we hadn't eaten all day and our stomachs were literally being eaten away with stomach acid.anyway the food was good - it wasn't like mind blowing, omg thats the best indian i've ever had good, but still pretty good. however, one thing i did notice (even in my ravenous state), the tiki masala was just way too tomatoey tasting. i know it's a tomato base curry, but it just didn't taste like an indian dish to me. just tasted like some random tomato and chicken dish. even my boyfriend, who doesn't know the difference from peanut to almond, noticed. all in all, i really wouldn't have given this place 4 stars if i weren't so hungry. it's more like 3.25-3.5 stars. it's really just a-ok indian food. the service was quick and attentive though. i'm such a sucker for places with good service. oh and i almost forgot, their samosas are unusually big and so, so good.
Great service, amazing food. Love the chilled atmosphere and the curry is great. Highly recommend!
Sometime recently this restaurant removed its carpet. Now it has a hard floor, so it is as noisy as all the other neighborhood restaurants.
So-so food. Horrible service.  Waited forever for a take-out order and they forgot the naan in the order.
This is my first 5 star restaurant review. I am a big fan of BYOB restaurants and this is one of my favorites. The decor is a bit cheesy but I am going for the food and BYOB policy. If you go try the Chicken Morengo (its a nice sweet mango/citrus sauce) very good. Also you must try the Garlic Naan it is the best Naan I have had in the city. All of the other dishes that I have had have been good as well. Take your wine or beer and give this place a try.
In a neighborhood where basically all of the Indian restaurants are horrible... or should I say suck... thankfully we finally have a good one.     Like another reviewer, I've also lived in London and also spend a lot of my formative years on E.6th street.We usually order it, but have also eaten there and the food is very good.  It's the only Indian on the UWS that I've liked in about 10 years.
I don't know if all the other people that reviewed Alachi Masala are that easy to please, or if I am that spoiled. What I DO know, is what a decent Chicken Tikka Masala tastes like. Trust me, I have had many, related to a serious Chicken Tikka Masala addiction. The one I had over here was.... good enough to eat, but that's really just about it. Like somebody else already mentioned: The Masala sauce is way too much in the direction of thickened tomato soup. The servings are not even that big in my opinion. The rice that comes for free on the side is somewhat decent. The naan was definitely tasty. Fresh, nice and fluffy with a hint of butter. Then again: They did charge me $3.25 for it, while I was having a lunch special. Chicken Tikka Masala with rice was $9.25, then with the naan and tax it still came out to be a little over $15,- including tip. For mediocre food, I still think it is relatively expensive then. I might go here again, but I quite likely will try a different Indian restaurant, in the hope that the chef is actually able to create a real, Indian style, chicken tikka Masala. Just to finish things on a nice note: Service is quick. Personnel is friendly. Place looks plain, but clean and neat.
I really wish I had listened to other reviews of this place. We walked in and it was completely empty at 8pm on a Friday night, which is somewhat of a warning sign, but we thought that meant we would get great service. The samosas were really good, as was the naan, but our entrees were not. My saag paneer was very creamy and a strange brown color instead of green, and the cheese cubes were very hard and rubbery. My friend got Chicken masala which was very watery.  The wine glasses (we brought our own bottle, a plus of this place but don't let that convince you to eat here) and the wine glasses were dirty. Our forks were also dirty and had lots of rust spots on them (I saw this complaint in a similar review- they were correct). Service was terrible.The entire dinner took 2 hours, 30 of which were when we were eating our food. There were only three tables by the time we left, yet the servers were constantly in the back of the restaurant where we couldn't see them. We waited 40 minutes for our check. Indian food is my favorite but this was by far the worst I've ever had in any of the four major cities I've lived in. Really disappointing!
Finding good indian food in NYC is fairly easy, finding truly great Indian food combined with great service, rare, but this has thrice been my experience at Alachi Masala. Now if you want fancy, pretty food and chic atmosphere then pay more money and go elsewhere, but really what is the point of eating... bring your taste buds by and only half what you would spend at another place and enjoy a feast for the senses. What they do with eggplant and spinach and lamb is truly incredible!  I encourage you all to go and give alachi masala a shot, be it with a group of friends or a romantic evening you wont break the bank, the authentic flavors will seduce you and the service will not disappoint. Ask lots of questions they love to tell you about what you are eating.
I'm a big fan of Indian food and for me, this is the best place on the Upper West Side.  If you eat in, bring a bottle of wine because it's BYOB.  I've never had a problem with their delivery.I recommend the veggie samosas and the chana masala (the best I've ever had!)  The prices are very reasonable especially compared to what's around and the quality of the dishes.  Two people could easily share an app and one entree.  I even took my parents here when they were in town (Indian food virgins) and even they liked it.  Lastly, the wait staff and very sweet and attentive.  Most times I've dined in they've come by and offered free rice pudding.  That's the one slightly negative thing I'd say: don't order it for dessert.  They use rose water and it's really not very good.  But the food is fantastic, really.
alachi masala is a hidden gem.  We order in once a week and are never disappointed.  Baboo the manager will bend over backwards to make sure your meal is perfect.  The food is so fresh and so different - if you want it spicier, just ask. The fish tikka and chana saag are winners - we do not order from any other indian restaurants on the upper west side.  Lamb chops are to die for -- such a loving, special place that you feel great about giving your money to. Highly recommend it - you won't be sorry.
Quaint place - love that it's byob! service was punctual. liked that you could enjoy your meal without the hustle and bustle of other indian joints downtown.
Love this place.  There are a lot of mediocre Indian restaurants around the city and this is one of the first outside of Curry Hill that I have tried and seriously enjoyed.  We brought friends with us last time and they both had the Chicken Tikka Masala, which they said was delicious.  My husband and I split their Chicken Salimar (chicken cooked with cilantro, green chili and lemon juice) and the Gosht Bhuna (lamb cooked with tomato and onions).  Both were really good.  They also give you free papadum with your meal, which is awesome.  Yum.
I've only ordered delivery, so I cannot rate the ambiance or service, but I totally love this place.  They mark which items on the menu are vegan, which is amazingly helpful.  I love that I don't have to call to ask which dishes have ghee or if some appetizer might have paneer in it.  Their vegan assorted appetizers are AMAZING!  I had to stop myself from eating all of those and not moving on to the main dish the first time I got them.  They're probably awful for you because they're deep-fried, but they're definitely on my list of indulgent items.  I've ordered several of their vegan main dishes and every one has been fresh and tasty.  I think that the depth of flavor and spice could be a bit better and the portions could be larger.  Those are the only things keeping this from getting a 5.   Overall, great Indian that caters to vegan diners.
after reading a couple of reviews and being in the area decided to give it a try. we didn't walk out disappointed , food was very good, fresh and well served. had chicken korma, chicken tikka and srhimp with curry, some naan and raita. it was a lot of food for 2 but we couldn't stop eating it. the place is very small and we felt a bit awkward when going in, but once the food started coming out of the kitchen everything changed. its BYOB and the waiters are very friendly with that some make sure you buy some booze before coming inwill be back
Great Indian food, not too expensive, and BYOB, which is awesome.  I went with my family and we all had a great time.  The wait staff was very attentive.
i just tried this place out for the first time - i got the lunch "take out special" which, though pricey, turned out to be a definitely 2-meals-worth of tasty food. an entire round of fresh soft doughy naan, a nice helping of appetizer, and a full plate-sized portion the entree (along with chutneys, raita, and a big portion of rice). My Channa Chat chickpea appetizer was nice and spicy and very refreshing with the mint in it, and the Tandoori chicken was shockingly tender and accompanied by a few welcome grilled vegetables!  This takeout menu is a welcome addition to the pile for lunch deliveries at work. I will be ordering again.
its ok... nothing special. We left the place smelling like kitchen. Food, nothing special. They dont serve wine.
I love Indian food but I often don't go because of the overwhelming amount of white starch.  I was so excited to find Alachi who had a lot of whole grain choices on their menu...from brown rice to whole wheat roti, it is a really great choice if you want Indian but don't want to totally go off of your diet.  The owner is a wonderful man who is excited by people who are into trying new things.  He loves to make suggestions and always makes sure that you are always going to enjoy your dining experience.  I ordered Iced Tea which was lovely and he personally made a version without caffeine for my friend.  He always asks for your personal flavor palate...do you like spicy?...do you like sweet?  I think you will like a desert...here try this.  He is obviously very proud of his product and it is a pleasure to witness.  This place is also BYOB which is a great bonus.  I can't wait until I go back.
