Ordered the double lamb burger and burger of the month: oxtail burgerPros:- excellent juicy burgers with quality, fresh ingredients - $3 hand cut fries portion is excellent- very friendly staff - dipping condiments for fries- you can customize your burgers and they have several saucesCons:- the burgers are small (about the size of my palm) and you'll have to buy fries separate so I think the prices are a bit steep
Like many others have stated, this is an Indian-Burger fusion fast casual restaurant. Very unique dining cuisine.(+) Burgers are loaded with flavorsGreat selection of appetizers/starters Sauces compliment the food, not overpowers(-)Burger to price ratio is a bit high, but not atypical for a unique experienceSome of the appetizers were too greasy for meDining place is very no frillThis is something you should definitely try once. The cashiers were all super nice and helpful in helping me decide what I wanted to get. Unfortunately the place gets taken down a notch from a really plain and dirty dining section in the back. I felt like I was eating my burger inside a school gym. I got a double burger and as one other reviewer pointed out, that really should be the norm. I can't imagine how small a single patty would be. I got the Lamb Walla burger which is incredibly juicy and flavorful.Never been to a place like this before.
Decided to check out Burger Walla based on a Vogue article shared by Cory Booker. They did not lead us astray.When we walked in, we were greeted and had the menu explained.I ordered the burger with masala sauce. It had a nice char, but also was flavorful and juicy and the sauce added just the right bit of heat.My son ordered the Walla chicken sandwich. It was ground chicken with cilantro and chutney covered in carmelized onions and special Walla sauce (spicy mustard). It was fabulous. Super juicy, flavorful. Not overbearing with the cilantro but well flavored.We also got an order of fries. They're hand cut and were also really good.Best of all, it seemed to be family game night so we got to listen to a dad teach his kid how to pay back loans and insurance after getting married in the game of Life. Super funny!
Fantastic. 1) Walla burgers are some of best burgers I ever had. 2) I like the fact it has some Indian flavors in their burgers, esp the lamb burger. 3) Also, the soda fountain is great. Sugarcane sodas.
Their veggie burger is great, especially with goat cheese added. The cauliflower side is also tasty - I need to go back and get some to go, it would be yummy on some green salad. The staff is very friendly and helpful.
OMG! Just had their food at a catered event!! Yum yum yum! Veggie bites, pita and buffalo chicken dip (a bit too greasy but tasty) walla wings, mixed Italian and Caesar salads, and a fried food item like the size of three wontons with the most delicious ground lamb inside! This is my first time having their food, lucky for me (not my wallet lol) I work right down the street from this location. Looking forward to trying one of their burgers and sharing the total experience with you guys!
Why must these burgers be so addicting!! I came in today during the lunch hour and even at their busiest time all the employees were really friendly. The chicken burger was awesome! I'm tempted to try the shrimp burger as there have been so many rave reviews about it. Their food is so fresh and always made to order, so no worries about that. Don't even let me get started with their amazing fries (and I'm not even a french fry fan)...just do yourselves a favor and grab a burger or something!
This is a decent option if you are like me and want to try new things, but by "try new things" you mean a hamburger and fries. Labeled as an Indian and American burger joint, it fits the criteria well.The beef walla that I had was pretty standard fare. I wouldn't ever crave it. The fries weren't very good, although I may have gotten the end of a batch. You do get a lot, so quantity may overtake quality. My friend had the chicken walla, which got good reviews by him but also fell victim to being relatively uninspiring.So why three stars? Because the staff here rocks. They were friendly, loud and engaging from the moment we walked in the door. They brought our food to our seats, checked in with us during the meal, and thanked us for dining with them.Despite pretty standard fare, the people make it worth a stop every now and then.
Great juicy tasty burgers!!! I had the walla burger and my friend had the walla chicken, fries are $3 and its so much fries that my friend and I only ordered one side.
This is quite possibly the BEST BURGER EXPERIENCE I've ever had. You know when Marshall on How I Met Your Mother describes his perfect burger? This is basically that place. When in doubt, I get a burger when I'm by myself because I know it's going to be good enough. So, I thought I'd give this place a shot. It had good reviews and looked appetizing. I had the double beef burger-no pickles. It was absolutely incredible. The sweet potato tots sounded interesting, so I asked the nice young lady at the counter (everyone there was super genuine and kind) if they were good. She gave an affirming and excitable head nod. I knew they'd be good. I dipped them in a mixture of spicy mayonnaise and spicy ketchup. I'm not a huge fan of tots to begin with, but these were perfect. To drink, they had CREME SODA ON TAP! Don't miss this place. I walked by because I didn't see the sign, so I looked at the address and found it. The burger was a touch greasy, but sometimes it just doesn't matter because it's so delicious. This was one of those times. I'm super cheap and it was a little more than I wanted to spend, but I'm thinking about going back for dinner because it was so good. I'm staying at a hotel nearby and I asked the woman at the front counter if it was good when I left, but she hadn't been there. The second I got back, I walked straight up to her and told her all about it. When something is that good, it's wrong to keep your mouth shut. Anyway, you could go and get any of the items I ordered individually and it would make you happy, but getting it together was superb. I was so full, so I have 2 bites of my burger and 5 tots left. I asked them for a to go bag because I didn't want to miss out on the last few bites. This is going to be the best mid-afternoon snack I've ever had! I'm not sure I'll ever be back to Newark since I live on the other coast, but if I am, it'll be my first stop.
Being a student at one of the universities right around the block, Burger Walla is one of my go-to's for a quick bite to eat! The beef burger is usually my first choice along with a side of fries. The fries were an odd but addictive combination of soggy and crunchy and, with the Walla sauce, packed for an awesome, savory bite!
Overrated and overpriced! For half the price you get better quality and better taste at places like BK and McD. The only saving grace is the patty, which is better than average. Hopefully they will improve on the taste, as otherwise it's definitely going to fall down the pecking order with options available elsewhere.
For now, the stars are based on the Coconut Mango Lassi only. For the price, wish it came in a larger cup.Upon entering the establishment, I was asked if it was my first time here, to which I responded "Yes" and was directed towards the cashier area.I placed my order with the cashier, who seemed pleasant on a Instagram video for this place.  That was the complete opposite today...Guess looks are deceiving."Everyone has bad days and we can't all be our best all the time", was the response I got when asked if the cashier could at least smile.Rethinking my 2nd visit to try the mango tamarin wings...First impressions are lasting!
So when I walked into Burger Walla I was a bit confused on how to order food but the cooks greet you right away when you show your face.  Just walk down to the register so they can take your order whether you are dining in or taking out.  If you decide to dine in, then they will bring the food to you.So I've been there twice and the service is very friendly .  Ask for suggestions, they love that!!Place was clean....not too big.As for the food:Chicken Burger - on a potato bun and the flavors are awesome.  I made no changes to the burger....the caramelized onions along with their sauce was delicious.Shrimp Burger - they make these homemade on Thursdays and Fridays only.  OMG this is a must try.  It's literally a burger size and slapped with their special sauce, tomato, pickle and caramelized onions....yummmmmmmmmmmmmmSweet Potato Fries - Definitely cooked to perfection...ask for NO SALT if you're sensitive to sodium.Their SMOOTHIES are delish.  I always get the Mango Strawberry.Burgers are a bit pricey but so worth it!!  I'm definitely a regular!!
What's a walla, you ask? According to the reliable and trusted Wikipedia your college professors always frowned upon citing, it's "a sound effect imitating the murmur of a crowd in the background," which doesn't really make sense in this context, unless the "sound effect" is me chowing down. According to dictionary.com, it's "a person in charge of, employed at, or concerned with a particular thing." I guess the "particular thing" in this case would be a burger. I definitely owned my burger, and had no concerns with doing so. But I like the Urban Dictionary definition for "walla" the best: "A word used by [dumb] Americans who don't know any foreign languages and barely know their own. The correct word they are looking for is 'voila,' which loosely translates as 'here it is,' 'there you go,' or similar meanings.Are you ready for my review now?Voila ...Lamb burger with goat cheese, tomato, pickle and whatever that delicious walla sauce is. Incredibly tasty. I was okay with the $8 price point despite only getting about 1/4 lb. of meat. If I felt like being particularly fat, I could have doubled up on the patty for an extra $3. I'm also a fan of the potato bun, but let's talk about the hand cut fries ... First of all, the $3 price is insanely reasonable. Second, the fries were cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of salt. Third, I was elated they used rock salt.My co-workers pretty much covered the rest of the menu. One got the shrimp burger, another got the beef burger, another the hot dog, unnecessarily topped with chili of course. Everyone was happy and one of them was nice enough to relinquish a few sweet potato tater tots, which was a first for me, but definitely not my last.I was tempted to get the beef chili, but when the guy behind the counter talked up the protein packed chicken chili, I got all thrown off and thought it was best to play it safe with a burger given the name of the business.The dining area in the back is in desperate need of some decor so as to not have the look and feel of a prison cafeteria, but that's the only knock I have on this place. (As of this review, they've now put art for sale on the walls. Creative way of doing business and now the place has some life.)The service was incredibly friendly and funny, acknowledged it was our first time visiting, gave us a run down of the menu, made suggestions, brought us our food and apologized about the one order that didn't make it to the table at the same time as everyone else's.I'll definitely be back for round 2 in the very near future.
The chicken burger is simply AMAZING!Juicy, flavorful, fresh and will not weigh you down. One of the BEST burgers I've tasted in a really long time.
O don't need to go there and eat (but I will!) Burger Walla é a melhor hamburgueria americana!
OMG! I just had the BEST chicken sandwich EVER! Very tasty and the Walla sauce...Delish! Wings are on point also! Give them a try you won't be disappointed.
I tried this place on my short trip to Newark. I tried parantha with veggie patty (yep! instead of the burger) and samosa. Both were really good. Especially, samosa was the best I have ever eaten in CA (much much better than Rangoli Sweets in Bay Area, CA).The staff here is really warm and welcoming. Keep doing the good job guys!Would definitely come again.
I think I'm a bit of a tougher critic than most, I cook often at home and what is passing for quality food today is kinda laughable. Smother something with BBQ sauce or cheese and people love it I guess.This place is a notch above your average burger joint though. Small, concise menu, where you don't have to ogle over what's the "best" bang for your buck, everything is delicious and it comes down to what you're in the mood for. My favorite aspects...- Hand-cut fries, honestly, potatoes are so cheap, everyone should do this- Great flavor variety with sauces, different cheeses, pickles, and even choice of bread- Flatted, pressed patty on the grill so your burger isn't just a giant meat-bun with no flavor- Great side dishes if you want something a little different from standard fries (Samosa is yum)- Burger of the month is often more exotic flavors and more unique combinations - love cooks that aren't afraid to experiment with flavors, cooking is an art after allMy highest praise...Will be back and will recommend. I hope the team keeps improving the art of burger creation.Consistency. I came here more and more as it a great burger spot, and had an "ok" experience. Fries were a little off and honestly, some of the special burgers can probably be put on the menu as they are better than some of the staples. Sometimes the fries are a bit too salty as well. This is 5 out of 6 times though, so no biggie really, but it has a little bit to improve to make it back up to 5 stars.
Bakwas !!!Heard about great reviews but I was disappointed . Burgers are average tasting. The chilli fries were soggy and meat was not properly cooked or seasoned. Will never go back.
This place is a hidden gem on Halsey. The flavors are amazing,  the meat is good and the add ons make the burgers one of my favorite eats in newark! The lassi here is great. I tried the banana with coconut milk today and it was delicious. Would highly recommend trying that.My standard order is always a chicken burger with sweet potato tots. Never goes wrong!!!
I love this place. Its a creative mash up of indian/middle eastern and american cuisine. The burgers are simply divine and everything is beautifully handcraft to appeal to your taste buds. They have a mixture of burgers that are already put together and the option to build your own. All of their sides are delicious, i have had the sweet potato tots and their house french fries and both were cooked and seasoned perfectly. Their sauces are like crack (spicy mayo, ketchup and mustard) compliment anything you have ordered wonderfully and I have to get them every time i go. I highly recommend the lamb burger with goat cheese, it is fantastic. Also their shakes are mind blowing. I have had the mango coconut lassi and it is creamy, not too sweet and goes perfect with anything you order. They also have boyland raw cane sugars on tap which i love because i do not drink regular soda.The only negative is everything is highly priced, but for the quality of food you are getting its a well made mental note before you go in.Staff is also very friendly.
I'm a newbie to Burger Walla and just beat the lunch rush on a Weds. I wasn't sure on if I'd have lamb or beef but decided on the beef bc it was my first time dining there. Nonetheless, the food was really good. Fresh and filling without being to filling. Everything was prepared quickly and all was hot. Staff was great with the exception of one gentleman who insisted we be charged .50 for an extra blue cheese. I'll be back to try the lamb burger with the regular fries. The tots were good but pretty sweet after having quite a few. Walla sauce was bomb. Overall, I will most definitely be back. Happy to find a good lunch spot near work.
Good burger and chili fries. Friendly staff. Will be back  soon ! Hubby and I order a beef walls burger and a chicken walls burger and chili cheese fries. Everything was on point, will be back soon.
Definite place to check out! The staff is awesome, very friendly and attentive! I had the chicken walla burger and it was sooo good! I will be back to try more from the menu!
What a great addition to Hipster Halsey! Came here for lunch on a weekday and was thoroughly impressed with the eats. I wasn't looking for anything too heavy so I had decided on SHRIMP BURGER and the CAULIFLOWER & CHIC PEA veggie side. With a bottle of water I had spent close to $14, which to me was a notch more than what I had expected to pay, but nonetheless worth it. Everything came out within minutes time. The Shrimp Burger was super tasty! I had ordered it "as is" and thought it was well put together. The Cauliflower and Chic pea side, was amazing! It was light and tasty, and cooked to perfection.My only negative feed back was their lack of desserts. None of the cookies on the menu were available, which was something I was really looking forward to considering how much they were featured on their Instagram feed.I will definitely be back for more cauliflower and burgers!
Meh. I've experienced better is the quintessential description of this place. It would be 3-4 stars if it wasn't overpriced as well. The cheese fries are pretty poor. The burger was pretty nice, but it came out to $10, then $11.34 after tax, and then when I signed it magically became $12.74 despite selecting 'No Tip.' It was counter service anyway. Overall, just going to go to the many other new hip burger spots in Newark.
Ordered the Walla Veggie burger with goat cheese & veggie chili topped cheese fries. The mango lassi with coconut milk was sooooo delicious, a REAL WINNER! The burger was flavorful, but the texture was missing the mark. The fries were delicious as was the veggie chili. The spicy mayo, mustard & ketchup were a yummy alternative to the regular fare. I would eat here again!!
Not worth it. The burgers are mediocre at best. Not coming back mostly because of the extremely rude staff.
Unique spin on traditional burgers...good service...food made fresh to order. A tad pricey but worth the splurge. Chicken burger was juicy , flavorful, and FILLING even with only a single patty. Tater tots side order was generous. Food was served piping hot.
We saw great reviews and went for the first time with high expectations.  Burgers were small and expensive.  You buy drinks and fries separate. The total was $36 for two single burgers with fries and Lassi. Ouch.  I paid less for much better burgers.  Burgers tasted good but fries were limp and lacked taste with tons of salt. Great customer service.  Some motivated groupOf kids running the show. They were polite and considerate.  4 stars for customer service Do not think of it as an Indian take on burgers.  There were no spices.  Indian burgers taste different and way better for lot less.
The menu variety is amazing and the portions are very hefty. From the moment you walk in you are walked through the entire menu.
Drove all they way to Newark to check out this walla burger with lamb it was ok ... The girl who took our order was bossy and was cursing at other staff while she was taking our order and then looking to us for our approval sorry boo I'm not a bully ... The famous sauce was not famous at all just some dolled condiments pricey and boring
I've been here about 4 times now, I enjoy this place and never disappointed with the food. I love the walla dogs, sweet potato tots, samosas, the pound cake is SO GOOD make sure you try this! lol....the walla shrimp and chicken are good. They have fresh hand cut fries. The food takes some time to come out but it's because it's FRESH. The customer service is just okay.
I had a lamb burger that was great. They even had mint leaves in the burger patty that added a great touch. The fries were also really good, as they were boardwalk style!
One of the slowest fast food establishments in the city. Be ready to spend your entire lunch hour just standing around waiting for your burger. When the wait is this long, you'll starve and anything tastes good. Stay away from this wannabe hipster McDonalds.
Such yummy food!  Well spiced food (with lots of vegan options), large portions and lovely staff make this place a winner in my book.I was surprised to see people thought it was expensive.  We spent $20 for 2, and I've definitely gotten smaller portions elsewhere for more.  Given the quality of the food being served and it's deliciousness, it was a bargain in my book! Seating is great, staff is great, food is great.  We loved the cauliflower and chickpeas and the vegan chili and their fries and tots are perfectly hot and crunchy. You can't go wrong!
I've eaten at burger walla a few times but I just found out it's a Black Owned Business so I had to come leave a review about how much I LOVE this place! I haven't gotten anything here that I didn't like. My BF and I are vegetarian and will always cherish places that make delicious veggie burgers! Burger Walla does not disappoint. We also love their cauliflower and chickpea sides and their sweet potato tots. The Walla sauce is RIDICULOUS. I also like that they throw events for the community.
Burger Walls is the best burger in Newark. There are fancier places but Walla does it right. Great food. Fair prices. And the owner is a great guy who looks after his customers. Support this local business!
The boyfriend and I decided to take a chance on a new up and coming restaurant in Newark. Halsey St. is opening some pretty rad restaurants and we're happy to try them all! We came out on Thursday night around 6pm so there was no crowd. The decor was very college oriented. It's located in the heart of downtown Newark where Rutgers & NJIT are so it makes sense. The walls were adorned with student art and the chairs and tables made me think of a college cafeteria. The waitress were great. They asked checked on us multiple times.The hostess was gracious enough the review the menu with us. We ordered a Walla lamb and a veggie patty with French fries and we dined in. I also ordered a mango lassi as a dessert. The veggie burger was great my only gripe is that it fell apart. It was a sloppy eat but I enjoyed it. My boyfriend enjoyed his lamb burger also. The sauces that accompanied the burgers were a great addition. I used spicy mayo which went well with my veggie patty. Then French fries were also cooked well. They were not greasy or over fried. I was disappointed in the Walla hotdog, I think it was the caramelized onions. I will definitely return to try the other menu options. It was great dining experience.
Food was on point so was the smoothie...My issue is the burgers are way too small.  Left me wanting more. Needs better sizing for burgers.
Since yelpers have raved about this burger walla, i thought I'd give it a try. I went with high hopes but wasn't impressed a whole lot. I got the veggie burger and shared a frech fries order with my husband. The fries were soggy and just average. I found the burger to be okay, partly because the patty was salt less. Its good to eat low sodium but hey some salt! Nuh-uhThe patty could have been crispier and more flavorful. I don't know if i should expe it to taste like indian style of veggie burger which it was no way near that. All in all, something different as veggie burger is hard to find!
Let me start by mentioning that they have good burgers and nice selection. A 3.5 Stars.Positives:- Great Chicken and good Lamb burger. Very juicy.- The buns are potato ones so they give nice fluffiness and flavor. I like it.- Lassi is something thats a easy go to drink. Highly recommended in summer.- Sweet potato tots is something from a high end restaurant.- The fusion influence on the burgers. Goat cheese and Indian spices etc.- Staff was great and seating is a good option here Negatives:- Major issue with patty to burger ratio. They have the option for double. but that should be standard. Just to simplify, topping are higher than the actual meat patty.- I do go to nice restaurants but this is expensive considering portion and where it is located.- Lunch Specials. I do see wings special but they need to bring the menu under that so the offices located near by are compelled to make the half mile walk.My perspective:This place was on my radar due to very great reviews. I specially made the mile long walk (one way... twice) to try them out. I can easily get a Mc or Sub or Hero or other to go option for half the price. I love the chicken burger but I am not sure I can foot-in a bill of $15 to $20 (including tips) for lunch.
So I have a Walla Veggie addiction. I just can't say no; it's just too good!Any time I get a chance to stop by Burger Walla, I go and get my fix of one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had. The spices for the patty are so delicious. Combined with all the burger fixings, it's a winner. No contest. Order it with a side of homemade cut fries and Boylans soda, and you're all set. The food is always fresh. Food is made to order and isn't just sitting under a heat lamp. Aside from burgers, they also have other tasty items like chilli, sweet parathas, and sweet potato tots.The place has lots of seating in the back. In the condiment table, there's a selection of spicy mustard, ketchup, and mayo (there's non-specific ketchup, too). There's a TV in the back, too. I've eaten there, as well as ordered to go. You can call in orders for pickup only if you charge payment over the phone, which makes sense. You don't want people to place a phone order, never show up, and let food go to waste. I highly recommend Burger Walla!
Yes! Another burger place in Newark! I came here on a weekday around 11am. I ordered the chicken Walla and boy was it flavorful! Best chicken Pattie I've ever had!! I also got the sweet potato tots and their one of the best I've had. Oh yeah, and the staff is super friendly and helpful. Will def Come back to try other items on the menu.
Crab cake burger is so fresh! It's excellent!
Food was extremely average. Portions are way smaller than i expected and nothing like the photos. meat was bland.. chicken burger was a bit better than the cheeseburger. grocery store bought buns.. other than that the place was cool looking and the shakes were good. i wouldn't go again.
Food: Very goodService: DecentAmbience: GoodI have been here a few times and always enjoy the food. They make unique burgers and they are delicious I highly recommend the beef wala and the lamb wala burgers.Once you walk in the store front it feels like a cool little burger diner that would be a great addition to NYC as well. This really is a great addition to the Newark foodscape. The guys who run this place are Newark resident who have chosen to run a business where they live and I absolutely love that. My only bone with this place is that the service is a hit or miss. They are always polite and kind but it can be slow and often mistake prone and they seem to be out of items too frequently. I am chalking this up to growing pains.Overall a wonderful addition and would give them 3.5 if I could, they are 5 star joint if they become more consistent with their service.I will be back probably this week :)
Fantastic burgers - the veggie was one of the best I've had, very fresh and bursting with flavors. The patty had a distinctive taste, not like the bland frozen ones you get as the veg option in most  burger joints and reminded me of a home made aaloo tikki. I added cheddar for an extra $1 and also got the mango lassi with coconut milk and it was super refreshing.The wait time is slightly longer during lunch (approximately 15-20 minutes). The restaurant also needs to figure out a way to better ventilate their premises during rush hours - it can get too smoky.All in all, a solid lunch option in the neighborhood.
Way to come through Yelp. I found myself in Newark for a conference and had pretty minimal hopes of finding good food. But thank God Burger Walla was just a short drive from the hotel. Lamb burger was as delicious as the raving reviews suggest. And the sweet tater tots were crispy and made hot to order.Came back the next day for the veggie burger and cauliflower which were also yummy and satisfying. I can't imagine that there's a better casual dining option in Newark for a quick bite and the added bonus of good quality ingredients. Owner was friendly and parking was pretty easy on both Fri and Saturday. Great find.
One of my favorite burgers in Newark. Kai and the staff are extremely pleasant and the service is quick and awesome for lunch. The walla burger is a hit along with the sweet potato fries.
This is one of my go to places for lunch,  i always get the beef walla burger and its very juicy and flavorful. The single burger is not enough though, so always go with the double. Minor issue is that the burger bun gets soggy quickly if you dont eat it right away and carefully.  The cheese fries are also amazing, as they let you choose the cheese type, as opposed to the standard lathering of nacho cheese.  They also give you a very large serving of fries, you only need 1 order for 2 people.  It is a little pricey, but if you have the money, its very worth it.
I really cannot get enough of this place. And because Ive cut out eating so much red meat, they have alternative options available ! LOVE LOVE LOVE them !
They have the best and most unique burgers. There are many options to choose from; lamb, beef, shrimp and then a burger of the month. Their mango lassis are so tasty and come with a coconut milk option. I just love this place. The food is prepared fresh. They just have REAL food.
Slamming burgers and excellent service. Going to Burger Walla is an experience. It's like the Cheers of burger places: the whom staff remembers you from the cooks to the cashier lady. When it's warm, the back patio is a brief reprieve from the rigors of work on a lunch break. I am a big fan of the double brisket burger with cheese. The Cane sugar cola is a nice touch. They run a good clean shop at Burger Walla, one of my go-to lunch spots.
Burger Walla is a hidden gem in downtown Newark. If you want a great homemade burger and great service, this is the place for you.  I went here for lunch with my manager on a whim and we were not disappointed. The food was fresh & tasty, atmosphere was comfortable and the price was reasonable.  I highly recommend for a quick bite.
Nice local burger joint. Very friendly staff walk you through the options. Shrimp only available certain days and was gone by mid-afternoon.
Nice selection of burgers both veg and non veg with Indian touch! Really loved samosas! Owner was very helpful and pleasant to talk . Clean and Arty place.
The burgers are very delicious but kinda pricey based on size and amount of food. I love all their sauce options though and the whole Indian/burger fusion concept is very cool. I do wish their fries were crispier but that could just be my preference. The place is always clean and workers have always been friendly to me and my friends.
I really love Walla, especially the walla wings, so tasty and unforgettable. The food is amazing and the price is good, and the staffs are very friendly
Great veggie burger. Tons of flavor, huge patty. Walla sauce is the bomb. Don't forget to get some sweet potato tots to round out the meal. Employees are nice and personable. Food is prepared quickly.
Very nice place. The atmosphere presented a good vibe. The service was fast and efficient, all the the person waiting on me could have been a little bit more knowledgeable. Food is what makes a place and honestly the food was really good. I would recommend this place, I would also come back. Bathrooms were the only reason they did not get a 5 star as they were no very clean during my experience.
Been visiting Rutgers at Newark for the month of August. Needed a place to have my lunch and visited Walla 4-5 times. Been super satisfied every time. Probably the best burger i Newark. Fast and efficient service and great tasting burgers.
We had a nice vegetarian burger and the vegan chili.. Was not bad, I thought the chili was a bit sweet but it was still a good lunch.
It is a smaller place in an upcoming part of Newark so I was shocked about how good it was!Pros: I have loved everything I have ever eaten there, so flavorful! They are polite. Their prices are fair. Their menu is somewhat unique so you can come here the day after having burgers without issue. I can't go too long without craving their vegan chili cheese fries. It is 100% not good for you but after one bite you won't care. They have an assortment of sauces (free) that you can use, the spicy mayo being my fav. Cons: Because they are smaller and their area they don't get a whole lot of traffic. This means that sometime they dont have everything on the menu. Shrimp is only available on some days and the vegan chili is only available certain times of year.
The staff was super attentive as this was our first visit. Helped us understand the Walla sauce and checked up on our table after we got our food to make sure we were enjoying it. Pleasantly surprised that this isn't just another fast food atmosphere. They had a free juice box for my son as well, very nice touch! We had two burgers and split an order of fries. Fries were amazing and so were the burgers!! Didn't totally love the grilled onions because it made things a little too soggy halfway through but the meat itself was excellent with the Walla sauce and spicy mayo from the condiment bar. Spicy mayo was also my favorite for the fries too of course, so good! Soda fountain features boylon local cane sugar sodas another nice touch! Loved our visit!
I've gone here three times so far since they've opened, and all three times has been consistently amazing. I was concerned at first since you can easily pay 15 dollars for a meal, but I'm confident now that it's well worth it.Amazingly friendly staff help new customers understand the menu, and they are incredibly helpful. The cooks do an amazing job making a juicy, flavorful burger. Everything is made fresh, from the sauce to the burger, everything was made on site. One time, we had to wait a few minutes for him to make a new batch of mango tamarind sauce for our wings, but it was definitely worth it. The chef came back to check on us, and asked us how our food was: we all told him it was amazing.I've had the shrimp burger (surprising texture, but amazing taste), the lamb burger (delicious with goat cheese and walla sauce), sweet potato tots (very flavorful without being greasy), cheese fries (better than some places around) and the wings (Very flavorful even with a spicy kick). Their sauces are perfection, without burning your mouth, they infuse just the right amount of spice with a huge amount of flavor, and even my friend who hates spice pretty much had an orgasm from her burger.The only downside is the sitting area. It's a small area, which comes with the location, which is fine in itself, but it definitely needs work. A plain gray floor with plain white walls are a good base for improvements to occur, so I hope they do, but even without it, the food holds the place well. They also deliver and cater. They even have Yoga on Saturday mornings. Definitely something new and amazing on Halsey St.
The burgers are absolutely delicious. You can tell the meat is fresh just from your first bite. The only reason Im giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because on a college students budget the tradeoff for quality over quantity is a big deal. It's not the "biggest bang for your buck place", the amount of food you get for ~$8-10 isn't all that much; however, the quality of it is definitely 10x better than the street meat newark college students are typically eating. For that, it's worth it.
This place is delicious. I apologize for the lack of a pic of the sweet potato tots, they didn't make it home with me. I dove into this double walla chicken with avocado head first. At first, I was a lil weirded out by the green chicken patty in front of me, but the flavor is totally worth the slightly unorthodox color. "This is amazing, what is this--mint?!" That's what the guy at the table across from me said when Kai (owner) asked how he was enjoying his food. The chicken is infused with cilantro chutney, giving it that unique color and taste. I worked at a greenhouse and during my time there were many different leafy things coming in and out and we were encouraged to taste. I decided then that I could happily live the rest of my days without cilantro, but this is easily the best chicken burger I've had to date and I think it's the infusion that makes it so. Big fan of sweet potatoes here, and these tots are done well. Soft and discernible textures inside, delightful little crunch on the outside. Not overly salted or drowned in heavy oil. The staff is always pleasant and they go the extra mile to make sure customers are pleased. There's not enough of that kind of customer service anymore. I'm hoping this little spot sticks around on Halsey street.
The food was good and the delivery was efficient. I'd definitely eat here again. Nice options for someone looking for healthy menu options. The menu could be better at showing all of the options available. It wasn't quite clear when I was ordering. Other than that I enjoyed the experience.
Long time resident of Newark and thrilled to finally be able to get a decent burger.  Just the right amount of flavor without trying to do too much. The place has a cool vibe and in a really great location on Halsey.  The staff is courteous and quick, and the owners are awesome. This will become a regular spot and I highly recommend.
What a gem! My co-worker and I stopped in today and had the "Beef Walla Burger" with all the fixings. I must say that I'm surprised and happy we tried something new.Being a Brooklyn girl and all (NYC), I can honestly say their burgers aren't a far stretch from Shake Shack - which is a huge thing for Newark.Good job guys!!!
A wonderful unique burger joint with a cool twist with Indian spices. We came by around 12:10 on a Tuesday and was happily greeted by one of the staff there. He explained how to order and the various burger options. He recommended if it was your first time here to try one of their specialty burgers. But you also have the option of customizing your own burger as well. I ordered the veggie burgerwala and went to sit down at one of their tables to wait for my order. They brought it out in under 10 minutes. The patty itself was flavored with indian spices. It was a very unique and tasty take on the traditional American burger. The burger came with buns, tomatoes, pickles, caramelized onions, the patty, and the secret wala sauce. They also had sauces on the side that you could add to your burger. They have more than just your typical ketchup and mustard, some options were spicy mayo and siracha mayo. I decided to add the spicy ketchup and the normal mustard to mines. I thought the burger itself came with too much bun and not enough patty. I would have liked there to be more patty and have the patty to be crispier. But the overall flavor profile of the burger was very excellent. All the toppings complimented each other. When I added the spicy ketchup and mustard it accented the flavors even more. The pickle inside the burger was also very sweet and crunchy which I loved. I also got the side of sweet potato tots which were crunchy, crisp, and sweet. I dipped the tots in a spicy mayo and it was wonderful. It was a very fair price for the veggie burgerwala and the tater tots. I believe it was around $9 and I was very full after. The atmosphere was also very laid back and clean and the service was excellent.
"Burger Walla" meaning Burger maker/seller in some Indian languages. Standing true to its Indian name, the first bite into the Veggie Walla burger releases a burst of perfect Indian flavors! Great yummy burgers- that you can't get enough of. Awesome burger place stowed away in a surprise location. Friendly service. Definitely going back- made me miss a burger like delicacy from Maharashtra "vada pav"- this place is THAT good!!
The food is great and the service is good. The student special gives you a pretty decent meal for 10 dollars
Love! Love! Love! I wish there were more locations. I left this place feeling like the happiest stuffed whale alive. The food is absolutely amazing, and everything is bursting with flavor. Do yourself a favor and check this place out immediately! The food is so good, and the staff was so sweet. As soon as you walk in the door they're greeting you, talking about the menu, your preferences, and trying to get you settled into the most pleasant dining experience of your life and this is a burger joint! I digress - the standouts were the walla burger, the lamb burger, the chicken chili cheese hand-cut fries, the mango tamarind wings, and the spicy ketchup/mustard. Don't limit yourself though, go with friends and try everything. I know I can't wait to go back.
The dialogue/tweet between Cory Booker and Mindy Kaling brought me to Burger Walla....I had the veggie walla and sweet potato tots both were delicious.  This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants now can't wait to try some more deliciousness
My partner and i were on the look out for a good burger. We walked into a burger shop on Market and encounter $16 for a single patty. Is it made from bald eagle?!Luckily we discovered this lovely spot and were incredibly pleased. Very flavorful patties with multiple options. A great burger with a great price. Add friendly staff and a clean location, you cannot go wrong. Their fries perfect.
I came in hopes to hobnob with Brick City Supper Club but shyly declines and ate with an old friend. The menu is limited and clearly stated. In reviewing options the owner shared that most items were either organic, grass fed, vegan or some other hip-ly popular option. Veggie burgers are not prepared with soy proteins, just veggies. I didn't order it however the owner shared that with me. Just thought I'd let you know too. I got the lamb burger. $7.00 price point with no included sides. I also ordered the sweet potato tots to share with my friend who got the beef hot dog.  As they were preparing the meals it got really smoky in there. Its a small but large place and there were no working windows so we had to wait to the ventilation to do its magic. I was just afraid I'd smell like grilled food. I didn't First sight of my burger I was disappointed with the size. I am possibly used to chain restaurants and mega portions but either way Id hoped for a larger sandwich. The patty was thin. Bun was a potato bun no sesame seeds here. Sandwich overall was tasty. Not worth $7 however I may order it again on a payday when I'm feeling wealthy. Sweet potato tots were delicious. Portion size was small. Can't remember the price, maybe $3. My friend enjoyed his hotdog and I enjoyed a bite of his hotdog.Overall we both agreed that the food tasted "clean". There were no offensive lingering flavors of grease or additives. Portion sizes were small but that can be okay if you don't want to feel weighed down after your meal. Prices were high compared to what you got. All items are ala carte no protein/ starch combos. Place was decent just don't sit by the grill.
The place has bare bones decor, and needs little touch ups, but I kind of like the rustic vibe. I ordered the Lamb burger with sweet potato tots and a bottled guava drink, which came out to $14. The price point on the meal I believe it's a little high as the size of the burger was about the same as a BK Jr whopper, maybe slightly smaller. The burger was nice and juicy, of course it had a game(y) taste as lamb tends to have. The tots were actually good. I just think the burgers need to be a little bit bigger or lower the price. The menu is limited, which needs to be worked on if they're going to succeed.
I love this place.Best fusion of indian/middle eastern and american cuisine. The burgers are simply divine and everything is beautifully handcraft to appeal to your taste buds.I recommend this place to everyone who is in Newark and wants to try something Great!
Best burger place on campus! They have really awesome employees, ambiance and great food. It's a must if you are in the area often!
Dig this place. Similar to Five Guys, but waaaay more interesting. Also, I love samosas, and they have 'em.
I love that the owner has always been at the restaurant when I've ordered. However,  the burgers are kind of small and the prices are kind of expensive. I used eat here frequently, but now that I don't have a reason to come to the area...I don't go. The sweet potato tots are delicious. You should at least try/check out once!
This place first caught my eye on days I would be on campus looking to eat somewhere and would continuously just scroll through Yelp results. Luckily, I got the chance to finally try it with my boyfriend last week.The menu features an array of burgers with your regular beef patty to shrimp or lamb. Unfortunately, they ran out of shrimp burgers so I went with the preset lamb burger with Walla sauce, while my boyfriend went with the beef burger. We also got the sweet potato tater tots and cheese fries. What we loved about the place was that they had all their sauces besides the Walla sauce by the napkins for you to eat with. However, when we got our burgers the patties were a bit plain. Yet, the condiments the burgers came with, especially the lamb one, were delicious and made it enjoyable. The sweet potato tater tots were a definite highlight, while the cheese fries weren't anything special. Burger Walla is a definite try for those in the area with huge recommendations for the lamb burger and sweet potato tots.
Burger Walla advertises itself as a burger joint with an Indian twist. I found the burger good, but didn't really see the Indian part. There is a lamb option with goat cheese and some Indian spice in the blend of meat, but I could have used way more spice which would have lent a more unique flavor. As it was, the burger was good, but didn't stand out much. The fries on the other hand were pretty boring, even with cheese. The idea of pepper jack cheese sounds excellent, but it was a bit disappointing in execution. These cheese solidified pretty quickly and mostly made the fries mushy. The spicy mayo was pretty tasty though. The wait was fairly long for a fast casual place, though it may have been due to a birthday party going on inside. They could use a bit more seating for the lunch crowd. While it wasn't life altering, it's good enough to enter the lunch rotation compared to some of the other nearby places.
It's everything you need a burger joint to be coupled with the best Newark has to offer regarding community engagement! My fave: Double Chicken with extra walla sauce and sweet potato tots with spicy ketchup! Once the owner and I dipped the homemade chocolate chip cookies into a lassi and rainbows came out of my ears! The croissant bread pudding is an experience! Shrimp burger is phenomenal and if you want one then you better call ahead! If I made one critique it would be that I want a mini version of the burgers so I can have more than one at a time (is that greedy)
Burgers were really good. They don't deliver very far but if you can drive to the location to pickup. Worth it.
Friendly staff & fantastic food! The Walla burger was excellent and the sweet potato tots were perfect.
Stopped by for lunch today. Was a bit of a line but that's always a good sign for me. Ordered the Walla Lamb and subbed out the goat cheese for pepper jack cheese and left the rest as is (lamb patty, carmelized onion, tomato, spicy pickle, and walla sauce) as well as a side of sweet potato tots.The burger was awesome, perfectly charred and crispy on the outside and juicy inside. All the components came together really well and was really blown away by the overall flavor range. The young ladies taking the orders were attentive and recognized some regulars (she'll be recognizing me from now on) and the owner was hard at work carefully crafting each order with a high level of care. Overall, I will be recommending this spot to all my coworkers and friends that attend Rutgers Newark.
This is a little gem in Newark's University Heights. The burgers are so unique in their own way, very flavorful, juicy, and fresh. I love that they have different burger and ethnic varieties from their shrimp burger to samosas and mango lassi shakes.
Wow. The food was great. Came much quicker than i thought something made to order would. Great, because I was starving. I'd highly recommend this spot to anyone who can appreciate a good burger. simply put, they have mastered the art of the burger as their name (Walla: A specialist) implies.I had the lamb burger, it was just the right amount of spicy. I will definitely come back to try another item on the menu. Maybe the sweet potato tots.
I had the lamb burger and it was exceptional!  It looks like a new restaurant because there are no pictures or decorations on the wall, but I came to eat so I didn't mind the lack of decor.  Well done on the burger!!The only opportunity for improvement was with the young lady who took my order.  I had to repeat myself 2-3 times with everything.  For example, I didn't want tomatoes on my burger so I said, "no tomatoes".  She said back to me, "no tomatoes and pickles?"  I said, "I want pickles but no tomatoes."  She repeated my order and I had to state, "No tomatoes" again.  The order was perfect, but I don't no why she couldn't get the tomatoes thing right.
Awesome menu-- definitely recommend the mango tamarind wings, lovely kick of flavor!Very friendly staff, & they host pretty cool events
Went to his hidden gem today with a few coworkers and let me begin to tell you!!!!!  Was blown away but the simple details of this place food.  The pickles, the condiments had flavor to it, the onions were nice and caramelized.  Oh wait!!!  it gets better, before eating we were told that there was a small patio so we went outside and ate!!!!  I truly felt that was the best decision ever!!!  I order a chicken burger with the sweet potato tots and let me tell you, THAT FOOD MADE ME WANT TO DANCE,!!!!! And the price point was right up my alley.  Finished my meal before my co-workers.  Will MOST DEFININITELY BE GOING BACK TO TRY THE CHICKEN WINGS!!!!!!  THIS IS NOW MY SPOT!!!!
Great food and great atmosphere.  My favorites are the chicken burger & the shrimp burger.  My husband had an ox tail burger which was a special that he reminisces about all the time.  I like the standard menu and I also appreciate that they are innovative and have specials regularly.
This place is awesome! Went here for the first time and was instantly greeted by the man in charge. He explained their menu, philosophy, and ingredients and told me which burgers were good for first timers. I ended up getting a Lamb Walla burger with fries. The burger was SO flavorful, juicy, and perfectly cooked. I also loved how many vegetarian options they had, since I do prefer to limit the amount of meat I consume. I will definitely be back.
Walla Lamb burger was incredible. Great customer service as well. Everyone was polite and eager to explain the menu.
I've had this place on my list for a while. With confirmation from a few friends that I need to take my raggedy ass back to my city to try it, I went today. I ordered the chicken burger, with sweet potato tots. The kids just wanted fries. I love that the menu is not overwhelming. I am an extremely indecisive person and I cannot deal with huge menus. I get crazy. Imma tell you like dis hea, this burger was so fresh it tasted like he made it next week bih. I loved how the walla sauce, the fresh pickle and the cilantro in the burger just made this meal an experience. Then the tots with the spicy ketchup?!?! I'm mad I wasted so much time talking about going. Now I will be back to try everything on the menu! I'm not kidding. The owner made my burger of course, he had a very pleasant spirit. The place had good energy. It is a cool place to be. I am proud of my Newark natives.Get your ass down there though.
The burgers are sooo good and the service is excellent!I called in to order for pickup, arrived less than 10 minutes later and my order was waiting for me. Everyone, including the cooks were friendly and smiling. I got the single burger with cheddar ($1 extra), lettuce, tomato, caramelized onions and ketchup. It came on a potato bun and the texture and flavor of the sandwich was awesomeness. It kind of reminded me of Five Guys, but the patty was normal sized and actually had flavor. I also got fries with cheddar cheese (they have the kind with the skins). I appreciated that they didn't just slap a slice on top, and it was a nice sized portion. I ordered a strawberry, banana smoothie that was okay. It wasn't sweet enough for my liking, but I could tell it had natural ingredients. I'll definitely be returning, with friends.
I'd been meaning to try Burger Walla and was glad I did. The place is a bit rough around the edges in the seating area, but very nice in the front. We ordered the Chicken Walla and the sweet potato tots. At first, I was taken aback at the size of the burger (for some reason I expected it to be a skosh bit larger; damn you, conventional fast-food conditioning), but that didn't matter once I bit into the thing.Oh, lawd--new addiction.The burger was very fresh-tasting, and seasoned well. I wished I'd left the onions on--I ordered mine without because I thought they'd be raw for some reason. I see now that they were grilled/carmelised and would have complimented the burger nicely. The walla sauce was very nice. My boyfriend enjoyed his, as well.The sweet potato tots were crispy and went very well with the spicy ketchup. And I was happy to see the Boylan fountain soda, as I know their sodas tend to be less "junky" than major brands. I also appreciated that the sodas were one size; made things less complicated somehow.I would like to come back and try dessert, as there didn't seem to be much of it there at the time. The sign accompanying the cake display actually made me laugh; it read something like "Fresh-made daily. Yes, really."I loved the decor on the restroom wall--it was a mural of Bollywood movie posters. I'm hoping they'll extend the decor to the back of the place! It's baby- and mami- friendly, in that it has a changing table in the restroom and baby highchair seats for the tables. Staff was friendly and greet you when you come in. Service was rather quick considering the quality of the food, but it wasn't that busy.We will be back again. It's definitely a great addition to the other places downtown Newark has to offer.
This is definitely a refreshing spot located in the Halsey arts section of Newark.  The options here are great and unique. I enjoy having the lamb burger, hot dogs, their samosas and lastly their Mango lassi. The lassi is simply divine!  I get mine specifically with mangos and coconut milk, you should definitely try it if you like milky or yogurt based smoothies, plus its healthy for you. Very rarely it can take time for service but thats because there's usually an event and because the venue is still very knew I dont expect them to have a caravan of cooks. Nevertheless,  get yourself any of their burgers or lassi and youre good to go!
I had a veggie burger. It was tasty and enough. They use interesting ingredients to make their veggie burgers. Cauliflower was one. It was tasty. If you like a firm non meat burger, this isn't it but it's a good mild flavored veggie patty. Firm enough. Fresh lettuce pickles and tomatoes as well!
Every bit as delicious as other Yelpers have said. Lucked into getting one of the last crab burgers of the day. Definitely worth the walk from campus.
What a cool place! It's nice to see a local burger joint in the Halsey area and with so much pizzazz (well, options). I went straight for the lamb burger but it was a tough decision to make between everything else. I love the variety of options offered, the sauces (spicy AND regular versions of ketchup, mustard, mayo), and the family restaurant feel to it all. It's a great addition to the area and can't wait to return!!
This has now moved into my Top 3 Burger Place.  If you like Shake Shack then this place will excite you even more.  Great burger and I love the infusion of mixing the Indian influence.  The mango lassi with coconut milk was refreshing.Burgers are made using Pat LaFrieda meats which is an indication of high quality.My two co-workers that joined me all had the same reaction - WE LOVED IT!Going back today to try out the Lamb burger.
Good food choices in Newark are very limited, in my experience.  Even some of the 'fancy' restaurants seem like they are running on years-old auto-pilot.  So I was delighted to discover Burger Walla.  They obviously wanted to make the best food possible.  While waiting for my to-go burger, I watched the cooking crew at work, the attention to detail and double checks that everything was right.  Creative food, and definitely worth a stop if you are interested in trying something different.
I enjoyed Burger Walla, its a good spot for us students at Rutgers. My chicken burger tasted fresh, and it was green! The cilantro chutney was tasty and went well with the cheese/onion/spicy ketchup. I also thought the soda selection was unique since there was several cane sugar selections. The birch beer was particularly good. Although I was looking forward to the shrimp burger, I didn't get to try it because they only serve it on certain days of the week. Burger Walla is worth a try, its an interesting mix of flavors.
Amazing burger and even better fries. It is a great lunch or dinner spot in a newly renovated downtown space. Rutgers and NJIT students can get a burger, fries, and unlimited drink refills for $9 + tax.
I had the Walla Shrimp burger which only server on Friday (and Thursday, I think). My coworker had the Walla Chicken burger. We both really like our burgers. So 5 stars for the burgers. Yeah! The size of the burgers are the same size as Shake Shack or Five Guys. In other word, pretty small. The soda there is pretty unique. The sugar in the drink, is from the sugarcane. Now, will I go back. Probable not. Since we both think it's a little pricey for the amount of the food it comes with.
Great service, delicious walla dog and walla burgers. We had the lamb burger and beef burger everyone loved it and huge portion of fries accompanied it. We ordered to go so we baked the fries in oven because the commute home made them into a batch of soggy soft fries. Spicy sauces are great but whoa the spicy mustard definitely left me reaching for a cup of milk; but would be loved by whoever likes an intense spicy sauce with a serious kick.
By far the Finest Veggie Burger I have ever tasted in USA.  Nice and friendly staff. fast service.  Burger was pretty good enough that you can eat all the fries with it and after that you don't feel too heavy either.Must try.
I've been looking forward to the opening of this creative new joint for the past few months, and I definitely wasn't disappointed after trying it out for the first time! I ordered the chicken burger and sweet potato tots, and I have to say I'm a fan. The burger was very juicy, tangy (from what I think was a tamarind "Walla" sauce), and just all around delicious. Although it wasn't wasn't as overtly "Indian" as I was expecting, it still had a great blend of flavors. The assortment of condiments (spicy ketchup, spicy mayo, etc.) were a great adjunct to an already tasty meal.Also of note: loved the quirky details on the napkin holders and sauce bottles! It seemed to be a busy day, as our food took 15+ minutes to come off of the grill, but we didn't mind as the extremely courteous gentleman at the counter (not sure if he was the owner or manager) was very apologetic and even made rounds to each table to make sure all of the orders met customer expectations. With that kind of service, the wait seemed worth it. Great new addition to Halsey St! Looking forward to my next visit.
Burger Walla is a great addition to Halsey and adds more variety of food choices to the area. I got the walla beef and the french fries. Both were excellent. Also the food did not take too long to come out at all and the staff was very friendly and welcoming. Next time I might try the shrimp burger since it has been getting rave reviews on here. My only wish is that I had tried this place sooner.
If you're down with burgers, lamb, wings and Walla-just come. Oh and the peanut butter brownie, tho.
Three of us visited during the afternoon. The service was good a touch on the slow side, but this place is just starting up and was a little crowded. There is plenty of seating. The lamb burger was delicious as was the shrimp. It just a good burger and well worth checking out. Comparable to five napkins in the city. The walla sauce was good, but not extraordinary. There is a decent variety of juices,lassi, boylan's soda, limca, thumbs up, etc. The Indian influences are clearly evident, but I had hoped for more. Perhaps a variety of sauces and spices across several indian influences, maybe salty chat fries or indian inspired desserts. Perhaps a lava cake/ras malai hybrid?Burger walla is definitely a fitting addition to halsey, I hope to see more options and experimentation from this place.
I love the sweet potato tots and the mango lassi. Goat burger is a must try. Close to Rutgers & Prudential so it's convenient.
The burgers are so good and have a unique taste, the walla sauce has a great zest to it but if you want to save a few bucks unfortunately this place is pretty expensive. The food is very good, filling, and the service is great but if you can get past the prices like I did, then you'll have a good time
Absolutely the best burger joint in Newark, it feels like home without a doubt... my favorite is the regular Walla Burger everything on it and a side of Sweet Potato Tots, and don't sleep on the Chilli definitely hitting on a cold day
I was working in the area and Yelped what was close to me and Burger Walla popped up, amongst some others. So I decided to go with ,Burger Walla, because they had a Veggie Burger. So I went with the Veggie Walla with Swiss (they recommend their signature burgers that are specifically crafted to go well with their toppings and burgers) also got the fresh cut fries and the curry cauliflower and chickpeas. Everything was delicious, burger was great, bun was perfection, the staff was cool as f*#~ as well as their cooks. Will be back for as long as I can. You guys rock!!
Went there for their soft opening. The staff was super friendly. Pretty big seating area with TVs. I ordered the beef burger with their special walla sauce and sweet potato tots. The burger is definitely smaller than what I needed. The bun wasn't really the kind of bun I expected, it was like one of those cheap small buns you see at a friend's backyard barbecue. The beef was good, and the sauce was good. I wish they were heavier on the sauce and seasoned the patties more with indian spices though. The sweet potato tots were excellent. I love that they had spicy ketchup (pretty sure it was ketchup mixed with Sriracha) and spicy mayo. They also have fancy sodas, if you're into that.I think they have an excellent idea about indian-spiced burgers here, but I wish they executed it a little better. However, I ain't complaining about about the fact that now I have another food option in Newark.
We were excited to try this place due to all the great reviews that it had. The people working there are super nice and welcoming, however, the food was not as expected. We initially wanted to order the shrimp burger but they were already out so we ordered the veggie burger and chili cheese fries. The burger was bland  and had no significant masala spices as the description states. The fries were also mediocre due to the fact that there were no chili in our chili cheese fries. On a positive note, we loved their mango lassi! I would love to give this place a second go seeing that their shrimp burger has had good reviews but I would not order the veggie burger again.
Burger selection on point. Fries bangin'. Options for vegan... wish they delivered more =) surely worth stopping in if you are looking to EAT!
My favorite 'good eats' place in Newark. Always delicious. Always friendly.
Sent out wrong food, refused to remake the food. Only after arguing with the manager did we receive a refund.
I will confess I'm a burger snob... While living in Jersey City I visited EVERY quality burger spot in town...now that I live in Newark I don't need to go any further than to Burger Walla..This place is on the money... They use Pat Lafrida  burgers...Pretty much the industry standard of meat purveyors in the region...*cough* Shake Shack., 5 Napkin Burger, Black Iron Burger etc..Customer service is amazing... The owner remembers my order , double goat cheese with bacon and Walla sauce  plus sweet potato tots every time I visit...light years comparison to another notable Newark burger spot down neck that actually refused me service..I pretty much visit this spot weekly.
Burger Walla is a great burger spot right off of Rutgers-Newark's campus. They have a lot of variety and good beef burgers. The fries are legit and so is their birch beer. The only bad thing is the cost. It's a little pricey for a burger, fries, drink compared to their most similar competitor, 5 Guys. They also ask for a tip before you get your food which is weird. Overall, it's a little pricey, but a solid choice.
Over rated. Tried the chicken wallah to go. Definitely not a good idea to get it to go. The bun was all soggy and the taste was not so Indian. The quantity is also not enough for the price. Over all it's seems to be overrated.
Delicious food - I had the veggie burger and sweet potato tots. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and the prices were very reasonable. We were walking by on the way to another restaurant and stopped here because it looked interesting, glad we did!
I normally reserve judgment on any establishment until they've had enough time to get their act together. So, since this place has been open for a few months now, off we go.A few of us visited Burger Walla for lunch recently. Obviously the menu isn't vast, so you're decision is cut and dry.They have 4 and 8oz burgers. The 8oz is two 4oz patties stacked, like McDonald's, etc. Therefore, it's not as if you're getting a *gourmet* burger, which you can determine how it should be cooked (I usually go med-rare). For what they are, it's ok, I suppose. The 8oz burger is 13 bucks though, which is probably excessive for a double stacked pattie. The place itself is sparse, and under-decorated. It definitely needs help. Overall, I don't see the place lasting beyond 2015, but good luck to them nonetheless!
I've been to Burger Walla twice, and have now had two different burgers, the lamb burger with beef burger, and really liked them both. The meat is high-quality and prepared well. Also had the cauliflower and sweet potato tater tots side dishes. The blend of traditional burger joint food with Indian flavors really works, though if you just want a more standard burger and fries, you can do that too. An added bonus here is the team of Kai and Tamara, the husband-and-wife entrepreneurs. Kai is frequently on site, and the high degree of professionalism and perfectionism he brings to the restaurant is immediately evident from chatting with him and watching him lead the team. Great place, worth a visit!
I've tried their veggie burgers and chicken burgers with their very own Walla sauce! I can say it was pretty awesome. The burgers have a kick. Great Burger spot . It's got the healthy appeal too. The fries are amazing, hands down!  Prices are pretty reasonable as well.
Sweet potato tarot tots were a win, not greasy and pretty fresh!  Chicken burger was also good. Great little spot if you want something creative and different from chain fast food in Downtown Newark.
I like eating at this place between classes sometimes.  I've had their lamb and beef burgers, and they both were good. I also like their lassi, though it's a little pricey. Definitely worth a try if you are in the area!
We had a walla beef and a walla veggie--both amazing. I added goat cheese to the walla veggie and would highly recommend it. Sweet potato tots and curry cauliflower were great. Employees were super friendly and fast.
We ate at Burger Walla this weekend and it was wonderful!   I had a lamb burger, which was the best I ever had.  All too often lamb burgers can be on the dry side, but here it (a double walla lamb) was juicy and flavorful.  My wife had a double cheeseburger which was also delicious and juicy.  We also really enjoyed the sweet potato fries, which had a nice taste and were similar to tater tots but not greasy, and the cauliflower side which was well-spiced.  The lassies were great too, comparable to what one might get at a good Indian restaurant.   I had the banana/milk one and my wife mango/coconut milk, and we were both happy.  Our two year old happily partook in the feast.   The service was friendly and helpful, and the place was clean and comfortable.   It is a great addition to Halsey Street and we look forward to returning!
I found this restaurant on Yelp and will definitely eat here again. I order the Beef Walla single with fries and a cup of water. The food was served fast and was very fresh. My friend order the Veggie Walla. The staff members were very friendly and called me by name, including the cashier and chef. They were very professional and made our experience even better. Highly recommend!
Loved it! A great burger joint. I do wish the prices were a LITTLE bit cheaper, but either way, I'd recommend them to anybody.
I'm pretty sure this place heals wounds. Or at least relieves the pains of a stressful workday. LOVE the sweet potato tots. I'm working my way through the different burger options and eagerly awaiting a Thursday or Friday to try the Shrimp Walla.
Good service but pricey for a burger joint. The patties are very thin. You would have to order 2 parties to really enjoy.   I'm dating myself but several years ago there was Wendy's commercial comparing burgers and the question to the composition was "where's the beef".
For the first time in my life I understand what a pure, juicy, mouthwatering burger tastes like. Literally, the Walla Burger made my mouth water - it's that good.
Hot dogs burgers wings among other things. Simply amazing.  Great service, amazing food and energetic atmosphere. 2nd time here in a week.. Best guilty pleasure vanilla cake..
My girlfriend and I chose this place on a whim and needless to say... They make a really. Really. Delicious and juicy burger. I was talking to the cashier and he was telling me they make everything fresh every day. From grinding up fresh shrimp and putting garlic butter in it to crafting those delicious sweet potato tots (Of course the burger meat is never frozen). I got the walla burger 8oz (because I was super hungry) and I was not disappointed. Within the first bite TONS of delicious juice from the meat flooded into my mouth and at that moment I knew that this place will be around for a while. The lamb burger my girlfriend got was deliciously seasoned and was good enough to satisfy her stomach. We also mixed up the yogurt smoothie as suggested by the cashier and we got the mango, strawberry smoothie with coconut milk and that. Was. Amazing. I loved it and to be honest I couldn't taste too much strawberry but I didn't really care since it was so good. All in all, with a double decker burger, one lamb burger, one smoothie, and sweet potato tots (really good) it came out to be a total of $26 dollars and is definitely worth it! They're new so the place isn't fully decorated yet but the good is definitely worth checking out!! Give them a chance and I'm sure they will only get better from there.P.s. they also have spicy mayo and spicy ketchup sauce which is a plus for me since I love s little bit of spice
The staff was friendly and the place has very healthy food and beverages.  I went to use the bathroom after I paid and my food was out when I got out (I went #1 if you must know).  The burger tasted great it's like shake shack but less salty which I like, and the sweet potato tots were ON A DIFFERENT PLANET.  Idk it could have been  Pluto because Pluto was so far from Earth but then they said Pluto isn't a planet so I'm going to have to go with Venus because Venus is so HOT! . Anyway, it was great food and the price isn't all that bad.
Saw the reviews and know the NJ. com search for best burger has them on the listGot there before 12 to beat rushBurger 4 oz with fixings was very goodFries were terrible, soggy and limp.  maybe being in before rush was wrongHad the hot dog that was fine, nothing specialLiked the selection of sauces on side Refill of birch beer was nice, makes up for the $2.50 price tagLunch was $15, would not do this everyday but would give them another shotMaybe as noted above, fries were soggy and limp, maybe oil was not hot enough and fries absorbed oil instead of getting crisp, all I know is 6 1/2 hours after lunch I had sever intestenial discomfort, I would remove a star
Nothing special people burgers are very small and way overpriced.Also have nothing India taste like regular burgers don't waste your money
Amazing burgers and fries, especially the Walla Lamb. And no it's not an Indian food place, it's just a name. But definitely a great place.
Really great take on a traditional burger joint! Lamb burgers, shrimp burgers, veggie burgers....all with a spicy Indian flare.   I had the veggie burger which was aweseme....fresh and spicy.  And my friend had the shrimp burger....he eats here often and said this was his favorite burger that he's tried so far.  Also, the fries are fresh cut which I love.Highly recommended if you are in the Brick City and looking for a quick lunch or dinner.
Hands down my new go to spot when I'm in the neighborhood. Grass-fed beef/lamb, fresh ingredients, and friendly service at a great price point. I like the lamb burger, chicken burger, and sweet potato tots the best.  Just stopped by for the first time with the wife and didn't know what to expect. The concept is a burger joint with an Indian twist. After reading reviews, we decided to try a lassi, sweet potato tots, lamb burger and the beef burger with the walla sauce (special sauce). First mistake, the walla sauce was good (you never know) and should have been on the burger. Just order it as is and you'll be fine. Both burgers are seasoned well but the lamb was my favorite. The wife preferred the beef. You can't make a bad choice here. We have a habit of getting a little too caught up in the moment and after speaking to the owner for a while and having him explain the menu, we dove back despite being full. While the menu doesn't point out all the love put into the food it becomes apparent after speaking with the owner for a few minutes. Pretty much everything is made on the premise, fresh, and made to order. The meat is grass fed, free range, never frozen, no hormones, and low fat content. If you ask him which farms they come from, he can tell you. This is high quality stuff. Now back to the food order, the owner recommended we try the chicken burger. So we did that and a round of regular fries. I'm really not a big fan of chicken burgers as they tend to be dry. This one was amazing! Moist and very flavorful. It may be my favorite burger in the place. We wanted to try more, but we were too full at that point.Admittedly, I'm a burger snob and was a little concerned going in based on a few of the reviews. These burgers are great. Just don't come in expecting a super duper sized 2.5lb patty for $1.99 as you would at a fast food restaurant dishing out low quality hormonal meat and you'll be fine.
Best Veggie burger I could find in the city of Newark! I searched high and low for a good one. And this seems to be the winner. The only veggie burger that is not only grilled properly  but spiced correctly. I am a fan. I also had a side salad which was, well, a side salad....   I will have to come back when I am not going veggie for the day and calories to spare.
Kinda reminds me of Smoke Burger in the city. Same vibe, simpler menu. Great burger! The Walla sauce is awesome. And the skin-on fries are freaking amazing! Excellent service by a very attentive crew. I'll be back.
I came here from Boston to do Ielts test. And I picked this restaurant because the viewers. It's wonderfully delicious. In the first i had one burger, then i got another one. I strongly recommend it for you if you ever drove near by
I ordered the Lamb Burger. It was delish and mighty! Of course I got a side of FRESH cut fries (huge portion and real). My friend ordered a vegetarian burger, and although I didn't get one myself, I can say she loved it so much she got up and ordered a second one. And then there was the pound cake! It was mind blowing. I will be back with my husband soon.
Had a beef Wallah burger yesterday - my first time trying this place. I'll definitely be back! The burger was delicious and the staff was friendly.
Got delivery from here on a weekend.  Excellent!  Lamburger "with everything" - great lamb flavor and aroma.  Only drawback - could use a better burger bun, one that didn't get soggy.  Sweet potato tots - with a dipping sauce.  Om nom nom.  Were still hot when delivered.  Nice spice, not too punchy, just right.  Mango Lassi with coconut milk - delish.  Topped off by a very nice delivery guy, great phone service, speedy delivery.  Upgrade that burger bun and I'd give 5 stars.
You MUST try the Sweet Potato Tots!  The veggie burger was also great but the Tots were AMAZING!  Super affordable and the staff was really hospitable...one of the owners was even manning the grill so you know they are involved and dedicated to making it a great experience.  I will absolutely be back!
By far the best and most interesting burgers in Newark. Had the Burger with Walla sauce and was curious about the sauce. Burger was fresh and cooked well, sauce made it great! Had the Lassie which went well together. Looking forward to trying the Shrimp burger, if I can catch it before they run out!!
The cashier was rude when I asked what he recommended I'll be understanding because he looks like he's going through mid life crisis. 1 hour eta on your food to come out after you order it and 90% chance of it being wrong. 3 people working the restaurant on a Saturday during lunch. Worst experience in Jersey!
This was fantastic!  On the way to the airport we found by accident. The burgers were oh my heart good. The appearance of the burger, crispy edges, the sauces all great!!  Bring one to Phoenix!
Great food and great service...just opened but this will be a staple on Halsey Street...
The staff is friendly and great, their food is even better. It's become a weekly tradition for us to stop by and get lunch. My favorite is the lamb burger and everything else I've tried was great. The food is worth the wait and is a great place to go if you're looking for something classic or something drastically new.
I had a great lunch at Burger Walla.It was all so fresh and tasty. Look forward to going back.
This place is great!. The food is delicious and different. The staff is friendly and courteous, and they have my favorite soda (Boylans) on fountain. If you want a burger on a totally different level this is the place to go. I had a lamb burger with cheese fries and some samosas. Super delicious! I can't wait for the whether to be nice and they open the outdoor seating area. The decor is very plain and the seating area is in in the back in a white room, but i think they are still working on decorating. However, the food and service took my mind off of the room and seating area.
Amazing! Even that is not a good enough word to describe them. Been here a couple of times so far and each time keeps getting better and better. The burgers are so delicious! Shrimp burger is excellent but texture is definitely not something you'd expect but oh so flavorful! Rather than a burger texture it's got more of an Asian fish cake texture. My favorite is by far the lamb burger with avocado, the mint chutney in it was super yummy and really pull the burger together. Sweet Potato tots are ridiculously addicting. The fries are really good too but their sweet potato tots are something really special. Their wings are really good, the Walla Sauce is my favorite but mango tamarind are delightful as well. Their wings make me really  question if I want a burger or wings-- but then again, why not both? They also have Boylans on the tap(How crazy awesome is that?) and they have a nice space in the back for movie nights and yoga at 12 on Saturdays. Sometimes I can't believe that this place is actually in Newark. I hope it's here to stay. The times I went weren't too busy but it's been a bit cold, so hopefully when warm weather hits, they will have lines out the door. :) My absolute favorite thing about this place though is how sweet and caring the staff is! Everyone is so polite and welcoming. They had mint chocolate chip cookies for St Patricks Day but I happened to be sick that day so I missed out but when I told the girl at the counter, she offered to bake me fresh cookies! Any place that offers to bake you fresh cookies is always a great place. Definitely my new favorite burger place! As my friend says "Its an insult to them if you don't finish your food!" -- that is unless you've ordered way too much food because you simply couldn't decide what to get so both burgers and wings are happily sitting at your table. :)
Burger Walla is my by far the best burger place I have been to, like ever. I ordered a single beef burger with cheddar cheese and bacon on a potato bun. That burger was heavenly, like I'm an agnostic and I saw god when I ate that burger. The burgers were so good I made love to mine with my mouth and refused to allow my friend to leave the place until she finished hers as not devouring that burger wholly upon its arrival is not only an insult to Burger Walla but to Edesia, the Roman Goddess of food. I am convinced the cook is either the living embodiment of Edesia or has been blessed by her for every meal he makes tastes as if it should be eaten by gods. There has not been a time I was displeased with any aspect of my order. Aside from the blissful burgers I would recommend the sweet potato tots as they are the perfect balance of sweet and salty making them a great accent to any of the burgers you decide to order. For dessert the cookies are a nice size and always soft as if they were just out of the oven, which more often than not, they are. There are a wide variety of things to drink but with Boylan's on tap, the best soda ever created, I feel like the choice is obvious in that department. Those who work and run Burger Walla are nothing but nice, in fact they may be Care Bears that are mascarding as people, and will answer any questions you have about anything on the menu or perhaps life if that's what you are looking for. Once more I would highly recommend Burger Walla as the perfect place to get any amazing burger at any time of day, in fact I don't eat burgers for breakfast but if I could I would eat one from here every day.
Place goes downhill as soon as you enter. Smells overheated oil everywhere. Only item I ordered was Samosa - they were burnt tasteless and over done. Skip and skip.
I was a little skeptical about this place before I walked in because the area is a little sketchy. You cant judge a book by its cover so I gave it a shot. For starters the staff was so welcoming, warm and friendly, excellent customer service! My son had the double Walla burger, fries and a mango shake, and I had the single Walla burger with fries and a strawberry shake. The burgers were delicious!! The Fries were really good and the shakes were sooooo good!!! My son's was coconut milk based, and mine was regular milk based. When we were half done with our shakes we combined them and they were even more delicious. You can taste that they did not use sugar and only natural ingredients so that was a plus. This place reminded of Five Guys in that they charge you for everything seperate as opposed to the burger being accompanied by the fries. So for our meal it came to $30 which I thought was a bit pricey. I wanted to try the Samosas but after what I spent I decided not to. I would definitely come back and I reccomend this place.
Stopped in this weekend with my son ( the pickiest child ever)! We loved it, friendly service. Good food, fries were great. I don't usually EVER eat chicken burger, we both had one, seasoned very well - the "fixins" were great addition to the burger. Organic drinks and organic juice boxes for kids- excellent!  Will be back Thursday for the Shrimp Walla, they sell out quickly so I will be first in line this week!!
I just tried this place for the first time. I got the chicken walla with avocado. It was very, very good. I also got the sweet potato tots and dipped them in spicy mayo. Amazing!  All the staff working were very polite and helpful. Waited a little long for the food because it was busy but totally worth it. This is a hidden gem and I'll definitely be back!
Amazing! I go here at least once a month during the semester. It is conveniently down the block from the school I attend. So far I have had a burger, chicken burger, mango tamarind wings, and the vegan chilli. All items are delicious! My favorite has to be the chicken burger because it has minced cilantro in it which it gives it that nice refreshing taste to it. All the items on the menu are affordable and with out fail, eating here is always satisfying. Portion sizes are good, not too big not too small. The mango wings are also my fav, they have a different twist to it if you ever get bored of just regular buffalo and honey bbq. Staff is always friendly and welcoming and the chef always asks how the food is when your'e done eating. The restaurant is nice and clean so eating there is always an option. The ONLY bad thing I would say would be the fries because they can be a little greasy at times but other than that I have no complaints!
great burger and fries! yet to try the shrimp burger but will try next time!
my husband says it is the best burger he has ever had.Probably the ideal place for a lamb burger.If  tired of subways and donuts and yearning for some Indian stuff than samosas are a must
