Don't understand the hype... either people are not used to authentic flavors or are fiends of the owner.  It's a very average place. No flavors.. tomato paste base for everything.
I was so excited to try this place out, as I love Indian food and eat it multiple times a week but Indian restaurants just never seem to stay for long in Bergen County. Also, this place has rave reviews on Yelp.However, my food just wasn't what I expected.I ordered the paneer makhni, and chose the option for it to be mild-level spicy, but it was so spicy that I had a difficult time eating it. The flavor was exactly like a very spicy ketchup, which I also did not expect. I expected something more buttery(?) and though tomato-flavored, not like a spicy/sweet ketchup...Finally, I bit into one of the paneer slices towards the middle of my meal and pulled out a short hair, which made me lose my appetite. I've seen this happen enough with restaurant food that I'm not all that upset about it (at least it's something I can fathom falling in while someone is cooking the food), but finding it cooked into the cheese as opposed to just floating around somewhere in the sauce put me off? (picture attached)
This is one of the best Indian restaurants in the area. We got the paneer tikka appetizer, malai kofta and chicken tikka as well as vegetable biryani. It was the best malai kofta I've ever had!! I definitely recommend everyone try it out. It's BYOB FYI.
The food wasn't fresh and I had to throw it out. The owner was uncompromising and didn't seem concerned about the poor quality food that was delivered.
Don't let the size and casual feel of Spice Mantra fool you - this place is worth visiting and checking out their flavorful dishes. It's definitely my new go-to Indian spot in the area. I went with a group of 3 on Sunday evening for dinner. Street parking was surprisingly easy to find - not sure if we were lucky, or if it was the date/time or if it's just that area; but, I always feel like finding parking in Englewood is such a struggle, so that was a pleasant start. We were immediately seated with no wait and a server came over right away to hand us the menus, serve us drinks and offer any help. Right off the bat, it was clear that we would be well taken care of.I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala ($12), which came with plenty of rice and we also ordered Garlic Naan ($3) to share for the table. It was so tasty, and the others in my party agreed. The menu is HUGE and I look forward to exploring the rest of the items. At the end of the meal we also got a rice pudding dessert and it was SO DELICIOUS. I'd definitely go back just to get another one of those. + Bottom line: Food, service and prices are all reasons to come here+ Would be great for a casual dinner with friends or family
The food is very good.  They were quite busy with take out and deliveries.  Very clean.  Only problem was their bathroom.  It was disgusting.  No soap and no paper towels.  The only half roll of toilet paper was WET!
Let me just say that I've never written a yelp review before, but this place was so good that I felt I had to. My family and I decided to go here on a whim when we saw it just opened and had good reviews.We ordered chicken tikka masala, chicken vindaloo and dal makhani with a side of plain naan. We also got the Punjab samosas as an appetizer. And everything was absolutely delicious. We're so happy with this place and can't wait to go back again. Spice is very reasonably priced and you get a lot of food for what you're paying.The management was so welcoming and kind and we loved the atmosphere of the place. I can't say enough good things about this restaurant!
The food is amazing! They still have some kinks to work out between waiter service and order delivery. They really should have another guy manning the phones. But what a sweet little gem in the middle of Englewood. It is so difficult to find good Indian food on this side of the river in Bergen County. And this place hits it out of the park! I cannot recommend it enough. This spot has had many different restaurants, and I so very much hope that Spice Mantra will last!
Best food ever had. We were group of 6 ppl & we were really hungry & best part is chicken tikka masala, lamb vindaloo & mango lassi is delicious highly recommended. Definitely come again
This is a decent, new, Indian restaurant in Englewood. Considering the closest good Indian place is all the way in Teaneck, I think these guys have a good opportunity here. The menu has some unique items and the staff was really trying hard. However, I asked for my food spicey (which they acknowledged) and it was some of the most bland Indian food I've had in a long time. Overall, this place is still not good as my favorite spot in Teaneck but I think they have potential.
Omg!!!I was so happy to see that this place was coming to town.Well,they opened last Sunday.Tonight I had the opportunity to give them a try.The space is clean and beautiful.Peaceful even.Since its just me,I decided to do takeout.I chose the chicken biryani and a couple of Punjabi samosa.I got home to find that they even packed 2 plastic plates!!!The food.The biryani was spectacular!Very well flavored and a generous helping.The samosa was some of the best I've ever had.I am so glad I have this place in the neighborhood and will be going back often!
I personally am a big foodie and have tried a big chunk of indian restaurants in new jersey .I would say Spice Mantra is one of the best one so far .I love to cook indian food myself ,so I am very picky when I eat it outside .Every dish we tried was very flavorful .They also deliver which is amazing .I personally love the aloo tikki,kabab platter and their lamb curry was phenomenal .We also tried the lamb and chicken Biriyani and both were amazing and very very flavorful .I live in jersey city and even though it's 30 mins away from me ,I still made a trip twice within  two weeks just for the quality and taste of the food .
I crave this restuarant's food so often... Everything I've had has been delicious.  I regularly get the chicken tikka masala, naan, pakoras, chicken samosas, chicken tikka salad, mango lassi and chicken vindaloo.  I recommend any and all of it.  The chicken vindaloo is SUPER hot, just as it should be.  HIghly recommend.
My family was SO EXCITED when we discovered Spice Mantra last winter.  We had been searching for a nearby place with delicious and reasonably priced Indian food and while Englewood is still a 20 min trek for us, we thought that we found exactly what we'd been looking for at Spice Mantra.  The restaurant quickly became a regular in our dinner rotation...  until tonight.  I placed our usual order of goat with Spice Mantra curry, Palak Paneer, Mattar Paneer and naan online for pick up (which i'd done once in the past with no issues).  My parents picked up our order around 20 minutes later and were on their way home when they realized that the restaurant gave them the wrong order (instead of goat, it was chicken).  Simultaneously, the restaurant realized the error and called me to ask to bring the food back.  When my parents arrived back at the restaurant, they returned the order they were given, but our goat still wasn't ready and they had to wait even longer.  By the time my parents came home with dinner, it had already been over an hour and a half since I originally placed the order and we were all starving.  However, our hunger was quickly replaced with major disappointment when we opened the containers.  The goat that we had waited so long for only consisted of three meager pieces, all of which were big chunks of bones with only slivers of meat.  For $14, we expected more than three pieces of bones (especially after they screwed up our order).  The Palak Paneer did not even resemble the usual chunky spinach deliciousness we were used to from past visits.  Instead, it was a disgusting pureed green mess - the texture was soupy and grainy.  We didn't even bother trying the Mattar Paneer.  As if the goat and Palak Paneer disasters weren't enough, one of the containers of rice was substantially less than the other two.  We called the restaurant to voice our disappointment and were told that there was a new cook and they were extremely busy tonight as if those were adequate excuses.  While Ali offered to have new orders brought to us, he said they wouldn't be able to deliver it to our home for another hour and a half.  At this point, we were done with trying to salvage the dinner and we just wanted a refund so back in the car we went for the 20 min drive back to the restaurant to return the food and retrieve our money.  Sadly, tonight's experience was enough to make it the last time that we go to Spice Mantra...I guess the search is back on for a great Indian restaurant nearby.
Was delighted to try this restaurant and couldn't have tasted better indian food in New Jersey! This place had a great vibe and the food was just mouthwateringly delicious! We tried the biryani, chicken and goat curry along with the assorted kebabs for appetizer. Everything was eaten up and not a piece was left! Highly recommend this place, great service, great food, great location!
The food was Amazing at a fair price, Waiters are a bit unattentive but its a small restaurant so just holler.  I will be back!
Ordered Dinner from this place after staying away from Indian food due to dissatisfaction with namaste and kinase in Edgewater. This place beat their act 10x over. Amazing, amazing, flavor and the Vindaloo was some of the best I've had. I highly recommend this place.
Very good food, cozy little place and a nice decoration. I ordered two dishes through the phone, they didn't one of the dishes I asked for, they made something different and didn't charge for the meal that they didn't have, I didn't have to wait any longer, they had it ready. I'm very satisfied with the quality of the food as well as the customer treatment I got. I definitely recommend this place.
I've never had Indian food until my coworker ordered delivery from here and shared me some of her food. Normally I don't like to make reviews until the second try but what she ordered was so good I just had to write about it! She got a dish with yellow sauce, peas, and a cheese that resembled tofu with a side of white long grain rice. Since it was my first time, I got a bad impression by the strong curry smell but I was wrong about my initial thought. The taste wasn't overwhelming at all, in fact, it was amazing! It had a flavorful kick to it, the cheese was the perfect texture and the peas complimented it so well. I loved it so much I would definitely go there to sit down and try more items on the menu.
Go to Spice Mantra if your mantra in life is HUNGRY FOR DOG FOOD (no offense Alpo).  Really.  Really?  No, really.  Could it possibly be THIS BAD?  As a To Go Order, I didn't go anywhere, with what turned out to be food that tasted, looked, and smelled as bad as dog food.  First, it took 11 minutes to place my To Go Order.  Why?!?  Why would pushing buttons on a computer screen take 11 minutes?  It was RICE, SPRITE, and NAAN, man!  Then, the actual food - a chicken / rice entree - looked nothing like the picture; OK, so it wouldn't win any Indian Food Beauty Contest, but it tasted OK at least, right? WRONG!  And...it took 30+ minutes to make, with the kitchen packed with young, inexperienced cooks, including a dude that came out (Bluetooth in ear) to say, "Heyyyy, what's happening?"  My food, is THAT what's happening?  I'm HUNGRY, and I'm about to eat that old couple who (if I had eaten them) would've been fresher and taster than Spice Mantra's "food"!  I did get an apology, and free Mango Lassi, which sadly was spoiled.  Also, my order didn't come with the special sauce I ordered.  Oh, well, $20 bucks straight to the garbage can.
This place opened up not too long ago right by my job and they have a very frugal lunch special. their menu is pretty extensive with many options, more than any other local Indian cuisine in the area. would definitely recommend for takeout. i have never sat down to eat (so i cant comment on table  service) , but have ordered it for lunch on many occasions and the food is great!
The food is here so good. Its really fresh and has amazing flavor. Order the Chicken Tandoori Wings for apps and the black lentils for entree. Will def come back again
Okay where do i begin. Disappointed about this place since was looking forward to a good Indian spot in this area. Unfortunately, i have to say that whomever gave this place a preferable rating/review don't know what good Indian food is because out of all the cuisines Indian cannot be flavorless. Im sure that if this place was in a booming Desi neighbhorhood like Jackson Heights, Jersey City or Brooklyn than it would not last long. The big pro here is price though.
My fiance and I went here for date night. It is a byob. Food was excellent and the price was great. You get a ton of food for a low price. We are definitely going back!
This place is amazing! My co-workers and I order from here quite often and it is a real team-pleaser!
Eek me thinks not with this place. Food was cold, service is hard to understand. I ordered some dish and it came out with a hair on it. I don't get it. Never again.
I have not written any reviews of any restaurants but I must write one for this place. I love I Dian food and have been to many places in both Manhattan and all over northern NJ. The decor is nothing to write home about as it is more of a takeout place than sit down, but I have done both as I live nearby. It's by far the best tasting Indian food I Ave ever had especially my favorite chicken ticki masala and naan In addition the prices are great !
On a Friday evening we tried Spice Mantra on Main Street in Englewood, NJ.  Overall we were very happy with our experience.  We were greeted by friendly staff and seated immediately.  The place was clean and featured classic Indian decor with modern touches.  Our appetizers were samosas and a house salad.  The appetizer portion sizes were small but satisfying.  The tamarind chutney was perfectly flavored and the mint chutney was unique with a crème base, as opposed to the usual water based one we find in other Indian restaurants.We ordered the Spice Mantra curry with Lamb and the Dal Makhrani with garlic naan and rice.  The house curry was exceptional in taste!  The ingredients were fresh and the spices were beautifully cooked.  The naan was light and fluffy.On a side note, I was getting over a slight cold and coughing.  The host very thoughtfully brought me a chai masala tea to calm my throat.  These extra little touches are very much appreciated.After our main courses, we ordered Malai Kulfi.  I tried this years ago at the Taj hotel in Bangalore and immediately fell in love with it.  At Spice Mantra, the malai kulfi is good but it could be better if it was homemade.  The host very kindly cut it and served it in a bowl instead of serving it in the form of a popsicle.  A very sweet gesture.The prices were very reasonable and we were pleased at the efficiency of our service.  We highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a great Indian dining experience this town.  You will not be disappointed.
Food is good.  My second time ordering took over 2 hours.  I never got a call from the restaurant to explain about the delay.  I will never order from any place takes over 2 Hours.
Their tikka masala is awesome, however their portions are lacking. I still give it 5 stars because of flavor.
I dined on January 8th for my birthday. The food tasted good. I will give it that. However, three friends and I ended up with food poisoning and another broke out in hives. They did not wash the equipment used for my mango smoothie when they made her food. (She's allergic to mangoes.) Bathroom was also freezing. My friend took a photo of icicles hanging from the sink faucet. Dine here at your own risk.
Damn! The food here is amazing! Had the vegetable fritters, chana saag, spice mantra curry with lamb, and aloo gobi and it was all so so good. It felt like home cooking. So flavorful, carefully spiced and cooked, the rice was nutty and delicate, the garlic naan was crunchy and light. Ambiance is very no frills, but don't take a date here anyway because you'll embarrass yourself by how quickly you're shoveling food into your mouth. Yum! Yum.
I've never been to the actual place but we order grub hub from this place and it's freekin' delicious. Speedy delivery, the naan is amazing. Spicy vindaloo. Love this place, now I'm getting hungry.
For starters, I LOVE Indian food and I was not disappointed when I ordered from here. My mother and I ordered delivery from here based on a recommendation. We both had chicken tikka masala with basmati rice. The delivery came within around 20 minutes which isn't bad given the fact that I ordered at around 8pm. A common issue that I find with chicken tikka masala is that there's a ton of sauce and hardly any chicken. Spice mantra had huge chunks of chicken with a nice amount of sauce to compliment the rice which was right up my alley.  They also gave us a free dessert which appeared to be rice pudding. It had a spice/flavor within it that I couldn't identify with rice puddings that I've had before but regardless, I enjoyed my meal.  Over all I highly recommend this place. I plan to try the chicken samosa and paneer palak next!
Ordered delivery via Yelp and waited 2 hours for no food. Probably better for dining in since they will have to give you food or water at some point...
I just love, love, love this place! I'm so glad now between kinaras and Spice Mantra, I now have 2 favorite Indian restaurants close by! The chicken tiki masala and the rice biryani are sooo deliciously flavorful and probably the best rice dish I've ever had. So glad I found this place!
The food here is delicious, and the service is very good. Last time I ate there I got some special dessert with my lunch with ground cashews that was fantastic.
Solid cuisine and nice central location with tables outside in the warmer seasons.  Lunch special Is a real bargain and they really give lots of food!  Clean location, definitely one of my favorite lunch spots.
BEST Indian food in the Tri-State Area. The chicken and rice dish was amazing. It was perfectly seasoned and every bite was magical. Will be ordering again soon.
Yummy...yummy....yummy. On point with the flavors, I've had the lamb vindaloo and the lamb spice mantra and both were soooooooo good. Their vegetarian samosas were tasty and absolutely perfect. I would recommend this place if you love Indian food or if you'd like to try something new. On point!!!!!
Excellent food! so exciting to have great authentic Indian food in Englewood.  Can't wait to go back.
My best friend and I decided to check this place out based on a recommendation from another friend. Everything we had was delicious!!! We ordered fried fish and chicken and samosa for appetizers. The dishes were very flavorful with AND without the dipping sauces provided. For our main course we shared palak paneer and chicken tikka masala. Everything had a beautiful balance of flavors. To top it off the owner was extremely friendly and appreciative of our patronage (he let us have a dessert on the house). I'll definitely be going back and recommend it to others. The Englewood area has lacked good and affordable Indian food for some time. Not anymore!
Excellent food! Got takeout chicken trays for a party and it was a hit. I'll be ordering again from them!
They have the best chicken biryani in New Jersey. The quality of the food is really good.
A tiny place with delicious Indian food. Their biryanis are super, with just the right ratios of rice and meat. Don't forget to ask for extra mint chutney on the side!
I ordered with yelp eat, and the food came after 1 1/2 hours, barely warm and the goat kurma was sitting in oil. The saag paneer had so many leafy spices, that I chewed on them instead of tasting the spinach. I eat Indian food all the time, and honestly don't understand the positive reviews. Not even the mango lassi is good. I spent $40 on food that I will for the most part throw away. Really disappointed.
We are true Indian restaurant snobs. Being north Indian, going to a restaurant vs. making our own is really never outweighed.  We only go to one Indian restaurant in garden city, NY. There has not been a single Indian restaurant that compares until now!!! best Indian food in bergen county. They do run on the spicy side but great taste and quality. So happy for this great delivery find with friendly delivery guys. Looking forward to eating in and meeting the owners, chef, and staff.
This place is so tasty AND affordable. Their lunch option is amazing, it even includes a small dessert. Definitely coming back here as a regular.
first, I want to express my sincere appreciation for this restaurant serving thee best indian food in Bergen county at an affordable price!!! of late, ive had to travel to Philadelphia to go to my college joint in order to get food of this quality and cost so I am eternally thankful for saving me gas, time and money in my effort to get yummy indian food. first, the cooks are actually Pakistani which is fine but always something I find interesting to ask whenever I go to indian restaurants. not that it makes a difference in the food quality but I just like to ask... anywho, the actual space has been home to Thai and soul/Caribbean establishments over the last few years and I just hope and pray that spice mantra is here to stay. because of what I assume is a frequent turnover of ownership due to high rent, the décor is a little lax and the seating isn't all that comfortable. I appreciated the byob status for alcoholic beverages and there is a good wine store and shoprite liquor store around the corner. because the eatery is located on a major street, parking can be a bit of an issue but there is parking usually on the actual street or around the corner in the lot. now the food....o em geeeeee!!! spicy flagrant yummy mc yumm!!! we had the tikka masala, tandoori chicken and chic pea vegetarian dish. all were spicy enough but not overwhelming but the texture of the dishes was amazing, the yogurt basis of the tikka masala is absolutely to die for and made me really want to take a cup of the sauce home and spread it over everything. (which I actually did with my leftovers...judge away!!) so glad to have good Indian food that is untouched by rabbinical standards in my neck of the woods.
This is a new spot opened up in the Englewood area and tonight was my first time trying their food. I placed an order for delivery and it came in a timely manner even though they said it will take much longer. I appreciated that it was much faster than I was told. I ordered the chicken tikka which came with rice and I also ordered naan. The minimum was $20 for delivery so I also ordered one of their dessert gulab-jamun. The food was really good, the rice was well cooked and flavored in their spices and the chicken tikka well, I personally would have liked it to be a bit spicy because it wasn't but nevertheless everything was great. The naan was soft and fluffy and went well with the chicken. The dessert was also tasty and not too sweet. Overall for my first time ordering, it was a great dine at home experience with great food. Will definitely be ordering again.
Very good food and good service. We started with chicken Kabab appetizers. The chicken was marinated well and the kababs melt in your mouth. The yellow dal tarka and malai kofta is a must try and the chicken biryani tastes just how it was made back home. Definitely going back!
I don't usually eat Indian food. I have a pretty picky palate. But I've already been here three times and let everyone at my job know how great the food is. The chicken Marsala is delicious and the naan bread is really yummy. I love it! My friends and I are ordering from here this week!
We just tried the restaurant and we're definitely going back soon.  Everything was so well prepared and spices were exactly as described.The Pakoras and chicken dishes were perfect and yummy (dishes garnished with fresh greens); breads excellent as well.  Oh, desserts ditto.  It's not a large place so takeout/delivery may be one way to go.  But definitely try it (BYO).
This is a hidden jewel right in my backyard, Englewood! Great food,great price & great service...I will be back.
Great flavors, addicted to this place, come here a few times a week. Anything I get is always perfect. Quality and taste are always consistent. Highly recommend!
I'm very pleased to say it was an excellent experience. Great food with great service. BYOB!!!
Tried this place last weekend. The food was first rate! One suggestion would be to dim the lights, as it was much too bright for dinner.
Wish I could leave a review on the food. After placing an online order at 4:50pm, I received a call from the restaurant at 6pm stating it would take them another hour to deliver the food. A 2 hour wait for food?! No thanks! Plus, when I checked Google maps, the estimated time was 30 minutes door to door. So I'm guessing that they never even cooked the food I ordered.
Great place for an Indian cuisine. Food is delicious! Friendly staff. Clean place. Pricing is reasonable. Lunch special is great value! Fast service, too. Keep up the good work for I'll come back for more.
If I were to base this review just on the food, I would give this place 4 stars. I loved my lamb tikka masala and the rice that came with it was delicious. The sauce was flavorful with the perfect amount of spice. I also recommend the butter naan because it's really fluffy and has a excellent bite/chew to it. Now... the disappointing part is the service. Everyone here seems nice. The hostess that seated us was very kind and welcoming. However I noticed two major flaws of the restaurant: very very very slow service and unsanitary practice by one of the workers. There were only three tables including mine and it took almost 1 hour for the food to come out. When I usually have to wait that long, restaurants have their servers go around the table letting them know that their food is taking a while. Hopefully management will work with the kitchen staff to limit the waiting time because this is a nice addition to our small town. I will be back to try more of their dishes in the near future.
I was waiting for a good Indian Restaurant close to my house.  Spice Mantra delivers. It offers awesome food and great service.  My husband who rarely eats Indian food loves this place. He has ordered take-out twice and surprised me.  It's worth a visit.
I never post reviews, but we enjoyed it so much I had to. We had Dal Makhani and the Tandoori Chicken entrées and it hit the spot. Flavorful, fresh, authentic, and not greasy. Wonderful service. You can smell how good it is from a block away!
Been there a few times already since it opened. I have to say so far they have maintained the level of taste and service to keep me coming back. I love the biryani, it's delicious. Keep up the good work guys.
I have been to this restaurant twice- once for lunch and once for dinner. Both times the experiences have been beyond good- the food was fresh, made to order and true Indian flavors and spices. The owners truly show a high level of customer service- caring about their diners and making sure that their dishes are what they want. I would definitely recommend this place if you want quality Indian food and excellent service.
