Okay, I Loovvveee Indian food especially anything saag.  So I was in the mood and ordered.  If I was right down the vlock from the restaurant I would return my chicken saag in person!!  It looked like they took every left over chicken saag they had, put it all together in a pot and made my order!! I was mortified! What hapened to beautiful spinixh stew with chunks of chicken?  But I still tried and it taste like it looked, dry, no flavor and just blah!! Im only giving them one star  because the delivery was quick.  Dont do it to yourself, choose another place.
Loved the food. If dinned in would sneak some nips in do could have a cocktail but food was good. Ambiance on dine in not so much but if in good co and/or hungry you don't mind so much. I was both. Lol. Ok Indian Food in Harlem.
There are few things more disappointing than mediocre Indian food.  Sadly, the food here is barely passable. I have had the pleasure of enjoying excellent Indian fare in the past so perhaps I'm a bit hypercritical. But their breads were tasteless and their Chicken Tika Masala was thin, oddly sweet and the chicken pieces were dry. The Murg Madras was okay but under seasoned. I really wanted to like this place as its close to where I live. But, it appears that my search for good Indian food uptown will have to continue.
I am disgusted! So I've been a regular here for a while, ordering online. In the past 4 months I've ordered here 6 times and have had no problem...until now. I ordered a meal for1 between the hours 9-10pm for delivery and it never showed. No one rung me, buzzed my apt, nothing at all. So I went in to the restaurant  and the guy working at the time continued to argue with me saying I was wrong, they did ring my cell, the buzzer wasn't working (which it does), continued to believe he was right. I showed him my phone that shows NO ONE rung me that night. He refused to be polite and show a bit of respect for him AND the restaurant he works for. He didn't apologize, offer to make a new order for the inconvenience, or anything out of a good nature. I'm getting a full refund and I will take my business elsewhere and I hope you all do the same. No time for a rude business getting my money.
My friends and I order delivery from this location, and it's amazing every time. The Maharaja Specials (you may have to scroll to find it) give you a LOT of food. For $15, you get some dish over rice, a bunch of naan, and samosas delivered to your door. AMAZING. What a time to be alive. All of the chicken dishes come with huge chunks of breast meat -- it's really hard to go wrong. My favorites are the Chicken Saag (has chopped up spinach!) and Tandoori Chicken. Don't get the Chili Chicken if you want curry: it's just some stir-fried chicken and peppers -- almost like a Chinese dish.
Delivery was right on time. I ordered the House Special Chicken Curry (Spicy) unfortunately that is all I tasted. It lacked flavor if you know what I mean, all you could taste was the spice. Naan wasn't up to par either! Maybe I ordered the wrong thing will give it another shot and update!
I like about half a mile away. My food always arrives after like 20 Minutes. I just ordered the Chicken Saag and it's sooo good. I now have a new to restaurant and dish for delivery.
This place is my go-to for Indian food. Love the Palak Paneer, Navratan Korma, and garlic naan. Consistently delicious, affordable, speedy delivery. A+, Maharaja Palace.
I have ordered twice from them so far. I always get the maharaja dinner special because the price makes it so worth it! The special comes with a choice of an appetizer and entree, as well as a side order of naan. Both occasions I ordered an extra side of naan because I was unaware that the special already came with one. Both occasions they didn't provide me with any utensils or napkins, which made me knock off a star. I recommend reminding them to provide some in the future. I ordered the chicken tiki masala on both occasions and have enjoyed the flavor.
Yum! My boyfriend and I order takeout Indian here - it's our go-to! It always comes on time or earlier. We have only tried vegetarian dishes - the kaali daal and chickpea masala are spot on. However, we could do without the methi matar malai, but it was still very flavorful.
Excellent tikka prawn masala! Loved it with the cheese naan. I ate every bit. Ambiance was nice although the restaurant was quiet (Tuesday night). Will definitely return!!
I trusted these stellar reviews and ordered delivery from here. If you're reading this and considering doing the same -- don't, just don't.Good garlic naan. Everything else was a greasy, soggy, tasteless, sloppy mess.
Ok, so, someone needs to set the record straight here.My girlfriend and I have been going to Maharaja Palace for close to TWO YEARS now.  Literally, the move is, go to Harlem Winery on 116th, bring the wine to Maharaja, order delicious food, drink the wine while eating delicious food, leave stuffed and happy, walk up to the Magic Johnson theater on 125th, watch a movie, go home....I won't tell you what happens after that.  Literally, the same pattern, every weekend, for the past two years.We keep going back because the service and food are both amazing.  Nowhere else in New York do I receive the love and attention that I receive when I go to Maharaja.  It is true, the quality of the food does occasionally vary.  I'm not entirely sure, but I think they switch up the chefs from time to time.  I also know Maharaja people move around to new locations like the one on Amsterdam.  Sometimes the chicken tikka masala is unreal, sometimes its not as stellar.Sometimes I get an entire lamb in my lamb biryani, sometimes not as much.  But the experience of the meal is always amazing.And when the food IS on point, its on point, like literally the best food I have ever eaten in my entire life, like, I'll be full, but I won't stop eating because the taste is so so so so good.I've only ordered take out and delivery a couple of times, both were fine.  Sorry that Cali J didn't get her food on time on a random Wednesday night.  Sorry Mariantha got some extra spices in her veggie biryani.  But this is a wonderful establishment.  Maharaja Palace is my favorite place to eat in the entire city.  #Maharaja4Lyfe
This place was not as expected at all...only their tawa panneer appetizer was good as a veg dish and goat buna was good rest of the dishes were not upto the mark at all..
I can only assume that the people who have written such great responses have never eaten Indian food!!!!  This is by far the very worst Indian food I have ever eaten in my life!!!  I've been enjoying Indian food for the past 20 years!!!  There is nothing good that I can say about the entire visit!!From the Mango lassi, that was too sweet and syrupy to the bland chicken tikka masla to  the extremely overly spiced vegetable birani. The meal was a flop!!!  When the establishment was notified nothing was offered or done!!!  No apologies or deduction in the fee.....I was completely amazed by such poor business acumen!!!I wholeheartedly recommend that no one should attempt to eat here.....there are many wonderful Indian restaurants on spice row in Manhattan, please go there!!!  I can't even give them half a star!!!  Just completely sad!!!!!Mariantha H.
This is a real gem. The food is excellent, very fresh, well seasoned. The chef seems to take his/her time to delicately prepare each appetizer and entree. The chicken pakora was divine - not your typical fried dish with grease -this was fried perfectly, you could taste the chickpeas and other spices in the crispy batter, no grease, and the chicken within was cooked perfectly.Saag Gosht - lamb in a spinach purée with fresh ginger. Very tasty! Lamb was very tender. Lamb Xaccutti - lamb in coconut curry sauce. Normally I find that dishes cooked in coconut and curry are too cloying for my palate. Not so with this dish. There was a delicate balance between the coconut and curry leaves. Not heavy, a light and spicy stew. Very delicious. We ordered the lemon rice to accompany the lamb. It was good, but I couldn't really taste the lemon, but perhaps it was overwhelmed by the lamb dishes. I should have tasted the rice on it's own before I tasted the lamb.The naan with cheese was yummy.The chairs are very comfortable, I should have asked why type of wood they are made from, the grain was beautiful and interesting.
Super yum! Chana masala was tasty and lighter than other places I've gotten it (in this case a good thing) and took a chance on tandoori veg, which was a tangy, tart, and delicious combo. They deliver with a smile and are very nice, with tasty rice accompanying the dishes.
102 reviews and 4 Stars?! Do you guys know Indian food or nah?! I trusted you guys! Lol but seriously I ordered the chicken tikka masala spicy and there was HARDLY a kick to it. I also ordered garlic naan but didn't taste a hint of garlic. Hmm... The food here is average and if your taste buds are advanced when it comes to authentic Indian food you will be disappointed. Delivery was extremely speedy however and for that they get an extra star.
HUGE Lack of customer service chicken tikka masala was extremely bland mango lassi overly sweetOverall horrible experience , didn't even bother to eat the food , manager did nothing to accommodate us.So sad because because it near my home.WILL NEVER GO BACK
First, they were rude on the phone. Delivery took 55 mins on a Weds, a few blocks away (10 mins longer than they said). Next, delivery guy was rude. For $18.40, the Chicken Tiki Masala had less the 1 1/3 cups of chicken (plus rice and naan). Ridiculous. That's the cost of an entire chicken. Maybe again if I'm desperate.The food:Tikka Masala was bland and sweet.Naan had a weird texture and was sweet, not good.The worst part - barely any chicken! Certainly not 13.95 worth! This is Harlem, not lower Manhattan.
Don't get me wrong -- the food is good and I'm thankful to have a quality Indian restaurant in my neighborhood. I have ordered lunch delivery quite a few times, from both the Amsterdam and Frederick Douglass locations. I think that the lunch specials are a great value, and I really do love the food. But the dinner take-out that I ordered last night seemed, well, wrong. There were literally 8 pieces of chicken in my order of Chicken Tikka Masala, and about 9 pieces of lamb in my Lamb Pasanda. There was, to me, a laughable amount of sauce in each of the take-out containers, which really disguised the fact that there was so little meat in each of them. My serving spoon and I had to search for meat, and I felt I barely received any more meat than I do when I order lunch specials, but it costs $5 more than the lunch special. That's just not ok to me, and not a great  value.While there isn't anything wrong with the quality of food, I will no longer be frequenting or ordering from this place for dinner, as I feel I could spend the same amount of money at a comparable restaurant and get way more for my money.
Pros: (+) Delivery is FAST! (+) Delivery guy was nice(+) Food was super HOT when deliveredCons:(-) Requested forks & spoons with my delivery. Didn't receive any. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I made my order via GrubHub and was pleasantly surprised how quick my order came. GrubHub said my order would arrive approx 45 min to an hour, but they arrived less than 30 minutes. Not only was it a speedy delivery, but the food was HOT once received. So that's a plus already in my book. It's always a bummer to receive delivered food that's cold or barely warm.I ordered the tikka masala which was pretty good and satisfied my cravings. Since I have yet to dine in, I can only give my review based on my delivery experience. But I am looking forward to checking this place out in the future.
I placed an order for carryout about an hour ahead of time, and it was ready to go when I got to the restaurant. I ordered the palak paneer, which was delicious. I would definitely go back for my next Indian take-out craving!
I really enjoy this place mostly for their Maharaja Special. You can get an entree, a bread, and an appetizer for only $16. THIS IS A STEAL, especially if you're used to exorbitant NY prices. My most frequent order is: chicken tikka masala, with garlic naan/roti, and a chicken samosa. The samosas come in orders of 2, in case you need more than just one. I often forget this and am then left with multiple meals samosa (not that I'm complaining!) The garlic naan is fresh, doughy and thick, and delicious. The roti is also very good, though much more plain by its nature. The chicken tikka masala often has a good bit of chicken, though the tenderness of the chicken is variable. The chicken samosa is a bit dry, but if you douse it in chutneys it is really quite good. I have friends who like the chicken samosa by itself, and I personally prefer much more chutneys / salsas in general, but I would say it's delicious no matter what. They are pretty accommodating as well with requests as I often ask for additional chutneys and get them at no additional cost. The delivery time is about accurate to the GrubHub/delivery estimates.
I am so glad this place delivers to our neighborhood! We can finally get Indian delivered again!The food is actually decent. WAY better than Ajanta, the next closest option. We've never gotten anything bad here, and we've tried a number of things. Vegetable samosas, garlic naan, mango lassis, palak paneer, chicken tikka masala, navratan korma...And delivery has always been fine. Thank you Maharaja Palace!
High quality Indian food. Much too noisy to eat in, so order delivery. Always get pappadum, raita, and extra rice and you can get at least one extra meal out of all that sauce.Take note, they have some regional influences on the style of sauces, so you would be well advised to ask questions about flavors before you order because their idea of "tomato sauce" is not like Italian or Mexican food. It could contain sugar and cinnamon. Ask!Highlights: lemon rice and all the rices actually, location, pleasant service,  pappadum, green mint cilantro sauce (not hot), raita, aloo gobi Jeera, and chicken tikka masala.Lowlights: too noisy too converse (they need to add textiles to the space to buffer sound), sweet brown raisin sauce, paneer kulcha (get onion instead), the prawns tandoori masala (6 nontasty jumbo shrimp swimming in an ocean of sugary tomato paste), and  prices ARE just a squidge too high
Consistently delicious Indian Food! Every time its gets better and better. the Lamb Tikka Masala, the Shrimp Bhuna, the Chicken Vindaloo., Yum!! The decor isn't the best but the food makes up for it. Go!
If speed and quality were separate, I would give Maharaja Palace all 5 stars. Yes, having to wait over an hour for delivery does impact the ratings.But let's talk about that food, though. Delicious! It was my first time eating there and I loved it so much, I am writing my first review on Yelp! Yeah, that good. Word to the wise: don't show off and order the spiciest dish if you can't really handle spice. I thought I could and I paid for it. Get the medium spice level. That way you get the zing of spice and still able to really taste and enjoy the flavor of what you are eating and not just, well, pepper. Want a nice portion for under $20? Buy from the Maharaja specialties. In conclusion. If you are starving and you only have 40 minutes to eat unless you die, order from someplace else. If you don't mind waiting, you can get a really delicious meal for around $15. When they say really spicy, they really mean really really really spicy.
A-mazing Indian food!  We ordered delivery via seamless, it took a little while to come, but it was sooooo worth it.  We had two chicken dishes and two veggie dishes and garlic Naan.  Forgive me for not knowing what the names were, don't have a menu handy to look at.  I am sure anything you try will be great.  Just one question, can you deliver to Southern California?  LOL
The vegeterian samosa was the best part of my meal. However, I found that the chicken tikka masala lacked vibrant flavor. The garlic naan was not memorable.
Used to love this place, the food is not bad. Unfortunately what you pay for is not what you will get. I have ordered a lamb vindaloo more than 3 or 4 times and we usually don't get much lamb, there is a lot of sause and some potatoes. Last time  we ordered I called them to let them know that there was not much lamb in the dish and what I got for an answer was that "lamb is too expensive". WHAT??? Really, I had just pay over 50 dollars for delivery and their answer was that if I got more potatoes is because the dish supposed to be like that because again "lamb is too expensive"This place has a terrible customer service even for delivery
Easily the WORST Indian food I've ever eaten.  I didn't think it was possible to have dry chicken tikka masala. The whole thing is drenched in sauce! They don't have a liquor license, which is laughable. The air conditioning doesn't work well, making the whole place humid (I don't need my dining experience to reflect the climate of the foods country of origin). I spent the better part of my meal staring at what appeared to be a roach on the opposite wall. The place isn't well lit and it feels dirty. There are hundreds of restaurants in this neighborhood. Go anywhere else. Literally anywhere... Including Texas burgers and chicken just a block away. And if you want good Indian food, go to Murray Hill.
This place is fantastic!My wife and I were looking for something good to eat, when thanks to yelp we found this wonderful flavorful tiny little gem.This restaurant isn't alot to look at, but who needs fancy decor when the food is so good! The lamb korma was RIDICULOUS! The lamb was the best cooked lamb I have ever had at an Indian food restaurant.The vegetable samosas were crispy and bursting with flavor.The best part of this whole experience was the PRICE! It's BYOB so the check doesn't hit your wallet like a ton of bricks.I would have given them 5 stars but the service is why I rated this 4. While the host was extremely friendly the server wasn't quite as eager to please.Even though the service was a little less friendly than we would have liked it to be, we will still go back for seconds.
I went to Maharaja for the second time yesterday, because their chicken tika masala was the best I had ever had in my life! The flavors were so rich and made with more complexity than I thought possible. They were helpful in recommending the special, which included an appetizer, rice and naan for a few extra dollars! I can only speak for the tiki masala, but I assume they do most things well!
Just ordered a lunch for a group of six. Quality Indian food! We are a mix of vegetarians and ardent meat lovers, but we managed to have a wonderful meal!We ordered the chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, okra, kali daal, rice (comes with) and several orders of naan and garlic naan. Given that many of us grew up on real good Indian cooking, it's a testament to maharaja palace's delicious food that we finished feeling very pleased.I would recommend this to anyone in the area and I definitely will go again, hopefully to sit down :)
Hands down my go to Indian food spot. I like Indian food but since this place started delivering on seamless I'm like an Indian food fanatic. Living on the 140s of harlem meant I had everything but good authentic Indian had to go to midtown for my fix but now I'm in love and the super friendly delivery guys means I know my food will be hot and I will be greeting with door front service, a smile, and a warm goodbye and nice to see you. But enough about hat I will get to the food.I have ordered the maharaja special which is a listed entree, naan, and a samosa all for $13! Yup can't beat that especially since the curry comes on a lager container as opposed to the small ones I'm used to from past Indian take out. I've tried the lamb saag, lamb vindaloo (my favorite because I love spicy), chicken tikka masala, and maharaja lamb curry (forget the name) and all are delicious. The garlic naan is delicious, the veggie samosa super flavorful, the meat samosa is meh which is what I've come to expect and the basmati rice is delicious aromatic and the perfect portion! The naan is the best I've ever tasted, always hot, delicious, and soft and flavorful. The only thing I'd warn is that the spicy Indian dishes aren't spicy unless u request in delivery for them to be spicy. I had to let them no to make my lamb vindaloo hot! But aside from that this food will not disappoint. It's filling the deal is spectacular and the lamb is always so tenderly cooked and delectable that  always fiending for another fix. My only experience has been deliver but always pleased with what I get...try maharaja I promise you won't regret it
We found a sharp, 1 cm long, cone-shaped piece of plastic in the palak paneer. Called the restaurant and texted them an image. The manager we spoke to told me that nothing like that is in their facilities, accusing me of making it up so I could have a refund. He also told me plastic has to be black or white, and this particular piece had a green tint (It was in the palak paneer). He was extremely rude. Never ordering from here again.
First, this is my first review of almost anything - and so, my first review of a restaurant.  I have been a loyal customer of Maharaja Palace for over a year.  They have recently changed their delivery policy.  They will not deliver unless an order is at least $15.  My regular order (at least 2-3 times a week) of the chicken tikka masala special is $14.95 plus tax.   I have been told to order a soda, or something else.  I've asked them to include the tax in their consideration of the order, or my loyalty, or good business sense.  I even asked them to charge me 5 cents more.  They first told me ok and then drew back on the decision.   I am writing this to let current and potential customers know that although their food is good, their customer service is so abhorrent that I have not only stopped ordering from them but have also written my first review because of this experience. I hope this is helpful.
My son in law ordered deluvery.  Samosas, korma and a lamb dish...and nan.  It was marvelous.  Only downside was baklava.
I don't know about  other people, but for me it's a very special thing when you move into a new neighborhood and start discovering all your new favorite take out places... This was my first win! We got a lot of the recommended favorites, special chicken curry, palak paneer, aloo gobi, chicken samosas (best I've ever had) and garlic naan. Everything was out of this world delicious. It seemed a little pricier than most Indian joints, but it was worth it and it seems the portions are bigger than normal. Two of us split all of that and we still were both able to enjoy leftovers.  I have a feeling this place is going on speed dial...
Got a gift certificate here from a secret santa at work. Actually turned out to be the best secret santa gift I've received in my five years at my office, easily topping the pricy soap set someone gave me in 2012 which I didn't know whether to take with a smile or as an outright insult. Per the gift certificate, it was only good for pick-up or dine-in. I placed my order ahead of time before walking into the restaurant and it was ready when I got there. When I walked in, I was pleasantly surprised with the soft west-village-like ambiance, which you don't often see in Indian restaurants because they know you'll eat their food whether there's a candle on your table or a rat giving birth. Locale-wise, it's right up the street from Melba's, and definitely has that SoHa Frederick Douglass flare, meaning, mostly white patrons with a few bougie people of color peppered around. I ordered the vegetable samosa (delicious), the chicken vindaloo (delicious), and a piece of garlic nann (by definition, delicious). The chicken vindaloo, in particular, impressed me. In my experience, many Indian restaurants, especially in Harlem, overcook meat to the point where it is dry. Not here. Even sitting in the delicious curry sauce, the chicken was still moist to taste, as moist as the inside of a Wendy's chicken nugget. The food is a bit pricy, but, it's worth every dollar, and actually not a bad second or third date place if you're dating someone who loves Indian food or who is open to trying it. I gave four stars because they skimped me on the rice, which threw off my plans for taking the leftovers for lunch tomorrow. Aside from this glitch, I'll be back for sure.
I was always neutral on Indian food and often enjoyed it, but after ordering here, I crave it! I have an extreme sense of smell and thus taste and I love this food because there are just so many flavors going on! Everything is seasoned very well! I cannot get over the complexity of spices and seasoning, especially for the mixed pickle (drooling just thinking about it). Everything I've ordered here is spectacular! I'm a fan of lamb and the Lamb Xaccutti is superb! The Mulligatawny Soup is delicious too! The only complaint I would have is that they should give you more rice. So far I've been ordering delivery and no complaints there either.
Amazing Indian food. Properly spicy if you ask for it. Much higher grade of meat than most. Everything we've tried has been delicious!
Maharaja Palace is a totally solid Indian restaurant. I actually far prefer the Harlem location to the one in Morningside Heights. Their vegetable entrees are always good, though the quality does vary a bit from time to time (from "alright" to "WOW"). Paneer Makhani is delicious here, as is the Methi Matar Malai (I was a bit skeptical of this dish for whatever reason before I had it, but I was really impressed - it's a very well-composed creamy dish full of peas and methi, which are fenugreek leaves used every so often in Indian cuisine). The next time I go or order from this location, I think I'm going to try the Kadai Paneer; I think my willingness to try new things at this restaurant is a testament to how solid my food has been up to this point. It's the tiniest bit pricey, but again, I definitely think it's worth it.
Stopped here this morning for some breakfast, and was pleasantly surprised. Not an over the top authentic experience, but the food is flavorful. Nothing here that you wouldn't find at a thousand other Indian places. The service was decent, not all that attentive, but pleasant and friendly. The portion sizes are good. Enough food for you to leave satisfied. An overall decent experience.
Been coming to this restaurant for over a year now. This place is great, the service is on point and the food is delicious. The menu is pretty big compared to other Indian restaurants in NYC. The Mango Lassi is delicioso!!!
Very overpriced for just not being that good.  We ordered murg madras and chicken vindaloo and they were very similar.  Our pudina paratha was scorched on one side.
Great food for dining in and delivery.  Their portions are huge, something you can definitely share with a friend.  Solid Mango Lhassi gets my vote.
Malai Kofta and delicious Kheema special!
Just when I thought it was impossible to get anything beyond Chinese and pizza delivered up near 145th and Lenox, I discovered this place - a great delivery option! The portions are huge, so I'll be eating plenty of leftovers this weekend. Even the containers that they put the food in are nice, which makes it easy to pop them back in the fridge for later.The chicken tikka masala and saag paneer are fantastic. Extremely well-seasoned and flavorful. Could have been spicier, but I realize that's a personal preference, so next time I'll ask them to punch up the heat. They threw in extra rice as well as mint and tamarind sauce. Usually when I order from places in this area, it takes over an hour - they were here in 40 minutes, which was pretty fast. Food was a little lukewarm, so I popped it in the microwave. I do wish the minimum for delivery weren't $18.Overall, I am extremely pleased. I will be ordering from here a lot more in the future!
Maharaja is consistently our go to Indian delivery place. Delivery has always been accurate and really fast, which is a huge plus. We usually stick to the basics-- chicken tikka, saag masala, palak paneer, etc. I wish they had a wider array of vegetarian dishes (why no malai kofta??), but in a neighborhood with few reliable delivery options, Maharaja never disappoints. I'm knocking one star off because the prices here are definitely higher than similar places in this hood. Two people ordering will put you up to at least $40. Most meals are pretty big, though, so leftovers!
We have ordered delivery from here a few times. (One of these days, I'd like to eat in their restaurant!) Every time, the Navratan Korma (veggies with an almond cream sauce) is wonderful. The rice is also fairly good. The Chicken Tikka Masala is reliable, as are the veggie samosa. Others have commented that the portions are too small, but I don't feel they are any smaller than your average Indian takeout establishment. Naan is okay; sometimes, it does not travel well for takeout (understandably). Paratha is also okay. The best bread, in my opinion, is the roti. Lastly, the mango lassi and Gulab Jamun are also reliably good.
Atmosphere is a little sterile feeling. They could use more pictures on the walls and some curtains to make the place feel more intimate.We had the vegetable samosa and kebab platter as appetizers. The samosa was crispy and not greasy to be tasty. The kebob appetizer with different types of chicken and sausage with onions and peppers was tender, juicy and flavorful.My husband had the lamb vindaloo. Vindaloo was not just hot but had flavor. The spicy hot did not overwhelm the flavor which is can. The lamb was tenderI had the Murag Chicken. Wow. We both LOVED it. We even mixed this souce with the vindaloo sauce to make a tasty spread for the rice.We also had a poori. Is there any way to mess of poori? Its always tasty to me.We had enough left over to take home for another meal meaning that the portions where more generous than many of the Indian restaurants.The staff was somewhat aloof but attentive when called.Price point was fair.Since this place is close to our apartment, we will order take out from them
I order from this place often. It is really great Indian food! The naan is soft and delicious. The chicken tikka masala and vegetable samosas are my favorite. Take can sometimes take a really long time, but I have never had a problem with the person taking my order over the phone. The wait for delievery gets really long past 6pm but other than that it is worth it.
So happy there is a great Indian restaurant in this part of the city!  Nothing on the West Side compares.Food is delicious.
Tried them again, this time chicken tikka, figuring that I would avoid the bland tomato soup problem if they had to apply the spice directly to the chicken. Nope! Still bland! How? What non-delicious sorcery is this?
Delivery came in about an hour, which was fine. Delivery man was nice as well. My only problem was that my Chicken Tikka Masala was very soupy. It was almost like chicken chunks in tomato soup. I really prefer creamy, thicker sauce, so this just did not do it for me. It was ok, but I probably won't order it again.  Rice and naan were fine. I ordered the pickled vegetables and they were not what I thought they would be. They were so acidic and spicy (like herbs, not hot spicy) that they were almost difficult to eat. I had a few bites and then had to put it down. Would not suggest getting those.
If I could give negative stars, I would.I place my order at 4:41pm, my order arrived at 7:21pm.Everything was cold... Cold bread, cold rice.. Cold entree...Not good...and they did not put any utensils or napkins... Totally unacceptable...I will not order again!  So No Orgasm tonight.... If mama's not happy nobody gonna be happy....
More realistically a 3.5 star good quality, and pushed up to a 4 start because of service (but I went at 530pm and was one of three people there)Naan is alright, feels a little fake or plasticky. The palak paneer is alright too, 7/10. Disclaimer: I'm Indian and I have the best Indian food from my mom back at home. So my standards are high, but appropriately so. Foreigners will enjoy the meal for the most part.
The food was okay  but the worst part was the portion. I ordered take out and when I got home, I was dismayed at the portion (I paid $18- for chicken Tikka masala and mango lassi). I contended with making more rice as I was still hungry (the Tikka masala was decently sized). I have eaten at the restaurant  before and didn't have any issue (although it's not the best Indian food I've had but I wasn't complaining) so their small portions could be exclusive to take out and/or dinner.
My husband and I had dinner here last night. While our meal was good, there was a few issues I would like to point out. First I asked our waiter if he can give me a recommendation because I was stuck between my entrée choice. He says "Well the difference in price. I can clearly see the prices on the menu I responded, I'm talking about flavors. I ended up choosing something else. The second thing is a had to ask what the beverage options were since we were not told or was there a separate drink menu. Third, we were the only people dining in and we felt a little uncomfortable with our waiter lingering around us. There is a difference to check on your customers and lingering around especially as my husband was preparing to pay the check. Even though our meal was good and the service was mediocre I think I will take my business elsewhere next time.
I know, 5 stars is a lot but there is a reason. Given this place is not overly priced, in relation to many other places, it's smokin'! If you compare it to the top Indian joints in the city, it holds up. Is there better? Well probably so but the price would be double.It seems like most of the lower ratings here are complaining about delivery. But the food is prepared carefully and I'm always more than satisfied!Try it, I'm pretty sure you'll be happy!
Food is amazing.  The first time we ordered, we were craving it the next day... so we had to order again.  And the portion sizes are monstrous.  An entree can easily feed 2 people.  Love this place!  I can't say anything about delivery because I have picked up any time that I've ordered... but I think that it's wise to say that you should probably get off your butt and pick it up yourself.
Very good takeout curry! One of the best we have ever had. Good sized portions as well. Highly recommended!!
Great Indian food and friendly service. We came out of our way here for takeout. The yelp reviews were on it!! I like trying new places, but this is one I would keep coming back to. Also great portions for their takeout at descent prices. They also through in a complimentary mango dessert :)) worth the walk...
I really didn't expect much from this place, and it was my last choice for dinner. I was so shocked at how good it was! I ate like a gluttonous, ravenous pig. I'm so full, I can't move and all I would like to do is dip my garlic naan in my chicken tikka masala....Maybe I was just super hungry or maybe I'm just happy to get a decent meal delivered to me in Harlem. I don't know, but I do know that I will order from here again.
We order from this place at least once a week. The quality of Indian food here is terrific!Flavorful, always arrives nice and hot, and when I'm done, I always want MORE!Excellent fresh quality on the vegetables, and the spice level is always just right. In Harlem if you're looking for quality Indian, this is your spot, hands down. We've tried the others, and this one is by far the best. Hence, the 5 star rating.
Our first time here and we ate in. They don't have a liquor license yet, so if you want wine or beer you need to bring your own. We picked up a bottle of wine at the Winery (my fave just a couple of blocks on  corner of 116th an FDB). Service was attentive and the staff was very friendly.The food was wonderful. I have been eating Indian for 20 years and I have to say this is one of, if not the best. Everything was very fresh and cooked perfectly, not overcooked as some Indian can be. Even the Somosa, which is pretty basic, was the best I can remember having. The chicken in the curry dish I had, ( the Murg Madras) was fresh tasting, tender and the spices were sublime. Their use of oil was light and the sauces overall were light and tasty. Hope they can keep the high quality of food as they get busier.
Delivery took less time than I was told it would. Arrived in 45 minutes. (I'm half a mile away). The food far exceeded my expectations for Indian delivery in the neighborhood. This is the best Indian place that delivers heavier Indian food (curries and naan, etc.) to Morningside Heights out of all the places I've tried. Ordered: tandoori paneer tiki, aloo gobi curry, paratha, and raita. It was all spiced well and not "Americanized" in the sense of being under-spiced. It was certainly oily but good curries are supposed to be oily! Good comfort good. The paratha was very good and large. The portions overall were large. Both the tandoori dish and the curry came with rice. This was enough food for two meals for me and my boyfriend. I will definitely order again! This is the perfect heavier Indian food for the colder months of the year. I can definitely imagine this becoming my go-to Indian delivery.
just had a delivery very quick 10 15 minutes  chicken curry very good  just wish the delivery guy had change of 10 bucks for the tip put ill see him right next time definitely a customer
This place just opened around the corner from my apartment, and I'm excited about this addition to the neighborhood!  We went for dinner last night and really enjoyed it.  The food is great and the service is fantastic--all of the staff were extremely nice and friendly.My roommate and I split garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, kaali daal, and she got a mango lassi. We each paid around $20 including tip.
Food is excellent. We have eaten here twice now. We have enjoyed Chicken Tikka which is the best tandoori chicken I've had here in NYC. I've tried the Chicken Tikka Masala - it's very creamy and not very spicy. The server said not to get it spicy because it was "Indian spicy." However, we have tried it both ways spicy and not - it's not spicy at all. The Chana masala is a little bland. My husband LOVED his lamb dishes. Lamb curry and the lamb vindaloo. It's close to home, very reasonably priced and pretty tasty.
I Stumbled on this restaurant on opening night and decided to stop in for dinner. The service was really friendly and attentive and I was surprised at how smooth everything went considering it was their first night of table service. Everything I ordered was delicious.If I had one complaint it would be that the chicken cubes in my dish were too dry.I really wish it was an option to ask for dark meat instead of boring dry breast meat.Welcome to the neighborhood and thank god you're not a soul/pub/bar/french bistro... got enough of those in 'SoHa' thanks.
I love Indian food and usually go down to 6th street for the experience of an authentic indian spot. When Maharaja opened across the street, we decided to try it out. We didn't feel like going out so we go the delivery. It was very impressive. I got the Chicken Korma (creamy and sweet but could've had a little more meat) and my husband got the Chicken Tikka Masala (great) and naan-perfect! Also, the vegetable samosas had the perfect crispy shell with just enough spice inside. We will be ordering from here from know on-no need to go downtown!
A cozy Indian restaurant at Frederick Douglas Boulevard. They serve us complimentary Indian bread with three kinds of dipping sauce. We ordered Mustard Fish (a bit salty),Tandoori Chicken and Naan for our main course. And for our dessert, we had Pistachio & Mango ice cream, Homemade Cheese Pudding and Rice Pudding (a bit too sweet) - Complimentary from the Chef because it's Mother's Day!!!
I bought a coupon for this location and called to get takeout with the coupon information. The guy on the phone tells me they will not accept restaurant.com coupons! I was flabbergasted. Excuse me? I paid for my coupon. He asked me to call restaurant.com to get my money back! Is this legal?
I've lived in NYC for 12 years and I have to say this is my favorite Indian spot so far - and I'm so glad it's in my neighborhood. All of the dishes are perfectly spiced and prepared with care - the protein are great quality - no leftover chicken chunks or tough lamb cubes. I've enjoyed everything I've ordered so far. Delivery always arrives in about 30-40 minutes which is perfect adequate. Dining in is great too - modest space but the waitstaff is very friendly. Even if I moved away from Harlem - I would return to visit this spot.
This Indian food was ON POINT! We had the chicken samosa for appetizer and the dough was obviously from scratch and perfectly flaky. The complimentary papadam and chutneys were also fresh and tasted great! The mango lassi was the best I've had in NY and our entrees were superb. The tandoori chicken was perfectly spiced and moist, and the murg madras was such an interesting and wonderful flavor (coconut and chili based) - I loved it!  We also had the paneer naan (stuffed with cheese and herbs) and it was honestly my favorite item from our meal! The service was super friendly and prompt, and the food is ALL halal for those interested. We will definitely be back, and perhaps try their delivery next time!
Love Maharaja Palace! I am so happy to have good Indian around the corner from me. The lemon rice is delicious, so is the tikka  maharaja and the tikka masala. The only place I order from these days.
I've spent my entire life without access to proper Indian delivery. Maharaja Palace has filled that void and my God what a difference it makes!  We do the chicken tandoori and vegetable korma about once a week. Both are fantastic. Love the spicy okra dish as well. These dishes are better than some of the others. The chicken vindaloo was light on chicken heavy on sauce and the lamb dish was tasty but too greasy to eat more than a few bites. Be careful when ordering to pick up!!!! There are now two Maharajas nearby.
I love this place and order delivery every week.  My usual order of lamb pasanda is wonderfully full of fennel, star anise and cardamom flavor.  Also, their peshwari naan is better than any others I've tried elsewhere.  The dishes are very consistent every time I order.  Although they usually deliver during their stated window, it would be nice if the wait times were shorter (e.g., under an hour).
We found this place on Grub Hub and saw they delivered to our neighborhood. This is great because it's hard to find Indian that delivers to central Harlem. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and Konju Papas (Shrimp). Both dishes were really good and nicely prepared. Plenty of sauce which would be perfect for Naan except Naan doesn't come with an entree. Also,  a little more rice would be nice. Overall great food that was delivered in good time.  Definitely will order again!
I had a great dining experience here. The food was delicious and the service was top-notch. The tika masala is a favorite there and we also ordered a lamb dish with coconut milk that was exquisite. Be sure to try some bread as well! Our waiter was so patient, friendly and helpful. I highly recommend.
We were going to go to another place and it was closed, so we figured we would try Maharaja.  Neither my girlfriend or I have much experience with Indian food so, we don't really have anything to compare this to, but we do like good food and nice restaurants, so on that note we are qualified to some degree.  Anyway, we went in and a very nice gentleman that I believe may have been the manager waited on us.  He was incredibly kind, sincere, helpful and patient.  We asked him for recommendations and he recommended a chicken dish that was delicious as well as the lamb dish that had coconut which was also delicious.  Bottom line, all of the food was very good.  The atmosphere was pretty nice and the service was amazing. We will be back for sure and we will share our experience with our friends!
I am so happy to have this restaurant in the neighborhood!  The food is delicious and the staff is very, very friendly.  Excellent service, great food and a warm, hospitable environment.  What more would you want?  I came here with my dad,  who loves Indian cuisine and had eaten here many times already, and he thinks it is one of, if not THE, best in Manhattan.  I'm not as experienced with the cuisine as he is - but I loved everything and must agree!  We had a variety of different dishes including Tandoori Prawns, Chicken Tikka Masala, and some fun appetizers.  Definitely try it! I'll be back again very soon!
I have walked passed this place numerous times but never had a chance to come and eat. I finally went tonight and thought it was great. I had the Lamb Vindaloo which was wonderfully spicy. My only complaint is they do not have a drink menu beyond water and soda. It could be they don't have a drink license yet but that was definitely the only negative about the place.
I live 2 blocks away and have probably ordered in over 5 times and eaten there 3 times. I LOVE INDIAN FOOD and this is really good. Lamb and chicken vindaloo, the chicken tandori and tikkamasala are amazing and I always order the palak paneer. Even my 2.5 year old daughter loves it!!
Ah!  Not sure what happened but food taste bad.  They said they didn't change the chef but I used to get one samosa now there is two, and it just taste bad.  My goto favorite alu gobi is also not good.  The spices are off.  Different people are in the front as well.
Best indian food in the city, IMO. Me and my gf cant get enough of this place and we've been to India. True story.
We were so excited to have the option for Indian food, in Central Harlem, without leaving the house.  We placed our order and everything seemed great.  Unfortunately, after waiting over an hour for our food(we were told 10mins when we called), we had to cancel the delivery and opt for something within walking distance.  The entire situation was handled poorly.  We called 35mins after placing the order and were told that the delivery person was already in route   When we called 30mins after that, we were told that they would contact the delivery person and call us back.  After 10mins of waiting to hear back, we finally decided to bite the bullet and cancel the order all together.  What a disappointment!  To top it all off, 5mins after my husband left to pick-up our 2nd option, the delivery person rings our doorbell, completely unaware that we had canceled the order.  Very disappointing.
This food here is banging! The Chicken Tikka Malsala here is something special. I'm still trying to place it, maybe they put more sugar, idk but its phenom! The Naan is perfect. The delivery is slow, but the food is still hot. I think I got some spicy lentils one time and they were pretty good although the reminded me of chili.
LOVE the navrathan korma and the paneer appetizer!  I order from this place all the time, as it's one of the few good Indian restaurants to deliver to my area.  Would have given 5 stars, but it's a bit expensive relative to comparable restaurants.  Nonetheless, delicious!
Delicious chicken tikka masala, naan, rice, and vegetable samosa. Very friendly delivery.
I was excitedly awaiting their opening at 12pm, to which I immediately placed my grub hub order. I have ordered from this place numerous times, which have all been out of this world delicious. However, this time was VERY different. The food came in the time they said it would, which was nice.. but still an hour after opening? I ordered tawa paneer which has been amazing in the past. Not only was my portion about half of what it was last time (yes it's an appetizer so it shouldn't be HUGE as the guy at Maharaja told me over the phone when I called to ask...) however, I was told my portion would depend on how many people ordered it- no consistency. The flavor was also lacking. It was so bland that it was almost not enjoyable. I ordered my other go-to, the garlic naan, barely baked, very little garlic. Also got the chicken tikka... the chicken was okay- not very flavorful either--- but they included barely cooked onions! Cannot eat barely cooked onions. Overall, very disappointing meal, and I doubt I'll be going back. Lesson learned, if you're one of the first orders in of the day, your food probably won't be very good. :(
Decided to give this restaurant a try on Seamless tonight. The food was very decent, except my chicken saag was somewhat heavy on the salt. But my husband's okra was pretty good. Big portions too - good value. Try to get the 20% discount on Seamless!
Great Indian food in Harlem. My spouse and I order from there once every month or two and have never been disappointed. The $14.95 special they offer now is a great deal - entree, naan, and samosa, enough food for dinner and leftovers for lunch the next day.
This is our favorite Indian restaurant in the neighborhood.  Slightly pricey, but worth it!  I think the saag paneer tasted super fresh, and I like everything else we ordered, too.  I have eaten in and done delivery (via Seamless)--both were great.
Good food, fast service.  They are super friendly and it has a great small business feel.
I wish I could give no stars. My food took 2 hours to show up and then was ice cold, drowning in oil. It's literally the worst thing I've ever been served by a restaurant. Clearly not everyone has my experience so good for them. I got a refund.
I'm writing this review from my bathroom floor, where I am taking a vomit break. Fuck Mahajara Palace, real hard.
Disappointing to say the least. Delivery took much longer than expected and only arrived after 2 calls. Delivery person said "sorry I'm new" and walked away. The entrees were cold and the salad was not only warm, but also swimming in dressing and inedible to our taste. The chicken samosa was dry and lacked seasoning, one of the entrees we ordered was the chicken tikka masala which though moist, tasted too sweet and was all cream and tomato. Only the palak paneer fared better.
So far so god! We are excited to have a new Indian place in the hood. Good service, great mango lassi and the food was fresh and yummy. A little expensive but not so bad. The garlic nan was divine!!! The only default is, a. that they don't give you that yummy Dal (lentil) side dish to get your nan wet and yummy, and that the place is small and has no open windows, so the air quality is not the best. Lots of options for vegetarians.
We didn't even get to the food part. We asked for hot tea (got caught in the tropical storm) and was told that they only served tea during lunch and they couldn't waste space on their limited number of burners to heat up water. Such a shame 'cause we live so close, but luckily we will continue going to our favorite Indian place down the street.Update: I have been asked to verify the location of the restaurant and this review.  Yes, this is the correct restaurant and location. When I referred to our favorite Indian place down the street, I meant it more figuratively as the restaurant is literally 7 blocks down and 3 avenues over.
I've walked passed this place several times, but I've been hesitant to check it out because I was skeptical of the authenticity. I dined-in earlier this evening an I was pleasantly surprised with the experience. The food was good, but the service was great. I would have preferred a little more flavor and spice in my dishes, but I'm happy that Harlem has a restaurant that offers Indian cuisine.
My wife and I enjoyed our dinner here last night.  We ordered the vegetable samosa and chicken saag... very tasty, and nice size portions for the price.  Excellent service.  We'll be back for sure!
I was excited when this fairly affordable place opened in the neighborhood -- the kind of low-key business we need in this overly gentrifying corner of Harlem. The first meal I had there was decent, but since then it has sadly been all downhill. My third and final visit, food except for the naan was exceptionally bland and gloppy, and service very uneven (ranging from smiles to bad case of the grumpies). I would love to see them get their act together but unfortunately I won't be going back any time soon.
Glad there is an Indian spot in the neighborhood. Lemon rice is very good, as is the tikka masala, saag, and tandoori. I actually like that their sauces were not too soupy/saucey... otherwise watered down. Service very good too. I would have given it the 5th star if they had hot chai tea (or any hot beverages, really) and if the seating was arranged better.
Their food is not as bad as many of the Indian places in Harlem. However, that is no excuse for their prices. I ordered the tandoori prawn masala.. sauce was pretty good but really? $17.00 for SIX pieces of shrimp?! I don't know how they can charge so much in good conscience.
I'm only giving 4 stars because I have only ordered for pick up and have not had the pleasure to dine in. The place looks great inside though. They're quick and food is great.
We have eaten here three times in the past month.  This Indian restaurant is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  The food is amazing-we've tried six of the vegetarian dishes and have been blown away every time.  It's wonderful to actually have vegetarian choices.  The servers are super friendly and do a great job of always making sure my water glass is full.  I've eaten at lots of Indian restaurants and this is one of the best one's I've been to.  We will be regulars here!
I've eaten at lots of Indian restaurants, and this definitely one of the best.  On top of that, they've got great service and are really friendly.
Food is REALLY good and delivery is fast, I've ordered from here 3 times in the last week and everything has been very good.
Overcooked, bland, and inauthentic. It tastes like a poor imitation of indian food. Save your money. Not sure how any rated this higher than one star. Never again. No thanks.
Ordered food for delivery - arrived in less than 30 minutes and was generally excellent (tandoori chicken, aloo gobi paneer, tikka masala). Haven't been to the restaurant yet, but will certainly order out again..
The best Indian food! Delivery time was reasonable, delivery guy was polite.. Lots of food in each portion ( tried Chicken Saag, & the house special Biryani; both great). Just placed 2nd order.. Addictive!
I live right around the corner from this place and it has become my go to restaurant in the neighborhood. The food is amazing and the service is always super friendly. The few times I have ordered delivery, it always comes within 30 mins and taste hot and fresh! It's a bit pricy but well worth it as the food great- especially the Chicken Tikka Masala. All in all, go to this place and give it a shot!
it's so far the best-ish indian food option to order from in harlem. though its more like a canteen-like food they made, not a restaurant quality. not much taste, but not greasy, which is a plus.
This place just opened less than 2 wks ago and I've already ordered twice! The food is delicious, great portions, fast delivery and delivers authenticity (where many Indian restaurans shirk on quality for Ignorant Americans). I have tried a number of different items and was pleased with each. I am happy to support this new business in my neigborhood.
Excellent Indian fare, and a welcome addition to Harlem's restaurant row.
