Delicious food, clean restaurant, great service. I am so used to amazing Indian food in NYC, so I was surprised and impressed by this place.I grew up near here and had no idea we had such good Indian food around!  ORDER THE SAMOSA CHAAT. I WISH I COULD USE EXPLETIVES BECAUSE IT IS THAT GOOD. Seriously. Tried the Malai Kofta and the Shahi Paneer (which was the closest we could find to Paneer Makani), and both were really good.  I preferred the Malai Kofta by a hair because the dumplings were just so good. This is now one of my regular places. I can't wait to try their sister restaurant, Raagini.
This is Raagini's (Baldwin location) sister restaurant with identical menu.Raagini is undergoing renovations and an expansion, so I made my way to Long Beach for a nice night out by the water. Samosa chaat to start is always a strong point, and it didn't let down. I also had an Indian tea (which isn't on the menu, just ask) but it was too milky for me. Still nice taste- but save this for dessert to go with a sweet.Had the Channa saag and my friend had chicken saag. I had mine medium and it was fantastic, and my friend had his dairy free (it's a creamed spinach curry) with zero problems from the kitchen staff. Overall, this place is larger than Raagini, but the ambiance isn't as "authentic" in my opinion. That's not a big deal to me, as the food is the main thing! We got there early on a Saturday just after 5pm and were the first ones of the dinner rush. When we left around 7pm, it was tough to even maneuver yourself out of the restaurant bc it was so packed at that point.
Love it!! Ordered delivery tonight as we were all craving Indian food (through Seamless). Delivery was prompt and the service was great. We ordered samosas, naan, aloo ghobi and some other vegetarian dishes. Every single one was great!! Food disappeared in minutes and everyone was thrilled.We will definitely be back again soon!
Highly disappointed after I read all the good reviews. My husband and I ordered take-out.  We each ordered one Mixed Tandoori grill from the dinner menu. The portion was so small! It looked more like an appetizer than a main entree. At $19.99 per order, and the most expensive item on the menu I  really feel that we got ripped off.  May be they made a mistake?? I love Indian food because it's usually filling. Not in this case...2 of those orders would be good for one person. Do not recommend if you want to leave hungry!
I had take out few weeks ago. Portions are very small. Not jasmine rice. Went to pick up my order and had to wait another twenty minutes. Tikka masala was all sauce and very little protein. Glad to have one in town but could use improvement.
Best vindaloo ever. I love Indian food and frequent Indian restaurants pretty often. The food here is very well made and complex in flavor. Sometimes dishes at other restaurants can be overwhelming in one taste - either very spicy salty or sweet. The vindaloo here has all sorts of favors. I highly recommend this place for both food and service.
Food is average. Service is poor. Pls stop using excess food colour. And stop adding baking soda to rice. Water tasted ugh. Lack of space. Not recommended for large groups.
Excellent service... Fast... Price was fair. You need to try Bombay crab cakes!!!! Food was made fresh and was flavorful. If its your first time for Indian food... Butter chicken & chicken tikka masala! Mango chicken was refreshing to the palate after heavy curry bites. The way the curry was presented made it possible to share with friends.
My girlfriend & I are Indian food virgins.One night, we had NO desire to cook, NO desire to eat the leftovers in the fridge and had no idea what our bodies wanted.  That happens to other people, right?Anyway, we decided to be spontaneous and order Indian which we both NEVER do. I just guessed and ordered the Chicken Korma because the lady on the phone said it was milder, and my girlfriend who lives on Spicy food got the Shrimp Vindaloo which is known to be spicy (said on the menu)I loved my dish - It was a touch of sweet, didn't taste heavily of curry which I was afraid of, and a touch of spice.  I had my girlfriends Vindaloo but was WAY too spicy for me.  I took off a star because I thought the prices were just a tad over-priced.
OMG! I love this place! Its small, but clean and well decorated . The food is full of so many rich flavors and is cooked to perfection. The lamb curry and saag (spinach) is my favorite!
Awesome flavor, with just the right amount of spice. Naan was the bomb, warm and just the right amount of crisp.
Really good Indian food.  The chicken tikka was delicious.  Great flavor!  We ordered the bread basket and Channa Masala which was a chick peas dish and paneer shahi karma which was the curry cheese dish.  Everything was fresh and delicious.
This place is amazing my partner orders from here but I have never tried their food. We impromptu stopped in while hungry last night and it was by far the best decision.  The ambiance was great the decor is very nice! The food is amazing. My partner raves about the food just from take out; so while dinning in it was even better which is hard to believe.  There is not a bad thing on the menu. Do yourself a favor... try new things on this menu and definitely get the deserts and share!!!! Will be coming back next date night.
Excellent food!! We had the vegetable samosas  and samosa chaat, chicken biryani and chicken vidaloo. Amazing flavor and texture. Gave five stars based on food alone however service was great as well. Naan was just the right amount of chewy and crispy. Will be back!
This is one of the best and most authentic restaurants in Long Beach. The food is always good, in fact it has even gotten better. My favorites are the Sikh kebab, coconut rice and the chicken jalfrezi. As my boyfriend says, "I am crazy for jalfrezi!" Lol. I have tons of food allergies and RJ, who is always our waiter, takes care of the little details to make sure I don't get sick. I highly recommend this place, and if you've never had Indian food before, you must give it a try!
Not a good Indian restaurant, if you know what real Indian food tastes like. Very bland dishes. Great thing about Indian food is the spices, seems like they forgot to add them. Dish portion to price ratio is ridiculous, appetizer especially are expense and barely fill the plate. This is the only Indian restaurant in the area so they can get away with stuff because of no competition.
I love this restaurant so much!  I usually go in, but this was the first time I had delivery.  I ordered the Rogan josh for take out, and it was delicious! The guy on the phone was also incredibly polite, and the food came fast.  When I do eat in, I usually get the tandoori chicken, which comes with a side of tikka masala sauce(A lot of places don't automatically do that, but it makes the dish).  It's also BYOB, with no  extra charge.  I've never had anything but a great meal there.  I highly recommend this place.
Best Indian food ever! You have to try the korma chicken!!Great service! If you don't know what to order just ask the waiters they will always point you in the right direction. I have ordered most of the food on the menu and I keep finding new favorite dishes. I went from never eating Indian food to eating here once a week.
The absolute best. The flavor here will leave you always wanting to come back for more...we order and dine in a few times each month since they've opened. Delivery is quick and the dine in experience is also lovely. We have eaten from other Indian restaurants on Long Island and this by far blows the others out of the park. The ambiance inside is peaceful and relaxing. Every item on the menu is outstanding. We have tried the desserts as well and they are like nothing we have ever tasted-incredible. A++++ for this incredible restaurant. I recommend Tandoor Grill to family, friends and everyone I meet. We wish for them to be here in Long Beach forever!!!LAUREN & CHRIS
Hit up Tandoor for a late lunch today with mom dukes and we both give it a thumbs up  Growing up in LB we never had too many multi cultured eateries so the addition of Indian cuisine was a good fit. Mom had the goat with spinach and mi had da lamb wit da red sauce, both were on point! Had two samosas for the appetizer and the yogurt balls for dessert Check it out!!!
I have had the pleasure to dine here 4 times already and every meal was delicious. Chicken Tikka for newbies and Vindaloo dishes for spice lovers. The garlic naan is amazing. A wide selection of dishes to choose from. The West End just got better!
Tasty, flavorful, fresh Indian cuisine. BYOB is just a bonus with food this delicious!  Try the butter chicken, mango chicken, and garlic naan.
You can't judge a book by its cover.  On the outside Tandoor Grill looks like a bleak fast food place but the inside is a bright, warm, cozy restaurant. The menu is quite extensive and user friendly in that it describes how certain dishes are made. Our choices were all wonderful. We had lamb achari, chicken jhalfrezi, and channa masala. Our waiter was friendly and attentive.  We will definitely go back.
My wife was out with friends and I visited Tandoor Grille for the first time. It will not be the last time.  It's a small, cozy and extremely friendly and well run restaurant.  The waiter was attentive and not at all overly on top of you. I save the last to let all know that the food was very authentic and superior and delicious. Although I had the vegetable vindaloo, I would warn those not used to spicy food to ask to have a taste.  I absolutely loved it and ate it greedily, saving some for the next day when I would be eating alone again.  Go and visit it and don't be embarrassed to ask the waiter (who was excellent) to give you advice. How about 10 stars?????Just got home, Monday, January 9 and am sated, relaxed and watching the national championship game between Alabama and Clemson!!Thanks Tandoori
Amazing! Right on point. So happy to have them in the neighborhood. I've been telling anyone and everyone I know for years that someone should open up an Indian restaurant in Long beach! Wishing you all the luck and success in the world!!
This restaurant is as good as its sister restaurant in Baldwin.  As usual I had the Samosas and naan.  I had a chicken curry with red sauce.  The atmosphere is casual.  The service was great.  The best thing was the BYOB.
I am giving 5 stars as I am glad to have a good Indian restaurant 5 minutes away. I wish they had a few more vegan options. Great service, good food = happy camper!
Great Indian restaurant in LB. We have had it delivered a few times and it has been great each time.  Delivery is usually slow but worth the wait.  Get the Jalfrani Pilaf for sure.
They were so good to me this guys, they served me a custom made order with Ali gobi, dal, lamb, salad and rice pudding. Everything tastes fresh and really tasty. My server was wonderful. Loved it, I recommend it.
Very good, lamb vindaloo was nice and hot, saag paneer and aloo paratha also excellent.
Food was awesome. We ordered the samosa chaat and tandoori chicken wings. For out entrees we ordered the shrimp tikka masala and fish tikka. The fish tikka was undercooked and they fixed it right away. At the end of the meal they offered us free desert because of the fish tikka. The service was great too.
This place was a pleasant surprise! Wasn't expecting great Indian food in a beach town. Probably the best Indian food I've ever had. Our server was super attentive and nice too!
Great place it byob which is great keeps the cost of your meal down also the size of the meals are great to share usually  go with  a group of 5 to6 ppl and our whole meal comes out to be less then $100 which is amazing
Amazing food and service. A complete change of pace from the usual crappy food in long Beach.   The jerk chicken kebab was outstanding.  Must try this place.
This is a great restaurant. There is something for everyone, from "entry level" spiced dishes to the super spicy dishes. There is a great selection, great casual atmosphere, good service, and delicious food. We have only recently started to eat Indian food and we have certainly been missing out. We ordered butter chicken, chicken tikka masala, and the samosas chaat appetizer which basically told the waiter we were "new" (although I've had a lot of Indian lately it's mainly been chicken tikka masala because it's so addictive) so he made sure to talk to us about the level of spice. We told him that last time we came the food was delicious but not spicy at all and while we can't handle too much spice we would like more than last time. They obliged but it still wasn't spicy at all (for me at least, for hubby it was a bit). That said the meat was delicious and they obliged when I asked for all white meat. The sauces of the butter chicken and tikka masala are so divine and very rich. The waiter asked me if I wanted to try some really spicy sauce and who am I to say no? It was comprised of a lot of dry spices and appeared to have the mint sauce and another sauce mixed in with it. It was explosive from those dried spices. Too much for me. But I can say this, I could eat their butter chicken and masala sauce like a soup easily with some garlic naan. Next time we will try the garlic shrimp and lamb vindaloo, which looked very good. We love their garlic naan and the mango kulfi is fantastic. The lassi is also very good. Love this place and will be back again soon.Edit: I also suggest trying the onion kulchi bread, a thicker softer naan-type round bread with onions baked in. In addition there is a special dish (forgot the exact name) with lamb and mushrooms in a curry sauce which is delicious.
Good food, tasty and attentive staff.  Menu had not been scrubbed clean, off putting but everything else was good , above average so I will chalk it up to a one time overlook by management. Will go back although parking is always a problem in this part of town.
Amazing from the moment you walk in until you leave. The food is pure magic it's well done perfection, the staff the best money can buy!!!!! I'm literally falling all over myself for this food ummm did I mention that this place is PERFECTION!!
I love this place! The food is delicious, its clean and the service is excellent.  We've always had RJ as our server and he is amazing.  It's BYOB which makes it even that much better!  I personally love the chicken korma or malai kebab.  If you don't feel like meat then i love the malai kofta.  The garlic naan is delicious.  For dessert, the rice pudding is my favorite- it has its on twist on it and they make all desserts there so you know they are fresh!  I would highly recommend this place!
Love this restaurant!  The food was delicious and you can't beat the price.  Since it's a byob it keeps the bill quite reasonable.  I've been there twice and have had the Vegetable Samosas, Bombay crab cakes, Chicken Tikka Marsala and Chicken Saag.  Yummy!  I will be back.
My friend recommended me this place and I had a very good experience food was excellent and service too. Me and my friend had lunch special thail we all enjoyed very much the lamb was cooked well.Presentation of the food was awesome .I'll be back with my more friends soon !! Good job chef Sam for delicious food  & RJ for great service.
1. It is the only Indian restaurant in Long Beach. 2. It is the best Indian restaurant in New York. My mom is Indian, so she's taken me to many Indian restaurants. 3. The chicken tikka masala is the best thing there. It is even better with naan.4. The customer service is great. There's this one guy that always jokes around on the phone when we order. He is just great!5. The only problem there is that they start delivering at 4:30.
Long Beach is really turning on lately with food.  This is a great addition.  Authentic, legit, real deal, as good as it gets.  delicious,  affordable,  and beautifully prepared.  wait staff is so very pleasant.  cant wait to go back.  no more need to drive far for great indian food.  dont know what to order just ask the waiters to siggest a few dishes.   or google some of the dish names so you can see for yourself.  the breads are amazing.
My gf and I were so excited when they opened in Long Beach, as our first date was at an Indian restaurant in Hicksville. We weren't eating Indian as much because it was kind of a hassle to go all the way to Hicksville each time we wanted Indian food. Now we dine in or order delivery at least once a week if not more. She is obsessed with Aloo Gobi and I love the Aloo Mutter. We share the most amazing soup, it's called Mulligatawny soup. The flavors used in the dishes are truly like nothing you've ever tasted before. The restaurant itself has a great ambience for a date night, and the staff are beyond accommodating. You have to try the desserts they have too! Thank you Tandoor Grill for coming to the neighborhood! We will always support you
Fantastic food and super kind service. I went there for lunch today with a group of 7, and they gave us 25 percent off the total bill. Food is so fresh. Definitely coming back!!
Excellent Indian food. The chicken tikka masala and sag paneer are excellent. Also liked the samosas and mixed grill.
I lived in India for 4 months and this is absolutely one of the best Indian restaurants I have been to. We are soooooo lucky to have this restaurant in Long Beach. Delicious food, wonderful people, and service. So lovely. We are never disappointed. We will definitely be back!!!
I usually trek to Union Turnpike in Glen Oaks for good, authentic Indian food. When I saw Indian food come to Long Beach, I was super excited. While this unfortunately falls short when comparing to my favorite spot in Queens, the food was good nonetheless. The chicken korma was especially good. I would have given this place 5 stars but there's a major problem. They don't deliver to Lido Beach. I even offered to pay extra and they refused. If they would deliver to Lido, they'd get 5 stars. But because I have to pickup every time I want to bring food home, and of course spend 15 minutes looking for parking, 4 stars it is. Great place. Small inside. Doesn't fit many people. Good food. Priced well. Portions aren't terribly big. Delicious and authentic.
We are thrilled to add this place on yelp......It is about time Long Beach has indian food....and it was great!!! Really a must try....and def a repeat performance!!
Finally a great Indian restaurant in Long Beach. And it's BYOB!My wife and I had the Vegetable Samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Jhalfrezi and Garlic Naan. Everything had amazing flavor and we'll definitely be back!
Great food.   Love the menu.  If I don't know what something is they help and offer suggestions.  Can be spicy so stress the fact that you want NO SPICE if you want it mild.  Can clear sinuses because so spice.  Very tasty and fresh!  Great lunch deals
I am a novice when it comes to Indian food, I'll admit that. But honestly this food is absolutely outstanding!!  I ordered the chicken tikka masala and served it with brown rice at home....delicious. Generous amount of chicken chunks in a medium spicy, gloriously flavorful and creamy sauce. I'm saving the sauce to have over just rice tomorrow for dinner, (no meat, it is Lent.) I also ordered the aloo roti, the whole wheat roti with spicy potatoes.  Heaven....A very large portion, enough for three people.....but I ate most of it. It was hot, moist and spicy, flavorful.  Can't say enough about the staff either.  Super friendly and eager to tell you about their food and help newbies like me to select dishes and level of caliente!!!! So happy Long Beach is attracting diverse cuisines. I highly recommend Tandoor Grill!!!!!
Very attentive staff.  Prices were great, and the food was delicious and seemed more authentic than other local Indian restaurants.  It was small and cozy. Would definitely recommend this place if you're in the mood to satisfy your craving for Indian food.
They have a terrific lunch combo that gives you 3 or 4 small portions and everything was great.
Fantastic food especially the lamb saag. Service has improved tremendously. Mango chutney disappointing. Was more of a plain jam. Dahl was light and fluffy. Chicken a little dry. Fish was great.
took out 2x and ate in there once. both times it was great.Excellent NAAN, tandori chicken wings, samosa chat & chicken tikka marsala. KORMA vegetable is great, lamb not so much. the lemon coconut rice had to much peanut in it rather have it without the peanuts.one star off for a few issues. 1. cheap with the mint chuntney especially, and all other sauces weather you pay for it or not on take out. and each time i tell them i will pay extra. ordered two raaitas only got one and it was half full. not cool on a over hundred dollar order. one little cup not even the size of a shot glass of mint chutney. not enough to even go around the table.2. my mom cant do hot spicy but i love it. so we asked for certain dishes to be mild. it was as if the chef didnt honor the request at all, bc when we took out it was very spicy. but eating in, it was perfect for her. (first time i took out it was just for me and a friend and we love heat in our food). now that cost them my moms business and my mom lives in the area and would be taking out a few times a month. and its bad for me bc now she wont go there for take out when i visit. :( 3. no take out TEA marsala. which is excellent. THE staff is really nice and friendly. looking forward to going back in to eat.
So happy to finally have an Indian restaurant in Long Beach- and a great one at that! Food is awesome, atmosphere is great, and the service is wonderful. Servers are very polite and accommodating. Oh, and it's BYOB! Our new favorite place!
Have been several times and continually find the food fresh and delicious. Obviously, not being very familiar with Indian cuisine, prefer some dishes over others and experiment with new, but really enjoy meals here. The staff is friendly and seems interested in providing a nice dining experience. Also, I enjoy that the food is spiced, versus some Indian restaurants that tone spice down too much. Highly recommend...
I love gong here. Not fancy. Good food. I eat here  several times a month, I usually get the lamb korma. The nan is nice and light, just as it should be. It's a treat that the only Indian restaurant in long beach is also very very good! Go!
We love Tandoori Grill & the food is consistently really good, samosa chaat appetizer is delicious, a vegetarian friendly menu. We often go to the Baldwin location Raagini which is now under construction. We were happy to see RJ the waiter tonight, he is friendly & accommodating, always with a smile.
Gracious, attentive service and a vindaloo that made me sweat!  Each dish more flavorful that the next and loads of vegetarian choices.
Best Indian food on Long Island. Used to live in Jackson heights queens and that's the only place you will get this food of this quality at a cheaper price. Basically food is amazing but price is a bit high. If you want to get it for the right price go for lunch it's always 25% off.
LOVE Tandoor Grill! The food is consistently delicious and its BYOB. Both type of samosas are great. I usually get shrimp or chicken Tikka Masala. The korma and butter chicken are also delicious. We always get the garlic naan its comes to the table hot and crispy. The rice dish Biryani has great flavor. Definitely recommend coming here for some good indian food.
I have been waiting for this day for so long, and Indian restaurant in Long Beach!! The food is absolutely delicious and you can BYOB. It doesn't get any better, love this place, please stay forever.
Super good. Always enjoy my meal--though I usually ask them to go light on the salt since I found a few times it's been salty.
The first time I had dinner there it was delicious. ..but twice after that it was terrible...the food is not consistent with being good.   I won't  go there again.
Amazing food and great service.  Cheap eats too.  These guys are working so hard so tip big.  They are busy too so expect a little wait and make a rez if you can.  BYOB too.
Freshly prepared Tasty Indian Both Raaghini  and this restaurant are consistently excellent
WELCOME TO LONG BEACH!!! Food and ambiance wonderful, plus bring your own BOTTLE, and they deliver!!
Omg best Indian food I've EVER had! The naan bread is absolutely to die for. If you order spicy, it is VERY spicy which we loved. You have a customer for life!!!
Finally great local Indian food!! A bit pricey from what I am used to paying but this food is top notch.
Love this place and its sister restaurant Raangini.  Great service, food is always delicious.  Highly recommend!
Went there for dinner last night and was delighted. My wife had the tandoori chicken (mild) and was raving about how moist and smoky it was. It had wonderful flavor and fantastic texture without the capsaicin. I had the samosas chaat and chicken korma and loved both. We brought our own bottle and it was welcomed. My only complaint is that I always drink a lot of water in with my meals and getting refills was like pulling teeth. Otherwise it has my full endorsement and will be in my rotation of good local restaurants.
Dined in. The food was great. Good portions, great taste, wonderful flavor. The place was a bit small, but the staff makes sure you're well taken care of. Will definitely be back.
Totally blew away my expectations. The flavors in every single dish we ordered were so delish!!! High quality Indian at an affordable price and they deliver fast. Win, win, win!!!
Welcome, long overdue! One sit down meal and one take out. Excellent food all round. Minor issues on the delivery order were handled with courtesy, I am so glad they are slammed with business. Cannot wait for the next time.
Finally An Indian restaurant in Long Beach! Food is delicious,very well seasoned. Portions are a perfect size. Everything delicious, garlic nan bread was to die for. And it's BYOB!!! Decor can use a little bit of an upgrade. That's the only negative. Waitstaff very attentive. Will be going back no doubt.
I'm definitely a fan, I make my way here from the east end and it's pretty much the same order...chicken tikka masala sagg paneer and lemon coconut rice. The guys here are great and the food is delicious. Thank goodness I don't have to go to queens for good Indian.
Wow is the first word that this review deserves. I am so happy that the west end of Longbeach has such a authentic and fresh flavored Indian restaurant now. I will recommend this to all of my friends. Looking forward to becoming a regular!
Great restaurant!!! The food is fresh and delicious. Finally flavor has hit Long Beach.  Love the BYOB aspect. My only issue is the decor is not very good.  But that should not deter anyone since the food is the reason for this place.  Make reservations on the weekend or plan on waiting a long time.
I am originally from the city where they have an array Indian cuisine restaurants.  I am so happy that an Indian restaurant opened up in Long Beach.  I live in the east end and parking in the west end is difficult to say the least in the summer.  So I Decided to get it delivered.  The person said it would take 45 minutes on the phone. I was shocked to see the delivery driver hear in 30 min.  I thought I Had more time to kill.  the chicken tikka masala was so deelish.  Next time I'll ask to make it spicier since I like things extremely hot.  The samosas reminded me of the ones I used to get in the city. Overall the food was great, plus portions are big enough for leftovers.  Two meals for the price of one.  Maybe one day during winter when parking is reasonable I will go in and dine. Until then I will continue to get it delivered
Excellent food, friendly service. We had vegetable samosas, tandoori chicken, & chicken curry. All were delicious. Bright, airy, informal atmosphere. One block from the beach, so we had a lovely ocean breeze while enjoying our dinner. Our second time here, our first dinner was just as enjoyable.  5 stars !!!  Valerie & David
Absolutely Delicious! I can't wait to go back and try other dish's. My husband and I shared an assorted  vegetable platter and Baingan Bharta. Our Entrée"s were Butter Chicken and Lamb Achari and  a delicate , flavorful, Coconut Lemon Rice. We had to doggy bag, and we didn't even have a try at the Naan. Bon Apetit!
