This is the best Indian food I've ever tasted in my life and the staff is so professional recommend this place to everyone that likes Indian food.
Bombay is close by reliable and quality Indian food! Staff is super nice and efficient. I've dined in and ordered out and have not been disappointed. Great specials! Looking forward to my next visit. Super full at the moment. Close to the Nostrand A/C line stop.
Gave me food poisoning. Felt (and still feel at the time of writing) sick the next morning and there is really no other explanation except the Bombay Grill. I would avoid this place at all costs.
Spectacular food and impeccable service! I highly suggest dining in. The vegetable pakora was out of this world. I will definitely be going back in the near future.
This whole meal was perfection. Samosas. Chicken Vindaloo. Bhartha. The service was on point and fun Bollywood movies are on in the background. The entire party was over the moon. Will be back!
Ordered Chana saag and vegetable jalfarazi (this dish was recommended by the manager). The vegetable pieces were not sliced adequately which made it impossible to eat with rotis (Indian bread). Both dishes were bland in taste and lacked Indian spices. The look and flavors were no where close to Mumbai cuisine.Disappointed and won't recommend to anyone.
Ok, so first off..the hospitality is very commendable. Clean, calm, and very comfortable. Now that that's out of the way, let's eat to the real part..FOOD. I started off with the mixed vegetable pakora and it was surprisingly good..first time trying and I definitely will be eating them again in the near future. Then I had the chicken Tikka Masala (tender, great sauce, decent portion) Chana Shak (flavorful and enriching) and the garlic naan(hot, fluffy, and addictive) all off which were AMAZING. I don't eat Indian much so going here I didn't expect much, boy was my expectations exceeded! Highly recommend this place to other. Will be back again!
This restaurant is welcoming and hospitable (gave me and my friend a free appetizer and naan for our meal!). I had the korahi and was pleasantly surprised as I've never tried the dish before. It was flavorful - the chicken was tender and the veggies still had a crunch to them. My friend had the korma curry, which he also really enjoyed.  The meal was also well-priced. Will come back again!
Seriously unimpressed with the food. I am Indian and thought it was bland. The tandoori was ok.
Excellent food and service!!! The mango chicken and chicken tikka masala were excellent!! And the garlic naan!
Just had Bombay Grill for dinner tonight, and it was really fantastic! The server Muhammad was great. He gave an excellent recommendation of the Lamb Nihari, which I recommend now too. The veggie samosas and garlic Naan are really top quality too.  The owner is a really nice guy who checked on me through out the meal. This is my new favorite spot.
Excellent service, especially on all days like Valentine's Day! They made my special lady feel like an empress! "We make her happy, then she makes you happy!".The dal makhani, goat curry, chicken tikka masala were delicious! We rounded out the meal with veg samosas to start and dosas to sop it all up!Will visit again and recommend as well!
I ordered the lamb vindaloo special from here with Ali papri and naan. My word! This vindaloo is spicy and flavorful! My nose ran a bit and I happily continued on with my delicious meal.  Everything was absolutely delicious.  Later that same week, I ordered from here again. I got the chicken masala, and it was quite tasty. While I've only had delivery from here, I pass by this restaurant often. It usually looks pretty empty, but still quite nice inside. Either way, their food is absolutely delicious.
Great authentic Indian food. I've been to a few Indian restaurants and this is one of my favorites. Will be coming back. There samosa and marsala are excellent.
5 stars for the service- waiters were super friendly and attentive, refilling our waters frequently, and even offering complimentary dessert. I unf have to give the food 3 stars. While generous with the chicken, the chicken tikka masala was over-poweringly sweet.  Both the chicken tikka masala and the aloo gobi also lacked the complex layers of spices and flavors you find at more on point Indian restaurants. The potatoes in the aloo gobi were a bit on the bland side - likely because they hadn't been marinating in the sauce for long enough. While the prices here are wallet friendly, you get what get pay for. Garlic nan here is solid though- fluffy texture and with the right mix of garlic and herbs.  Given the great service and welcoming environs, will definitely be back to try some of the other options.
Very friendly and inviting atmosphere.  Lots of happy customers and friendly staff. I look forward to returning and sampling more of the menu so I can add that additional star.   I had the shrimp special.  It was well seasoned and ample.  The breads and Somosas were on the mark.  The light music and Bollywood feature on the tv made it feel sweet and comfy.    Will be back.
Food was good, the chicken teeka masala sauce was a little on the sweet side which took away from the traditional Indian flavors.
We often get delivery from here and it is always quick and hot. The dinner special for $13.95 is an amazing value and enough food for a couple of days. You get an appetizer, giant naan, entree and dessert. My favorite dish from here is the chicken tikka masala, but the lamb vindaloo is also a winner. Try the chicken soup and samosa's as appetizers. Be careful on ordering spicy versions though-the last time I ordered mild it was burn your mouth off spicy. There are a few Indian restaurants in the area but this one is the best!
Would love to give this place a better review but got terrible food poisoning after a seamless order. Never again.
Their yelp rating is spot on. Their lunch specials (even on weekends) are very affordable and the quality of the food is great. I highly recommend the lentil bread appetizer (unfortunately I can't remember the specific name of the dish) which I picked for a lunch special that includes an entree, appetizer, and naan. I do wish we had had the option of ordering our dishes somewhat spicy instead of mild, but I will be asking next time I order here!
Ordered delivery on our first night in Brooklyn, was very happy. We lived in Bangalore for 2.5 years, and really don't like 'americanized' Indian food. Pros:-Biryani was full flavored and well seasoned. Obviously not from powder, with full clove and cardamom evident.-Chili chicken tasted authentic and spice was reasonable.-Chicken Saag was lovely. This dish can sometimes become the 'kale smoothie' of Indian food but their version was well rounded and complex. -Our order included free sweet rice that was nice. -Veg samosas were flavorful and not greasy. -Basmati rice was done right and aromatic. Cons:-Chicken Tikka Masala was tomatoey and sweet, very 'western'. Of course, this is a dish inspired by the British, but truth be told it CAN be delicious in the right hands. I would avoid it if you've had real Indian food before. All in all a worthy stop, delivery was quick and we were satisfied!
Food is good, but not a lot of different options. A lot of curries taste the same. Best thing about this place is the service.
Good service, friendly staff. The lamb nahini is awesome, definitely try it.  The garlic naan was made fresh for us.
Everything about this place is consistently delicious. I wish I lived closer so I could eat here every night
Exceptional food!! Loads of flavor and super fast delivery!! The employees are very hospitable and welcoming. I've only had takeout or pick up but it's a beautiful place to dine in.
Our server Kisoi was amazing! He gave us great reference with the menu. Very friendly staff great ambience and food was amazing lamb shank and lamb korma was a great recommendation. And it's byob with a liquor store across the street.
Very nice and tasty Indian food ..friendly atmosphere The menu has head lines of the Indian cuisine
The food here is great. We got the Bhartha and Chana Masala, vegetable samosas (very yum) and mango lassis. All flavorful and delicious. Service is exceptional. The man who served us gave great recommendations and was very friendly. Took great care of us, recommend 100%!
Last time I order from this place. My saag ponir came with 2 pieces of cheese and my lamb curry was just as bad.
This place never seize me to impress me! Every dish is better than the other. I ordered the vegetable dish; okra. Yummy! Friendly staff, yummy food and reasonable price. What else you can ask for?
The food is fragrant and delicious. Everything was cooked nicely. My chicken was tender and juicy. I have only been in once so I am definitely looking forward to returning. I didn't receive any bread with my food so 4 stars instead of five.
Great food and excellent service. The rice pudding was delicious. Will definitely be coming back. Also it wasn't crowded which was great.
I don't know what we enjoyed most - the food or the service! It's almost impossible to give a 5 star rating for both, but this place earns it. What a welcoming little restaurant off Fulton St. Unassuming, but the menu packs a punch. Go for the dinner special. It's like $14 bucks and you get an app, entree, naan, rice AND they come out with the most delicious rice pudding afterwards. Cannot wait to come back here!
Great neighborhood restaurant - good food, good service, good music, byob - went on a Sunday night and was a much appreciated environment to wind down the weekend. Will definitetly go back.
A wonderful place for a nice leisurely meal with no wait, great food and impeccable service! If you want some good Indian food and you're close by, stop in and enjoy the best Indian on Bedford!!
Good delivery service, and the chicken makhani (ask for spicy) is good. Veg samosas also good (two come). Ordering the side of garlic naan is just one piece of very chewy garlicky naan- kinda disappointing. TMI but it seems pertinent: both of us had bad bouts of diarrhea after, and my partner felt nauseous by the end of her meal. Good taste though. Just have a day to stay near the toilet the next day.
First off BYOB. My girlfriend found this place for dinner and the food IS amazing! From the specials to apps, entrees soup and ridiculously​ delicious rice pudding. The service was on point. Very friendly and make great suggestions. Will be coming back asap!
This restaurant is not big, but it had a big impact on me. There was a big party (over 20 people) however, the staff was still every attentive to our needs. The food was good and and not over powering. Will return and they deliver.
Got this delivered. It came earlier than expected. Which is always great.I got the garlic naan and chicken vindaloo (which comes with rice). The garlic naan was great. I mean, honestly speaking, I couldnt really taste the garlic part. But that has more to do with the fact that I was dipping it into my chicken vindaloo. Which definitely packs a punch in the spice department. The vindaloo I did like. It was spicy enough to make my nose a little runny. The curry was good. I'm not too sure how I felt about the actual chicken part. The chicken hadn't actually soaked up the taste of the curry. I think they just toss in the chicken pieces into an already finished curry. I personally like it when the chicken  has the curry flavor soaked into it. It was too the point that I'd rather just have the vindaloo no chicken. The chicken was cut into somewhat big cubes. I mean, the chicken was thoroughly cooked, but when you cut into that bastard, I expect to see the red of the curry bleeding in, but no. The chicken was white. Maybe if the cubes were cut into smaller pieces? I do like my naan/rice smothered in curry. So I would have preferred more curry and less chicken. But that's just my preference. All in all, I'd definitely order from them again. Maybe I'll stop being lazy and walk down the street and actually walk in. Or I can always deliver... Maybe I'll get another order right now.
Overall not a bad place, I hate knocking other places but let's think of it as constructive criticism. 1). Deliveries should come with utensils and napkins rather than a straw.2). Average/ slightly below average food at best but then again where are we trying to get at here. Onion sauce in malai kofta was off (I'm a curry chef trust me). Malai kofta was mushy nor did it have great consistency. (Again I can make better kofta but I was 200 miles from home, add a little more Gobhi, it's spelled paneer BTW not ponir).3). No need for for the tamarind chutney nor the green chili chutney. (If you ask me for a better recipe I'll give it to you.)4). Delivery time was rather quick, much appreciated. They gave me a free Pepsi. Thanks guys.Overall, not a bad experience just don't expect better than average food from here, but then again how can most of you judge? You don't know Indian food well enough.
The food was very good. Not the best I've ever had, but not disappointing. I had the chicken korma. The sauce was good, would have preferred more dark meat.Under normal circumstances, I would have said the delivery was a little slow, but when the guy finally showed up, it turned out he had just been hit by a car! Some jerk rear-ended his bicycle and drove off! Our delivery guy still made it to our place, in spite of being a little bloody and pretty shaken up. We bandaged him up and he went on his way. He was extremely friendly, and the food was still hot! I hope he's ok..
Place is great and service is outstanding. The only downfall and I mean only was the Salmon was a little overcooked. I still ate it though because the sauce was delicious. The tea is amazing and some of the best Naan I have ever had. I will definitely be coming back and I recommend that you try it. Might have just been an off day with the Salmon. Shit happens :)
I love Indian food and I've tried Indian food from all over the city and Brooklyn. Bombay Grill is simply the best. The place is never too crowded but their deliveries are nonstop. Vibe is homey and Service is friendly. I always get either the shrimp jalfrazie or seafood platter. My friends love the chicken tikka masala. Their garlic naan is to die for! Must try! Theres also complimentary rice pudding for dessert, that I can't have because I'm lactose intolerant, but my friends say it's pretty good.
Every time I've been here has been a wonderful experience. Staff and food are both great, and the restaurant itself is a cozy space - I recommend visiting on chilly winter nights.
I went there couple times, and always beyond satisfied. I went with my Indian friend, he recommended me KORMA, is a sweet taste creamy souce(a little bit like vodka souce) with chicken. We also ordered BANANA PAKORA. Both are SUPER TASTY!! I don't know why there are not many people in the restaurant, they are one of the restaurant have best service and staff. I will give them Michelin star if I can!
Such a great find! Amazing service and the food was delicious. The special is so much food we had to take to go boxes. It is also BYOB. What is not to love. Definitely coming back again!
Great service, excellent food: lamb, chicken, lentil, curry, lassi, dessert was all great. Naan was amazing. Best I've had in a long time. Nice quiet ambiance, and very clean. Will definitely be coming back here, it's a hidden gem!
Well, they served me one of the perfect naan i ever had, even though it was just a side. We ordered boti kebab and some chat as an appetizer, and tikka biryani and chicken tikka masala. They were all tasty and improvised just enough to not to lose the indian essence.Especially, i loved the chicken tikka masala, it had near perfect mix of cream and spices in the curry.A must try on, if you are craving for indian food in Brooklyn.
Celebrated Eid with friends and family at Bombay Grill. The staff were so extremely accommodating and friendly!! The food was delicious! My group shared about four different dishes, and all of them were fantastic. I especially loved the lamb curry with naan. (Make sure you get thick sauce.)Thank you guys so much for the complimentary dessert! (Even though we dropped about five things on the floor.) ;)
Amazing Indian food for a great bargain! Ozmand served us. He was welcoming, kind, and had a thorough knowledge of the menu which he shared. He gave us rice pudding on the house at the end and asked us for a review on yelp. Shout out to you Ozmand!
Very nice people and the food is really great. They're very accommodating with the BYOB. My favorite dishes so far are veggie samosa, lamb vindaloo, saag paneer, tandoori red snapper special and their papadum.
Excellent food. Great prices. I come here regularly for their lunch special after my workouts! Highly recommend.
This is a great place to eat. I would highly recommend. The service was very good. Some of the best we have had. The food was delicious and very reasonable prices. Had a large selection as well. If you are in the mood for Indian food give this place a try! You won't regret it!
Delicious food, really made with love, and very nice people.  The portions were generous.  I recommend the mulligatawny soup, perfect for a winter day!
Extremely affordable,  quick delivery and consistently provides satisfying meals.  I live accross the street so when I order,  I literally get it in 10-20 minutes.  Have ordered from them a few times (havnt gone in yet)  and have never had any issues.  I always get the Tika massala,  it could be a little more spicy for my taste but the overall flavors are well balanced.  A little sweeter than most places but not too sweet (girlfriend thinks it is too sweet and doesn't like it,  shes a picky eater though). The Naan bread is always freshly made and they give you plenty of sauces and condiments.  Looking forward to checking out the inside one of these days! This is my go to spot for Indian food in the neighborhood! Love it.
I came to this place late night the food took so long to cook and when I got the food it felt all the grill food I ordered wasn't fresh, I was highly pissed off with this Resturant after seeing a 4.5 star here on yell, the white rice was hard the chicken bryaini had no flavor to it or any aroma, these people here don't thank you no your welcome no manners at all sorry but don't waste your time here
We ordered in the other night from Bombay Grill and it was super good! The mango lassi was amazing, slurped it all down before my boyfriend got much! We'll have to get a bigger one next time :) I got the Korma Curry with chicken, which was amazing! I loved the flavors and seasonings; the whole thing tasted very high quality. My boyfriend's Bombay Mixed Meat Biryani was nice too, just too spicy for me! We got garlic naan but it was pretty mediocre in my opinion. Might try a different type next time. (The lassi always helps me with the spice!) I'll definitely be ordering from here again! Great stuff.
I'm gasping for air. Right after messing up some korma and veggie pakora w additional garlic naan, because my eyes are in fact bigger than my stomach, that was gooey as hell they hit me with the rice yogurt dessert dish. It's byob which is a plus. And the Bollywood dance numbers are banging in here.
This little joint was right outside where I was staying during my visit, so it was only natural that I stopped in for lunch one day. The food was great, reminding me of my favorite Indian places down in NC. I'd say the best part of the lunch had to be the fresh naan, which was some of the best I've had in a while. All in all, this place deserves every star people have given it. (It was even pretty cheap as far a lunch goes, with that killer special).
Had the special, tikka masala and samosas as appetizer! Came with free naan and rice, was enough food for two but I was really hungry and ate it all! Love it! Ordered it extra spicy, and it delivered! Great place, will visit again!
The food was absolutely stellar... wonderful management and customer service! Amidst coming in after the lunch special, the manager was kind enough to suggest a special option on the menu that was delicious and inexpensive! Chicken Tikka, Lamb w/ Mushroom Shaag, Mulligawtany Soup and Pompadum was exceptional!!!!!!!! Will most definitely call this location my new neighborhood Indian go to! The owner was so kind and accommodating!
Bombay Grill is my version of Cheers in Bedstuy. I first encountered this gem on a stormy night where my sister and I were blown away with our attentive service and love for everything we chose off the menu...my favorite is the lamb malai but I've loved everything I tried! Management always greets me with a smile and has shared a thoughtful surprise dessert on the house for my loyalty (though I often can't finish it.) It's BYOB and w/i walking distance to Breukelen Cellars or the shotty liquor store with wine right across the street.I'm not one to order take out in general but I know Bombay Grill is driven primarily by delivery. I highly recommend stopping in for warm, efficient service, with a non-stop streak of Bollywood playing for your entertainment. Who doesn't like to associate a face with their service? There are plenty of servers to assist and I want to help them keep busy. If you're a loyal takeout customer go visit the Bombay Team this weekend!
Tons of people would probably love it, I felt the sauces were a bit sweeter than my tastes.
Great food, amazing customer service!!!!!!!Even threw in a free dessert. I will be back!!!!!Try the tandoori fish!!!!!
I've ordered from them twice, food as been excellent both times. Delivery is always within 30 mins. The food is always hot and fresh. I've had the chicken curry lunch box which is pretty fulling for the price. It comes with a side of naan which I love. I tried the "gulab jaman" which is sweet fried pastry balls, they were a bit oily but they were good. The mulligatawny soup is to die for!! It has a hint of lemon zest in it but otherwise it's fulling and feels more homemade than just restaurant served. Overall, I'll definitely be ordering again
Tonight we decided to celebrate Valentine's Day early and decided to brave the cold go to the restaurant as opposed to ordering take out.  IT WAS WORTH IT!!!  Though it is the coldest night of the year the restaurant was warm and cozy.  The service was outstanding and they were very helpful in their recommendations.  Clean, superb service, and the best food!!I am a chicken curry lover but I wanted to try something new and this is what we got - and everything was PERFECT.  * Vegetable Samosas - outstanding and always a perfect start to the meal* Chicken Liver w/ Poori - sooooooo good!!!  If you think you don't like liver you haven't tried this. It was so flavorful that we think if we don't tell our friends that it is liver that they will think it is the best meat dip they have ever had.* Chicken Saagwala - too often when I have ordered carry out from other places the chicken is always dry, but this chicken so tender and moist.* Lamb Nouri - I think I spelled this wrong but it was part of their Specials and it was sooooo good.  The lamb was cooked perfectly and the chana saag on the side made every bit even better than the last.One would think that with all of that food that we would be uncomfortably full, but the food is filling but not heavy.  I could easily stay out and have a few drinks with friends.  Unlike a burger and fries this did not make me want to take a nap, instead I feel so good due to the vegetable intake and the great atmosphere. For the aficionado or the novice, this is the place for you to eat and bring your friends too!!!  Don't be shy about dining in there if you are the only people either (they seem to have a good take out business).  Sit down and enjoy being taken care of.
This place is a delicious local Indian restaurant.  The service is great, the food is even better.  The tandoori chicken was wonderful  and the Bollywood was in 60 frames per second.  What more could you ask for?
Not from here, I'm from Los Angeles, I'm not fond of the Indian food in la. But the best Indian food before eating here I've ever had was in Atlanta, ga (of all places ironically) I ordered the tikka masala and that was to die for! I also ordered garlic nan to pair with it! The portion sizes were on point as well!
Bombay Grill is my go to Indian restaurant in Brooklyn. The chicken tikka masala and somosas are absolutely delicious. I highly recommend it!
Bombay Grill has extremely good Indian food especially if you're just looking for some classic comfort dishes. I don't think it's the most authentic per say, but for everyday eaters, it really hits the spot. Last time I came here, I got the coconut curry chicken, and it was insanely delicious - just the right amount of sweet & savory creaminess with very tender chicken. The naan here is especially out of this world fresh and chewy, and it's got the perfect amount of air pockets and breading to make it a great texture. I also got the simosas for appetizer which were also quite yummy.Service here is also really nice. The owner here Kisor is super generous and always happy to serve. Would highly recommend!
Great local Indian. The saag paneer is rich and tasty. Attentive service. Cozy atmosphere. You will not leave hungry.
Best indian food ever. Everything was tasty and affordable prices. Great service. Must try the appetizer ka-chories.
I've ordered here before and the food used to be good.  Today my husband agreed it was terrible.  When I opened the Sag Paneer it looked off. It was a creamy lighter green instead of the typical dark, rich green with cheese chunks. The seasoning wasn't quite what I'm used to from this dish. It was blander and less healthful., felt heavy.  Not sure why it was creamy.  The Boti Kebab Masala "special" was disgusting.  No exaggeration.  It was sweet.  It also looked wrong, being a ketchep-y red.  I'm writing this review as my husband throws away the mostly full containers in the trash.  Samosas  and Naan were fine.  But I'd avoid this place unless they get a new chef.
The food was absolutely delicious! The palak paneer and shrimp curry were incredible. The owner and servers were super sweet and made our experience really great! This place is byob -- which is also great! They also gave us free rice pudding after dinner and offered to give us free samosas when we complimented the deliciousness. Yum!
On a whim, on a day before thanksgiving, I sort of wandered into this restaurant. No one inside at 130pm but my curiosity got the best of me. I perused through the menu and looked for the lunch specials. I ordered a tandoori box with sofa, basmati rice/condiments and bread. I was told the wait time was 15 minutes because they do it fresh and so I have time on my hands, fresh it is then. I was pleasantly surprised that the guy offered me some " barbarap " for something to try. If I misspelled it Its because I don't know what it is. It came out as 2 pieces of crisp thin bread that you dip into onions, sweet sauce and a spicey greenish one. It was good! I got the order 15 minutes later and even without seeing my whole 10.95 order of Tandoori box , I already liked the service. Once the bill came out I didn't hesitate to drop a tip.Now I'm holding my tandoori on my way back to the office and I guess I should say I think the food tasting good will be a given. I'll update soon as I partake in my feast Back here For lunch take out! Been served well and got to bring a humongous and good tasting lunch tandoori again!
Food was great and the service was too! Very relaxing environment, with a pleasant staff :)
Well cooked, delicious, all spices were perfectly used, huge portion even enough for two people, and very very nice and friendly staff. If you are looking for a middle-eastern/indian food, I definitely recommend this place! P.S. I had Lamb Naharee which was great !
Excellent service! There are really punctual with service..even though my fish was a little on the sea tasting side..I actually after a little while ate it and I was very content with it  awesome place...- Valerie C.
Absolutely amazing!! Great service and friendly staff! The food was amazing, cheap too! I think we paid $14 for the lunch special which included rice, naan, the dish of choice and an appetizer each! It came out quickly and the staff we very attentive! Will definitely be eating there again!!!
Awesome service. It was my first time eating Indian food and it was delicious! If you are in this area you must stop by.  Great experience. The restaurant is clean and really nice. Very affordable.
Happy we discovered this restaurant! The food was delicious and the service was good. I got the chickpea poori and tiki masala. Wanted to try everything though, so I'll have to go back. The mango lassi was also yummy. I recommend this place!
Had a great visit here with two friends! Great BYOB place with great food and excellent service. Would definitely come here again as a solid Brooklyn spot.
Me and my boyfriend stopped in and luckily just made the lunch special. The portions were the perfect amount and we both agreed that this is definitely one of the best Indian spots we've ever eaten at and we are constantly eating Indian food all the time! (Exploring and such) I highly recommend !
Very hard to fault anything to do with this restaurant! The food was amazing - we had Vegetable Pakora, Mixed Grill Appetizer, Garlic Naaan and Saag Ponir. Every dish was full of great interesting flavor - this from a couple that eats and cooks Indian food regularly. Complementary papadum with sauces. Great attentive service without being intrusive. These guys know what they are doing, and are well proud. They deserve your business :)
Fantastic food, fantastic service, good prices! The lamb shank special is beautiful and my husband loves the chicken madras. Would recommend to all.
Wow, fresh and delicious. Not fancy. Not pricey, would come here again and get delivery, for sure.
Great portions with cheap prices!
I just have to say- the staff are some of the sweetest guys around. So kind and generous. You don't get customer service like that these days. I hardly write reviews but after the experience I had last weekend I'd gladly boast.I order out more than I eat-in here. So strictly regarding the food- it's some of the best Indian food I've had. It's fresh, spiced well, and ample. The naan, which is usually quite plain most other places, was beautiful! The tikka masala was spot on, and between the food and service my friend and I were in heaven. They serve wine in the restaurant which was nice to have during the meal.The atmosphere was intimate without feeling dense like Indian restaurants in, say, lower Manhattan. The lighting even denoted a cooler more open feel. A compilation of Bollywood films playing in the background? You damn right! Thank them often and tip them generously because this place deserves it.
Excellent service! Everything was fantastic, the food tasted amazing, the hard working staff was extremely friendly. They also made sure we had everything we needed. We will be coming back, and trying more items on the menu! I highly recommend it.
Amazing!! Great food. Chicken Masala is an absolute must. Great staff & BYOW (bring your own wine)!
I'm giving this restaurant a poor rating based on the service I received alone.I ordered lunch off seamless to be delivered to my job. I put in the instructions to deliver to the side kitchen entrance and for the delivery guy to call me first. I work in the kitchen at a bakery and would prefer if they didn't enter through the front where customers do. 30 minutes later my coworker in the front tells me the delivery guy is there. I go to retrieve my food and the first thing he says is that it's better for him to enter through there. I try to explain to him why it's convient to deliver to the side kitchen entrance, and he cuts me off assisting he's right. I try to tell him that if he was confused then he should have called me first, but he still continued to give me an attitude and cuts me off. He then proceeded to walk away as I was speaking; I told him I'll never order from here again (I wanted to say "fuck you" but there were customers present.)I then proceeded to call the restaurant and told them that the guy who delivered my food was incredibly rude to me and that they should fire him. The man on the phone was surprised and apologized and said he wouldl handle the situation, whatever that means.Needless to say this incident nearly made me not want to eat my lunch and ask for a refund, but I did eat it and guess what? It was delicious! I ordered the Tandoor lunch box that came with rice, chick pea saagwala, and two pieces of the most moist tandoori chicken I've ever eaten from a india restaurant. Another offense they made was giving my a coke when I ordered a pepsi, what they hell!It's a shame that this happened to me because the lunch I ate was affordable and tasty, and I would make it be a part of my rotation for those reasons. i'm uncertain if I will order from Bombay Grill again; I know I would order from them sooner rather than later if that man who delievered to me (a skinny and tall man with a thick accent) were for sure fired by the restaurant. That kind of behavior is just unacceptible
Delicious Indian cuisine! Stopped by late Sunday night and we were the only ones there, treated like royalty. The staff was all very well mannered and well dressed. After reviewing the menu and seeing pretty decent prices, we decided to splurge a little bit. We got 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and a side for $35. Not to mention BYOB. The food was incredible as well - highly recommend the garlic bread. 10/10 would return again.
I just received a call from the owner and he was so apologetic, I understand that accidents can happen and he was so friendly about it. as I said the food has always been good and  that's the only time it has been less than 5 stars. he really cares about his business and I would eat there again after talking to him.
Excellent Food! We have been there or ordered from many times and it has been always delicious! Amazing keema paratha, cheese naan, saag ect!
This place is fire! Super good food. What a great addition to bed-stuy. Definitely coming back here. And it's BYOB!
Yum! Really great service - attentive and not intrusive. Staff really care about customer. They were so kind that they gave me deserts to try and Naan bread - I like how their naan bread has a unique creamy and subtle sweet aftertaste, yet still not greasy. I had the Ka-chori as an appetizer - oh boy, it seems like a Bombay Grill version of disco fires- except it's healthier with tamarind, yoghurt, lentil bread and chick pea! And of course it's really fun and tasty. For entree, I ordered Beef Karahi out of the blue (I usually just get the sweeter and creamier dishes), but it turned out to be really delicious. Though cooked in a sizzling iron pot, the beef is still soft and succulent with the thorough flavoring. Food is just so comforting and makes me happy.Besides the food, it's got very cute ambience and clean layout. I'm definitely going back again, like tomorrow with my friend. If I weren't moving out of the city, I totally would become a regular. Enjoy, peeps.
Best Indian food I've ever had. Explosive flavors, so rich and filling. I wanted to cry when it was over. Try the curry lunch box.
Super tasty local Indian spot. We ordered take out a few times and it was very good so we decided to try it out for dinner. We were not disappointed. All of the food is tasty and it comes out fairly quickly - even thought we ordered 7 dishes!Highlights on the menu are the samosas, the veggie curry and the tikka but honestly everything is delicious. Highly recommended for anyone in the neighborhood - stop by for dinner or get take out anytime. And they have an awesome lunch special!
Definitely the best Indian delivery option in the area. I also like eating there-there is hardly anyone ever in the restaurant as their main business is clearly delivery. So when every other restaurant in the area has a long wait, this is a great spot to go to!
Great Indian food with matching service.  I've ordered delivery from here about a half dozen times and dined in 3-4 times and every time left overly satisfied.  My go to dishes are Chana saag, vegetable pakora and vegetable biyrani, though I must say the mulligatawny soup is wonderful as well.  I've yet to be disappointed by these guys, and their attitude is really always to please.  Do yourself a favor the next time you're in the mood for Indian food and stop by!
I have finally found a good Indian delivery place in this area of Brooklyn! So happy!Ordered the special entree where I picked the chicken tikka masala, and I picked chicken tikka for the seperate kebab entree (yeah I like my tikkas). I made a point of mentioning 'Indian spicy' while ordering online - and my goodness - it was hot! Good tasty hot, but not for everyone hot. The chicken tikka masala had a lovely gravy which was neither too thin, nor overwhelmingly tasting of tomato - as I've sadly experienced at other some other restaurants. The kebabs were tender, and the nan and rice which came with the meal ensured that I was properly content by the end. Will definitely order again and try out other things here too!
I must be missing something here because I was way disappointed in this place.  Samosas were hot on the outside and cold inside = microwaved.  I ordered my food "extra spicy" and it was below even mild...not to mention hardly even warm.  Service was hap-hazard at best...overall disappointing.  Jalfreezi had the most bizarre aftertaste.  The only redeeming dish was the poori with chickpeas and peas...but how much can you ruin bread?  Not a fan...not a fan.
We decided to call for delivery at work today... At first someone answered the phone and it took him 5 minutes to just take down my phone number... Then another guy finally took the phone and things went smoother. We ordered chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, and a vegetable dish. Everything was delish! Only down side they gave no plates or utensils... We had to go to the deli because we had nothing....
Amazing! Loved everything about this place. Lovely ambience, incredibly friendly, attentive (and generous!) service; coupled with food that was so on-point that all of us couldn't stop talking about how great this place is after our dinner.In total, between three of us we mostly  demolished our massive servings of Veg. Pakora fritters and ka-chori, Garlic naan, roti, papadom, veg curry, chana shaag and mushrooms shaag..... Yet still had enough to pack up and bring home for lunch the next day.A dining experience really couldn't be much better.
Probably the best Indian food I've ever had and the staff is sooo nice and accommodating .The vegetable samosas are great and the chicken biryani is amazing--so flavorful! This place is small but has a nice ambiance..and it's not too expensive so if you are looking for an amazing meal this is the place. They deliver also--all the way to about broadway/bushwick area.
I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was very good. I asked for it to be spicy and it was. It also wasn't extra yogurty. And so I thought it was delicious.The samosa was pretty good but not the best. The Naan was tasty. But really to mention again I really liked the chicken. The service was great. When we walked in we were the only people there. (Only one other person showed up later on). They closed the door and turned on the ac for us because we were kind of hot. So that was nice. And although we were really the only people there they weren't annoyingly over attentive. We were able to talk and enjoy our food.The space is clean, even the bathroom. So if you're in the area and want Indian food swing by.
Good indian food in the neighborhood finally!  And they deliver too!  And the restaurant itself is lovely & clean & the staff is friendly!  Food is fresh & not greasy at all!  Definitely recommend!!!!
Friendly, attentive service staff who can recommend and make suggestions on unfamiliar dishes.Try the Samosas and lamb curry, and do not pass up the savory naan bread. I had to ask the waiter to take the naan away from me, for fear of devouring the entire thing on my own. I would definitely recommend stopping in!
Went into Bedford hall...was a zoo...walked out...saw this spot across the street...and it was really good.Cooked really well, succulent lamb, nice sauce, delicious nan, and complimentary veggie fritters too.Really nice and friendly staff, and descent prices too.Good for eating out, and they do take out too.Played good tunes too.
Everything I've tried so far has been very very flavorful! And the service is great and quick.The Byriani is very fresh with plenty of vegetables.The vegetable Samosa is one of the best I've had.And it's cheap too!
We stopped by Bombay Grill on a whim, and are glad we did. The service was very good, and all three dishes we tried were excellent.
Love these guys and order from them frequently. Standard Americanized Indian food, just what you'd expect.
After aimlessly trying to find a place for a late lunch on New Year's Day - with places either being closed or packed, we finally settled on Bombay Grill because it was empty (it was 330 on a Friday). I admit I don't eat often because of how heavy it tends to be - and most places in Brooklyn are takeout quality Indian. Was so surprised at how flavorful the food is here, as I've never had truly good Indian food in Brooklyn. The food was genuinely Indian spicy, not greasy - and because it was New Year's, the waiter gave us free samosas, free dessert and were so, so sweet. I don't live in the neighborhood but next time I have an Indian food craving, will without a doubt come back here. If I had one complaint, it'd be that I wasn't expecting the 3-star, white napkin treatment- feeling crusty the day after NYE - and they were exceedingly attentive. I felt a little guilty for being in a somewhat indifferent mood. You can tell they take so much pride in their establishment and usually I like to show my appreciation for small businesses like this. We had the basic go-to's: lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka, saag panir, naan. All on point - and we had enough leftovers for a second meal.
Extremely friendly service, awesome staff. The fish tandoori is phenomenal. Samosas are awesome. Chicken Tikka was very juicy and tasty. Highly recommended.
Great food and great service! We got two appetizers (samosas and some kind of potato fritters), naan bread, the mango chicken special and some lamb special for only $42! They refilled our rice and were willing to keep it coming. Good portions too, we were both stuffed when we finished our meals. Then multiple employees offered us free dessert but we were just too full. We will definitely be back!
Excellent food and great service!! They are super clean and cheap. This place is comparable with any best place in Manhattan I've had till this day! So glad to have found this gem in a place I wouldn't have expected!!! Super clean as well which is most important to me! Great job staff!!
We had to go back last week!  The great thing about a super busy delivery crew there is that you get lots of space & attention from the already-amazing staff!  I write this as we await delivery from them.  #GratefulForThisPrivelege
I unexpectedly came across the Bombay Grill. And it is amazing! Best Indian food I've had in nyc. Additionally, the service was stellar. I will definitely be coming back here again.
This is hands down my new favorite Indian place. Got one of the appetizer/entree specials and everything was right on point.
Amazing food.  Very friendly hosts.  I especially loved the Chicken liver.   You can tell the chef takes joy in the art as the presentation and the flavor of the foods were most appealing.  I especially  loved the sizzling  plate that came to a nearby customer that almost made me think I should have chosen something else.... until I put my meal in my mouth.  I was very pleased  with my choice.   Also, I personally loved the Chana spinach side that was with the red snapper dish.  It had  a certain Caribbean taste to it...
Really good food. Lamb Vindaloo was awesome and very spicy. Chana Masala was delicious. Vegetable Samosas, so good (they come in two's, just so you know). Pickled lemon was...you should try it. Very happy with this spot.
What a great place to eat! The delivery service is prompt and always gets my order right. The staff in the restaurant is always attentive and frequently offers a free starter or dessert. Try the korma curry with garlic Naan. Hands down my favorite combo.
This place is such a gem! Delicious food and their staff is extremely friendly. Best indian food around the neighborhood.
Not only was the food delicious but the service was spot on and genuine!  See you guys soon!
This is definitely my favorite Indian restorant in the neighborhood . Such a warm atmosphere and delicious food. I had to stay in the restorant for 3 hours till i got the key for my appartement and the owner was very understanding and even offered me some tea. I strongly suggest this place .
Great Indian food. Best Vegetable Jalfrezi I've had in ages. Naan, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Samosas were delicious. And the best part is they deliver to my area, and delivery was prompt. FINALLY, I found an Indian restaurant that will deliver to me, and it's a good one! *CHEERS*
I've lived in the neighborhood for 2.5 years so I've gotten the chance to try many if not all the local indian cuisine options. Most of them have been fairly mediocre. I noticed Bombay Grill moving in a month ago so decided to give them a try three days after they opened. While I was the only person there, the food was great, the service was extremely friendly and attentive. The samosas were the best I've had in Brooklyn, lamb vindaloo was nice and spicy, naan had a nice amount of crisp (not soft and mushy like most indian places around here). I left full and happy. Can't wait to order delivery.
The worst. If I could 0 star, I would. Here is the deal: 1) waited 1.5 hours for a delivery that never happened, 2) called the restaurant twice to be hold that the order was 2 minutes away, 3). Radio silence from the restaurant.
Super tasty food, they gift you a delicious appetiser with sauces. We had the chicken tikka masala and saag panir with Garlic naan , all of it was delicious. The portions are huge so either order one plate between two or get the leftovers to take away. Plus they kindly gave us a delish dessert on the house
My go to lunch spot. The service is dope. The Korma and Tikka Masala are amazing.
Arrived at 6pm on a Sunday the place was empty, but quickly filled up by the time the waiter took the order (not long at all).  The service was quick and attentive.  The waiter brought one course after the first was course was completed (not all at the same time). The food was great.  The prices was reasonable. The lamb appetizers came out the kitchen sizzling hot (literally). Tikka Masala with the red creamy sauce was the best.  My friend had Tandoori chicken which also came sizzling hot from the kitchen very well seasoned.  Really relaxed atmosphere.  There wasn't a rush to turn over the table (the mark of a new place).  The complimentary dessert was the right portion.The glass windows from floor to ceiling makes people watching a must.  Great addition to the neighborhood.
Omg!!!! Definitely my new order spot for Indian food. I asked them to make my food as mild as possible, no spices, preferably Sweet and to add a bit of chicken if  possible (it was a vegetable dish). Usually when I request this at Indian restaurants they either ignore my request or make the food completely tasteless. I've also been told countless times they cannot edit the order. However, Bombay Grill made it sweet and delicious AND added the chicken I asked for for FREE ! The delivery was right on time and the price was very reasonable. They even added a small dessert sample. Absolutely love this spot ! Consider me a regular.
Fantastic new Indian restaurant in bed stuy, by far the best one in the area.  Great lunch and dinner specials make the price better than the area alternatives too.  The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable, attentive but not intrusive.  Will be going here again many times!
Good food. The best part is that the food isn't greasy at all. Service is friendly and efficient. Will come back, especially for their appetizer meat platters.
Had a great meal here. The salmon tikka masala was delicious and the garlic naan was the perfect combination of fluffy and crispy. Free samosas at the start of the meal. My only complaint is the weird purple lighting scheme, I'd much prefer natural lighting that didn't make me feel like an alien abduction was imminent.
The service here is just wonderful. The servers are always attentive and friendly. The chicken tikka and nan that we ordered were yummy. For the price and the service I would definitely go back and try different items.
Really great food and great service! We came on Saturday night and the staff was very attentive (and understanding about lactose intolerance :). We had the chicken saag and a special platter that were both really tasty and well-priced.
This was my second time eating at this newly opened Indian restaurant a few blocks from my apartment, and once again it delivered some of the most delicious and rich Indian food I have ever eaten. My wife and I both ordered the masala (salmon and Chana), and both were perfectly prepared. We started the meal with the samosa appetizer, which was cooked to perfection. The staff is very attentive and seek to please their customers. Definitely worth ordering takeout or stoping by if your ever in Bed-stuy.
Really delicious food and a very friendly waitstaff. We had the samosas and a few vegetarian curries and everything was very fresh and not too heavy tasting. The saag paneer was my favorite.
So excited that we finally have a truly tasty Indian food delivery option - that delivers to Park Slope! This was the best Indian food I have had in Brooklyn. My husband thought it was much better than restaurants we've been to in Curry Hill as well. The special entree is a great deal. For $14 each, we had the ka chories, vegetable samosas, the lamb rogan josh, chana masala, naan and rice. Added the $3 mulligatawny soup for the three year old, who loved it with rice added. YUM.
The food was delicious! The lamb bhuna, chicken makhani, saag paneer, and chana masala were outstanding. The service was fast and friendly, but we were able to have a leisurely meal. BYOB with a great wine store across the street.
About a couple of weeks ago, I went here for dinner with a friend. The service is exceptional and the food is great. I would definitely come back.
Cute spot. Food was good. My daughter had the tandoori chicken. We shared samosas and naan. I had the grilled veggies and some chickpeas. Great service. Definitely will return.
Take it from a Pakistani/Indian girl this is the best Indian food I've had in Brooklyn and I've been to a lot and always am disappointed. From their appetizers to their entrees to their dessert--everything is delicious! The restaurant is nice and big from the inside and it doesn't even smell strongly of Indian food which is a hard feat. Must go-to!
One of the best indian meals I have had in Brooklyn.  The staff are really friendly and warm.  Every dish has been cooked to perfection
The food here was really good and so was the service! Highly recommend if you're looking for good authentic Indian food and atmosphere.
Great friendly staff, and tasty food. (Even let me bring in some wine)! Plus, non-stop Bollywood on the tv! Sexy, love it!
Delicious food. Everything was super fresh and full of flavor. The service was some of the best I've ever seen. Highly recommended for dine in or take-out.
The food here is amazing. I went here with my two roommates tonight and we had such a great experience. The food is delicious and the portions are large. There are also a lot of vegetarian options. The service in the restaurant is great and they also do delivery. We will definitely be coming back!!
Absolutely the best Indian food I've had in my entire life. The food is yummy, flavorful, and well presented. And the service, our waiter was such a delight.
Excellent food and excellent service! We have eaten here several times and the food is superior Indian! Their appetizers are outstanding. We look forward to going back again and agin.
Really good customer service! Lunch special is amazing. One of the best Indian restaurants I been to in Brooklyn. Very clean place too.
Very classy place. A hidden gem. Delicious food. I would recommend the chicken vindaloo. Don't miss out
Best Indian I've had in a while. Everything was fresh, tasty, and light. Dansak curry, mango lassi, naan, and especially the vegetable samosas were really good! Very kind wait staff.
This place is amazing. We ordered from here 3 times in the past week and we've loved the food each time. I am hooked on their chicken tikka masala, samosas and garlic naan.
We have tried nearly every Indian restaurant within 2 miles of our street and Bombay Grill is the best we've had.  Everything was delicious from the malai kofta to the samosas.  Also, the service was very friendly & attentive.
i go in once a month, have lunch. really solid food for the price, and portions are great. only knocking one star off for the ambiance. Im not expecting much, but the youtube channel on the flat screen is kind of annoying, constantly being switched up from the laptop at the cashier. It is a taste of a different culture through the music videos though. Service is pretty terrible, but not offensive, it simply almost doesnt exist.
Loved the vegetarian platter and red snapper. Great service, very fast, and even got comped samosas!
Awesome addition to the neighborhood! Have ordered take out from this place twice, and both times it was fantastic. First time we got dinner, and had the chicken tikka masala, aloo motor gobi, naan, rice and mulligatawny soups. Amazing!  Really enjoyed all of it, portion sizes were quite large and everything was great quality.  I then ordered the tandoori chicken lunch box special on Sunday. When I showed up the order wasn't ready yet, but everyone could not have been nicer. I took a seat to wait, and they brought me some papadom to munch on. Food came out quickly, and again was excellent and a fantastic value. The inside seemed nice, too - I definitely plan on eating in there sometime soon.  All around great spot, best Indian I've found in the Bedford Avenue area.
Service was on point, food was on point. And it's byob which helps my wallet stay on point also. Definitely gonna go back soon.
Amazing, great customer service. Food was delicious. Definitely cominng back with my whole family. Just ask for maria shes amazing. I asked for what should I order and she recommended an amazing meal
I don't know how I missed this place. Must have walked past it a hundred times. It's the best Indian food I've had in New York. I love it. Plus, the freebies every now and then are great -- samosas, rice pudding, papadam. If you like Indian food, this is the joint to go to.
Ordered take-out from this place, and while the prices and delivery itself were fine, the food is mediocre at best.
Delicious dishes, reasonable prices and warm customer service at Bombay Grill! I'm impressed by the attentive, friendly staff who provided us a great dining experience (including free dessert!). We had generous portions and especially enjoyed the ka chories and chicken tikka masala. I really recommend dining here if you are looking for great Indian in this area.
Excellent food. Very friendly staff. We had the vegetable samosas, chicken tikka masala and chicken tandoori and it was all delicious. Definitely going to be coming back.
