Ate here back in February. The food was great overall, except for a lamb curry I ordered which had all bones and two pieces of meat. I brought the food as take-out so I didn't notice until I got home and started eating. I called and asked for a refund for that dish and was told they'd refund me... still waiting for my money back. I really liked the food but I'll never eat there again. Update: followed up with restaurant and they refunded my money. Taking one star off for the huge delay but the food truly is amazing.
This place is absolutely fantastic.  The owner and whole team working in there is very friendly and always so accommodating.  The food is absolutely fantastic.  Have eaten much of the menu and never been disappointed.
This is a fantastic local Indian spot. No frills, but the owners are nice and the food rocks. You can easily spend less than $20 per person for dinner. If they have the special Bronzino--get it!
The best Indiana!!! Tandoori Chicken yum, spinach paneer, nan, samosa all terrific... hidden gem!! This is a must go if you like Indian food!!!
We've ordered from here 5 times in the last 6 months. Every single time the food has been FANTASTIC!!! Which is why we go back over and over. Unfortunately we can't say the same about the service. This place is 0 for 0 with their service. We're so tired of the horrendous, disorganized, clueless restaurant service. We'll wait 6 more months before we go back. Hopefully they'll improve by then but I don't foresee that. If you go, prepare for an obnoxious wait time. Consider yourself forewarned.
Manjal is a sensational eat! Excellent service and attention, catered each plate to our likings. Food was amazing!
I was very excited to have an Indian lunch option in Glen Rock, which has so far been a vegetarian food desert. Alas, I was disappointed with my stale-tasting paratha, heavy-yet-soupy paneer tikka, and mealy samosa chaat. The cauliflower Manchurian was pretty enjoyable, but also pretty fried. I suppose I could conceivably be back, but I'm not going to be stoked about it.
Solid Indian food choice. Best I've found within 20 minute drive. Only complaint was that chicken was inconsistent. As if they added new chicken to the old batch. Some pieces were dry and chewy and others were great.
The food was great but poor service was offered.  First we was served in a jug that appeared dirty. Secondly, when my soda came... the ice in my cup was dirty . It got changed when I complained. Lastly, we wasn't given cutleries so we had to grab one from the next empty table. Only giving 3 stars because the food was really good.
I went here for the first time last week and was pleasantly surprised! The place is small (only about 12 chairs total) but one of the workers mentioned that they plan on expanding soon. It seems that most people carry out their food. One reviewer said that they don't have a bathroom for the customers, but when I asked to use the bathroom, the happily showed me where it was (through the kitchen, which I've seen in other Indian restaurants as well.)Now for the food! I'm not one for spicy food so the mild spiciness was perfect on my chicken curry and my boyfriend's lamb curry! It was enough to give some heat without being too much. I recommend getting the rosemary naan! I've never had naan with rosemary before and it was delicious! My only complaint was that there was not enough rice for my curry to rice ratio, although it was perfect for my boyfriend! I highly recommend eating here!
Sweet mother of our lord and savior Michael Phelps this was some good food. I've had Indian dishes from everywhere from take out to upscale restaurants and overall this was one of the top Indian meals I've ever had. It is a small place, reminiscent of what you'd imagine a Chinese take out to look like. Don't let that fool you. The food was restaurant quality. In fact, it was better than at places I paid much more at. I ordered a selection of items to gauge the overall quality, as this was my first order...Samosa - top notch, well seasoned, crispy on the outside, soft and delicious inside... Like a magical pouch of awesomeness.Onion Bhaji - these always reminded me of a kicked up potato pancake. Sure, it's made with chickpea batter instead of potato, but that just makes it more superfabulous. Two oniony thumbs up.Papad - if you know Indian, you know these delicious crispy cracker things. It's like a kick in the face by a gang of cumin seeds. Chicken Tindaloo/Vindaloo - I would bathe in this. I've loved Vindaloo since I first heard about it on the tv show Red Dwarf and it introduced me to the world of Indian food. At times I've been disappointed by the versions I've had. Not this one. It was spicy, but every herb and spice shone through. The chicken was tender as a baby angel's bottom, and the potatos melt in your mouth. This one gets five stars with a cherry on top.Chicken Tikka - my wife had this, so I can't comment on it personally, but she loved it, and it looked heavenly.Butter Naan - perfect side to soak up the extra curry sauce. Muy bueno! (That was a fusion compliment)Mysterious fried flat bread thing they gave me for free - damn delicious, wish I knew what it was, because I'd like a shirt made out of it.In short (or long), go here, buy their food, and keep them open, because this place needs to stay!
An amazing and fun menu and enthusiastic staff.  I leave filled, content and happy.  I ordered the Salmon Tindaloo and was thrilled with a very spicy ghost pepper medley of potatoes, a hearty portion of salmon and vinegar.  I sampled the dosa off menu as I asked for a small one .  Yummy with an excellent filling of potatoes Ann onions.  The Madras Coffee was very good but served in a paper cup.  The place just opened but ambiance was still above average compared to local places but the walls were bare which I am sure will change soon.  If you wonder if meals are made fresh, you need to check out the 5 foot high spice cabinet!!!  Exceptional!  Very fun.  Good luck guys!! Plenty of parking in back of the restaurant.
Top notch.I was a little heart broken when Brick Lane Curry in Ridgewood closed.  So I was elated when I tried Manjal.  I understand the owners are a former matre d' from Brick Lane and a former chef at Kalish.  With such a combination, it was sure to be good.I was not disappointed.  The food was excellent.  Much better than one would expect from a place that set up more like a take-out business than a full blown restaurant.  They have only about 5 or 6 tables, but I have never had a problem being seated promptly.  The black pepper tiger shrimp appetizer is to die for.  I never had anything like it, and it is great.  The rasam soup is very flavorful, and worth trying.  If a dosa is your thing, they make them good here.  The curries are great, and of a good variety.  The chicken biryani is plentifull, fresh, and tasty.Prices are quite reasonable, and byob.Just recently, they have opened another location, on Godwin Avenue in Ridgewood.  The food is just a good, and the decor is nicer.  As of now, they are also operating their original location in Fair Lawn.
Went here for my wife's birthday for lunch.    The ambience is sparse but the food and flavor was plentiful. Started off with samosas and pakoras which were delicious.   Moved on to chicken khorma while my wife had chicken tikka masala.   Also shared several sides that came with her lunch special.   All flavorful and with just the right amount of spice.  Finished up by sharing a mango mulai dessert.  It was pleasing on the eyes as well as the taste buds.    Should have gotten my own.     The owner/server said that they have imminent plans to expand next door and will then offer a buffet lunch. We plan on going back now that we know it's there and it's in our town.
Really great food and really great service. Lots and lots of vegetarian and vegan options!
Great addition to the blossoming food scene on Lincoln Ave. We order via yelp the Chicken Tikka and Spinach with Paneer. Those to-go containers come FULL. We were stuffed with delicious rice, curry, and creamy spinach and I had a little leftover for lunch the next day. Not the best Indian food you'll ever have, but definitely good quality and taste. If you are in need of your fix and are located in the North Haledon/Hawthorne/Fair Lawn area, this is a great and much-needed new option!
This place is amazing. I had the (get ready for this) Tikka Masala/Makhani, Curry Goat, Karma Matar, Chicken 45, Manmadha Rasam Soup, Vanjaram Varuval, couple Malabar Parotta, couple Butter Naan, and Mango Malali with a Lassi drink. Flavors were delicious and I will definitely go back again. Highly recommended!
One of the best places for kothu parotta. Even the tomato soup was really good. Best part of our experience here was that they gave a complimentary dessert post our meal. Will definitely go back there.
Really good food. I got something a bit too spicy for me but they compensated it by giving me the same meal for FREE but less spicy. Superb service.
Just ordered takeout - probably one of the best Indian food I've eaten in a while.  Very tasteful with attention to the ingredients ... I am content. Chicken tikka and the shrimp are amazing.
The food was better then a lot of places, just not my favorite. Service is slow especially for such a small place
First time having Indian food and I'm so happy I tried it here first! Picked up lunch and it was great, lots of different spices but very good food
Listen it's a store front and no frills but they get the award for best chicken Tikka Masala!! Great food and the owner is a really nice guy.. this is genuine Indian food....some of the best!!!
Food is good and people there are nicer. We did two catering and few take out orders.
Great place, amazing food. It comes out quickly and the staff is very friendly. I would recommend to anyone who enjoys quality food. It can also be very spicy if that is what you are into.
This place is absolutely incredible, I might say best Indian food in New Jersey possibly best on the east coast. Complex flavors, reasonable prices. don't let the ambiance, or lack thereof, fool you! this is home cooked Indian food made by one of the nicest chefs/owners I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. ask for it spicy if you want it spicy he can make it happen!!
This place is absolutely amazing. The owner made a joke about Trumps wall in comparison to his wall blocking the dining area from the kitchen (he said it was Trump's wall) I was dying. The food is fresh and all homemade. The spices are to die for. I had chicken tikka masala w/their garlic bread(light tortilla type).. I was blown away. Since my friend and I went their for the first time he gave us a complimentary mango malai. It looks like a funky soufflé but tastes like a sweet light heaven. OH, & the after mints (called safari) were great and get rid of spice-breath. More than happy.
Love the food. The service was terrible. Ordered in advance and still had to wait an extra 30 minutes. Then, when we received our food, we were missing the extra rice we paid for and the order of samosa chaat was half the size it was the last 3 times we ordered it. Very disappointed this time.
Horrible service and food !!!'I ordered shrimp briryani and couldn't finish it because of other items I had . I just ate a piece of shrimp and asked them to pack the rest ! They gave the foos to someone and gave me a tiny box of biryani . Then I said I didn't eat anything and it seems to be very less . Then they gave me some frozen biryani on top of it  with 2 pieces of shrimp . I called them and I complained then they said you can microwave the food to make it hot . I would never go or recommend anyone to go there . The food is frozen !The worst service ever had . They say their food is fresh but it's all frozen !
Stopped by after a recommendation from a friend. Chicken tindaloo and gobi Manchurian was awesome!  Garlic naan was perfect way to soak up the sauce.  Highly recommend. The gentleman working was very courteous and provided great recommendations from the menu. Can't wait to go back.
Really awesome food. We checked out today and had a wonderful Indian lunch. Finally, Fair Lawn has a much needed good Indian restaurant. Don't forget to have their Chettinad curry and ask for "kothu parotta", and I bet you won't go disappointed. Check it out today!!!
Stopped in last week and we loved our meal! Started with samosas and the king fish appetizer - both super fresh, well seasoned and got us over our initial hesitance to go in since it is new, very small and we were the only ones there.  We got very excited for our shrimp entrees - a Tindaloo and a tikka masala like sauce I can't quite remember the name of, both of which were absolutely fantastic! We also got naan and another type of bread the owner recommended - the first one on the list - which was so flaky and delicious.  I'm pumped this place moved into my neighborhood and has food at the same or better quality level as Brick Lane at better prices.  We'll be back for sure!
The smell when you walk in says Welcome!The food was absolutely delicious. I am very happy to say the 5stars is a conservative rating. The flavors and quality I cant find any where like this. My family and I ate until we were stuffed which left us feeling superb, satisfied, and very happy. This place is now my go to place for super tasty healthy food that makes you feel great after eating it. With great pride I happily continue this 5 star rating. The quality speaks for it self! Next time we go I plan on just randomly trying anything. Everything has to be good. Thank you MANJAL!
I can't say enough good things about this place. Finally tried it out after anxiously awaiting its opening and it's beyond perfection! The place is cozy, quite unassuming but the food is out of this world AUTHENTICLY delicious. I live dangerously close to this restaurant as I will be stopping in quite often. Much success to this place, very refreshing to see some culture come to town and not have yet another pizzeria open up.
Tonight is my first time here. It's a small place with big flavor!! I tried a variety of things and everything was delicious. Service was great. They even through in a few extras just for me to try. I will definitely be returning. I loved it all!
Very nice staff, great food. Location is pretty convenient with ample parking. Menu offers a wide variety of Indian foods with a twist on other things like pizza. Only downside was the decor of the restaurant. May opt for the take out/ delivery next time around!! I am looking forward to ordering at this restaurant again.
FINALLY!!!  Good Indian food without having to travel. We needed a good local place. Picked up food for the family. From mild to spicy everything was fresh and tasted great. People were so friendly and threw in a free dessert. Will be back soon!
The food was good but to dine is not the best choice . There are only 4 tables.  No music. No decorations at all. The service was terrible.  Waited 1 hour for food and only 2 tables there.  Food was very good...so just order in, ahead of time,  and take home!!
This is the best Indian food in the area. The dishes are perfectly spiced. There are plenty of items for vegetarians. We especially liked the Gobi Manchurian appetizer with a phenomenal chili-garlic sauce. The Channa Masala and the Aloo Gobi were not greasy as they are in some restaurants.  The service was excellent. There is plenty of parking. I truly enjoyed my meal.
Did takeout last weekend and thought the food was really good.  I will say that for those who love their spice, you will love this place.  Even though we ordered mild, it was still a tad bit spicy for us; however, we still really enjoyed it & felt the quality was there.  My only other minor criticism is that the chicken tikka masala was a bit on the sweet side (as another reviewer mentioned), but it was still tasty.  There are tables, but I think it's more of a takeout spot.
I love Indian food and have eaten at a lot of Indian restaurants and this is without a doubt one of the best.  The smell when you walk in is unbelievable and the food lives up to the smell.  We also spoke to one of the owners while there and he couldn't have been any nicer or more accommodating.  Not only is the food delicious (the samosas are clearly homemade) but the menu has some really interesting choices.  I can't say enough about this place - its a real gem.
I'm from Philadelphia and was wondering to find a nice Indian cuisine when I was around here, My gaaaaawwdddd... Best food ever;) all chicken items and especially the pizza was just amazing ! Haven't eaten anywhere else so nice in the recent times!
This is perhaps my 4 th visit to Manjal Indian Fusion have only done takeout). At first it seems like an unassuming small shop tucked away on Lincoln Avenue. Please don't let this fool you.  The food is divine. They have a variety of options and will make things vegan for those of us who are (total plus). The Naan/Kulcha/samosas/entrees and the dosa will make you come back over and over again. If nothing else, please try their Gobi Manchurian... it is delightful. Support local business and please give this place a try, you won't regret it.
Best South Indian (I would argue any Indian) restaurant not this area. Keep up the quality and service. That will be the challenging part.
Great food good taste ..  Very affordable and great staff.. Very well satisfied.. Will be looking forward to come again and again.
this place is phenomenal! tried it when they just opened and been hooked since. my boyfriend and I pick up from them almost every Saturday now. I can't even recommend a particular thing because everything we've tried has been amazing. I find myself craving and fantasizing about the chicken soup almost daily. the workers there are so kind, warm and welcoming. so happy to have this place be so close to home!
Authentic South Indian cuisine. Really tasty and healthy food. It feels like I'll never miss Indian food anymore. Great service.
This place is pure gold. We called them way too late, but they welcomed us in, staying open past closing time to accommodate us. The waiter took the time to help us analyze the menu and even advised us when would be the best time to drink our mango lassis (laced with strawberry syrup). We ordered the homestyle vegetable biriyani, vegetable korma, and chicken tikka masala pizza, all generous portions that were expertly prepared. The spicy biriyani was the perfect complement to the sweet korma, and the thin crust pizza was actually made from naan, and delicious. At the end, we were introduced to a dessert called gulab jamun that looked like purple plums, but were a milky sweet delight. We finished off our meal with a nice conversation with one of the owners. Highly recommended!!
This place is insane...go grab when you have a chance.. name it.. the Chef kills it.. his name is "Swamyyy"... I have been following him since 5yrs.. he's insane.. we have to be lucky to have the food that fills us and make sure we can ever imagine that we Ever forget it!!!
This new Indian place is spectacular!  All the food was delicious.  Only two very small complaints, one the tandoori was precooked, except the salmon and shrimp.  The salmon tandoori was a really pleasant delicious fresh surprise.  The Nan was buttery and delicious.  We had Keema Mater it was spicy and flavorful.  We had some korma sauce with some kind of cheese cubes that was to die for.  I've tried many Indian places all over and although this is currently just a little converted Chinese take out place (they are expanding next door) it's worth the trip.  Great experience.
Favorite new restaurant. I travel to India for work and this place is for real. Delicious food and quick service too. Raj is very personable as well.
What an amazing addition to Fair Lawn. Stopped in to eat dinner, but it was so crowded, we decided to take the food home. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, which came with a large helping of  basmati rice. Then, got a  masala dosa, which was absolutely delicious. The owner threw in some desserts for us to enjoy, which was so thoughtful and was a beautiful way to end off a delicious meal. Prices are extremely fair and affordable. This is by far one of the most amazing   Indian restaurants in this area. Highly recommend!
Finally I found one south Indian restaurant serving 90% authentic food. Since it is south Indian restaurant, I tried my favorites such and kothu Paratha, Biriyani and chennai coffee. The egg in kothu paratha should have been more minced and be blended with paratha in spite of that, there was no compromise in the taste and flavor (5 Star). There is still some room to improve on the biriyani but they are much better compared to other restaurants around Bergen county (4Star). Chennai coffee was on the milkier side which is not the way chennai coffee is supposed to be (3 star). The place is very small. It can accommodate only 20 people. The service is very slow but the people are very friendly. Overall it a good place for someone wanted to try south Indian food. Don't order the tikka masalas, naan, and other north Indian stuff in this restaurant (not that they are bad).Try all south Indian menu that is what this restaurant is for. As many of them may not have seen these items in many Indian restaurant menu. I will definitely go there again.
