This was a pretty good spot for a late night option. Customer service was decent and food was good. I ordered the spinach, chickpeas and garlic naan. No complaints.
Curry here is just OK. I actually haven't found a curry place yet in NYC (I'm a transplant from Seattle) that wows me.Got the Chicken Tikka Masla combo which came with 2 sides, I chose Palak Paneer and an eggplant dish with rice. The amount they gave for 11.99 was good but the flavors just werent there. It wasn't bad but missing the punch that I know great indian food can have.Garlic Naan was good, not the best I ever had but definitely the best thing I tried there.I would recommend this place to people who cant deal with the complex spice palet
After discovering my new love for Indian food, I just had to trek down to Little India to grab a quick bite to eat. 26th to 30th streets between Lexington and Park Avenues has some of the best (if not THE best) Indian food that the city has to offer. There are so many restaurants to choose from that I found myself bookmarking 3 more places to eat at as I was walking back to school. I found myself stumbling upon this place after searching for authentic homemade Indian cuisines here on Yelp. The venue was somewhat hard to find, but in the end, I found myself sitting down  and devouring a Chicken Tikka Massala. The service was great and the woman who served me even perked up a smile. The chicken was tender and savory, while the spinich and eggplant complemented the basmati rice well. Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here and I will be returning in the future. Would I recommended this place to a friend? Sure! * The lunch combo is 2 choices of vegetables with one choice of meat for about $10. I didn't know they served mango lassi because they didn't list it on their menu board. I was really looking forward to trying it. Next time!
Never given any indian restaurant a 5 star review in my life. Mostly because the places at curry hill all suck and are absurdly overpriced. Watch out curry hill. Curry express us gonna F your S!?# up.Ordered two combos with chicken tikka, one with cauliflower and nava-something and the other with okra and that same nava whatever. Also ordered a samosa chaat.Everything was hugeeee. And amazingggg. Best cheap indian in NYC hands down. In fact best indian I've had in nyc period. And it was delivery? Wtf. Yes! It was delivery. It was very large portions for an incredibly reasonable price (combos - $9.99 and samosa chaat - 6.99). Every dollar was worth it. The flavors were godly. The depth of flavor was insane. And so well spiced. Like damnnnnn son. So good. I will legitimately never get indian from anywhere else as long as i live here. Period. Do yourself a favor. Order through the yelp EAT24 app. So damn amazing. And timely.
Food was great! Basically buffet with great options. The food tasted really good and the portions were huge. Needed to take some home.
I love Indian food but I was not a fan of this place to be honest. While the staff was friendly, my food was cold when when it was served and mediocre. The atmosphere had a generally run down feel and didn't seem well maintained. Their credit card machine was also having issues, so i had to wait awhile to pay since I wouldn't pay cash, which wasn't the biggest deal since I was in no hurry, but is kind of an issue when you're running an "express" establishment.
The staff were friendly and the food was served fast, hot and was a decent portion size. Naan came separately and was fresh and tasty. I liked the pitcher of water on each table. However, the food was mildly spicy and had no other flavor except for a prevalent bitterness that I had never tasted in Indian food before. I didn't find the food salty as some others have written. Although I had ordered a vegetarian platter, I found a long hair which I was pretty sure was not from a vegetarian source. One of the staff saw me pull the hair from my mouth and brought over a complementary kheer. Nice gesture, but am unlikely to go back.
Stopped in for lunch as I was dying for some Indian food. I got the chicken tiki with two sides for 11$. Food was fresh and delicious. Workers and what I assume was the owner, were also very nice.
Amazing Food. Rajma and Lamb Korma was excellent. Delhi wali feel. Complimentary milk tea rare to find in US.
Big portions.  Takeout was a bit on the messy side.  Food was decent.  Priced fair.  Has all the standards:  Chicken Tikka Marsala, Saag, Naan, etc.
The worst meal I've ever received via delivery. The delivery was over 45 minutes late and when it came it was cold and a messy disaster. I'm so disappointed because overall this place has good reviews. I will never be ordering from nor going to this place again.
You know you've come to the right place when taxi cab drivers are illegally parked outside just to get take-out. Curry Express is such a place. I had just gotten off the shuttle from LaGuardia to Grand Central Station and was looking to pick-up some food on the way back to the hotel. Again, Yelp steered me in the right direction. The restaurant isn't much to look at from the outside or inside. A majority of their business likely comes from take-out and delivery. Despite of its dive-y appearance, the food from Curry Express is on point.For about $11, I got a humongous plate of food which included fish curry over rice, saag paneer, a mushroom dish and garlic naan. All the items were delicious and well-seasoned without being overly salty. I know there are a lot of Indian options in the area, but Curry Express is hard to beat in terms of overall quality and value. I'll be back if i''m ever in the area again.
Must be under new ownership.  Different people, smaller portions and overly salted food that left my fingers numb.
This place is easy, quick, and satisfying. There are combo plates you can order that has one main meat entree with two veggie side and comes with naan and rice. It's cafeteria style so you see all the food in front of you when you order. We tried the chicken tikka masala with various veggies like the daal, veggie mix, eggplant, and potatoes. In addition they have awesome mango lassi. It's really thick and rich so I add a bit of water to make it lighter, which also increases the volume of the amazing goodness that is mango lassi. In any case, you really have a good selection here including desserts. The eating area is simple and minimally decorated. There is a flat screen tv that is playing Bollywood movies. Only complaint is the level of salt in the food. They can do with about half the amount...
Wanna get filled up for under $10?  I usually get the veggie platter: rice, three items, and naan.  Pitchers of water on the table.  Indian music videos on the TV.  Lots of choices, great flavors.
I highly recommend Curry Express. I've tried several Indian takeout places in the area and this beats them all! The dishes are not bland and more tasty and than the other restaurants. I highly recommend the Chicken Tikka Marsalla for a meat dish and the Brinjal Bartha (mashed eggplant and tomato) for a vegetable dish. It goes lovely with the Basmati rice, which is complimentary. Prices are very reasonable. This is my go to Indian place for now on.
Stumbled upon this neighborhood gem. Food is fresh delicious and large portions. I need to visit more often!
Curry Express was one of the better Indian places I've been to. The chicken tikka tasted pretty good, and the restaurant itself is open late. I can see myself coming back for late-night eats.
The food is sometimes excellent, and sometimes very authentic. Too inconsistent. The naan here is probably the worst in the world. I have no idea how you make such bad naan, so I have stopped ordering it.
A hole-in-the-wall spot with great, plentiful food. I enjoyed every bite!
Curry Impress would be a better curry because I would be more impressed with it.Curry Express on the other hand was a fairly average Chicken Curry, especially considering we're in a hotbed of amazing Indian food (NYC). I haven't had too much great Indian in Manhattan... mostly it's all in Queens in my experience. Which is limited. This is one of the few curry places in Midtown that was affordable and I can't lie, I definitely enjoyed it. If it was up in Buffalo it'd be one of the better places. But considering that it's down in NYC, I can't give it more than a 4.It was roughly $10 for the curry, the rice was okay, the chicken was good, the sauce was heavy and plentiful, it was lightly spiced and nicely flavoured, but nothing world-changing like some curries can be. The service was fine and the price was fantastic for Manhattan.I'd give it another try but not before I've tried a lot of other curries in the area, and I've already had at least 10 that were much better in NYC, and will be giving most of those 5 stars and reviewing them soon.And if it was the Curry Empress then it would be a female ruler of India. And she would probably be hot. Because Indian girls in NYC are usually hot. In my experience. Especially Indian girls in Queens. Yes I mean you. There's only one I could be referring to.
Ate there three times. Last time, they raised the prices and lowered the quality.  Not a good combination.
this is typical new york city indian food. its fragrant, very mild and as all the other reviews say, cheap. its great if you want delivery for your variety of friends or co-workers. if you're looking for that legit indian flavor, this isn't it. the navaratan korma was surprising, it was full with random veggies like potatos, carrots and broccoli on top of the to-be-expected paneer. it was arguable the best part. the naan was very thick, slightly doughy but it was better than the rice, which was completely bland and rather dry. the tandoori chicken, which i asked for as spicy, was neither flavorful or offering much kick. that being said, it was tender and there were a lot of pieces. Oh, and I will say Katie really enjoyed it, which made me happy because she doesn't have much experience with Indian food so this gave her a positive impression. i'm happy because the food made others happy. And ultimately, that's the point of indian food. seriously. its family style food. so i will be ordering from here again, although it can definitely be better.
First visit the lamb curry, spinach, and cauliflower was rockin! I came back the following week and tried the chicken tikki masala, cauliflower, and lentils. Even better!I was hesitant to try the chicken tikki masala because the sauce and color is not common to me, but I could not put my fork down!! Every bite was so flavorful. I love this place
Totally worth the trip to come here & bookmark this right away---for lunch and or dinner. Everything is extremely cheap, filling and tasteful.Possibly the best veggie samosas I've had--and check this, 2 for $2.50. They're large and in charge with flavour.Not too crazy about their rice tho. All their veggie sides are extremely filling and tend to almost taste sweet to me. Deff had a different flare to what I'm used to.  Get a personal pizza pan looking side of Nan for $1.50 and you will not be let down, its charred perfectly and the garlic one hits the spot also. Free water at every table! hoot hoot! don't forget to watch the bollywood movies and music videos which will make your meal even more entertaining. where do these people get the energy?!
I've been to Curry Express on a couple of occasions now, and I'm a fan! Most recently, I shared the three vegetable platter, an order of the vegetable samosas, and the garlic naan with my friend, and everything hit the spot. One platter serves up more than enough food for two people, so between that and the samosas and the naan, we had more than our fill. For the platter, we chose the lentils, the mushrooms, and the palak paneer. The samosas were a great way to start off the meal; the naan a delicious side. And since a side of naan comes with the platters, the garlic was only a $1 extra. I definitely plan to return!
Fast, cheap Indian food. What more can you expect? It's a little grungy on the inside, but ideally you're getting take-out from this place. They don't have salt lassis here (sad panda), but they do have sweet ones. The platters are more than enough food for one person.
My wife and I stumbled on this place.  After shopping for spices we were looking for a place for good, affordable Indian eats.  What a find!  The place was full of cab drivers.  A good sign I thought.  The food is excellent and reasonably priced, two dishes, two naan and two Snapples, 22$ and we had enough food for dinner.   This place looks like a hole in the wall but don't pass it up.  Some of the best Indian we have had in a while.  Solid 4 stars.
Fantastic!  All 12 people in my office thought it was great - we could taste fresh ingredients, it wasn't all just the same spices, and it wasn't super heavy.  Really great.  Too much rice, and don't forget to order naan - it doesn't come with.  Portions (large) are huge.
My go-to take-out spot. Great prices, great food. Chicken Curry is my fav, and love the platters with the sides.
The food here is very SALTY.Follow the good reviews here only to taste the most salty Indian curry. Portion is small and, comparable to Curry in a Hurry, price is not as cheap as people claim. Will not go back.
I dont know what everyone is raving about.. But terrible tasting food!!! All i could taste was the creamy butter. Veggie korma had no other taste. Not acceptable, not even for 10$ :(
Total gem. The place is basically a hole in the wall, but the curries are delicious, the portions generous, and the prices great. Their food is much better tasting than most of the fancier Indian restaurants I've been to (the naan is made fresh the moment you order and comes out steaming).
Great Indian restaurant with fast service and cheap price with authentic Indian taste. Their chicken tikka masaala is great
Curry Express is an Indian takeaway restaurant with casual seating. I came with a friend on a Friday night for a quick bite to eat. The food is already prepared in a cafeteria-like style, and you can pick from a big selection of curries, stews, vegetables, rices, etc. They also have a separate section of Indian desserts and treats.I ordered their veggie combo that includes three vegetarian dishes, rice and naan. That was way more than enough food. The food is good, but I mean, it is a carry-out restaurant, so the quality isn't amazing, but it's good for the price. Two things that I like about this place are:1) They cook their naan to order, so we got freshly baked naan with our meals. Yum!2) Everyone working here is extremely nice and friendly. I made a comment to my friend that I liked "those fried paneer balls", and the next thing I know, one of the guys working there gave me one on the house! That made my day.
A HORRIFYING experience.I'm going to have to keep this short and simple; just thinking about my night makes me want to puke (which I almost did). The food is very basic, definitely nothing to rave about. It was, however, served with an ample supply of flies swarming around. Towards the end of my meal, one literally flew into my curry and drowned in it. That's when I realized I had reached my limit.Don't even get me started on the bathroom; it was probably the filthiest bathroom I have ever experienced. If their bathroom is reflective of their kitchen, this place needs to be shut down ASAP.Moreover, when it was time to pay, they tried to overcharge us. If you care about your health, do yourself a favor and avoid this "restaurant" at all cost. I would give this place negative stars if possible. Shameful.
excellent food,  excellent service and huge dishes. I'm definitely coming back! chana was great and dal was fantastic.
This place looks like nothing but it's great. Good food, very nice people, and some bizarre Indian wrestling (women, mud, guys) on the Punjabi station on the TV.I had chicken tikka masala with chickpeas, vegetable korma and garlic naan. My husband had the goat curry. Both were great and very filling. We couldn't finish it all. I think he had the spinach and another vegetable, not sure which one. I was too fascinated by what was on the tv.All in all a great, inexpensive and fun little spot for a quick and yummy lunch.
Five star. There's no way around it.When you walk into a restaurant and want to know if the cuisine is authentic, look at the patrons. Do the majority match the cuisine? Well then it's probably authentic and not americanized as much as the other places.Sure, the interior of this place is rather bland, almost fast food-ish if not for the TVs and slightly superior-in-comfort booth seating along the wall.As for the price, we're talking perfect balance. $10 dinner, $7 lunch style with big portions. The food itself was perfectly spiced. We had the Chicken Tikka Masala dinner plate ($9.95) served with rice, a vegetable side (eggplant and potato I believe) with samosas, water and naan. We were both stuffed to the brim and not once did the level of spice overtake the flavor. I almost wished it were spicy (it really wasn't at all spicy) but the level of flavor that was attained was unquestionable. A quick $10 meal at this restaurant left me Yelping to find a similar one back home (Montreal) because I couldn't stand the idea of not tasting this again until my next trip to NY (I will certainly be back on my next trip!!!).Seriously though, so damn good.
This place has great food and is perfect if you're looking for a quick bite to eat. I would recommend the 3-vegetable platter. Everything is always excellent when I go for lunch.The only thing preventing me from giving this place 5 stars is that one of the cashiers working in the evening (not the woman who is usually there during the lunch hour - she's great) tried to overcharge me for the meal that I always order, and was very rude when I questioned him on it.
It's about time I wrote a review on this place. I've been eating here for the last three years. First, however, I would like to discuss the interesting business that is Indian food in America. As most will admit, Chinese food is cheap mostly because there are so many Chinese restaurants and they are all willing to undercut each other for more business. This is essentially true of Mexican, Thai, and various other cuisines of developing nations that have set up shop here in the US. Why, then, of all these cuisines, is Indian food the most expensive? Is it the food? Does it cost more time and money to make? No. Most of their dishes are usually large pots of stew that are cooked in advance or large portions of starch such as biryani. Tandoori dishes are the exception. Are there too few Indian people in America willing to make Indian food, thereby driving up prices by shrinking supply? Are we in a dire shortage of Indian immigrants? Obviously, the answer is no.So if we have a plentiful supply of Indian food purveyors who can make this cuisine at a reasonable cost, why then, does Indian food cost so much more than Chinese or Mexican?COLLUSION.Indian restaurants keep prices high because they know you will pay it. They know that no other Indian restaurants are lowering their prices so they are in no danger of losing business. It's a scam. This is why you never see Indians eating at your Indian restaurant. I never did, anyway, until I came here.To this day, Curry Express remains the only Indian restaurant in which I regularly see brown people dining with their families. Maybe it's the delicious and, I hope, authentic food they serve, or maybe it's the low prices beloved by generations of older immigrants. For whatever reason, this place hits the sweet spot in terms of quality and cost.I recommend the dinner special in which you get a meat and two vegetables plus rice and naan for a mere $10. Sure the prices here are comparable to Curry in a Hurry or Haandi or a number of other hole in the wall places around these parts, but I'm convinced the taste is superior; and it's open until 3AM to boot!
Solid place Delivery in the window I was given Prices are very good for Indian food Portions are fair Taste is delicious Tika masala very goodKhorma good Sag paneer good Rice - okaySamosa and nan both tasty Tamarind sauce could be more pungent Looking forward to ordering again!
I've had lots of Indian food around nyc and have been disappointed a couple of times, but when I stumbled into this place I was blown away by how delicious the food is. Most buffet style Indian places a have a variety of foods that more or less taste the same, this place however, is fantastic. This place looks a bit shady and is tucked away, but don't judge it till you've had the food. Had the chicken tikka masala special. The garlic naan was unbelievable and the Masala was superb, the meal was huge and even came with a soda. Delicious, cheap,extremly flavorful and would definitely recommend!
THIS PLACE is YUMM! Theres so many options for a quick Indian-food bite so be brave and try them all! haha! so far I have two down. yay me. The first place I tried was a miss, not very flavorful and expensive for the amount and taste. I ordered pick-up, veg korma, spinach paneer. There was only one person at the front so it made service a little slow. As I see it, it comes with the culture so I don't get easily irritated at all. Actually, I was even given a few little extras to make up for the time. Other Yay! The food was filling, flavorful and enough.Happy full me.
Not a substitute for Indian dinner buffet but it gets the job done.One thing I miss the most about Penn is Indian buffets. New York has its fair share of these establishments, but so far I haven't found a decent dinner deal. At Penn, $12 got you all you can eat food, mango juice, and some ice cream to finish. While Curry Express isn't all you can eat, with the selection and portions you get, it comes pretty damn close.Their dinner special ($8.99) is preset every night, but they are very flexible to choices, just as long as you choose one protein and two sides. It comes with naan (original or garlic) and usually a small side dish as a surprise. Their food might look gross at first because it's hard to tell how long it's been sitting out for, but for the most part it's fresh, hot, and I've never gotten sick. My personal favorites are chicken tikka masala, spinach paneer, eggplant, chickpeas, and okra.Another thing I love is how friendly the servers are. It's usually the same guy, and he's always so friendly, smiley, and eager to please. Smile back and maybe you'll get an extra portion of something. Their desserts are worth trying, although I personally think they're all too sweet (drenched in honey). At $1 a piece though, you might as well sample a few.Really a no frills restaurant, don't have high expectations and you'll leave stuffed with delicious food!
A friend and I stumbled upon this place while we were looking for delicious indian food without puting a hole in our pockets. Good selection of food. Cheap prices compared to the others on Lexington Ave. We ordered ALOT of food and ended up paying less than $40. Nobody hovered over us to kick us out even when we finished eating. Plus we were there to eat on. Friday for dinner. They certainly have a lot of take out orders. Definitely recommend this place to all.
Delicious, big selection, dirt cheap, AND friendly staff!? Yes these are all qualities held by this indian treasure. Everything was very good, the meat was a little dry but the sauce made up for it. There are pitchers of water at every table (which I love). Plenty of vegetarian options, my favorites were the saag, paneer, cauliflower, and this fried cheese thing whose name I couldn't pronounce, it came with a sweet yet savory, spicy, sour, totally unidentifiable, delicious mystery of a dipping sauce.I will be back! 100%
I was wandering around with my friend and went in while looking for a quick place to eat. This is a hole in the wall Indian place. They have a good selection of various meat and vegetable curry dishes, all for under $10. This is a good alternative option to the fancier sit down and/or buffet Indian places in this neighborhood, with good size portions and tasty food.
I went here on a weekday evening around 7p. It wasn't crowded, had one person being served before me. I got the chicken tikka masala and I couple sides that I can't recall, and garlic naan. The wait wasn't long for the food and the staff was attentive and cool. The food itself was delicious, in pretty generous serving size, and at a cheap price in Manhattan. Nothing super crazy tasteful or surprising. but just solid, convenient, flavorful Indian food at a good price (~$10) that you won't be hungry or dissatisfied with after you're done
Great food and awesome service. We come here a lot after work. You can get a great meal for less than $10.00. Try the chicken tikka masala and all the naans they have to offer!
Hands down my favorite to-go Indian place in the city. Had to choose this for my first yelp review :-) Although there are several good spots in the city to get Indian food, they are on the creamier and fancier side. Nothing wrong with that, but if you're looking for something that's close to the real thing back in India and completely non-pretentious, then this is your spot. Being a vegetarian, I'm super picky about the way my food tastes, as honestly that's the only thing we got going for us. My favorite thing about this spot is the way they balance out their dishes. While they do some dishes the more richer and fuller way as you would expect of restaurants when you dine out in India, they do some of the classics like Daal (lentils) and Palak Paneer (Spinach Fresh Cheese) just like your mom would - simple, healthy, not drippin' in oil, and finger-lickin' delicious! If you prefer the richer style still, you can pick from their other dishes like Navrattan Korma, or Chilli Paneer (Asian Indian Fusion). My non-vegetarian friends dig this place equally well. They really try to stay genuine to Punjabi style of cooking. Some recommended dishes are : Yellow Daal, Black Daal, Rajma (Kidney Beans), Palak Paneer, Kadhi (Yoghurt Curry) over rice, Bhindi (Okra), and Baigan (Eggplant). A MAJOR WIN is that they can do breads the traditional style too if you ask them. So you can get the Roti (Whole wheat) done on the flat pan instead of the oven (so they're softer and much more yum). I always get two of those with Veg Platter ( 3 choices of curry, yoghurt, salad, rice ), all for a ridiculous $8. If you pick the right things it makes up for a decently healthy complete meal. And if you go back here often, they remember you and your preferences and are very generous with their portions!Pro-Tip : Watch out for their Paneer Bhurji (Grated Fresh Cheese Dish) on Tuesdays, this is just stuff home-made dreams are made of!
I came here in a terrible state. But they took care of me and the pilaf and chicken skewer I had were life saving. Gotta love those hours too.
Went to this place based on Yelp reviews. Huge mistake!!!The food was average to poor.  I always finish my plate and I simply couldn't do it here.  The restroom was simply disgusting and any time the door was opened it felt as if you were eating there. Not a pleasant experience at all.
Great indian food for the price, tastes home made. Love making a trip here coming from uptown and also open late which is a MAJOR plus.
Large portions and cheap. Great fix for your Indian craving. Quick friendly service and hot food. Like others, I've ordered the "special" chicken tikka masala with vegetable samosa. Both dishes were delicious and will last as there's plenty of leftovers. Trust me, portions are HUGE! A few negatives regarding the meal- the masala could use more chicken. Garlic naan could use some more salt (it is bland otherwise). Their online ordering system needs a fix. I tried to place an order for 20 minute before putting on my coat and walking over. After the "lukewarm food" reviews mentioned by others, maybe that's for best.
I have yet to try some of the other express Indian places in the city and can't authenticate it but this quick-serve restaurant is outstanding. Perhaps there are better, and there certainly is worse. However, when compared to the general average of what one can receive in Indian food -- in sit-down restaurants, or wherever -- there is little better. I have yet to stray from the vegetarian options, but the flavor of each dish is so distinct that I can imagine their meat dishes to be very good as well.The price is reasonable for lunch, and the service is so quick and on-point that you can eat/pay in about fifteen minutes. Also, I've never been sick from their food, which is very important amongst the smaller businesses that might lack the health consideration of corporate dining.The small complaint is that their naan takes a bit of time to come out because they heat it up when you order it -- so there's a delay, especially if you want to eat it with the meal.There's apparently an excellent Indian place in Parkchester that is of similar excellence, so I will see how it compares . . .
i miss this place so much.my go-to indian spot when i lived in the area. now i just find any random excuse to be in the curry hill area or i drag my friends here.it's definitely a hole in the wall, but i don't mind. decor can improve, but who cares? the food is consistently delicious and so affordable. the 1 protein/2 sides combo will have you smiling and rolling out the door.i usually get the chicken tikka masala. always good. also when my friends see me get the tikka masala.. they always pick a different protein. score! i will be picking their plates. i've tried almost all the veggie sides. all are good but my go-to are the chickpeas and aloo gobi.
Ah this place is so good! I would always come here for takeout. The curries are really nicely spiced and the vegetables samosas are just AMAZING. I could literally eat them all day. The downside I would have to say is though that the meat in the curries can be kind of tough and not fully flavored.
Great deal. Food is a little too spicy for me, but great quantity that I couldn't finish (and I am a big eater). $11 special of chicken tikka, rice, peas, and a vegetable that they allowed substitution!I left $1.50 tip. Semi-cafeteria service.  Too chilly (mid-January), so I ate with my coat on. There is incessant, but modern, music & videos from a channel that had a contest for the 'NRI of the year'-- which I had to Google to find out it was Non-resident Indian
After reading Brian Jin M's review and how he went 4 times in 1 week... I was sold. Motherducker that was good. Wow. I looked at his pictures and opted for similar stuff. The lamb biryani was awesome. It was plentiful. The lamb chunks were boneless, but big. I advise you cut the pieces up and obviously eat it with rice. Yummy. I also had the cheese naan. Holy poop. This. Is. Good. Really good. It totally looked like a thin bar pie. All this for one person. I finished the biryani because it was that good. I ate half the naan, and foiled the rest and snacked on it late in the night. I recommend this place with no hesitation. Total came to $11 and change. Totally worth it.
Let me start by saying I used to work in this area a few years ago and loved this restaurant. I went last weekend, and at 8 months pregnant, I was so sick I thought I was going into labor.  The food was so salty it was inedible. We told the staff member, who was occupied watching the soccer match, and he said, "Really? I tasted it today and it was fine."The little bit that I did eat made me so sick I was pinned to the toilet for the next 24 hours.  And the next day I was in the hospital for fluid loss and possible early labor.  Luckily, I am OK now, but I will NEVER play with my life like that again. Eat at your own risk!!
Food was a bit bland, but if you get the special you get a large portion.
I can't vouch for authenticity, but I think the food is really good. For a reasonable price, you get a heaping mound of delicious food. It's great. Also, they have a ton of vegetable curries and I haven't had one I didn't like. (Eggplant and spinach are my favorite). The veg curries rotate around day by day. The restaurant is super casual, which isn't always a bad thing when you want a quick, cheap, easy, yet delicious and filling meal. It's not five stars because I've had some issues with delivery. Whether it's guiding the delivery guy on the phone for 15 minutes, or me ordering and getting a confirmation, yet my food order never actually gets delivered, I find it easier to go to the actual restaurant sometimes.
Being a Cancer (yes, I wasn't effected) I get very set in my crab-like ways, especially if I'm in the mind set of wanting Indian food.  And by Indian food, I mean palek paneer; always.So, having kept a mental note on where this place is every time I pass it after a work luncheon, I venture to this place after work last Thursday.  The Curry Express was completely dead, and the only noise that filled the place was the TV talking about the stars of Bollywood.  After coming to my senses from being hypnotized by the screen, I remember my original mission.  I was greeted by the cashier with a 3 second smile and asked what I wanted.  I was quick and direct - large palek paneer for ~$9.78.  After it was warmed up in the kitchen, I asked if it came with rice - nope...that's extra.  Really?  If we all had to pay extra for white rice with Chinese food, it wouldn't be so popular.  I just said fine whatever at that point, and pay about $10.70.  It's been three days in my crab shell, and I still have some leftovers remaining.  That is really the only plus.  The favoring is just okay and by far not the greatest I've ever encountered.  It wasn't spicy even after days of sitting in my fridge.  Hmm...I call this Americanized Indian food.
I LOVE Curry Express. It's always delicious, always cheap, always reliable. Definitely the most affordable and tastiest option in the Curry Hill area.
The Battle of Curry Hill has absolutely no winner. Its either the food looks so bad you don't want to try it, or the food is just mediocre and you don't want to try it again.Oh you want chicken tikka masala with naan? Let me put the chicken tikka masala over some rice, and then ask you what side dishes you want. C'mon, you're Indian! You'd probably know I wanted to eat it with naan...This would have been something I would have overlooked if it weren't for the fact that even on top of the rice, the chicken tikka masala was mediocre at best. To make things worse, after you've finished half your food, you'll realize that rest has been subjected to Hurricane Katrina, or Nemo, or whatever hurricane you want to call it. There it was, half my food, sitting in a puddle of water.Curry Hill unfortunately pales in comparison to Iselin, NJ. I wouldn't be more than willing to look past the quality of the food if the prices weren't "Manhattan" style.
Creepy delivery guy that never has change (not even for  a $20)  - checkQuick , healthy food that tastes phenomenal - checkAffordable, reliable, & quality food at a great price - checkI love their creative use of vegetables.  They make them taste so good , like candy.  As a kid, I used to hide my veggies In my napkin under the dinner table so my dad wouldn't force me to eat them.  If he actually knew how to cook them like this, we NEVER would have had any problems!
I got curry chicken! Amazing!  On my list of cheap NYC eats that serve huge portions!
Went here for lunch with a co-worker, and it was everything that I could have wanted! The portions were excellent, the service was pretty quick, and the food was tasty. Only reason I can't give 5 stars was that it was a bit oily, which slightly turns me off from pretty much all Indian restaurant food. I was actually super pleased with the lunch selection- not a full menu, but both veg/non-veg options made well with a delicious naan made fresh on the side.
Precooked and microwaved dry chicken.  Over priced for what you can get for the money but not bad for manhattan and mostly edible.  A bit rundown and dirty and not friendly staff.
Ordered takeout from this place around lunchtime, plenty of space to sit if you wanted to. Everything is already made and they just scoop it into a plate or container for you. I got the curry chicken with a choice of two vegetables (spinach and mushroom) for under 9 dollars (7.95 plus tax) Plenty of meat and a good amount of vegetables.
Authentic Indian food for best price. Top 5 percentile of taste amongst Indian food in Manhattan.
Not bad, not great.Find it odd when I got curry that the chicken was bone-in. Kind of put me off to have to pull apart my chicken in a curry dish. Like that they're open pretty late.
Have I told y'all how much I love Curry Express? I used to work in the area and this had become my go-to purveyor of Indian lunch food (I've been promiscuous with my Indian places over the years but this one was definitely a keeper). It is definitely better than most sit-down joints and might just be my favorite Indian in NY.They've definitely given this place a little bit of a face-life since the last time I was there. Gone is the certainty that animals are being butchered and handled right in the kitchen, but some things, like the always assuring presence of an all-Indian patronage (think neighborhood workers, cab drivers), never change.A lunch special (which costs $1 extra after 5 pm will come with chicken, goat, fish, and 2 veggie dishes, will set you back a whopping $6-8. But what impresses more than the prices is the plethora of options and the high quality. The tandoori stuff, the masala, always 2-3 types of chicken curry, and now also biryani-like entrees. Of course, you don't want to miss the lentils, chickpeas, paneer, peas and mushrooms, and all the delicious goodies in the veggie section. Ahh, so good!
As a Boston native, nothing will ever beat Guru the Caterer for cheap, no-frills, authentic Indian. But Curry Express comes close with its good food, friendly employees, Bollywood music videos, and ridiculous prices. 6.95 for rice and 3 veggie entrees in midtown Manhattan is ludicrous. 2 samosas for 2.50 and naan for 1.50?? I've enjoyed everything I've had there, including saag paneer, bhindi masala, aloo gobi, chana masala, and baigan bharta. There's a surprisingly vast array of options, which would be scary if not for the brisk business they do.
The food was priced pretty cheap. I came in around 7:15pm on a Tuesday night. Ordered a plate of Biryani with rice. I had to wait about 10 minutes because the food wasn't ready. I was surprised because Biryani is a very popular dish and 7pm is a popular time to come in, so I was caught off guard that I needed to wait. That wasn't a make or break for me because I was in good company. When I got the food, it was a hefty portion of seasoned rice with small pieces of chicken. Each spoonful was mostly rice and a rationed about of chicken. It wasn't seasoned too well and it was bland, but it hit my Biryani craving.Why I give the place a 1 star is because I woke up at 3am the following night with extreme stomach pain and a 30 minute bathroom session. I don't think this is a normal procedure for their customers. I think it was due to the fact that the chicken might have not been fully cooked, as it was rushed because I was waiting a long time. I don't plan on coming back, mostly out of fear for my stomach. I don't doubt that the food is great, but I just had a very bad experience when I came.
Great, cheap, quick, authentic Punjabi food! I used to eat here 1-3 times a week when it was right on the way home for me.
I don't eat out at Korean restaurants in NYC that much. It's not that I don't like Korean food and yes I am proud to be Korean and to be from a country of 5,000 years of history. That being said, only a handful of Korean restaurants in NYC are actually edible and are wayy overpriced. But I digressOne of the greatest thing about living in New York is the endless choice of food options and cuisines. When I moved here 6 years ago, I tried Indian and Pakistani food for the first time and was hooked immediately and probably had Indian takeout at least 3 times per week when I lived in Midtown (Hells Kitchen to be precise) Now that I live in the UES where options are limited and streets are filled with boring and expensive ass French bistros and sit down restaurants, there's really not much to 'take-out' other than trekking to East Harlem for Dominican and some Mexican food. But for me, personally Dominican food can get boring and repetitive. I mean which country doesn't have rice and beans and roast pork? Every freakin Latin American country has that. But in the case with Indian, food is made with spices unique to India and use indian cooking techniques which shows its rich culture. I am a big fan of countries with food that has many special techniques instead of covering it up with mother sauces like the French and the Chinese do which is really meh~ to me. I just had dinner of Goat Biryani ($7.50) with a side of Paneer Cheese Naan ($3.00) and it was probably the best dinner takeout I've had in a while and reminded me once again how much I love Indian food. The portions here are generous and they are not skimpy on ingredients. Biryani literally had huge meaty chunks of goat meat in them and was very good and filling!! Cheese naan came out looking like some sort of Herbal Pizza which was awesome as well. I also got some Indian sweets later on and the girl behind the counter offered me a free cup of Indian Milk Tea!! ^^ Staff are friendly and smile at you as you walk in. This is not a fancy restaurant but definitely a no frills kind of place if you're in the area and need a quick but hearty fix for lunch or dinner and don't want to get Korean food or enter a fast food chain, this is the place you should go to!! It's really clean and bright restaurant and even though I've seen Yelpers check in at nearby Curry in a Hurry, I think this place is so much better and much cheaper as well. I'll definitely return to try other items!!Now I know why sex (Kama Sutra) is HOT in India, to me great food means great sex lolCredit Cards Accepted and Restrooms Available!!
I have probably walked by this place a dozen times and have been really tempted to try it. I finally walked in today and boy, was I in for a real treat. I got 2 orders of the veggie samosas and naan bread. (One order of samosas is enough since it comes in 2 bountiful pieces).I have a healthy addiction to veggie samosas. I get the frozen ones from Trader Joe's whenever I'm in there. I really liked Curry Express' samosas. It was flavorful and filled with rich spices/curry, which really warmed up my chi. Yes, I know I am using spiritual terminology to describe my food experience. Plus, I used the brown sweet sauce for my naan and added it to my samosas. It was DIVINE. Yes, I know my Indian friends are probably thinking, "What do you think you're doing?" Just imagine Buddy Elf putting syrup on his spaghetti, but even bettah. To each his own. I will be back. :)____I love their veggie combo meals as well. Great selection of freshly made dishes with rich flavor and spices. I love my Indian food!
Went here about once a week to pick up lunch when I worked in the area.  Not necessarily giving this 5 stars because it's the best Indian food in the world, but it was always great for a lunch combo.  Meat and veggies were always solid and the portions were plenty for me.  Only letdown was their samosa which was a little mushy and came with watery sauces.  Server was always friendly and I was in and out quick.
I came here on recommendation of my vegetarian friend and wow, she was right- it's cheap, big portion and pretty good in taste.When my fellow food adventurer and I walked in, we were a little weary because the food was under heating lamps and looked like cafeteria style servings. However, since my friend recommended this place, I thought I'd give it a go.Note that you can have option between rice with veggies or just plain white rice!My friend was bold and got goat+chicken+1 veggie combo platter - which is about $8.The goat was tender and didn't smell. That was a pleasant surprise. Normally, goat meat reeks and I cannot even sit near it. However, their goat was pretty delicious. The chicken curry was even more delicious. The tender moist chicken, not over boiled in curry and the curry was quite tasty as well. Not too spicy, and not too sweet. Just the right balance. He also got cabbage veggie as the vegetable option. It was cabbage, carrots and Indian cheese. It was pretty delicious, but the curries engulfed its flavor since it was more on the bland side.I had chicken tikka masala- safer route when trying out new Indian place- and had two veggies. One was spinach and another eggplant/ potato mixture. They were all pretty delicious. However, my tikka masala was a little bit more water down than I would have liked. Theirs was more tomato base than cream, but the woman who scooped up the curry gave me lots of chicken chunks, so I couldn't complain too much. The spinach and eggplants were seasoned well, but overpowered by the tikka masala, which was spicier than many other Indian restaurants I tried it in.Lastly, we ordered spinach samosa. Partly because this man rushed in ordered one, took a bite and decided he was going to buy another one because it was delicious, but partly because our meal was so cheap, we decided to spurge a little more. The samosa is warm and tasty. It's seasoned well and it's stuffed with spinach. It's not cheap samosas where it has more exterior than stuffing. This is STUFFED as much as possible with spinach. Very good and I'm probably going to crave it later.Overall, not too shabby for 2combo dishes+ 1 can drink+samosa , which came out to little less than $20. The food was pretty good and we were very satisfied. The only negative may be that the you get rice and the curries are just scooped on top of the rice. The server does separate each curries, but in the end, it is all merged, so you are simply left with the strongest flavor of what you have chosen. I'm going to try again and ask them to give me the rice in a separate plate. Hopefully it'll be less of a mixture of flavors. Other than that, pretty good for the price and clean seating area. BTW- they have A on the window!
4.5 stars. Food taste, price, portion and authenticity is 5 stars. I got 3 veg dishes, rice, and naan and it was less than $10. The palak paneer was literally the best I've ever tasted, the okra (bhindi) and vegetable korma were deelish too. Minus half a star because as delicious as it was, it wasn't spicy at all, which I personally like when I eat Indian food-maybe they make it to appease all palates? Also, it was a bit too salty, I kept on reaching for more water (complimentary which is great) and it would've been impossible to finish without the naan (or with a roti). Still, definitely come here, it's wayyy better than Curry in the Hurry. I was still dreaming about it the next day.
I was in curry hill for an appointment so decided to pick up some takeout on my way home.Yelp said this place was decent so I gave it a shot.I know this place is fast food style but by the time I got home the basmati rice was all soggy from all the Chicken tikka Marsala, something I'm very particular about. Sauce and rice separate please. I rather pay extra to get the curry a separate container.The curry tasted alright, I found the sides such as cauliflower potatoes to be funny tasting and the broccoli cabbage just didn't really go together in my opinion. Chicken Tikka Marsala was ok.Cheap meal though.. combo with 2 veggies = 8 dollars. not bad for the portions.
their lunch specials are gentle on your wallet and generous in portion. for $10 I got the chicken tika masala, spinach curry, and peas and potatoes over rice with garlic naan. the food was very good and so filling. this will be my go-to spot when I'm craving indian!!
So cheap! Delicious and filling. I love taking friends here, especially those who claim inexperience with South Asian cuisine. Both times, I had to hang on to someone while walking back to the train.
The food is very good. The price is fantastic.Walking in here, the place is on the small side, and not a "nice" restaurant, but clean and the service is easygoing and very friendly. The portion size is usually so big that you can share with a friend, or you can take some home for leftovers. The prices are great. Nothing over $10. And it all comes with rice & plain or garlic naan. Gluttony at its best.
Food was actually pretty good, despite the fact that I came here around 11:00pm randomly. But anyways, their naan was GREAT. I was really surprised with the quality and flavor of their naan; it was addicting.The curries on the other hand, were mediocre. The chicken tikka masala was below average and it was full of chicken bones. I couldn't get a single bite of curry without bones, which was hugely disappointing. I also got the eggplant/potato curry, which was good, but not as spicy and was a bit too potato-y for my taste.But the naannnnn. omg.
A really good cheap lunch option here in Little India.  One of the better Mango Lassi's in the neighborhood.
**Update (2/22/14):  I gave this place a perfect review when I first visited, but wanted to check it out one more time to confirm things. Surely, it had to be a fluke, a hole in the wall can't be this good can it? Truth be told, the food left such an impression on me, that I had been craving it for weeks, so I finally went back for dinner. The test would be chicken tikka masala this time.  Why? Well, CTM is probably the most widely known and popularized Indian dish in the states. It's usually prepared in large quantities since its so popular, and its usually a good quality indication of an Indian restaurant. 9 out of 10, it will be bland, dry or too watery, and very heavy with too much cream/butter to try to add flavors vs the proper balance of spices. As I was hoping, Curry express did not fall into that categories. They delivered, and the CTM was very flavorful, and really nicely balanced. I also noticed that they had small batch of it, and when they would run low, the guy would yell at the kitchen, and 10 minutes later, a fresh batch would come out. Curry express lived up to my expectation, and I couldn't be happier. The sheer quantity of food you get here is incredible. I got the CTM special, which came with half a plate full of the stuff over rice,  two types of vegetable curries, and a choice of regular or garlic naan. All for $9.95! He even threw in a small plate of salad at no charge. I was absolutely full to the brim after this meal. I haven't been to the other Indian restaurants around Manhattan yet, but for now, I'm claiming curry express as the best Indian restaurant in the city. It hits the trifecta in terms of flavor, quantity, and price, and I for one will be coming back here on a regular basis. If you're in the area, def check them out.
OK, when I walked in, I was the only person there who was not Indian. That alone should tell you how good the place is. Best Indian restaurant I've ever been to, hands down.It's like a cafeteria-style restaurant. There's someone behind the counter as you look at the food, pick what you want him/her to put on your plate. I ordered rice with three vegetable sides plus naan. For my mushroom side, he said they weren't spicy, but they totally were. That's OK, it's a good thing I like spicy food. So if you're intolerant to spices, this place probably isn't for you.Oh and the best part? The Indian music videos!
Friendliest most accommodating service. Great basic Indian food for a hard to beat price.
You know what you're getting yourself into when you enter Curry Express.  Cheap food? Check.  Delicious Indian food that you know that's bad for you? Check.  Uncles staring at you who tend to be taxi drivers? Check.  Should you be drunk and enjoy it even more? Check.Cheap, Indian food.  Can't beat it.
I only stopped in for samosas, and while the lady behind the counter was extremely nice, the samosas were only okay. I'm not sure how fresh they were. The filling was also a little bland. This spot seemed decently popular for lunch, however with all the other Indian options in the area, I wouldn't make it a point to come back here.
I don't really have much to say about this place, the food wasn't bad at all.  Just wasn't impressed, it was good for the price and if I ever wanted quick, cheap, decent Indian food, this would be my go to place.  The guy behind the counter was awesome and he was funny.  I don't know if there is a nice way to serve Indian food on styrofoam plates, the food just looked sloped on and not very appetizing...
As usual, this is review is overdue..I come here frequently, the food is tasty, fast and affordable..I absolutely adore their samosa chaat! I'd eat everyday if I could :)Stay, and eat in while enjoying the Bollywood on tv..and After your platter or chaat don't forget to try the coconut gulab jamun..soooo good!
I'd have to agree with yelper Debbie that this place deserves a solid 3.5, not quite a 4.For the price this place is on par with nearby restaurants handii and slightly cheaper than Lahore kabob.There are several combination platters to pick from. I had the chicken and two vegetable selections for 6.95 which comes with riceThere are two types of rice and unless you specify you automatically are given white rice. I wish they had given me a choice. There were two chicken dishes to choose from but again they don't tell you there is a choice I stopped him mid way from scooping the chicken in curry sauce to ask him if there were other choices. Go for the large pan of what appeared to be roasted chickenYou get salad and yogurt only on request
As someone who has loved Indian food since I was a baby and has worked a couple blocks away for almost two years, I've eaten a decent number of lunches in Curry Hill.  Curry Express is a far cry from the best Indian food I've had (The Bombay Club in DC) or the decadent Indian buffets I've gone to in Central Jersey (esp. Palace of Asia), but it's cheap and serves its purpose.  Also, I enjoy watching the Indian music videos and cricket matches on the TV there.
Sloppy and awesome. This might be the best cafeteria-style curry counter in Manhattan. I've visited at least two dozen other places like this; some have more flavorful food, but nowhere gives you a better deal than Curry Express.Their $5.50 three-item vegetarian platter is sloppy but *way* generous... The orange-red-tinted vegetable curry is so rich and saucy, it's become the standard by which I judge other generic vegetable curries. I usually order it alongside the saag paneer and the baingan bharta, although the menu is different every day and I am not disappointed when I have to choose something else. The Okra is great, as are the lentils, the cabbage, etc. Awesome. Slop town but awesome.TIP: If they offer you your choice of rice, GET THE VEGETABLE RICE. It is so good.
After coming here at least 1 - 2 times per week for 2 entire college semesters, I felt I needed to update my review.No, it is not the most amazing Indian food you'll ever have and yes, you can find better...BUT, it is consistently good, tasty, flavorful Indian food at an AMAZING price--especially for the area.  $6 for rice and 3 veggie curries?! $1 for a samosa OR an aloo tikki OR a gulab jamun?? LOVE :)Usually, I get take out to bring back to Baruch and devour it there.  As such, I've sent countless peers their way who begged to know I got the food when they smelled the wonderful aromas and saw me devour the yummy goodness I get from this place.  Not surprisingly, many have become just as addicted as I am.  If you work, live, or attend classes in the area--this is a great spot to make a regular on your list.
First time trying out this restaurant based on Yelp reviews and I'm not sure why everyone likes this place. Our delivery took a little over an hour and the food was lukewarm (had to re-heat). Please note that I am of Indian descent and the one thing I know is Indian food (if I know anything at all). We ordered multiple dishes: Malai Kofta, Dal Makhni and Veg. Jalfreezi. Malai Kofta: The kofta's (the little vegetable balls) were bland and the gravy tasted and resembled daal more than the gravy that normally should be with the dish. Dal Makhni was bland (I really didn't think it was possible to have bland Indian food, but congratulations Curry Express, you did it!). Lastly, the Veg. Jalfreezi is supposed to be spicy. This tasted like they boiled vegetables and added some food coloring along with salt & pepper. The whole thing was just awful. We couldn't finish the food and ended up having something else. First time I've ordered food that I couldn't bare to eat. I called the restaurant back and informed him about the food and he just flat out denied that his food tasted bad. Needless to say, I won't be ordering from here and neither should you. I should've gone with Vatan (and so should you!) the next time you want tasty Indian food.
This is the place to go if you want some spicy Indian food at a good price! My favorite was actually the garlic naan. It's so soft and well done! I also liked the chicken masala.
Don't be fooled by all of these high ratings.If you want so-so Indian food,but good portion size,then definitely go here.You can get a lot better from one of those carts than the food here.The chicken tikka was dry.The sauce didn't have much bang.Everything I ordered tasted watered down.I am still in search of a decent Indian place.
Good value and tasty Indian food.  No decor, but the sofa seating in the back is very nice.  Fairly friendly staff behind the counter.  Good spicy Indian food.  Was not wowed by the naan bread.Nice selection of Indian desserts for $1 each.  The person behind the counter had no idea how to describe most of them, but they were very sweet and generally very good.  Highly recommended for a cheap Indian meal  in a place with no decor or table service.
This place feels like a mix of a cafeteria/fast food place and something I'd find in Jackson Heights. It's not exactly bad, but its not exactly great either.The food you'll get here seems to be a little more catered to American tongues than South Asian ones, despite all the cabbies you'll see here. The reason why I'd go here is because its fairly cheap (only during lunch imo). It's probably a better idea to come here with another person, share a plate of chicken tikka masala with some naan and be done with the affair.It's probably good for drunk munchies too, but how would I know, I don't drink.
This is a great place to go foe their buffet or delivery. The Lamb Korma is great, they have vegetable rice that is wonderful, and the Tandori Chicken is moist and delicious. They deliver it hot and within an hour, usually less and it is always good to have a large container of their white sauce for the chicken. Their Naan is good, it just needs to be heated for a few minutes at 350 degrees when you get it to make it hot and a little crispy. Garlic or onion Naan is recommended. All ht dishes are good and a lot less than other places, sometimes half the price. This is where all the cab driver eat and they know where to go to get a fast, hot meal for a fair price. They are one the best in Curry Hill!
We were dead tired and decided to just order delivery at our hotel so I called Curry Express based on yelp reviews. We placed an order for a large portion of butter chicken (a creamier version of chicken tikka masala), garlic naan, and and veggie plate combo. I had the lady we spoke with choose the most popular vegetable dishes for the combo and the order was placed smoothly. Despite a small miscommunication error, the food arrived with no problem. Luckily for us, it was tons of food and lasted us for 2 full meals. The butter chicken was creamy, savory, and full of spices. It also came with a large container of rice. The vegetarian combo plate consisted of curried cauliflower, eggplant, and some sort of vegetable filled balls (for a lack of a better description). The vegetable balls were my favorite -flavorable, sweet, and great texture. The garlic naan was fresh and had great garlic flavoring. With all that food for $20, it was a super reasonably priced deal.
Awesome for a casual meal- the combination deal is very good and I enjoyed all the dishes I had. Mesmerizing Bollywood videos were playing on the screen and it was hard for my group to tear ourselves away.
Great taste and price is reasonable.I also want to compliment is the fact that their food does not contains as much oil compared to many other indian restaurants.
extremely nice people and big portions at a reasonable price. unfortunately, i now have food poisoning and while i can't be 100% certain i have a sneaking suspicion it may be due to this establishment as i prepared all the food i ate yesterday other than the one meal i ate at this place, which now seems to be making it's presence known in a most unpleasant manner. i sincerely hope i'm wrong but just fyi.
On my way to take advantage of the great deal to be had at Haandi, I decided maybe I should try somewhere new. Came across the good ratings here in yelp and decided to give it a shot. Happy with my goat curry platter here. Goat curry, cauliflower and spinach over rice $8.95. $1.50 extra for a naan.  Pretty good flavor, not spicy.  The restaurant looks much cleaner than the average spot in the area.  If come here again. But for takeout, I'd be just as likely to go back to Haandi for a lower price, more food, and food that seemed just as tasty.
We live in the area, have tried numerous local places for easy takeout, and we have been consistently pleased by the samosas and chicken tikka.  We do not like spicy food, so the flavors of these products work for us.  Additionally, the staff is nice and accomodating.
It might not look like much, but the food is great.The daily special is $10.95 for a meal. that is one main course, rice, two sides, and either garlic or regular naan. This is more than enough food for one person. You will be very full and satisfied.There is not much seating, about 5 tables. Did I Mention that everything is less than $12! The vegetarian meal is $8.95.The staff is always nice. This place has great food for a great value, and it is open late.
Clean curry place in Murray Hill.  I actually prefer it to the more famous curry in a hurry.
Curry Express is amazing - the food is delicious and very fresh. The owner and his staff are so nice and always accommodating!  This not just my Indian food 'go to' place, but my overall favorite place. Oh - and so reasonably priced!  I've eaten here many many times and have ALWAYS had an amazing meal!
My husband and I have been ordering from Curry Express on 29th Street and at its previous location on 33rd Street for many years.  And their food has always been delicious.  We ordered in again tonight for probably the 70th time and I found a very unpleasant surprise in my samosa.  A large grey pebble.  Almost broke my tooth.  I called to advise them and also stopped by the restaurant with the evidence a little while later.  Their response?  No apology.  No offer for a free appetizer in the future.  Just "it must have been in the chick peas".  This is customer service?  I think not.  Not sure I'll ever order from them again.  What a shame.If you do order, be very careful to examine the food first - you never know what you will find.  Good luckUpdate 10/25/2013It's been 3 months since we last ordered.  Here are the results.#1.  Ordered $21 worth of appetizers and a $7 small entree.  I was told that complimentary rice was not included since we didn't order a large entree.  REALLY? Have you no sense of customer service?  Only when I pointed out that we spent $28 did they relent and send rice.#2. Food arrived and our Samosa Chaat was ice cold.  Called to complain.  Response?  Yes we know, but the rest of the food was hot.  I'm stunned.  Clearly the management has changed at this restaurant and I doubt  we'll be ordering again.  Too bad, because the food is pretty good.
I went there for a late lunch today with my wife. We shared the vegetarian special of the day which was cauliflower, spinach and chick peas on a bed of rice. Everything was very good. Also the place including the bathroom was clean. The local Indian neighbors were eating there which to me says a lot. I would be a regular customer if I lived in NY.
We went in while walking on Lexington Avenue, searching for a new place to try. Got attracted by the very cheap prices of the dishes. We had combination platters, spanning fish, chkn, lamb, mushroom, gobi and mix veg. All was served on a combination rice. Am happy to say that, for the price, the food was surprisingly very tasty, and we thoroughly enjoyed. We also ordered tan-door leg pieces, which was just OK, and probably could have been treated with some more spices. For me, the best one was the fish curry. I had such soft well cooked and properly fried fish after a loong time.Its not a very high class place, so what we got for seating was as per expectation. We had decent space and the tables were comfortable enough for me. So i have no complains.The person taking order for us was very gentle, nice and well mannered. He seemed genuinely caring for everyone ordering, even out of line. When we went to pay, the same guy made our bill, but the person taking orders at that time, looked very rude to the person ordering. He was not dressed in serving attire either, so i guess he would be manager or something, but his attitude is what kept me from giving this 5 star (relative to the price of food there), and probably would have turned me away immidiately if he was taking my order.Still, for a place this cheap, good seating, not very high class but authentic homely taste to food (to an Indian), and some very friendly staff, is enough for me to give it another visit while am nearby. If you are not someone who wants very high class treatment always, and just care about cheap good food, this is just the place for you.
Just classic Indian food. The reason I only have it 3 stars is because the delivery was relatively slow and they forgot some of our food. It's cheap though.
Came here on a Sunday at around 8pm and tried the chicken tikka masala, eggplant, and curried cauliflower/potato. This main plus 2 sides came on a mound of vegetable rice. Pretty good deal for $8, but everything could have been a lot hotter (temperature-wise). I almost asked them to pop the whole thing in the microwave for a couple of minutes, but changed my mind because they use Styrofoam plates, even for eat-in. I also got the garlic naan, which was freshly made and had minced garlic on top. Personally, I prefer a thicker, more buttery naan, but I suppose my waistline is grateful that it was not.
Wow, this place had a serious makeover.  Super clean and "bubbly" in decor -- in the same spirit as Pinkberry.Cheap as hell.  Dirt cheap.  Hella cheap.  Yet the look and taste of the food, hands down, reminded me of my mamma bear.  I was pleasantly surprised -- I didn't have to hop on a plane back to Cali for mamma bear grub.Hubby had limpca (Indian lime soda, 100% artifical, but it's super limey), garlic naan and chicken tikka (he eats Indian food like he's not brown).-garlic naan:  soft, intensely garlicky (tons of garlic on top of the naan), you best love garlic if you order this-chicken tikka:  juicy, perfect yogurt marinadeMy bff and I split a vegetarian combo (choice of rice or bread + 3 veggies).  I think we ate aloo gobi, chana, cabbage/mushroom/peas dish).  Super spicy.  Perfectly seasoned.  Not oily.  Everything about the flavor was right on.  The food tasted homemade.We grubbed down around 11:30 pm.  I arrived with my double stroller.  It was a tight squeeze but we fit.  All the patrons were middle-aged men.  Maybe the scene is different during the day?Grand total:  Less than $15.
My favorite in Curry Hill. $7 for veggie platter with roti/naan at lunch ($7.75 for the same at dinner) and the food is the best of all the cafeteria-style places (and really better than most of the sit-down places). I work in the area, and every now and then I'll try to mix it up and go somewhere else, but I usually back out after seeing their spread and run back to Curry Express. Plus the service is much nicer at Curry Express. Oh, and they have a great dessert spread.If you're reading this, stop and check it out.
Buffet style food .. good food when you need a quick bite. Tried the chicken curry pretty good.
Price-wise, this Indian/Pakistani joint really can't be beat. For less than $9 you'll get a heaping, generous plate of chicken/goat curry, two or three different vegetarian side dishes, rice, and 4 pieces of piping hot, straight-from-the-oven, naan bread, and all of this will be enough food to feed you for two days if it doesn't manage to break through the bottom of your paper plate. Unfortunately, my heaping dish of goodies was only lukewarm, and I felt the curry to be a bit too runny and flavorless for my taste. Clearly there are many on here who disagree with me, so it's sitll worth a shot when you're in the area and looking for cheap grub, but I had my hopes up from all of the stellar reviews and they were somewhat shattered. Still, it's been 24 hours and I don't have food poisoning, and am still dreaming of the tasty naan bread, so I think all-in-all I did pretty well last night.
This place serves up a big platter of solid indian food for under $10. You get an entree, a couple of vegetables, rice, and regular or garlic (pick garlic) naan. I have never had a disappointing experience here.
Delicious food for an inexpensive price?  Sign me up.  Their food was so delicious smelling I almost started eating my dinner on my way home.  Luckily I controlled myself, and when I did get home, it tasted as delicious as it smelled.  I went right back and had it for lunch the next day!
I get some food from here couple of times a week. The Veterinarian Indian deal is one of the best in NYC. for $6.50 you can get a very nice mealone bad experience on Sunday, very crowded and the food was not good. but the bottom line is it is a good place to have a vegetarian/indian food in the area
It's a good place for the price, but not really a good atmosphere. The food was pretty good though, and so was the service. I got the special with chicken tika and nan.
This is now my "go to" spot when I want some curry. I live in "Curry Hill" so I've been to pretty much every Curry house in the neighborhood. $7 for one meat, two veggies, a boat load of basmati, and a dish of raita.  Food is always tasty and portions are good. Can't go wrong with the specials.
Best cheap Indian food in the neighborhood I've found. The combo platter was large enough for me to get two meals out of it for $6. The Tandoori chicken was moist (when many similar places dry it out). If you're not familiar with indian dishes, pick up their paper menu at the cash register for translations.
Living in the Flatiron area, a stone's throw from Curry Hill, we have many choices for Indian/Pakistani food for Americanized taste buds.  For dine-in, I normally choose other restaurants, but for curry delivery, THIS IS THE ONE. The naans hold up very well, the paratha has perfect texture, and their dishes cater well to vegetarian as well as meat eater.  The recipes are far from innovative (they are not Tamarind), but when you want to squat out at home, watch your DVD and do your curry takeaway on a pile of rice and sopped up with some hearty naan, there is no one better to deliver that spicy curry. One warning though, their goat dishes are very bony-  you will be picking lots of bone shards out of a goat biryani so steer clear of that and other goat dishes until they figure out how to chop without splintering.
Solid Indian food spot.The highlight was the vegetable curry.  Do not miss out.  Also, the chicken tikka masala was good, and the chickpeas were alright.  Garlic naan topped it all off.  They didn't have sag paneer when I went, but I would have gotten that instead of the chickpeas.
You want white table cloths and someone who will vomit "Indian-isms" at you?Then stay on the avenue. We go here and jockey for buffet elbow room with all the cab and limo drivers. My wife likes insanely hot food and they do the lamb Vindaloos to order just to her tolerance level. The samosas in the paper bag are gourge-tastic, the naan perfect. It's extremely reasonable and they feature all the staples. Again, go have a stylish dinner at someplace fancy, but order take out here for home. BUT THEN AGAIN, don;t tell the owners so they keep it just-the-way-it is!
really 3.5 stars - but not a 4.the food was tasty compared to alot of other options in the area tho.  it's not fine dining but its fast, easy and inexpensive.the only downside is no basmati rice - they only serve white rice...  (or a rice & veggie medley)...
Surprisingly tasty for a take-out buffet place. I was a little nervous since it was dinner and the neighborhood is more of a lunch crowd...that often means the dinner buffet doesn't get refreshed enough. But I was pleasantly surprised.
Delicious delicious food. I asked to sample the stuff and the people were very welcome to that. The goat curry was delicious, and the chicken tikka massala was great too. Eggplant and garbanzo beans are where it's at for the sides. The cheese naan was suspect but still great. Prices were VERY reasonable. Great service and great experience. Will return.
Located in a kind of random area with a bunch of other Indian and East Asian places. If you are hungry and looking for a solid plate of Indian food, check this place out. I got the chicken curry combo platter (comes with choice of two sides, or on-tops rather) and couldn't finish it. Everything was tasty.Bottom line- this place is great if you want a big plate of Indian food, but dont expect any bells and whistles (except water pitchers on the tables which is always nice).
Curry Express is on my block. I pass by it everyday and think "may be I'd order from here if it looked cleaner".  After a week of looking at several cabbies relishing the food inside, I decided I should get off my high-horse and order from there.  Should've stayed on my horse.There was the food and then there was the layer of oil floating above it.  The paneer was hard and chewy and the curry was not flavorful.  The eggplant dish was decent, but had too much garam (hot) masala and burned inside my stomach.   In India, they tell you to "Son, follow the cab/truck driver and eat where he eats." That clearly doesn't apply in New York!
Good cheap Indian food. Tried the garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, spinach and potatoes and the peas and cheese. All were good.
Got the special. A ton of food for a great price. Everything was delicious!!! Only 4 stars because their food inspection sign said grade pending, which in my mind means they were going to fail and begged for more time. A woman came in to complain about a rat while we were eating. This place is a hole in the wall but I didn't get sick and the food was amazing.
For the price, they give a huge portion of food. I ordered the chicken tikka masala with a side of naan.  It comes with a side of vegetables and rice as well. I think I paid about 8-9 dollars total for the whole meal, and I had enough leftovers for dinner and lunch the next day.  If you're a guy, it'll probably last you two full meals. The food is served on plastic plates (what did you expect for the price) and there is bollywood music videos playing in the background.  The food is pretty good, but I've only tried the tikka masala. Ill definitely be back to try other dishes!
Either every reviewer is lying or I went on the worst day this place has ever had. I got the chicken tikka special with the vegetables and rice and naan just as everyone suggested, and it was terrible. I kinda have a tummy ache right now because I just ate half an hour ago. I had to stop eating less than midway through and just chewed on the garlic naan which was acceptable. And yes this is my first review, goes to show how terrible this place actually is, the only positive I have to say is the cheap price and the wonderful lady at the counter.
1. Place Order2. Wait 30 minutes3. Receive phone call 4. Credit card doesn't work, hmmm.... it worked earlier today.5. Attempt to use 2 other credit cards from different people.6. Grumble.... I am hungry.7. They ask you to leave your home on a sunday night and walk to an atm to pay them because obviously all 3 credits don't work.... it's not their system.8. Tell them to cancel your order. It's been an hour now anyways.9. 15 minutes later they call you back and for some reason one of the cards went through, but you've already canceled the order.  They sent the order already. Worst costumer service experience EVER. This place is a fine example of why Yelp provides a valuable service to the community by helping you to learn from other's mistakes.
I walk past it every day, and I eat there often.  Everything I have ordered there has been good.  And you get quite a bit for your money.  Everytime I try another Indian place in the area I come back here.
I love eating here! This is the best bang for your buck!!!!! THe food is delicious and cheap. The guy behind the counter is super sweet and nice. I love that they always have b4u on!!!!! Balle balle!  Im a fan of their aloo gobi and samosa chaat!
Very good Indian fast food on Curry Hill. Had the keema (ground lamb) biryani, a huge mound of a portion for $8. Tasty and extremely spicy, which they warned me about and included some type of yogurt sauce to cool it down. Seemed to be missing the ground nuts that belong in it, though. They also have a variety of lunch combo specials, which I'll be sure to try in the future. Basic surroundings but clean (with Bollywood on the TVs) , and extra props for the friendly service, sadly not typical of these places.
As I sit here with my food in front of me, ready to be tossed to the wind...I was ready to write a review and give this place three stars.  Good food, and yes I concur very dirty restaurant. This doesn't always deter me when you are speaking of ethnic cuisine though, sometimes you need to get a little gritty to indulge in the real goods.  HOWEVER I will tell you as I feel a bit nauseous as to why I am giving it one star. Big bug, not fly, not worm, but something of the roach family is lying in my vindaloo. Now this is enough to make me never ever want to go back.  I am the type of girl that picks up bugs and puts them outside ( no kill policy), this sucker didn't stand a chance, and for god's sake I don't want to eat him!
You definitely want to order delivery, rather than dine in. The ambiance of this place screams the old adage "ignorance is bliss."  The food here is amazing and the volume of food you get for the price is almost unbelievable.The Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent and if you are a newbie to Indian food get the Malai Kofta (vegetarian meatballs, TASTES much better than it sounds). In terms of pure taste, this place is in the 90th percentile of Indian restaurants I have been to in my life. And I have been to a TON!If someone took these recipes and served them in a place like Tamarind, this place would be a gold mine!
The ambiance was lacking - looked very dirty. But, I am an adventurer and the food hit the spot. The chickken tikka masala and daal makhani were tangy and creamy. The roti was nice. They should clean up this place and the rating can go sky high.
It's better ordering delivery from here than to eat in. Food arrives fresher and tastier because it won't be from the same batch sitting on display. Place looks a little shady. Decor aside, food's great and they're open late night. When eating in, I find myself staring at their TV because it feels a bit awkward looking anywhere else. The place has several mirrored walls so chances are if you're looking anywhere but at yourself, somebody's gonna think you're staring at them while they're eating. Bollywood movies and the news are constantly playing on their TV. I don't understand a word of it, but I can't look away either. It's probably best to eat with company.TIP: Skip the rice and have a naan. Highly recommended: Chicken Tikka Masala, Saag Paneer, and Goat Curry. Ask to make it spicy.
If you want good, inexpensive Indian and you don't care about ambiance, this is the place. $6 or $7 for a combination plate with a meat and two veggie dishes, and tons of rice. That's a great deal. And it's tasty stuff: the aloo gobi had a nice amount of cumin and actually tasted like cauliflower, the chana was right down the middle, and the chicken curry was tender if not really spicy. Another time I had a chicken biryani, and that was really good: lots of marinated tandoori chicken and vegetables, and very flavorful rice. Tons of Indian dudes and cabbies hanging out; it's very legit, even if it doesn't look like much. Beats the Curry in a Hurry one block south hands down.
This is my spot for inexpensive Indian food.  During the day you can get three veg selections over rice for $5.  It's more than I can eat while being so good that lament that I can't try all of the dishes.
I live right in Curry Hill and as far as cheap takeout Indian food goes - this place takes the cake.  I still for the life of me can't understand the appeal of places like Curry in a Hurry that offer overpriced, watered-down Indian food for like $13 a serving, when you can literally walk around the corner and get authentic stuff, with more variety, for half the price.  Vegetable platters (which include three vegetable dishes of your choice) are around $6 and meat platters (2 veggies and 1 meat) are about a dollar more.  Though I wouldn't call it "gourmet," the food is consistantly good - definitely the best you'll get for that kind of money in NYC.
Best place in curry hill. I am very impressed by the goat curry and naan. It is also very cheap. Where else in manhattan can you eat so well for under 10 bucks
very reasonable prices and you get a lot of food, and the food is fantastic.  the mutton is awesome!
Well, Yelpers, these people must have read your reviews, because the place is now super-clean.  Food was great.  It is not a vegetarian place, yet it has a wider variety of vegetable dishes than I've seen anywhere.  You get three selections with rice, and I chose a turnip dish, a squash dish, and an okra dish.  Absolutely delicious, and the mango lassi was perfectly creamy.  One lassi, two samosas, three heaping plates of the three-entree on rice deal I described above -- SIXTEEN DOLLARS TOTAL.  No lie.
This place was recommended to me by an American Indian who thought it was as close to Bombay street food as you can get in New York. I hope that I could find better on the streets of Bombay, but the food at Curry Express is tasty. I tried a lamb dish and the meat was pretty bad, but other dishes are very good, including the vegetarian. You can get yourself a huge plate of food for not much money. Most of the business seems to be from delivery or take-out but a few lost souls like myself plonk ourselves down at one of the tables and have a TV dinner in front of the Bollywood movie blaring in Hindi above the counter. It's not a place to celebrate your Birthday or have a nice meal with friends... it's simply a place to cram some good food down your throat for not much money.
Worst chicken curry I've ever had.  Waaaaaay too spicy.  The spice was so strong it was like being slapped in the face.  I couldn't taste the flavor of anything on the plate because of it.  Also, this is the first Indian place I've ever eaten from that had bones in the chicken curry.  Like 40% of each piece of chicken was made up of a big piece of bone.  Added to that, most of the chicken was filled with some very hazardous bone slivers that I spent my entire meal spitting out on to my plate.  Couldn't even finish eating.
I am kind of person who will never write a review, but this place is amazing. I had to write a review about how great this place is. I would definitely recommend it to my friends.
Follow everyone's advice, order delivery. Food is as close to home cooking Punjabi style as I've found outside of home cooking.  It's not 'bombay street food' as some one on here described.  They have appetizers on the display in store which are just fried everything, like half sandwich's which are probably what that person is describing.  But, food is puri punjabin.
i would never actually eat in the restaurant...but delivery!, oh the value of curry express!  get one dinner special and you'll have enough curry for three people!just try not to think about where the food came from
