This is the second time our group experienced rude services at here. First time, I came with two friends and wanted to share one order late at night. But the waiter refused as he pushed us to order at least one dish each or $30 minimum per table. We got kicked out of the restaurant. I've never be kicked out a restaurant in US before!!!! If there is no sign saying minimum purchase, then you don't have the right to say that. Second time, we wanted to pay in cash and assumed we can get discount as always. However, they didn't put us on discount and argued that we should be the one mentioned the discount and the owner can decide whether to give us. This is very annoying. If you have such random discount, then cancel the policy. Why are you pretended to be nice to consumers? Food is decent but service is rude and needs many improvements.
I love this place. They have a secret garden in the back! Food is really delicious and the service is great. Me,my friends,my family love here too. The signature dish steam whole dish with minced pork and pickled chilis,hot and spicy lamb ribs you really need to try both! Seafood dishes are fresh and they care about their quality of the foods. Nice place!
For a Chinese place, it's expensive. I took my family here because it's a good dining experience for Chinese food, the best near campus after Columbia cottage closed :(
Came for lunch. Good food, good value! Will definitely be back!! Got the twice cooked pork and beef horfun, and added kidney in chili oil appetizer. The kidneys were my favourite! SO GOOD! Not commonly found too!
This place is close to my parent's home so we stopped by to grab some dinner. The service is OK and the food is decent. I find that it lacks the authentic Chinese vegetables. It is surprising since they are so accessible in NYC.
How many places in the area serve tripe, kidney, duck, ham hock, lobster, frogs, chicken feet, lamb and other intestines/meats and veggies with wonderful presentation, flavor and sides? You tell me if you find another. We started off sharing steamed veggie dumplings, after a glass of the pinot noir and their honey green tea.  I had had a late lunch and really just intended to have a light appetizer. However, my dining companion refused to feast on a meal of the stir fried maine lobster while I nibbled. I figured I'd order the crispy fish fillets with a sweet vinegar Sauce and take home the leftovers.  All of the above was delicious, light on the stomach and well flavored. I stole a piece of the meaty Lobster and was confused as to what dish I preferred more. These are good problems to have.The place was spotlessly clean, the service was well timed and friendly but not overtly familiar--which is great. They offer beer, wine and sake options as well as smoothies and hot, Cold or bubble Tea. However, aside from the ocassional glass of alcohol everyone was focused on enjoying their food with a clear palate. Definitely recommend and am glad to have tried and found a restaurant with character on the UWS. Will be back to try some other dishes.
just an update, we've been back 2-3 times, food had been consistently good. We are disappointed that dry sauteed string beans with minced pork, though on the menu, can not be ordered, it was a great dish, the likes I've which I've not enjoyed as much since hwa yuan was dishing them out on east broadway.the best chinese restaurant in the area, we've been here about 20 times, twice now under new ownership. The cooking seems a little more refined, our current favorites are the cumin lamb, mapo tofu, dry sauteed string beans with minced pork and dumplings in hot oil.  I docked them one star for what seems to my eye, about a 20% across-the-board price increase. I do hope they don't price themselves out of the market, it would be a shame to lose this very good restaurant.
A great Chinese spot in the area that serves up all the Sichuan classics.  Unfortunately, not all the dishes on the menu are good.  The dan dan noodles were disappointing, and the weirdly breaded cumin lamb was one of the worst I've had.However, the classic water-braised fish/beef/pork dishes are really, really good, not to mention a couple bucks cheaper than Han Dynasty down the street.  The restaurant is clean and has a nice atmosphere, and takeout is great as well.  The staff is very nice, and I'd overall recommend this place.
If you're  a Szechuan fan then you'll like this place. There is a great variety in food choices. If you don't like or can handle spicy food you can tell waiter to make it less spicy or order the other foods without the spices. The ox tongue and kidney are actually tasty if you're willing to try something exotic or can get over that is tongue and kidney. The place is bigger than I thought and there is another section in the back part the kitchen.
I have been to Szechuan Garden twice and the service and food quality has been consistent. My family came into NYC yesterday and my brother suggested Chinese Food so I immediately knew where we were going to go. Upon entering we were seated immediately and in a timely manner the waiter approached to take our food orders. We enjoyed the vegetable dumplings, crispy spring rolls, sweet and sour chicken, chicken and broccoli, and spicy sea scallops with broccoli. There are more exotic dishes available if you would like to try intestines or tongue, but we stuck with the basics. I would suggest ordering a variety of different entrees and splitting with the table. The dishes we ordered were good, the only issue we had with our meal was that the chicken and broccoli and sweet and sour chicken were drenched in sauce - it was a little overwhelming. Also, the waiter came to take our plates too fast, it felt as though we were being rushed. TIP***: If you are a health nut like me brown rice available!
In so many words, the best, most authentic Szechuan food around. The main branch on W 39 is heralded for the accuracy of its cuisine dependably recreating the flavors of the region. The same holds true of its 105th Street outpost. The place is packed with happy Upper Westside diners, many Columbia students, experts on what constitutes the real thing from downtown Chengdu.
Good place for delicious Szechuan foods! Should try their chief special's and drinks. I have been there several times and absolutely enjoyed the dishes and service. I would highly recommend the braised sliced pork with vegetables in chili oil and spice lamb chops. Feel free to ask for recommendations!!! You will be surprised!
Absolutely LOVE this place.Its authentic chinese. yes they have weird food, just avoid the frog and stuff if that scares you.The eggplant was hands down the best eggplant I've ever had. It was fried and in a sweet gooey sauce...SO GOOOOOOOD.It has very authentic chinese flavors, which the asians will love, lots of hoa jioa and just YUM. They have braise whole fish or beef which is amazing.They also have really good american chinese food (yes. there's a difference). Their chow fun, noodles, general tso's chicken is all really good.Prepare for SPICE. they use flower spice and LOTS of chili, and it's SO good.
We've been coming here for dinner/take away for months now. The food here is consistently great, we've probably eaten from here around 15-20 times and we have not had any problems. Get the Spicy Beef Cumin Fillets, they are out of this world!!!!
The place has changed its Chinese name from 朵颐食府 to 川里川外--does it mean a change of owner or just stronger emphasis on Sichuan cuisine? Anyways, we gave this place a try. The quality is not quite consistent across dishes--some appeared to be very authentic, tasty Sichuan dishes (e.g. the dry mala pot), some are quite disappointing (e.g. the pork belly cold dish). We'll probably go back for the mala dishes but no the others.
Lunch special. Good value and delicious. Must try 回锅肉，麻婆豆腐， 公保鸡丁 can be spicier.Choice of brown rice if you are health conscious. Order the hot and sour soup.
Best Chinese food I've had in the area. The food is kind of spicy, but has really nice flavors as well. Wait staff is super nice and attentive, the ambience is great, and restaurant and bathrooms are really clean. A solid four star place if it weren't in Chinatown or Flushing, but bumping it up to 5 stars due to the dearth of good Chinese food in the area.
If you don't know about Szechuan, I highly recommend you read about that area before going to this place. This isn't some Chinese restaurant opened up by a Cantonese person who slapped Szechuan onto the signage in order to get customers in the door. No...I'm pretty sure that either the chef or owner or both are actually from this place. So becareful as this is the spiciest region I've ever tasted in the world. If you get the right authentic Szechuan dishes, you will be regretting it in 12-16 hours as your body begins the purge while seated on top of the porcelain throne as hell fire spews out of your nether regions...but that's part of the beauty of it all. Embrace it and always remember...spicy in spicy out. In summary Szechuan cuisine is like a bad desperate relationship. You have to love the spice, yet it tortures you with pain, yet you love it...even the pain. We had the dan Dan Dan noodles. these were disappointing and a waste of time. Then we had the ox tongue and tripe which was really good. This is a really traditional dish. For mains we had (can't remember the exact name but close enough):EggplantSpicy fish filet with cellophane noodlesSpicy beef Rabbit dry potThe eggplant was ok. Pretty generic but I ordered this generic dish on purpose so that it would act as a reprieve for the other spicy things....The spicy beef was good. A little over salted but the beef was thick cut and they were generous with the portions. The beef was tender and very spicy. The rabbit dry pot was good. The rabbit was very moist. The dish was flavorful. The flavor of the rabbit shined despite all the sauces and spices, which is an art. We couldn't finish this one so we took it home. It was even better and more flavorful the next day. They don't debone the rabbit so perhaps not a good first date dish. This dish wasn't very spicy. The normal person can probably handle it. The crown jewel was the fish filet with cellophane noodles. Color me obsessed. The most authentic version of this dish that I've had on this side of the Atlantic and pacific!! The fish was swai/basa. Very generous with the amount of fish given. It comes in a huge bowl with fish and peppers swimming on top reminding me of my own private delicious koi pond. The misery this dish induced was indescribable. I was sweating, crying, puffing....all while having the greatest time in the world. The dish wasn't just spicy, I yet was also flavorful. Each ingredient shined. Nothing was completely overwhelmed by the spice, which is an amazing feat. The fish was flaky and tender melt in your mouth. The cellophane noodles managed to soak up the flavors of the sauce and were so delicious. When we started to eat this dish...."the silence" fell upon us...you know the one where the food is so good that you don't even want to divert any attention to anything else cause you know that nothing else will be as stimulating anyway and You want to focus 100% on the food. Yeah that silence.I would order this dish everyday. True story
very nice food in the Columbia area. Oily though, it's better to ask them to put less oil in the dish.
GF and I went a little later on a Saturday night. No wait. Service was friendly and prompt, and the cocktails, strong. Waiter was a young fellow who had a thorough command of the menu, and his recommendations were spot-on. The food can be spicy, but I think they dialed it down for the GF without her even asking. Recommended are the scallion pancakes, spicy cucumber salad, beef with broccoli, and the spicy prawns, which were at least U-8 size. Delish!
I have been to their restaurant for many times. It used to be good but today something unpleasant happened.We ordered $19.90+1.00 (rice) for two people at first, but a middle-aged, yellow-dyed hair Chinese waiter told us there is "minimal charge rule" so we order $2.00 more.  That's OK for us, although we haven't met such rule in New York, but please notice that the waiter agree with our price at that time. However, after lunch we are charged $28 by that waiter, so we argued with him and fortunately the manager was on our side, The manager said they have increased the price of one of the dish but the menu price hasn't been updated and the waiter forgot to told us. The manager is nice and he admitted it is their waiter's mistake, and he agreed to follow the original low price. We are happy with the manager, but then when that middle-aged, yellow-dyed hair Chinese waiter came to wiped our table, I heard something like "f**k" in Chinese.I don't know why we were getting insulted like this. We did nothing wrong, but we are humiliated. The waiter need more training in politeness and memory.
I live in the neighborhood and used to be a huge fan of the place.  Then, in Dec 2015 they displayed a NYC health grade as "pending."  It was a C in the city's web site.  It took the C a few months to show up on the restaurant's window, to be followed by a B a few months later.  I avoided the restaurant all these months, and missed its memorably tasteful food.Recently the restaurant was upgraded to an A.  I went there happily on Thursday night and somewhat more hesitantly Friday night.My memories of the varied tastes and textures, of a great inexpensive dining experience were dashed.  The eggplant I recalled so fondly was over fried, swimming in a deep puddle of tasteless sauce.  The prawns General Tso style didn't have any of the general's punch.Lamentably I am determined not to return any time soon.
One of the best Chinese restaurants in New York. I highly recommend the double cooked pork, ma po tofu, the string beans and the bubble tea (honestly some of the better bubble tea I've had in New York -- served in a cute mason jar). The outside looks a little dingy but the inside is pretty clean and spacious. Very reasonably priced and the service is efficient. Definitely worth going to
If you're looking for "American" Chinese food, don't order from here. The wonton soup is BOMB. Honestly some of the best I've had in NYC. But the sweet and sour chicken was extremely hard and dry. Huge disappointment.
Folks, believe the hype - this joint is the real deal. Our party of four went with fairly standard choices (cold sesame noodles, pork dumplings, green beans with yibin buds, crispy lamb with chili and cumin, chicken with roasted chilis) and what was amazing is that the simple dishes just sang with vibrant flavor. The dumplings swam in spicy oil and sharp black vinegar, the poultry was crisp and slightly fatty in a wonderful way, and everything else was just really nicely executed.We washed everything down with lots of Tsingtao beer, and the staff was full of back-slapping friendliness, making the meal all the more fun. Great stuff.
Update: they contacted me and reminded me that the waiter did offer to make another dish for us, but we were almost done eating, and some of us didn't like the taste of it, so we didn't want another one. They eventually gave us four glasses of milk tea as part of apology. To be honest, I like the taste of the food (some of my friends don't), but this attitude makes me not want to come anymore.
Wow.  Here is an excellent Chinese restaurant on the Upper West Side.  Love it.  Love it.  Love it.  From service to atmosphere, to food; it's a winner.  Lots of Asians happily sharing all kinds if exotic looking dishes.  If the Pea Shoots are on special, the $19.99 price is worth it.  The scrambled eggs with baby shrimp is delightful and the chicken with red and green chilies is firery hot goodness!
New owners, a new chef and new menu make this the best Chinese restaurant on the upper west side. The food is fresh, flavorful and authentic. Big menu with many dishes ranging from bland familiar fare (good for the kids, etc.) up through challenging dishes like ultra-spicy crispy pig intestines. They care about using good ingredients - for example, the delicious whole fish in chili sauce was expensive sea bass, not cheap tilapia.  Chinese food on the UWS had been going downhill since the 1990s; now with this place it's back. A winner!
I never wrote a bad review on yelp. But the chef made me so mad this time, I have to say something. My friend really liked their food and used to be there very often, he took me there today. Their milk tea is the best, braised pork belly with chest nut is also great. We were having a dish called flaming fish happily until we found something in fish belly. It seems like a chicken liver. The chef said it's either fish gill or fish guts, but in anyway it was supposed to be removed before cooking. When we were negotiating with the waiter trying to figure out what it is, we heard the chef saying FLIES ARE EDIBLE NOT TO MENTION THIS KIND OF THING. His words put me off my food. I still feel so sick after three hours! The manager and waiters are nice, the taste of the food is fine. But we'll never return again!! The chef owes us an apology!!
I just walked out of this place, and I probably won't be back.I ordered food for takeout. First of all, $18 for a quart of wonton soup and vegetable fried rice is very expensive. That was after a $2 up-charge for extra egg. I waited 40 minutes for my food, thinking "Oh, they must be busy with delivery." No, my order was out immediately and the people at the front desk let it sit there and get cold. I was handed my cold meal with a smile... and guess what? When I got home, there wasn't extra egg in my cold fried rice.
Very poor service, did I owe their money? My classmate was crushed by the waiter, who was arrogant as a king and forced my trend to apologize, WTF, never go back again
Have ordered from them before and the food was pretty good. Called to order and now they will not deliver 9 blocks away where I live. They said that was a one time delivery before. There website does not indicate a delivery limitation and besides, I have ordered from them before. The woman was very curt in rude. Order of you like but make sure they deliver. They just may change their minds. R
Szechuan Garden is GREAT!!! In a city with so many awful Chinese restaurants, including the overpriced, pretentious ones, like Shun Lee, Szechuan Garden on West 105th Street is an oasis. The food is fresh, simple and well prepared. (Be careful what you order when you see little chile peppers next to the name of the dish...they can be ultra hot!) The scallion pancakes are amazing as are the steamed vegetable dumplings. There are so many menu items I could list here as outstanding I wouldn't know where to begin, and the prices are beyond reasonable. Extremely casual, friendly servers, clean, pleasant atmosphere - what more can you ask for? I highly recommended this place!
Seems like they changed their menu a bit ago. We come here for the cumin lamb, green beans with yibin buds, and most importantly fish fillet in spicy oil. For the most part we were able to replicate our order based on the new menu. However, the fish fillet is no longer the same deliciousness that it was and what is worse is that I ordered the fillet and got the full fish which was chopped up with bones and a couple of pieces of fillet. I knew it would be different so thought perhaps this is the new version and simply didn't eat 90% of the dish because of how bony and scaly it was. When I tried to reconfirm this was the filler dish towards the end of the meal it's transpired that I received the incorrect type of dish. Nothing was done about it after that - perhaps because I'm not the type to make a big fuss. Overall, the rest of the dishes were good but given the lack of proactive customer service I think we will look for a new place to frequent.
Best Szechuan food on the upper west side. Only order the Szechuan dishes. Do not expect Americanized Chinese. You will thank me.  If you can't handle heat, get something with only one asterix. That level is not spicy but just has a little kick. My favorite dish is the braised fish filets with chili tofu. The Ma Po Tofu is incredible as well but super spicy.
The food here is dangerous.Sichuan hot peppers are capable of up to 50,000 on the scoville meter and that seems pretty high for me. They are so small but they pack a mighty punch.I was only able to do take out so I ordered the madam song braised noodle soup and the brisket beef noodle soup. I was impressed by the spicyness of the dishes. One sniff and GREAT BALLS OF FIRE were shooting up my nose. The madam song noodle was chock full of ingredients such as baby shrimp, fish, bamboo shoots, fresh slices of garlic and ginger and of course the heat from the peppers with a slight vinegary finish. I imagine this is what their seafood hot and sour tastes like.  Do not slurp the noodles. I repeat do not slurp or you will have a straight shot of this burn to your brain! They mark the spicyness next to the dishes and believe you me only one pepper symbol is hot enough or you will regret it the next day.The brisket beef noodle soup two hot pepper symbols was pure red like lava from the depths of a fiery hell mixed with a slightly sweet soup like when you make beef stew and a touch of sesame oil. Garnished only with a few strands of spinach this soup had remarkably less ingredients and not a lot of meat but a good amount of noodle. I actually initially asked if I could switch out noodle for rice but they said no. I think the rice would have evened out the taste a little better. The beef was a bit on the chewy side but ohh I could not sip too much of the soup.I like how they pack the noodle soup by separating the two to prevent overcooking and also to prevent spillage.I have to return to try the wok tossed meats and other dishes since the price point and portion seems like a better choice for family style dining so you can try a bunch of different dishes at once. I will also probably return when I am yearning for that spicy burn. Definitely on my list for authentic tasting chinese in the upper west side.
Had just left a meeting with clients and needed to eat lunch (yes, I know it is dinner time) because I gave away my cumin lamb sandwich earlier in the day to someone on the train.Walked a little and noticed the place which seemed to be packed with overseas students from Columbia so I figured it had to be good.  Now with sinuses clear from the various spices and my belly full of tongue tingling meats, fish and veggies I now know the easy way to find a good meal on the UWS is to look for the students.Really enjoyed the sliced beef and onions and the cucumber and black mushrooms.  Bubble tea helped temper my overzealous "Yes, I like to eat spicy" orders.  Back of the restaurant is nice a large glass wall and skylights.  The front is better for small parties and people watching.
The best Chinese restaurant near Columbia University. Service is good also. Have seen nowhere else served Braised Frogs.
I've been here twice and I have to say, the restaurant caters to Chinese clientele, which is good and bad.  The Bad: Their Americanized dishes tend to be very bad.  I've had their General Tsao chicken and their Chicken with Roasted Chilis and they were both bad.  The Chicken w Roasted Chilis is actually fried chicken poppers, not what I expected at all.  The Good: if you're Chinese and can read/recognize the dishes, the dishes look really authentic, very similar to what you would find in chinatown.  However, not being able to read chinese, i was reliant on the translated name/description of the dishes which all sounded really bizarre.  The best bet would be to visit or dine at the restaurant and look at other diners' dishes and pointing.Their 10 ingredient mei fun is quite tasty as is their scallion pancake.  The scallion pancake is fried, so a warning that it is a bit oily.  The mei fun was nice and al dente.  I would try this place again in the near future when I have another chinese craving.
Why are you still sitting here reading they reviews?? Just GO god damn it! If you're a spice-head or just like more authentic delicious chinese food. You must go here. This is a sister to the Szechuan Gourmet in midtown (which I've hooked my entire office up to and now everyone is addicted). But this place is so much nicer in decor, service, and pace. You don't have the midtown + tourist crowd packed into this place elbow to elbow. Instead, you have a super restaurant with waiters that don't rush you and treat you well. Now on to the food. Huge portion, fresh ingredients, abundance of spices and good prices. Need I say more? The roast port in napa cabbage and chillis is one of our fave dishes (you can sub with beef, lamb, fish, etc..). It's basically huge bowl of tender sliced meat swimming in hot lava (but flavorful!!) over a bed of tender cabbage and bamboo. Get it, and then spoon the sauce over your rice like it's crack. The crispy cumin lamb is my BFs fave dish. If you like cumin, and lamb, and anything deep fried....go here. you can't go wrong. I personally love any of their fish filet dishes. Because it's always made with tons of huge chunks of tender fish. They do not skimp. My friends all love their crack dumplings...or some call them death dumplings...the menu says spicy szechuan pork dumplings..but I'm sure it's a mixture of garlic, chillis, and crack. It's addicting and if they bottled the sauce they used, I'd buy 100 bottles and stock up for life. Every Single Person I've ever ordered this appetizer for has fallen in love with it. There is usually a moment of silence, a widening of eyes, a 'where have you been all my life" look of wonder...and then total beast mode. Oh yeah, and if you get their beef noodle soup on a cold day, you can't go wrong. It's a huge bowl. The beef is tender and flavorful. The brought is light (not fatty) but flavorful at the same time. I think its the broth the beef was stewed in. And the noodles are tender. Home run. Honestly just go already. Live a little. And if you do go, remember, it's an authentic szechuan place. Don't come here and get chicken with broccoli or orange chicken..i'm sure even their Americanized Chinese food is good compared with other places...but just don't.
Bomb and cheap. We had that boiling pot which was really good and out of our comfort zone. Love the scallion pancakes, beef and broccoli, sesame chicken fried rice and low Mean. The wait staff is kinda rude but it doesn't even matter.
Horrible! The worst dish ever. Will never eat again. I tried shredded chicken. Only few chicken, but lots of radish. Also, it is so sweet.
Like this place a lot. A nearby choice of authentic Szechuan food for students in Columbia.Have tried half of dishes on the menu, only good and very good taste. Only problem is that food here are too oily even for veggies.
There are so many Sichuan restaurants in NYC now, but good ones are still hard to find.  Hope they open a downtown location.
Good service, cool environment, a great place for group dining. Quite anestablishment but easily missed out if you go by Broadway or 105th street. Food was in general good, but still, Chinese food is usually heavily cooked. veggie was oily, the fish was too.
Dishes are bland and boring. They could have done more with little effort to make their food more visually appealing and tastefully delicious ..... unfortunately, they didn't. Will go for chicken nuggets at McDonald instead.
Pretty authentic Sichuan food with various dishes. Spicy with aroma, and also serve non spicy choices. Portion is large, so be sure to get more people if more dishes wanted. One important add-on: They probably have the best boba milk tea I've drunk so far in NYC, a must try!!
Simply disgraceful - there is no other word for it! Until this evening, this was our favorite Chinese food restaurant and very authentic Szechuan Food (my husbands family are from the Szechuan area of China). And my elderly mother's favorite Chinese food. However, we had such a horrific experience this evening, we will never return,I had made a reservation for 4:45 for 6 persons (and I am sure the reservation was for 4:45 because the person on the phone repeated it to me twice). - We arrived at 4:30 to be told (quite rudely) that we were too early for our 5pm reservation - Completely ridiculous because there were many empty tables - just surreal - but completely unforgivable is making my elderly mother, who can barely walk - stand and wait. My son and mother arrived first - and they were so rude to them - by the time I arrived - a few minutes after (I was parking the car) they were quite upset already. I asked to speak with the manager and it turned out that the foolish young man who did not want to seat us was the manager. They were also saying rude things about us in Chinese (my sons speak Chinese and understood). The worst part was that if my husband had been with us (as I mentioned he is chinese) I do not think they would have been so rude to us - but I simply cannot understand or forgive treating an elderly person with such disrespect - disgraceful. It does not matter how good the food is.
I came here for lunch and was really underwhelmed. The hot and sour soup was pretty good, but the general Tso's chicken was not. I know, I know - it's the last thing I should've ordered, and perhaps a bit sacrilegious, but it sounded good. I asked the server if the chicken was crispy and he assured me that it was. To me, that's a deal-breaker with this guilty pleasure, and I would've ordered something else. Well, it wasn't even a little crispy and I didn't particularly enjoy the flavor either. The chicken had a lot of unchewable pieces and wasn't appetizing. I had three or four bites and couldn't force myself to eat any more. Left hungry.
We had a wonderful lunch consisting of panfried noodles with 10 ingredients general Tso's chicken and chicken with string beans. Each came piping hot very tasty season from mild to spicy as we requested. If you're up in the Columbia University area I recommend eating here they also have a nice selection of wines should you wishis a very pleasant decor. I would recommend coming with a large group and sharing dishes it is much more fun
Having a great dinner with them!!!!!! The food taste so spicy and so delicious. Servers are really nice!!!
AMBIENCEStandard Chinese restaurant look and not too different from its last reincarnation when it was a sushi place. The staff speak mostly Chinese so that's a bonus. :PFOODGet the braised fish fillets with chili tofu, item #54, $17 but delicious! Overall flavors are good, reminds me of pretty authentic chinese food. Its mild spicy (one pepper) is exactly where I expected it to be, and I haven't found their food to be too coma-inducing compared to other places. PRICEAround the same price as most decent Chinese restaurants in the city. Reasonable portion size for the price too.
UWS, ample seating in the back, fairly authentic Chinese food at fairly reasonable prices is what brings us back. Service is attentive and General Tso's chicken is the real deal. Hey, I did say fairly authentic Chinese.
We were looking for Uncle Luoyang's storefront restaurant on Amsterdam, but it was shut down so we walked around the corner to Szechuan Garden. What started with disappointment ended up fortunate for us as we found excellent Szechuan food here.The first good sign was that the place was packed. We waited maybe 15 minutes for a table, and between waiters handing in orders and people coming in for takeout, we felt a little like we were in the way. The staff was nice, though, and kept us updated on when we could expect our table.We ended up ordering the Spicy Cucumber Salad (#13) and Spicy Sliced Kidney (#24) appetizers. It was my first time to have (pork?) kidney, and it was very good. The cucumber salad is one of my go-to Szechuan dishes--I like the cooling sensation after all the spicy chili dishes--and it was very good at Szechuan Garden.We shared the Braised Tender Pork w/Napa  Roasted Chili (#147) entree, and this dish was also delicious. They have a huge menu, and I'm looking forward to coming back to try their other Szechuan dishes, like the Ma Po Tofu, spicy sesame noodles, and spicy fish filets.It's good to know that we don't have to go all the way down to Chinatown in Manhattan, much less Flushing, to get good Chinese food.
Food was good, but SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE.I was there for lunch, and I tipped between 16-18% with cash. The lady asked me if I was done with the bill, I said yes. She looked at it, asked "How much is this?" in Chinese, then she started counting it in front of me, then turned to me and said "You should at least give ___ amount!" It was only a few dollars of tip, but it was lunch and I didn't order much. Of course I wouldn't be tipping the same as tables that ordered $50 worth of food. The tip was still16-18% after all! And even if I did tip less than average, there's probably something wrong with your service. You don't go hunting down your customers for that. I tipped another dollar to keep her mouth shut, she said "thank you" and walked away. She definitely did not deserve a dime of my tip. Doesn't matter how good their food is, I will not go back for such attitude.
Believe the hype! There's an actual good- nay- great Chinese takeout spot on the upper west side.I was sick with a cold and feeling like takeout. We got:- spicy cucumber salad (so fresh tasty and great spice!)- wonton soup ( real solid wontons)- hot and sour soup (very tasty)- pork dumplings in chili ( the best dish- incredible flavor and the right amount of heAt)- Mapo tofu - (soft, silky tofu, though it was not as complex as I would have liked- will try a spicy chicken dish next time)Baby Bok Choy ( best way to get your veggies from Chinese food)Next time I'll try their Dan Dan noodles and sesame noodles.All appetizers $5 - $8 and entrees were a solid $10 or so. They had some specials that went into the $20 range but we didn't get those. This will be our new takeout spot.
The food is delicious but the price is too high. Two people ate $113. I cannot believe that.
Authentic Sichuan food. Price is a liiiittle bit high but worth it.
Just tried this place with my husband and it was amazing. We got the Mapo tofu, shredded chicken with spicy garlic sauce and szechuan dumplings with roasted chili soy. The dumplings are amazing, I don't know what's in the sauce but anything dipped in it would taste great. I was nervous about the Mapo tofu because it's one of my favourite foods and I really wanted it to be good and omg was it ever. I could eat it everyday and never get tired of it. My husband is a little less adventurous of an eater and until recently thought chinese American was real Chinese food so he had the shredded chicken with spicy garlic sauce and loved it. The portions are huge and fed us for two full meals. I'm so so so happy I found this place.
Considering the nearby options, this is definitely the most decent place that I have found to get (Americanized) Chinese food on the UWS. Although they do serve authentic Chinese, as well, I can't speak to how good it is at this time. I have ordered the shrimp fried rice from them on multiple occasions. In fact, I once ordered it twice in one week. Their fried rice actually includes a variety of vegetables, as opposed to just being fried rice or rice coated in soy sauce. If you like duck sauce and/or soy sauce, make sure to ask for them. Although they're free, they won't provide them unless requested.
My god. I had the best chinese food I've ever had in my life last night here. The scallion pancakes here are so cheap and amazing, and the beef fried rice is excellent - not too oily, not too plain. But PLEASE, if you come here, order the crispy chicken w/ spicy garlic sauce. TO DIE FOR. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR. The wait staff is extremely friendly and must have filled our water 10 times in the hour I was there. The food comes out very fast, and the ambiance is calm and pleasant. All in all a high, high recommend.
The Cumin lamb is beyond special.  They have the best Hot and Sour Soup I've ever had (fantastic Black Vinegar, and Enoki mushrooms!). Worth the effort (shame that delivery is limited- I can't have it delivered to Diamond Bar!).
Update on my previous post: the next day, I call them again to put in the same order (I was sick and have to order delivery, and there is nothing else around that I really feel like eating..). They remembered the incident from the night before. Apparently the owner David found out about it, and had the restaurant figure out what went on - there was a computer problem, so my order never went into the kitchen. The guy (restaurant manager) took over the phone, explained and apologized. A day later, I also got phone call from the owner David to apologize again. Overall, I appreciate their effort to correct their mistakes, and I still love their food. I decided to change my rating to reflect their food quality. ------------- old post from 10/2/2015 ---------------------First, I am a regular of this restaurant and I love the food there. However tonight (Oct 2, 2015) the experience has been so terrible. I ordered a delivery (at 7:45pm), the lady said it will arrive in 1.5 hr since they're busy. I thought I am not that hungry so it's fine. 2 hrs later the food is still not here. So I called back and a lady (not sure if is the same one) picked up the phone and said it's not sent out but they will send out soon. I was a little mad but still said fine (cause I was really craving for Chinese food!!). Another 30 min later I got a call from a guy asking if I got my order, I told him no. He started to blame me not calling them even I didn't receive my order after so long. I told him I did call them, but he said neither of his two front desk ladies got my call.  It was outrageous, does he want to check my call history?! And why is it my duty to call him for my order anyway? He cancelled my order cause they were closing. No apology was given and he was very rude throughout.
The menu is pretty extensive and is a mix of Sichuan and typical American Chinese. I can't speak for the American Chinese dishes, others in my party did complain about them. But everything I've had here, which is all the Sichuan dishes, has been super flavorful and well seasoned. Beware that everything will be swimming in a thick layer of chili oil! The service has been consistently good and quick as well.
This is the best asian food that I have had in Manhattan in the past 20 years. No more food cooked forAmerican tastes. Thus place has brought real spice back to chinese cooking.My favorites are the Dan-Dan noodles; the szechuan dumplings and the beef fillets with chiles. But don't go there, I want to keep thus olace a secret- it's that good!
Came here twice. They changed their name and menu, also raise the price. Decent Szechuan cuisine. Nice environment in the back with view.
Steamed spareribs with rice flour-bad. Tastes burnt. There is a hair hidden inside the meat. Tender spareribs though. Sautéed diced chicken with chili and pepper-good. Tender chicken. Neither spicy nor too oily. Braised beef fillets with Napa and roasted chili-good. Tender beef. Flavorful with chili. Sautéed fish fillets with mixed veggie-above average. Tender fish fillets. Average veggies. Crispy lamb fillets with chili cumin-below average. Strong taste of cumin. Lamb fillets are essentially all flour. Honey glazed spareribs-very good. Tasty red sauce. Well cooked spareribs. Stir fried five spiced tofu with green house chive-average. Well cooked chives. Tender tofu. Too salty. Sautéed baby bok choy-below average. A little oily. Juicy but not well cooked. Rice-average. A little dry but better than a lot of other Chinese restaurants in the area.
Don't order from this place. Safety concerns. We just found several pieces of hard plastic in the dumplings! On top of that, the manager was very rude and refused a refund when I called them to inform them about the issue. STAY AWAY.
Outstanding food, pleasant setting and descent service. Expansive menu of fresh exciting dishes.
Really excellent. I haven't visited the restaurant yet, but I've ordered for delivery, and the food might be the best Sichuan I've had in Manhattan so far (by far the best near Columbia).The age-old recommendations, of course, are the fish fillets in chili oil and the mapo tofu. Planning to try the pea shoots, cumin lamb, and other dishes soon!One big problem is the menu. Not sure if it's somewhere online, but I couldn't find it, and I've been ordering through guesswork (based on what a Sichuan restaurant probably serves). Hoping I'll get a menu with my delivery next time!
This place has a C grade but they are dishonest and have a "grade pending" sign in their window. If you read the health report they got you will vomit. I cannot believe I used to regularly order from here. www1.nyc.gov/site/doh/se…Violations recorded in the following area (s) and a Notice of Violation issued at the reinspection conducted on 12/28/2015."Critical" violations are displayed in red.Violation points: 43Sanitary Violations1) Live roaches present in facility's food and/or non-food areas.2) Filth flies or food/refuse/sewage-associated (FRSA) flies present in facility's food and/or non-food areas. Filth flies include house flies, little house flies, blow flies, bottle flies and flesh flies. Food/refuse/sewage-associated flies include fruit flies, drain flies and Phorid flies.3) Food not protected from potential source of contamination during storage, preparation, transportation, display or service.4) Sanitized equipment or utensil, including in-use food dispensing utensil, improperly used or stored.5) Facility not vermin proof. Harborage or conditions conducive to attracting vermin to the premises and/or allowing vermin to exist.
Horrible, maddening experience.  We arrived tonight (party of 4 with small child) at 5:30. Maybe 2 other tables with people at that time.  We order food, drinks all at once.  Dumpling apps come right away.  6:45 rolls around, still no food. By this time, restaurant is packed and everyone is eating. But us.  We approach the manager, he screams (no joke) at us, "It's your fault for not ordering at same time!"  Totally false.  Our waitress simply did not understand us, but everything was ordered when we got there.  The manager yelled in the face of my 72 yr old mother in law.  Told us to get out and never com back.We asked for bill, manager told us to leave.  Lo and behold, mother in law left her phone there. Went back 10 mins later and manager held phone hostage until we paid $75.00 for our drinks and dumplings.I guess you guys failed Hospitality 101 and have zero idea how to treat customers or run a business.Peace out, Garden.  Never will return.
We ordered dinner for 5 on this Chilly night in Brooklyn. The food came within the time frame as stated in Seamless. We have been been looking for a Chinese restaurant that delivers and this really was better than average food. The chicken and spinach soup was well seasoned and adorned with enough chicken. The kids we expected to enjoy this "plain" soup loved it and the adults finished off the rest. The Fried dumplings were not encased in too much oil... that went over well.. don't douse them in grease. if the ingredients are nice then adding extra grease does not enhance a thing. We had chicken and broccoli and mooch chicken. Both excellent. The rub that made it 4 stars was they "forgot" the pancakes that go with That dish. Who is working in a restaurant that somehow packs the order and doesn't realize this? We called.. they said they would send the pancakes. They did... 35 minutes later. And I get it took that long to receive them because the order took 35 minutes to delivery... and that is excellent. But.. of course at some point we added some rice and ate the dish sans pancakes. No this is not a huge complaint but just bringing attention to detail... which was not executed well. No.. I am not the A hole who would insist the poor delivery guy stand in the hall while I unpack and check the order. We actually came the "same delivery guy" $1 when he re delivered the pancakes... come on we know the problem was not his fault! Bottom line.. certainly would use this place again...  but if you want 5 starts.. and who would not in the Park Slope of everything is "perfect" here.. just recheck the order and get it right.SIgned,Lived here for 35 years before perfect was a n option
Awful experience. I ordered the Tai Lu Mein, and instead of braised noodles with combo meat and vegetables, I got a bowl of sticky boiled noodles with something like soup with tiny bits of meat, a couple of shrimp, mushrooms and an unrecognizable white vegetable. It was very bland. The pork dumplings were overcooked, and the fried spring roll was a cold, greasy mess. So sad, I'm dying to find a great Chinese restaurant here. This isn't it.
Really enjoyed my meal here. I found this place by surprise just walking around the neighborhood. I recommend either General Tso's Chicken or the Crispy Chicken with Spicy Garlic Sauce.
Went here for dinner last night with a couple of friends. The food was fine. I got sesame chicken, was equivalent to a good takeout restaurant. However, the next morning, I began to eat my leftovers and immediately bit into a nugget-sized piece of aluminum inside one of the pieces of chicken. Almost cracked my tooth. Wish I could at least go back in time and not tip. Will not be going back to this establishment.
Delicious food and great service, I suggest the 10 ingredient lo mein and orange chicken. The egg drop soup is also delicious and they have great bubble tea. 5 stars, love this place. Especially the weekday lunch special!
A good choice if you have no idea where to eat. Many Szechuan dishes are good and spicy. They have very fast delivery speed.
Chinese food. There are many choices. Two of us ordered three dishes but failed to finish them since the amount is too large. The environment is clean, but the taste is just OK.
It's clean and have simple decor. Maybe I did not order the right stuff but I felt it was ordinary . Definitely better than regular Chinese restaurant but seems like not as authentic as I thought . Overall not so bad .
Awesome Szechuan food.  By far the best Chinese food currently on the UWS.  The fact that the restaurant is jam-packed with Chinese customers should be an instant tipoff to anyone half paying attention.  Important: Be sure to order REAL Chinese dishes, not the 'American Chinese' dishes on the menu - unless you like lame, bland food. Ask a waiter if you're not sure. My wife and I love really SPICY food. We wanted delivery last night and didn't have a menu handy so we just got on the phone and asked them to recommend the most delicious spicy dishes that are the most popular with the Chinese customers. The nice lady recommended diced chicken with chili pepper corn, fish fillets with Napa and roasted chili, and some sautéed water spinach, plus a couple of appetizers.  Everything was wonderful!  The chicken dish was so filled with red peppers that it was pretty ridiculous - I think they were more chili peppers than chicken!  We were laughing but we loved every bite.  Please note: Real Szechuan food is SUPPOSED to be oily. And some dishes are oily. So don't be ignorant and complain, just enjoy.
Authentic, but a tad bit too salty szechuanese food on the uws. The dishes we ordered all used the same pepper oil mixture, so they were all very salty. The cumin lamb 孜然羊肉 was good, but a bit on the salty side and filled with dry peppers that you can't eat. I don't know if I'll be back...Szechuan gourmet 56 is way better. But, if you live in the 90's and above, there really aren't any other choices. An overall ok experience at Szechuan garden
I ordered General Tso's chicken with brown rice... It's was disgusting.. Even the brown rice tasted bad. I couldn't eat more than a few bites of both. Idk what it is about this neighborhood but I've been unable to find even remotely good Chinese food.  And for $15 bucks! What a joke.
Overall this is a decent sichuan restaurant for nyc.We ordered:干煸四季豆  string beansThe garlic flavor and texture was there but usually this dish has ground pork which was absent. Nonetheless it was cooked properly (rare in nyc) and tasty.水煮鱼  poached fish in spicy oil Good. Tender fish bathed in spicy oil with beansprouts at the bottom. Although the sichuan 'peppercorns' were there, the mala spicy numbing flavor wasn't noticeable. 香辣孜然羊 fragrant spicy cumin lambThe best dish and recommended. Lovely balance of cumin, garlic and chilli. Some of the smaller pieces of lamb were satisfyingly crunchy. There appeared to be MSG added.The check was $57 plus tax and tip.Service ok. One gripe was that they gave us the more expensive fish dish (whole fish rather than the cheaper fillet). I'd go back but next time with a larger group to try more of the dishes.
My party ordered four dishes to share, largely at the waiter's recommendations for a representative sample, and everything was delicious. The portion sizes are enormous, enough for two people to split. We had one dish each at every level of spiciness from bland to the hottest they serve, and I did not think anything was too awfully spicy, so I wouldn't worry too much about that. If you can handle like, spicy buffalo wings, you can handle this restaurant.Our server was a real straighter-shooter, unreservedly recommending some dishes and warning us off others. Following his suggestions, we ended up with mapo dofu, braised fish, crispy lamb, and twice-cooked pork. The braised fish filets were a real standout, impossibly tender and flavorful, with just enough heat to keep you reaching for the water (or wine). The crispy lamb. . . I wish I knew how they got lamb so melt-in-your-mouth tender on the inside while still being so crispy on the outside. I was less impressed by the mapo dofu and twice-cooked pork belly, which was a bit of a shame as those are two pretty hallmark dishes of Szechuan cuisine. Not bad by any means, but the pork belly was a touch too bland and the mapo dofu was missing the ground meat that traditionally adds richness to the dish (and ground pork is on the menu as being part of the dish, so this was an accident rather than an intentional variation).The decor is nice, particularly for a place that's a half-level underground. It definitely doesn't feel subterranean, as the front area has floor to ceiling windows looking our on the street and the backroom has a ceiling-wide skylight and floor to ceiling windows looking out on a little French garden.Finally, as is usually the case with Szechuan food, dishes tend not to be balanced mixes of meat and vegetable, but tend to focus (often with great success) on just one primary ingredient. A meat dish will not come with much in the way of vegetation - some chili peppers for the lamb and some leeks for the belly. So, I'd order a mix of veggies and meats to split for the table.
The food is authentic and the owner (Nick) is personable. Fast service, fast food and delicious. You can tell it's an authentic Sichuan place when it's full of Chinese people who are eating quietly or happily chatting away.We had the beef stew with spicy soup, lamb with cumin, and braised tofu with pork. We also went to Legends and a couple in china town in the recent weeks. You don't need to travel down to get good food, just stay upper west side if you go to columbia. Beef stew is also way better than Ollie's.
Ordered a hot pot. Waiter was incapable of explaining its contents, and I just went for it. It was so disgusting I felt like throwing the plate into the air and leaving. I have been to China eight times thus far. I like Chinese food. This was Terrible with capital T. BTW dumplings were pretty good. Be very careful with what you order here. And then, hope to get lucky.
Full bar great service best orange chicken and amazing chicken and shrimp fried rice I also tried the Dan Dan noodles soooo so good wish it wasn't our last night in the city but glad we found this place before we left!!
I enjoyed the genuine Chinese food here. Decent degree of spiciness, not too oily(like most of other Chinese places). I'm Japanese and Tokyo has many good authentic Chinese restaurant, so I tend to be picky with Asian restaurant. But this place definitely is added to my to-go list.
Delicious and seemingly quite-authentic Szechuan food, with many dishes absent from everyday Chinese menus. I ordered baby shrimp with spicy peanuts, and not only was it quite good, but there was a lot of it, and it came to the table with incredible speed. Service was attentive, and the ambience is relaxed and upscale. My ONLY issue was receiving brown rice, when I ordered white. But who cares! Everything else was top-notch.
We ordered take out again and they didn't really listen to my order carefully and I felt they over charged.  We ordered chicken w mixed vegetable BUT in garlic sauce. It came with the standard very bland sauce.  We also ordered chicken in garlic sauce and that was good.  So, they got it wrong and it was super bland.  Plus the price on the web was $11.99 for each but the total came to $30 so either prices went up, or they overcharged us. either way, not good.  Given the price of this place, it really ought to be better.
The food was fabulous! Fantastic taste. Great service. Healthy portions. It's a must go.
I'm VERY VERY disappointed after reading good reviews. Maybe I have to be chinese or know exceptionally well about chinese food to eat at this place, but I had spicy pork (which I didn't read carefully and turned out to be pork feet). It was like impossible to eat with chopsticks or even forks. Also, wasn't spicy AT ALL. It was more like a barbecue sauce instead of what I expected. I'm very picky when it comes to spicy food, but this is just not a place if you're craving something spicy.
Szechuan Garden serves no nonsense authentic, Szechuan cuisine that is expertly prepared.  Unfortunately, this relatively new restaurant is not wheelchair accessible, which makes it not possible for many people with disabilities to access and makes it harder for strollers.  We have a special request to the owner who we notice reads these reviews - would you please make your restaurant accessible to wheelchairs?  This could be accomplished by installing a ramp or a small lift.  Thank you for your consideration.  Adding accessibility (like Han Dynasty) would change our view to 5 stars and cause us to recommend you to others.
DO NOT GO HERE! There was a huge WORM in my friends dish today!!!!!!!!!!! This is the most disgusting thing that happened to me or to my friend!!!!! PLUS Instead of apologizing , they just took the dish back and acted like nothing happened!!!!!!!!!!!
Incredibly tasty and flavorful! Highly recommend the napa cabbage + pork dish, also the blistered string beans, and the eggplant + garlic!! Yum!
The over-the -top reviews prompted me to order dinner from SG. My food ranged from meh-to-tasty. Meh: the eggplant in garlic sauce. It was very bland and had no sauce. Tasty: the pork dumplings BUT my son chomped down on a bone that looked like a tooth! Ew! We did take-out so we just had to deal with what we got. Between meh and tasty was the crispy cumin beef-- it was seasoned aggressively and was dry. My daughter liked the fried rice and spring rolls.
Fantastic food and friendly service. Blows Legend (where the service has always been perfunctory at best) out of the water in terms of neighborhood Chuancai (Sichuan fare). My wife is a big Dan Dan Noodles (dandanmian) fan, and she raves about Szechuan Gourmet's. We both love the Spicy Cucumber Salad. I also gobble up the Diced Rabbit, Smoked Tofu Shreds and above average wontons.
Half the time when I've come here during (supposedly open) hours they are closed. The food is quite good but this place is unreliable.
We come here to eat every time we are in NYC. The food is quite authentic, which isn't easily found in Manhattan.
I just ordered the chicken and broccoli and horribly disappointed.  The source of the chicken was very questionable :/ Was it cat, or horse, or maybe chicken that was two weeks past its expiration date.  The chicken (which is supposed to be white meat) was tougher to bite into than a tough piece of steak. Hopefully, Szechuan Garden, you can step up your game, because I haven't found anything better in the upper west side.  All I'm looking for is normal chicken.  You could literally go to the grocery store and pick up the cheapest chicken breast and it would be ten times better than what you are currently serving.  Thank you.
Delicious! Got the fish in chili broth dish and it was amazing. They did not skimp on the Sichuan peppercorns, the best part! Boyfriend got pepper steak which was also great.
Finally- excellent authentic Szechuan food on the UWS. On top of great spicy options, the restaurant itself is amazing with an enclosed garden in the back. Prices are reasonable and service is friendly and fast.
A very mediocre Chinese restaurant. AS one of the previous comment said, be careful of what you order. Scallion pancake was awesome. Doubled cooked pork belly was competent, and pretty delicious. However the beef chow fun was below average, the noodles were still stuck together and not fully flavored, it was also way too oily. The beef with Napa and roasted chili was a big disappointment to me, expensive and not worth the price. I've always been a fan for Sichuan cuisine, and this is not authentic at all. Also, the bubble tea are made of powdered milk. However the place is nice and quiet. Probably would not consider coming here again...
Absolutely the best !Had the Ma Paul tofu and minced pork and the Spicy Prawns in garlic sauce. Along with a Soup and the HS soup that came with lunch. It was a religious experience !!And the service was flawless !!
Went there last week, going back today.Very nice spring roll, excellent pepper steak. Not oily, not salty, good quality ingredients. Service was pleasant and food arrived quickly to the table.
Yum yum yum thank you finally we are blessed on the UWS with excellent authentic Sichuan food. Try everything! Go with a group.
Food is on point and yummy- one of the best Sichuan in town. But the decor and environment of the restaurant needs an upgrade. It lacks style and character, which happens to most Chinese restaurants in Manhattan, unfortunately.
I only ordered from this place because of the great reviews. Someone must be paying to post these high reviews. I ordered the General Tso chicken and it was the worst, no flavor in the sauce, The chicken tasted like rubber, hopefully that's what it was. There were no pineapples only one  piece of broccoli this was the worse, especially for $20.00.
This is my favorite spot in the neighborhood. I seriously feel SO LUCKY that they decided to open up something so delicious and authentic here. The food is amazing. My grandma is from Szechuan and I grew up eating her food in China so I know what's up. The stand-outs are the sesame noodles (starter), the shredded chicken with chili sesame vinaigrette (starter), any of the spicy fish dishes, and to cool you off and get in your DV of veggies, the pea shoots (didn't see it on the menu last time, but pronounced dou miao in Chinese if you want to order it anyway). Also, a general rule for Chinese restaurants is that there is an inverse relationship between the quality of the food and the cleanliness of the establishment. This place breaks that rule by being freaking clean.
Their food is really good. I'm from Szechuan and their food tastes authentic enough for me to order delivery almost every other day. I wish there were more Chinese restaurants like this.
The food is real good. I always get the Chicken Fried Rice and the Wonton Soup is also really good.
Good food, fast service, reasonable prices! Love their szechuan dumplings and their crispy cumin beef. Their plates are definitely for sharing so don't order too much!
Went here with my Dad for lunch.. He owned two successful Chinese restaurants for 20 years and is hard to please when it comes to going out for chinese. That being said, we both really enjoyed it! We had the fried pork dumplings, eggplant in garlic sauce, and a noodle dish. Will definitely be back soon!
Not bad. Better than most mall type Chinese food. The dumplings are just steamed gyoza style, not the big doughy ones that used to be everywhere. Nothing special, just nothing as good as anything I used to find here. Disappointing.
Food was good but service was hands down terrible! Let's just say the waiter did not understood our questions and answered yes to everything. Low and behold, out comes the $22 Fish Fillet where we asked if it was soup and he says no soup, they had no more tapioca balls but proceeded to charge full price for not so great milk tea drinks.. On top of the several order mistakes.. He gave us vinegar after we had asked for soy sauce! After that sub-par service, why would one expect a generous tip... And at recommended gratuitous amount.. Dude proceeded to follow us out the door demanded that we pay up the 15% tip of the final bill... After terrible service, why do you think I'm going to pay extra.. Did not like this gesture at all! And absolutely will not be coming here again.
Not as good as KungFu Bistro in Eugene, OR - but its the closest Sichuan food to my apartment in NY. Also - it's still really good.
One of my favorite restaurants in NY, I come here whenever I visit my aunts in the city. Their chicken with two kinds of chilies is absolutely amazing--it's what made me fall in love with Szechuan-style cooking.
Excellent Chinese on the Upper West Side, a rarity in this part of town.Cheap good Szechuan, this is the place to go if you like spicy Chinese.Beef with Cumin and Roasted Hot Peppers, excellent !!
Excellent spicy dishes! Most authentic Szechuan food I've ever had in North America. I was in NYC for a few days and came here twice. Not the cheapest but definitely delicious -- I got the chef special individual size mixed hot pot for about $25.
The owner opened several restaurants and they are all great! I love their szechuan food. The taste is authentic and the price is reasonable.
These guys take American Chinese to the next level. My favorites are the fish filets and tofu in chili sauce, the sauteed Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce, and the large seafood hot  sour soup. The service is excellent and the food is delicious.
Probs the best in the area. Everything I've got so far is perfect. Love the picked cabbage  fish soup!
Based on all of the good reviews, three of us went there to check it out ... and we were not disappointed.  The Pan Seared Pot Stickers (pork dumpling) practically melted in your mouth.  The dough was light and delicately crisped on one side.  The Stir Fried String Beans w. Yibin Veggie Buds dish was cooked to perfection.  The braised fish filets w/napa  roasted chili (4 pepper signs, meaning very hot) was fantastic (definitely large enough for 2 people).  The beef with broccoli (which we requested them to make spicy) was good, but not nearly as hot as we wanted.  One person in our party only wanted shrimp fried rice, and reportedly it was quite good.  The staff is very friendly.  The service was good (just remember that the braised fish takes much longer than the other dishes to prepare), and the establishment is very clean.  There are even two bathrooms (one for men and one for women) which are extremely clean.  All-in-all, a very positive experience.  Highly recommend.
Super spicy and authentic. Very Very good. professionally prepared food. Be prepared for the authenticity of the spices. Enjoy !!!
So good! A friend recommended this restaurant as we both struggle to find good chinese in Manhattan but this hits the mark. Super cute place, clean, good service and the food... I am vegetarian and they had lots of options. I had the eggplant, asparagus and green bean trio. There is no lunch special on the weekend (which is basically the same price but without soup) so I was served an enormous dinner portion with brown rice and yes, as a matter of fact I ate every last bite. Can't wait to go back.
Finally a yummy Chinese restaurant uptown! If you are in the area or live by this place don't think twice, this place is really really good!
Fantastic food, wonderfully spiced, service was excellent. Clean and spacious from what I saw. New uptown favorite!!!
I went back today and had the braised fish filets with chili miso for lunch. Outstanding! Must love garlic, however.
Tasty, fresh, really good Chinese food.
I went here for the first time today and tried the eggplant with garlic, dan dan noodles, and cucumber salad. All three were delicious, slightly spicy, and complexly flavored. The portions are generous, in line with most Chinese restaurants in NYC. I am looking forward to ordering takeout from Szechuan Garden again.
This place has AMAZING FOOD!! The service is attentive and quick, and the interior has a great ambiance. Came here for dinner and ordered the Crispy Chicken w/ Garlic sauce (MUST TRY) and it was fantastic. Probably some of the best chinese food I've ever had. So glad I found this spot!!
I had heard of Szechuan Garden from my son, who attended many seminar dinners sponsored by his department at Columbia, at this restaurant. On his recommendation, I reserved a table for 11 people to celebrate my son's graduation. The staff was wonderful. They allow you to bring your own wine and cake with a minimal serving charge.. The food was excellent. I particularly liked an all mushroom dish, but as stated in other reviews, the scallion pancakes and cumin lamb are fantastic.The staff did not rush us even when we were the only people there at closing.The bill for 11 people was extremely reasonable and we felt we truly had a terrific meal and experience to remember.Delicious freshly prepared food at a very reasonable price!!! Alisa F.
One of (if not the) my favourite Chinese places in Manhattan, very traditionally made and the service is fast. Highly recommend
Happened upon this place when looking for a dinner spot with a friend. We were both pleasantly surprised with the quality of food and service here. Their carved eggplant was particularly yummy and presentation was beautiful! Will definitely go back to try more dishes.
Amazing food. We have been coming here since it opened earlier this year. This is a gem on the Upper West side, authentic Szechuan food from China. The chefs menu is extremely eclectic and diverse along with the classics. The ambience is fresh and clean. It is frequented by neighborhood locals and mostly Chinese students and faculty from Columbia University. Needless to say we like it and we come here once a week.
Pretty close to authentic Sichuan food. Good value for their lunch special.
This restaurant is confusing because it seems to have several names, including Szechuan Gourmet.  They also don't appear to be on Seamless, which is a pain.  That said, they are our go-to choice for Chinese takeout.  Their food is authentic Szechuan,  complete with the funky dishes to prove it (with ingredients like rabbit, frogs, etc.) I haven't been brave enough to try the funk, but their mainstream Chinese dishes are great.  Personal favorites include the potstickers, mooshu chicken, and Ma Pao bean curd.  Delivery is fast and the order takers are very courteous.  I highly recommend them, though have never actually been there.
I'm gonna tell you, this place had some serious start-up issues at first. The first time I came here was shortly after the restaurant first opened. The service was poor, the food presentation sloppy, the flavor mediocre.  BUT, after seeing how popular the place has become with our pacific basin neighbors, I decided to try again.  AND THE FOOD, AND SERVICE WERE EXCELLENT.  I had crispy chicken with hot pepper. Tasty, large portion for lunch, spicy but not overwhelming (but they can make stuff as hot as you want).  The menu is a refreshing upgrade in  autheticity from the "seven stars and a moon", or the "happy family", etc. being offered in some area chinese restaurants.  I am glad that I tried them again; I will be  repeat customer.
not real Sichuan food，not pure spicy，but it's good to have a nice Chinese restaurant in New York !
