I tried this place for the first time on Friday. I meant up with a friend for lunch. The place is small. Wood benches and standard chairs. I was there for quite a few hours and we didn't get too uncomfortable. The place wasn't crowded the entire time we were there. People came and went but never overcrowded.For lunch I had the Shami Kabab roll, which is minced lamb, wrapped in Parantha. It was DELICIOUS. So well flavored. I was very pleasantly surprised and so grateful because it was quite affordable and I'm a broke college student. I paired my roll with a Kesar Pista Lassi, which was the saffron and pistachio blended lassi. It's not better than mango lassi but it was interesting and went well with my roll. I will definitely be back again and totally recommend it.
Tasty product marred by poor front-of-house/marketing/launch team. This chainlet replaced the long-lived Stage and opened with loud noises the staff didn't seem to know how to stop (but at least apologized for). They had a grand opening event that every media outlet besides their own social media got right (the day before they said they were at 138 2nd Ave, and as of this review have ignored replies requesting correction/confirmation). They opened that day at 11am, and laughed at people who showed up too early during that window for the promo, which strangely began an hour after opening (to zero to no line at the start). The chicken tikka roll (normally $5) was a satisfying snack to enjoy on the go, more than you'd expect, albeit slightly less pricey than the similar Desi Galli.
I've been to other Kati Roll company locations and have always been happy with the food and service. But going to this new, and conveniently located east village location just made me love and enjoy Kati roll even more.  This location not only has a little more waiting space/seating than the West village location, but it has MONIQUE. Monique is the "it" factor that every establishment needs. She has wit, charm and humor and is immediately welcoming. Monique is wonderfully engaging and will just brighten your world with her genuine words and hilarious jokes. My friend and I not only left full and happy, but amazed at how much our night was made by Monique's fabulous service.
This place isn't quite as it used to be I guess! Had tried couple of times in the past at various locations in the store and also for takeout; the Roti paratha used to be crispy and nice however sad to say its no longer the same. Recently I tried the chicken roll via the Caviar fast bite and the new kosha mangsho roll via Seamless.Both of these experiences were not worth speaking! The chicken rolls came packed in nice boxes with even instructions on how to eat; promptly delivered by Caviar in 15 minutes. 5 stars for the ease of delivery and the packaging however the rolls were not upto par. The chicken was too salty and the sauce/chicken proportion was not right proportion.Today I ordered the kosha mangsho roll, aka the bengali goat curry roll. However the paratha was too thin and not not as good as before, The goat curry was tasteless and was too chewy with fibrous pieces.I am not sure If I am jinxed with this place, that both my recent experiences turned out to be Meh! Really sad!
This place is the rudest most discriminating place I have ever been to in ny! I tried to come here with my service animal and after saying they would seat use refused to give us a table even though we had all the paperwork in place
They're just really not that good. All the rolls taste similar because they use the same sauce (with raw onion, not ideal). Kind of pricey too given the size...
I love Monique! She is so wonderful. I'm gonna come back and try all the Kati rolls just because she's so cool.
This place is amazing can't decide if I love the Kati rolls more or my girl Monique. 10/10 would recommend. Go here and eat a chicken tikka roll for me.
The Kati Roll Company is yummy beyond belief and reminds me of the once beloved Desi Shack (now closed) formerly located just off Union Square. There are so many options, the paneer being my favorite but everything I've tried has been delicious. Not only is the food AMAZING! Monique, the cashier, has the lovliest presence. She is helpful when you're not sure what to order and a blast to talk to. She's capable of engaging a restaurant full of strangers in conversation, a rare accomplishment in NYC. Her excellent memory of past customers and her positive energy has ensured my future (frequent) patronage of this particular location. Love you girl!!!
Horribly managed! No one knows what they are going while customers wait indefinitely. Never come here when you're super hungry or in a rush. Nothing fast about this fast food place.
It was more of a snack. Chicken katti roll was ok, nothing crazy. If you want something to go, you can try. Not a big fan
I came in today to try a roll for the first time. Everyone who worked at the establishment was very friendly. I thought the rolls were small and wouldn't be filling. However, I was quite surprised at, one, how tasty they were (full of flavor in those little things) and, two, how filling they were. I also appreciate that they were willing to honor today's discount before the time allotted which allowed for no long lines.
Love this spot, way better compared to the other kati roll co. locations I been too. Served hot, fresh and very well done! Will definitely come back here and the staff was super friendly too. :d
Food was good , service was great and nice atmosphere. African American lady behind the counter was very welcoming and was nice to hear the different menu items in her NYC accent. We got the egg and steak , chicken and potato rolls.
The food and service are both on point here. Even during a snow storm we were given served delicious hot rolls. Monique is helped us out and was lovely. Highly recommend!!
Monique was the best! She had us laughing. Her personality is so welcoming! I would highly recommend this location because of her!
We entered this place after a really cold chilly day....  Monique at the counter was really friendly and sweet.  They made us really tasty kati rolls and also offered complementary chai. We were very pleased with her pleasant and kind service and will definately visit this place soon again.
This place is really great, walked in on a whim and was glad I did! Prices are reasonable ($4-$7 per roll). I would say 1 roll is a light meal and 2 will leave you pretty full. The cashier is very friendly and helped me pick out the best ones based on my dietary restrictions (vegetarian) and spice preferences. Seating area is small, but very nice. Will be visiting again!
If you like Indian food, TASTY Indian food...get a roll, get a wrap - visit JEANETTE and MONIQUE for a laugh, and FANTASTIC SERVICE. There's nice seating and the food ROCKS!
Welcome to intro-to-indian-food! Please see the attached manual where we will demystify the traditional sounding names and allay your fears that there are unfamiliar ingredients in our rolls. While the branding is probably necessary as indian food tries to make the fast casual leap from the banquet style eateries on 1st avenue, I did feel very marketed to and hand-held, which was mildly amusing. Marketing-aside, the rolls themselves failed to live up to the fanciful descriptions- with the paratha described as "flaky and buttery" being more like "hard and oily". This place reminds me of fast food commercials- where the only way you convince yourself that the food doesn't look gross is purely from the strong imagery in the commercials. With some of these fast casual places, I do feel like pulling a Michael Douglas in 'Falling down' where I want to take the flabby "dough rolled, layered and fried to a golden brown" roll and beat the writer on the head with it. So much is the hand holding that there even is a manual on 'how to eat a kati roll' for the really mentally challenged. All this would have been fine if the food was really that fantastic, or the price/value was off the charts. But no, there were not a lot of redeeming factors to be found and yes, you can definitely find flakier paratha in the east village.
