Love the lunch prix fixe menu. I ordered salad and lamb vindaloo. The salad was average with something like an Italian dressing but with more oil in it. Lamb vindaloo was very good. It was spicy with a hint of sourness. I liked it a lot. The meal came with naan, rice, dal makhani, and wheat pudding. Naan wasn't as buttery as I expected. Dal makhani was pretty good with the rice. The wheat pudding was too much alike the rice pudding, which I was not a big fan of. Overall, I would say this place was good and authenticate.
Stopped here on a whim while walking through TriBeCa. My friends and I shared a few dishes. The lump crab appetizer was the absolute best tasting. We also ordered black lentils, shrimp and a 'meatball' dish with a cashew sauce. Of those three I liked the 'meatballs' best. (Sorry I can't remember the menu names.) It's a big place with a lot of tables and a modern design. It was decent.
This was a great choice for dinner. We arrived fairly early ( 6:15) and we didn't have to wait for a table. The service was very good and the restaurant is nicely designed and not too noisy to have a quiet conversation, even after it became crowded. We had the crab appetizer, and shared the spinach paneer, rice, and curry chicken. The food was excellent, and I could not have asked for better service.
Had a delicious meal all around here. Benares has a couple things I haven't seen before, which is always a plus. I got the baingan mirch ka salan which was really great: stuffed and fried peppers on top, whole baby eggplants that were super tender, and a spicy and very savory gravy. I enjoyed the free rice puffs and chutneys they give you, too.
Lunch special is a great deal!! I will be back in my short week here in NYC.I had the lamb kebab and chicken vindhaloo. Great environment and comfortable. Fast service.
Service is very abrupt. Shahi paneer from here is the most bland Indian dish I've ever had. Lassi is watery and tastes like chemical. But paratha is done well, and my friend who had the andhra chicken curry enjoyed it. Free crackers, chutneys and rice are some nice touches.
Curry dishes were average but tandoori chicken was ammmaaazing!!! Service was fine but could be better.there is certainly scope of expanding the menu.
The short of it is that this place currently has 4 stars on Yelp, with over 300 reviews.  You know how good you have to be to accomplish that?  If you need more, read below, but your time is better spent enjoying their restaurant than reading the below.I've never been a fan of Indian food, but this place is amazing.  And it all starts at the top, with either the manager or owner who has been there every evening we've gone there.  Here is a person who gets it.  Goes above and beyond in the way he has treated us.  I will need to learn his name the next time we head over there, embarrassed that I don't.But it doesn't end with this gentlemen, it only begins.  The food is just delightful.  And they are happy to make recommendations, which we have taken and been happy with.  There was also this one time where we placed an order, and we were told to go with something else instead.  How cool is that?  And it wasn't about the price point.  I don't know enough about Indian food to comment too much, but I found the food to be expertly prepared based on the Indian food I've had.  I'd love to have this place connect with my Wantagh Indian place, they're both off the charts.The place is also very well decorated.  About 6-8 seats at the bar, plus some tables, and there are both booths and some eclectic tables in the back.  Lighting is just right, darker at the bar, less so in the back.We were originally drawn to this place because of the Happy Hour.  We grabbed a couple seats at the bar, which is where we would sit most nights, and checked out the HH specials.  My wife and I are wine people, so it was great to see that they offered most all of their wine bottles at 1/2 off.  We view this as buy one, get one free.  From there we place the food order and know that we are going enjoy our meal.  Always a have a comfortable meal, great food, a couple bottles of wine - this place is great.  We work a short walk away at the WTC, so it's a shame it took us so long to realize how great this place is.This Whole30 diet we are on for the first 30 days of January isn't as hard as I thought it would be, but we are definitely looking forward to February so we can visit this place again.  We've mostly had dinner here, but I am told they have quite the following for lunch, definitely give them a try for either.
Had lunch combo , they don't have weekday buffets .Quality of food was good Service was decent .Lunch combo had:- Fryums: nice snack- chutney: this was very well made - 1 appetizer: I had samosa which was a bit oily but otherwise well made filling- 1 main course dish: I had mix veggie, very good portion size- Dal: very good taste with garam masala- Bread: it included Roti or naan bread- saffron rice : didn't Like the quality of rice used- desert: they had Kheer/ rice pudding , again pretty good Overall quality of food was good.Ambience of place was great Cost $11 - Def worth it especially in NYC
They struggle hard to maintain the upscale ambience with so much of less space. The subtle arrogance of wannabe michelin star restaurant will welcome you right from the moment you enter. Just after two bites of the food, you should feel glad that at least you are not eating halal vendor food.Well overpriced for not so great service, and food taste is not so authentic or not so experimental either.Not a bad choice, if you just want to have indian food with a facade of indian taste.
Amazing experience. The staff was friendly and curtious. The food was definitely worth the trip. Will go back for sure.
My husband and I were trekking around the city on our last trip there. We wanted some Indian food and stumbled upon Benares in Tribeca. The atmosphere was elegant, the service was friendly and the food was delicious. I love Indian restaurants, because there is always a good selection of vegan options. We ordered curries, naan and puri bread. Everything was flavorful. The spices and hotness were perfect.
Went here for a lunch and the place has a nice ambience to it. They have pre-fixe lunch menu with vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. I had the paneer tikka and the saag paneer and both were delicious. All their pre-fixe options come with rice, daal, naan, and dessert of the day. Price was very reasonable for the décor and the quality of the place.
I usually visit this place quite often. They have good lunch buffet selection & great Happy hour $$. Chicken biryani is my favorite
5 stars are for the way my taste buds rejoiced with every bite of everything ordered, including cocktails. Service was excellent. Maybe a touch of live music may just take it to another level... Perfect place to take that special date.
I came here cos' the place I wanted to was closed, but it was worth to be here.After entering in, a member of the staff will come and take you to your table. The restaurant has fancy decoration, very modern with some women shapes, sofas and wood chairs and tables.For lunch they have a two course menu and, with a lot of options in each course, so it looked like a good option to go.As the first option I had Seekh kabab, I've never tried this before, I liked but I didn't loved it. Then I chose Lamb curry with naan, pretty tasty and spicy, meat was really tender, loved it.Lunch menu included a dessert, so I had rice pudding, better than average.In summary I enjoyed the experience, staff was nice and fast, and the most important the food was really good.
Ordered on seamless tonight. The maah dal was out of this world good. Best Indian I've had since moving to NYC. The garlic naan also was excellent. Nice and chewy with plenty of garlic. The rice had great flavor. It all arrived very hot. Will definitely order again!
This review is for delivery only. It started off well with tasty samosas, but that was the highlight. The lamb saag was very watery and bland, but there was plenty of large chunks of meat. The peswarhi naan was pink (!) inside, not at all what I expected. Overall a miss and I'll stick with delivery from Ruchi.
Look no further than Benares if you're looking for a reasonably priced, authentic place to eat in TriBeCa. Came on a Friday night and appreciated that it wasn't absolutely packed like every other restaurant - I think part of the reason is because it's tucked away on a random street. However, the food does not lack in flavor or authenticity. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala as well as the Chicken Vindaloo. Both chicken dishes, but totally different flavors. I absolutely loved the extremely spicy Vindaloo sauce. The Tikka Masala was classic and slightly sweet. Both sauces were great over rice. I would also highly, highly recommend getting the garlic naan - some of the best! The only complaint I have is that the atmosphere didn't seem as nice as they try to make it. There is an effort to look higher end but the lack of detail in cleanliness (some oil stains on the table) and decor made the place look cheaper. However, don't let this stop you from giving this place a try! Service is fast and extremely respectful.
Great food and outstanding service.  My favorite Indian restaurant in the New York so far.  Especially like the selection of appetizers.  Favorites:Konkani Shrimp which is sort of like coconut shrimp on steroids.  Came with a fragrant spicy sauce.  Can't eat enough of these!Aloo Papri Chaat - fried dough pieces with lentils, potato chunks, yogurt, tamarind sauce, mint sauce, garnished with pomegranate seeds.From the rest of the menu, my perennial faves are:Chicken Korma - delicious creamy sauceLamb rogan josh - tender lamb in spicy tomato sauceGarlic naan - warm, soft and very garlicky.Waiters are very friendly.  Ambiance is comfortable and relaxed, with spacious booths.
Benares is by far the tastiest Indian food in the area.I always stick to the prix fixe menu and usually have enough food for 2 meals.If you enjoy vegetarian options, the malai kofta is to die for. The Kashmiri soup and the aloo papri chat are good appetizer options. I've also had the saag panner, and peshawari chole. Everything is delicious!I've never had a problem with the delivery taking too long like some others have so I cannot complain on that end.
Highly recommended.  Great ambiance with a clean modern atmosphere. When you walk in there is a nice bar with a sleek modern feel. That goes for the rest of the restaurant. The staff greets you and takes care of you right away.   Always checking to fill up water, take dirty dishes quickly away, and very courteous. The food was the best part.  You can tell it is fresh because it takes a little while for the food to come out, but when it does it is nice and hot. The flavor is on point and the food was just delicious.  I had the Behl Puri as an appetizer and chicken tikka masala as an entrée
This restaurant was recommended to me by friend who recently moved here from India.  What a great find.  This place is the best!
Benares is definitely has the yummiest Indian food in the Tribeca/Fi-Di/Battery Park area. The restaurant itself is very pretty and intimate with a classy feel so it's good for a girls night out or a dinner date! They have these large booths which gives you plenty of room to sit and plenty of privacy so you don't feel cramped.The food is delicious with my favorite being the Benaresi kachori! The malai kofta was soft and delicious and the gravy was divine. For chicken, I had the malai kebab and it was soft, flavorful and melt in your mouth good. The chicken korma was sweet and flavorful, with the naan being soft and yum! I took one star off because of the service and because I have had issues with them when they deliver. The service at the restaurant was good, but at the end it felt like they were trying to get us out of there because the restaurant had gotten super busy. Regarding delivery....I waited for over an hour for the food (and its like a 15 minute walk from the restaurant). When I called to inquire about the food, they told us that Indian food takes a while and that when it arrives it will be warm not hot............utter rudeness which I did not appreciate. Putting the service issue aside, I can't deny that the food is delicious and the restaurant ambiance is lovely. I would definitely recommend checking Benares out, it is on the top of my list for Indian food in the city......just don't ask them to deliver if you're really really hungry :)
Randomly walked into this restaurant and the food was amazing. Had the Andhra Chicken Curry and it was so spicy and good. Also had the Rogan Josh which was very good but preferred the chicken just because of it being spicy. The Lassi mango was excellent as well as the Rosemary Naan. Highly recommended. Enjoy!
Terrible for delivery, probably excellent for dining in - here's why:I ordered the Prix Fix Dinner Special ($15.95).  The special includes naan, basmati rice, and mango chutney.  I ordered a samosa and the Chicken Tikka Masala.  The samosa order is two tasty samosas with a very spicy side of chickpeas.  The naan is just 'meh,' but I have a feeling it would be best fresh instead of sitting in tin foil.  The CTM and rice was delicious, and I'd say totally worth the $15.95 for the whole meal.It would have been a 5-er, but I cannot stand a delivery that takes 75min when it ought to have taken 30-45min!  There was no discount offered, nor was there the courtesy of an apology.Now, it is hard for me to be a good critic considering I have never made my own homemade Indian cuisine, nor to I dine within this realm more then a handful of times per year.  I say 2* service and 5* food!
This Place has real good indian food. Their lunch menu is amazing and price is also cheap.
I had a very good meal here. I was short on time and they accommodated me rapidly. I am not sure (due to my time constraints) if they have any bar seating (this is my preference - if they don't they should). I had the masala with chicken , and as with masala it was mild yet very flavorful. The pre meal crackers and home made relishes were fantastic.  The staff was great, I would recommend.
Gone here with my co-workers and must say that their lunch special will hit the spot. With a good choice of options and lots of Nan (bread) coming. The lunch special comes with an appetizer, entree, rice & bread, and a little something sweet (usually pudding).The interior spells upscale-ish, the service maybe not so. However the food here is pretty good.
Great food, great service!! Really fresh....great tandoori!!!!! The price range was good and their menu is pretty explanatory of exactly what you are ordering. I was really impressed with the ambiance as well. If you look around an Indian restaurant and see Indians, you know that is really tasty & definitely traditional. I would definitely come back, again and again.
Waking in, I felt like this place was way out of my league, it was so beautiful! It almost doesn't look like a restaurant! But, worry not, all fears of not belonging are taken away by the friendly staff and workers who make you feel just like family!We ordered the curried shrimp for appetizers and the yogurt lamb and potato dumplings for our main entrees, and it was more than enough! The shrimp was crunchy and breaded, the lamb so tender and juicy, and the potatoes were satisfying and creamy! Jasmine basmati rice came with the lamb and went perfectly with it!Indian chips and dip are on the table to start while you wait for food, and the waiter is more than happy to help choose a menu item or explain any dish.Complimentary mango pudding was given after we paid too! Will definitely keep this place in mind next time I'm in town!! Benares, I'm in love! Thank youuuu
Best indian in the neighborhood. Tikka masala is so tasty. Spiced perfectly. Excellent service as well. If you like indian you will love Benares
I've come here a couple times for lunch takeout and dinner with friends. It's a nice quiet place to catch up with someone you haven't seen in a while though the booth tables are strangely wide and make you feel like you're sitting very far a part - it's not a place you can put your heads together.The flurry of waitstaff were attentive, if sometimes confused it seemed as to whether we had been or were being served and by whom.Here's my issue: the food is pretty decent to my admittedly non-expert tastebuds, but I don't think it's superior to cheaper Indian restaurants I've been too. I don't like that I spent $30 for what amounted to just one  entree, one piece of naan, and a mango lassi. It's not crazy expensive, but it felt like a bit more than I want to spend repeatedly for an experience that was less than transcendent. The lunch deal is actually pretty reasonable though considering how much you get. About $12, I think, and you get an entree, appetizer, naan, and rice
I love Indian food, and have eaten it in many cities. This is as good as you could hope for, particularly in a most foodie void around the WTC.  Had Christmas Eve dinner here, and then decided to come back again for Christmas dinner.  The service was excellent (particularly on the second night when the staff recognized us and warmly welcomed us back!). I'd make this a regular go to spot if I lived here, but as it is I visit often enough I hope to have many good meals here. The vindaloo is particularly delicious, not thick and overly tomato based like so many of the west coast indian dishes I have had. Highly recommended.
The Varanasi cocktail was one of the best I've had in the city. The waitstaff made me feel like I was inside on one those novels about rich people's dinner parties, where there is a servant behind your chair ready to spring into action if you flare your left nostril. They recommended a wonderful dish, took me seriously about how spicy I wanted it, checked back when I ordered raita to make sure the spice level was appropriate - I love raita, but I'm not going to bother with it at a place that gives me a curry that barely hotter than the yogurt, so I was excited to order it. The naan was crispy and buttery, the chutneys were piquant, the paneer was perfectly firm. I had a lovely gulab jamun and coffee that was insanely good for some reason I don't understand. The waiters bought my raita & my coffee. The whole place is perfect. I wish leprechauns would rain gold on them.
I'll preface this with "I ordered on Seamless, I did not dine in the restaurant".My food arrived 30-45 minutes late (depending on whether you take the earlier or later time they quoted), it was room temperature at best and my Paratha was moist for goodness knows what reason.  I ended up throwing the food out and walking down the street.Not pleased, especially considering I tipped 25% for what equates to a 10 minute walk.
I haven't had Indian in forever and was super excited to have a friend from out of town come with me to try out this place. When we first came in we were afraid that we weren't dressed fancy enough. The lay-out of the restaurant is very chic and modern. However, the doorman was super nice and found us a seat immediately. The waiting staff was incredibly helpful and sweet. I loved that they even had vegan options on the menu! I would definitely come again if I am in the area!
This is the REAL deal...I am a native NYer in my 40s - I have had my share of Indian food.  I was engaged to an Indian guy once, I know Indian food.  I am usually very hesitant to order out from unknown places - Benares is AMAZING.  I have gotten four meals out of what I ordered:  Saffron Rice with Peas, Paneer Makhani, Chicken Tikka Masala and the Seekh Kabob....AMAZING not GREASY and substantial white meat chicken TIkka.  LOVE this place.  Don't hesitate.
picked up my order of paneer makhani today over lunch. the service was friendly, the order was prepared in 15 minutes from when I called, was piping hot, and was very fresh and flavorful. not the cheapest indian in the neighborhood, but definitely the best tasting I've had so far.
I'm really torn..the food is excellent..but ownership needs to be more sensitive to modern dining. Basically, my gf and I needed something to eat but not a full meal, so we figured sharing a meal would get us by. We order a meal and suggest we are sharing...they say that we can't share a meal..so my gf says... it ok and that shes not that hungry. They bring out the meal and they take away her pre-set knife and fork. They say it is owners policy not to allow sharing. This really is unnecessary..there should be a sharing fee on the menu or some means of communicating this policy other than taking away a dining companions knife and fork when the food arrives. This is no way to treat your guests and it is certainly not good hospitality. It cant even be considered a good business decision because it was 3pm and many tables are available...so her seat didn't cost them any missed revenue. Its just an owner with an insensitive and misguided policy, which will only hurt future business. BTW..the health dept gave it a B rating. But the food was pretty good.
So this is good food. I live in Jersey City, and we have high high standards for Indian food there. This place is awesome! Great to have in this neighborhood. I'm a madras/ vindaloo junkie, and theirs are just spot on!
The space is beautiful and looks high end, making the prices feel very reasonable for what the restaurant is projecting.  Given the location and what's surrounding the restaurant, the atmosphere was perfect for giving a nice, upscale Indian food experience.  The food is excellent, particularly the garlic naan and the lamb chops.  I honestly could eat these tandoori lamb chops every day for the next year and smile after every serving.  They're tender as room temperature butter, and the flavor is top notch.The drinks are thoughtful, strong, and delicious which is everything I look for in a drink.  If you have 2 of these and don't leave tipsy... well then you've got bigger problems.My 5 star rating however is mostly due to the staff.  Everyone was extremely attentive, friendly, and made the experience a great night.  The food pacing was perfect which is particularly amazing given how Indian restaurants generally have trouble with this.Go to Benares, get yourself a mojito and some lamb chops, and be ready for a good time!
Fancy styled restaurant in downtown manhattan.  Food was good, but the portion sizes aren't the largest. Waiters dressed in suits seemed a little overkill.  If you're going to come here for the food, check out the lunch specials.
Good lunch place. The tikka masala and chicken vindaloo we had tasted good, but was not as spicy as we would have liked. Nice quiet environment and good staff. If you're in the area and want some traditional, not overly priced Indian food, this is a safe bet.
I ordered takeout from their prix fixe menu. When I saw the appetizer, the aloo papdi chaat, there were only 4 chick peas and 4 potatoes in the container. It seemed like they ran out of ingredients to be honest. I called the manager, who seemed extremely arrogant, and he refused to give me a partial refund since I was basically robbed of my appetizer. He suggested that next time he will consider giving me a 10 percent discount (basically 2 dollars off for a 20 dollar meal). Keep in mind the appetizer is priced at 8 dollars. Well there won't be a next time, there are a thousand otherIndian restaurants in the city and Benares does not deserve my patronage. Service is outright horrible.
After reading some fabulous Yelp reviews, my boyfriend and I headed here on a random Friday night around 6PM, no reservation. We were seated immediately although the restaurant was starting to fill up. There is a happy hour at the bar, but we didn't partake... The first thing about this place which I loved is it's décor - really cool vibe inside & winding tables in the center of the restaurant. They clearly used a decorator here and didn't skimp to set the mood. BUT WAIT, the goodness doesn't stop there. The service was impeccable. The waiters were SO accommodating and friendly - allowed us to take time looking at the menu and made suggestions. Honestly any person that we interacted with was a pleasure & everyone was in a good mood - even a bus boy who mentioned it was only his second day! Maybe they just hire nice people.... Anywho, onto the food... We tried to chicken korma, chicken vindaloo, palak paneer (Spinach with cubes of cheese) and onion kulcha. Everything was delish! The korma chicken was a bit more tender than the vindaloo, but both were still above average. My only real disappointment with Benares was their dessert - DON'T get the pistachio kulfi :-(!!! It must have been pre-packaged, but the texture was like wet chalk - that's the only way to describe it. My boyfriend and I couldn't even eat it, but we won't let one crappy dessert ruin an overall amazing experience. We will definitely be back.
I used to come to Benares but I won't be any more.  I was by myself and the hostess set a group of 2 before me even though I was there first.  When I raise this issue, she told me that another table is opening up quickly and it won't make any difference.  So I didn't care.  Then another group of two showed up and she requested that I seat at the bar instead.  I left instead.  This whole experience left a really bad taste in my mouth.
Went to this place last night after visiting the museum of feelings. We were seated right away and the place had a nice atmosphere. The waiters were generally friendly and helpful. We ordered the chicken tikka and aloo paratha for appetizers and they were very good. I ordered the chicken biryani and my girlfriend ordered the chicken korma for entrees. The size was very good for the price. The taste of the food was also very good. Ordered the ras malaai for dessert and that was not that great; the only thing that was not worth it. The food was great, but I'm giving this place 3 stars for the bathroom. To get to the bathroom you have to go out the door and down the stairs to the basement. Pretty far away if you ask me. When I went into the bathroom I was immediately turned off by the foul smell. The bathroom looked like it hadn't been cleaned all week and it smelled that way, too. I almost threw up. For such a nice looking restaurant I expected the restroom to be much better taken care of. This makes me question the sanitary aspects of this place as well as the food.
Oh my goodness where do I begin.This Place is AMAZEBALLS!!!Okay first off this place is right down the block from my boyfriends job I'm madd we haven't discovered this place earlier. When we walked in we stood at the front desk to be seated which took 5 seconds. When we got to our table we sat down and noticed that the place was completly dark and candles were everywhere. VERY SEXY!!!! There was a candle on our table which  made the night romantic. Funny because we didn't even plan to have a romantic night we was just HUNGRY and needed a quick stop to eat.The waiter bought a dish out with 3 dipping sauce. We didn't know what it was until we tasted it and it appeared to be onion rings lol. We then looked at our menus and decided to order the LAMB SAGG (Tender pieces of Lamb sauteed with fresh spinach enhanced with spices)  This is when the magic began. The spinach was soooooo creamy and tasty! I never had spinach with so much flavor! Then hidden was cubes of Lamb which melted in your mouth. I swear bitting into the lamb I heard soft whispers of BAAAAAAAAH lol I guess the waiters knew we were enjoying this delicious meal because they came around twice and asked "is it good?"with smiles on there faces. I guess they had a clue because every time we took a bite we sung UUUUUMMM YUMMMMM lol. So after we asked for the check. We just knew that our bill was gonna be crazy high. Bill came is was only $34.00 dollars. YESSSS!!!! We didn't break our pockets. I left a 5 dollar tip and said we will be back soon.
The Chicken Tika Masala was not that great. Service was good and also the food served was hot. They have a prefix menu for lunch
Ok. It's a nice looking place that would be good for a few drinks with your food. I found their curries to be fairly basic and the chicken inside was a little over cooked. The place still seems like the best Indian food in the neighborhood, so will have to try it again.
This place has great service and a trendy ambiance for a date night in fidi. If you're ever in the area and crave Indian, then this is a must go. The chicken tikka masala wasn't dry and had the right amount of kick to it. The saag paneer was flavorful with the perfect creamy consistency. We ended our meal with the pistachio kulfi, a light dessert to top it off. I'm definitely coming back again and all the way from the UES.
I came for lunch with a friend yesterday and I have officially added it to my "fave restaurants list". For the lunch special I ordered papri chaat as an appetizer (my friend ordered some salmon appetizer thingy which was delicious) and we both had the goan curry shrimp for the main course. It came with naan and rice. We were given pistachio kulfi for dessert but I ordered gulab jamun as well. The food was fantastic and I was stuffed! I have indian friends so I'm used to "authentic" south asian cuisine but I dont expect restaurants to have that "home cooked meal" feel because, hellooooo, it's a freakin restaurant! As long as the food is good, I'll be happy. Anyway,  it's a gorgeous restaurant. Very well kept and clean as a whistle. It's very easy to find and very convenient location wise. I would have given it 5 stars except the service was severely lacking.  Our waiter looked completely bored and uninterested. He wasn't rude but he wasn't personable at all! Cheer up sir! It was a beautiful day! Other than that, if you want an affordable, cute little lunch/dinner spot, Benares is the place to go!
Came for lunch, did the Special why not. I'm just an average fan of Indian food.Value was very good, place is busy, because of that. Lots of take out, that tells you something about the ambience. Efficiently run and I'm sure profitable. Good for them.
Benares is very unassuming from the outside, and very easy to walk by without ever noticing.  The only reason I ever noticed it was because we were looking for a place for a drink after work, and saw the sign that said half price drinks from 4pm-7pm.  The drinks are not very expensive here to begin with, so this may be the cheapest place to happy hour in Tribeca that is not a dive bar.  The interior design of the restaurant is actually pretty nice, nice ambiance.  The only issue is that the lighting is way too dim inside, my eyes took a little time to adjust upon walking inside.  The food here was good.  We ordered and appetizer and  4 dishes:Aloo Papri Chaat was good, crispy, and had good flavoring.  To be honest, I've never had this dish before, so I can't really compare it to any other restaurant, but I enjoyed it. Saag Paneer was average, which in my mind is good.  I usually like this dish, so even though it didn't stand out compared to other restaurants, that is not a bad thing.  I want to say this is a staple of Indian cuisine, so it would be like going to a Chinese takeout joint and ordering chicken and broccoli...it's hard to expect it to be much better anywhere.  Baingan Mirch Ka Salan was a good eggplant dish.  I usually order Baingan Bharta, but we took the waiter's recommendation on this, and I'm glad i tried it.  It's not mashed like the Bharta, and is accompanied by a coconut and peanut flavored curry.  Chicken Korma was solid.  The korma was a nice light flavor, and not too sweet, which is usually my gripe with korma flavor.  The chicken had good texture too, unlike many places where it feels like the meat was just sitting in a pot of sauce cooking for way too long.  Laal Maans was probably my favorite dish of the night (probably because I really like lamb).  Like the chicken, I really liked the tenderness of the lamb in it.  The sauce was a little bit spicy, and was seasoned well.  Benares is definitely a worthy place for dinner downtown, and a hidden gem when it comes to happy hour.
I ordered on their website on Sat night. Placed the order at 8:01pm and it said it would be delivered asap/8:30pm. Called at 9:00pm, person said they just got the order (huh?) and it would be another 15-25 minutes. Food arrived at 9:40pm (1 hour 40 minutes total delivery time). All the sauces are watery too, I don't recommend.
High quality food, well trained respectful waiters, calm relaxing atmosphere - what else do you need for a good dinner!!!I am from Bay Area, it is extremely hard to surprise with with Indian restaurant - I have eaten at tens of them. Benares clearly stands way out!We followed other recommendations from Yelp, so here is what we ate and loved the food:1. Do try Crab Chettinadu. It is great appetizer!2. My wife ordered Chicken Tikka Masala. While it is more or less ordinary Indian dish, Benares made it very good.3. I ordered Laal Maans - one of the best lamb dishes I ever ate!We ordered a bottle of wine, tried  and didn't like it. Waiter took a bottle away without any fuss, asked us what we didn't like about this wine and recommended another one which turned out good. All of this was done very politely and didn't make us feel uncomfortable at all. Great customer service, Benares!!!Thank you Benares staff and owners for maintaining high quality restaurant with reasonable prices.
Really good place for Indian in Tribeca. The service was excellent. The servers were very professional and responding. The atmosphere as well is decent, one of the nicest I've seen in places with ethnic food. The food itself was also delicious. We had the chicken tikka masala which was a very generous portion and tasty and the tandoori lamb chops which were also very good. The garlic naan was to die for and overall we enjoyed a beautiful dinner there. The prices were equally good and it comes also with good offers for the lunch menu -  mentally noted for the next time I will visit it. And I won't wait long for that!
Ate here on a Sunday night while in town on business.  I was in the mood for Indian and Benares did not disappoint.  The dining room has a good ambiance - a generally cool vibe.  As appetizer, I ordered the khosta gobi - lightly fried cauliflower in a spicy sauce.  I had never had this before - fantastic!  I'll order it anywhere I can find it from now on.  For dinner, I had the dal makhni.  It was solid quality - the basmati rice was particularly nice.  I'd definitely come back when I'm in the area.
Visiting New York for several days, and this was by far the worst restaurant I ate at.The food was okay, but the service was horrendous. The waiter was rude and didn't seem to care for people's food allergies. First, he put a fork that was dropped on to the floor back on to a table for the next unknowing customer to use.After claiming that the meal is nut-free multiple times, my friend develops anaphylaxis after having the appetizer. The manager or the waiter said there were no nuts in the food, but found out almonds were in the appetizer after asking the chef. The manager hovers over us for the rest of the meal.Please save yourself and don't go to this restaurant.
Went with three friends - we were seated promptly and everyone was very attentive, great service.  Apps and entrees were excellent, but the two desserts we had weren't amazing (the ami sheera in particular was very grainy and didn't taste of mango at all.)  Would definitely go back!
Among the finest Indian food in NYC. Most authentic North Indian flavors that i found in the city so far. Somehow its very less known and doesn't show up in most searches. Worth the visit.
This restaurant is gorgeous inside and is one of my favorite places for Indian food in the city. I'm so glad it's near my office! The staff is ridiculously sweet and attentive. That would usually annoy me but the people here are so nice that I didn't mind talking to them every few minutes throughout my meal. (I was eating lunch alone at the bar so I'm sure it'd be different if you were seated at a table or with a group.) Try the lunch Prix Fixe. All the options are delicious and the carrot pudding dessert was soooo good!
Being a close friend with the owner of an Indian restaurant in Hawaii I came in here with high, maybe unreasonable, expectations. However, Benares did not disappoint. The decor was a little dated and lighting dark but the food was excellent and the waitstaff friendly. I ate until I could no longer. Benares is well worth the visit.
This is my second favorite Indian restaurant in the city after Brick Lane Curry House in the East Village. The menu consists of all your favorite Indian restaurant choices but with a noticeably better grade of ingredients. The ambiance is elegant and quiet but getting the lunch combo to go is also a solid choice. I also love the array of dipping sauces that you get with your order.
Food was good! We ordered Chilli Chicken, goat biriyani and Chicken biriyani. The taste was authentic.
After having a detailed walk through the WTC museum, we ended here. The service was accommodative enough even after 3 pm. The samosas, naan is very delicious.
Had ordered seamless from here many times before going in for a meal and was pleasantly surprised by the interior and how nice Benares was. Went here for a weekday lunch and was seated quickly, despite the place being quite busy. The servers were attentive and friendly. Chose to have the non-vegetarian lunch prix fixe which was a great deal for $12.95. The malai kebab was a little disappointing and not as creamy as I thought it would be.  The lamb vindaloo was spicy and delicious and the naan was perfect! Couldn't make it to dessert. Definitely the best place for Indian in the area!
Post closure of Baluchi, this place is the best bet for Indian food in TriBeCa. Got delicious food in affordable range. Must recommend everyone to try this once.
I love Benares and it has become our home away from home.  Our son walks into the place and gives high fives to the entire staff and picks his favorite table (where he can see the television).  The staff is friendly and the food is really excellent.  I highly recommend asking for their recommendations as they have always steered us well based on our palate and appetite.  Be prepared (and happy) to walk out with leftovers as they are just as delicious as when reheated as when they are originally served!
I have been to this place before but this review is based on my last visit alone. All the dishes that we ordered were not fresh and seemed as if they were frozen. The quality of food has been going down since my past visits.
I need to start that I did takeout through seamless and I am so happy I did.  I've been walking by this new restaurant for weeks and it looks empty inside.  Not sure why, the food is excellent.  I ordered the Adraki Samosas which were crisp and delicious with  the Chutney. Main course was Chicken Jalfrezie which had the right amount of spice.  To round out the dishes I ordered the Naan and Peas Pulao (rice) which all worked great together.  The only minor feedback is for them to label all the sauces that come with it.  It came with four sauces, honestly I got confused.  All very tasty, but a little help would have been great.I will definitely order again.
Me and my husband came in toward the closing hour so the manager kind of rushed us in the end, which was inconvenient as we were in the middle of the meal. However watching us hurry he probably realized and apologized. About the food, we had lamb vindaloo curry 4.5/5 which was pretty good but the potatoes were missing and chicken tikka masala wasn't that great maybe a 3/5. The chicken was kinda chewy. The aloo paratha was good, more like 4.5/5. We also had garlic naan which didn't have much garlic, so maybe a 3. I live really close so I am not sure if I would come back again.
Friendly attentive service and great atmosphere. Everything was delicious...I was presently surprised about how  good the sea bass was. I normally get shrimp or salmon but the sea bass was a great choice. The chili chicken was also very good.
I rarely give 5 stars but this place fully deserves it. I've been here many times and each and every time the food and service was excellent. Very friendly and helpful staff and not over intrusive. You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu so it's hard to recommend a certain dish. I tried almost everything and I would have it again and again.
The "prix fix" lunch was outstanding and the service was fast and professional. This place serves excellent Indian food. The recipes for the vegetarian dishes are from the city of Benares the (restaurant is named after a city in northern India.) I highly recommend the vegetarian eggplant dish called baingan bharta. I also enjoyed the kadhai goat. This dish had thick slices of goat meat still on the bone served in a spicy, gingery and peppery sauce.
The best Indian restaurant in the area. Great traditional and fusion dishes, serving good quality ingredients compared to other typical Indian places.  I have eaten here 3 times in the past month...always been consistently good.
Greta location. We ordered the veg and non veg lunch. The appetizers were good but the gravy both the non veg (chicken tikka) and veg(malai kofta) were too sweet. I don't expect it to be spicy but this was way too sweet. Really disappointed. The interior is good and has a nice feel. But they need to work on the taste of the food and make it more authentic. And we left a tip of 15 percent and they said they usually get 20percent :( seriously ????? If the quality of food was great I don't mind tipping !!!
Came here for a group lunch.  Very nicely decorated space.  They even have an area to hang your coat!It was a bit awkward at first, because we came in a large group.  We called to let them know ahead and while they said their large table was taken, they could still seat us.  But they didn't mention that 6 of us would be in a booth and the other 2 would be at a table about 5 feet away.  Good thing we were a very loving group, because we decided to squeeze together in the sizable booth.  And they came out with puffed rice chips with tasty dipping sauces  which was a nice surprise at lunch, and diverted our mild discomfort.  But then came the lunch specials.  We pretty much got a little bit of everything and ended up sharing family style with the prixe fixe!  The lunch special comes with your choice of an App, an Entree (vegetarian or non-vegetarian) and your choice of dessert.  I enjoyed the samosa because it had some spice to it!  And the mixed pakora (mixed veggie fritters) - YUUUUMMM and it wasn't too greasy at all.  I had the chicken tikka which was tender, creamy,  had a good spice to it and wasn't too oily.  Also shared at the table was saag paneer, boghi jaipuri, chicken saag and chicken jalfreezie, all of which were very tasty and approved by all.  Also their naan and parantha were hot, fresh and perfect pairings for our saucy entrees.  There was so much food that some of us were able to box it up.  For dessert, we had rice pudding that had a nice touch of cardamom on top!Overall, this place is absolutely great for a group lunch - just RSVP earlier!  While it felt a little pricey to do lunch, it was a special occasion, and could not have picked a better place for everyone to enjoy!
Paneer tikka was below average. Naan was prepared and tasted like a roti. Overall below average experience
Went here recently because Taj Tribeca closed down. I thought the atmosphere and interior was very nice. It is a pleasent environment and quiet. The food is decent but not great. The bread is just ok. I ordered the eggplant and didn't like it very much. My friend ordered the chicken tikka and it was just ok.  I can't give this place more than 3 stars unfortunately. They really need to improve their food.
The service is really bad. The food is ok. At the end when we paid our bill the guy comes in and says in US you usually pay 20% tip. Will never go back there.
Best Indian food in TriBeCa. We went for lunch on a late Saturday afternoon. The place is cozy. The menu has soo many veggie options. We went for the pre-fix set combo. You can choose one appetizer, one entree and the dal, paratha and dessert come with it. The food is delicious and the quantity was quite a bit and I had left overs for later. The malai kofta and dal are too die for. A must try.
We went for dinner last night and greatly disappointed with the quality of food.None of items( except Rasmalai) are close to authentic indian food taste.The curries were bland and no taste inspite of our special request for extra spicy.Good things are:1.Ambience2.Service3.RasmalaiBad ones are:1.Veg and Non veg appetizers.2.Main course curries3.Andhra Chicken curry- Big shock  to Andra people( Unfortunately-we are from Andhra)4.Pista Kulfi ( Worst we ever had)The value for money spent at this place is ZERO.We will never revisit this place.
Very trendy and spacious atmosphere. The service was very welcoming and did not rush us at all. Great chicken tikka malsa - chicken wasn't dry and a good portion to share. Saag paneer was also very tasty. Prices are very reasonable, especially for the quality of food and ambiance of the restaurant. A great date night place for the financial district!
we liked that there was a really wide selection to choose from on their menu. we ordered tikka masala and samosas. it was very delicious but we also added both naan and rice to our order without knowing the tikka masala came with an order of rice and ended up having too much food. would def order from here again.
Benares has the best service and ambience I have ever experienced at an Indian restaurant. The food was beyond what I would normally expect from Indian cuisine. I would definitely recommend trying from the seafood list. I will be coming back.
I am a huge fan of "goat-with-bones" curry and it's my go-to dish for every Indian restaurant. I ordered the same dish here on Seamless, hoping it's better than other places since the price is higher ($18) than other restaurants ($14). However, I could barely found any meat. There were 4-5 pieces of meat with bones and all the others are purely bones. I was trying to give them a chance by asking them if I was having a bad luck. The guy was very rude and said that's how they have always been. I'll never order from this place again. The taste is decent, so 2 stars instead of 1.
Yummy.  The lunch special was inexpensive and delicious.  The place is classy and clean.   I can't wait to come back!
Very good indian food. Their aloo paratha, aloo gobhi and dal makhni are my favourites. Desserts are also yumm. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends :D
Three stars for food and 1 star for service. And it was egregious so I cannot average this to 2 stars. Came in to a not very busy restaurant and was immediately seated at a table near the bar. Ordered the benarsi dal, naan and iced tea. The water brought fried puffed rice with 2 sauces to start; but the puffs were soggy so I passed.  The dal was flavorful with moderate heat and the bread was good. However, the iced tea tasted like it was made from a presweetened powder and it was slightly carbonated; yuck.  But the service was good up to this point.My problem came with the check. About 3 months ago I came in for lunch, which was very good by the way. I ate at the bar because it was very busy. The check came to something shy of $30 and I put down $40. Then I waited for my change. I waited a long time. Finally I was able to flag down the bartender and asked for my change; his response was annoyance. He went over to the register, looked through all the checks to find mine, looked at it, spoke to the manager.  The manager opened the register and brought my change. When I asked, the manager apologized for the mistake and stated they didn't know I wanted change. Really? Ok, it was busy so mistakes can happen.  This time the check including tax was $19 and I didn't have any singles so I put down $30, figuring they would understand that I needed change to leave a tip. Generally I leave 20% tips; I start with that and the server has to lose percentage points with bad service.  So I waited for my change. I waited a long time again. Finally I was able to flag down the manager and asked for my change. Sensing a theme here?  Same routine, different day.  After finding my check and opening the register, the waiter brought my change back, and then apologized saying they didn't know I wanted change. Really? Who leaves an $11 tip on a $19 check? And for it to happen twice in two visits seems to show a plan rather than 2 random accidents.
Great decor but I would rate the food low. It was just about ok as far as Indian taste goes. Won't be back again!
Came with coworkers for lunch, and also ordered pick-up for a few times. They have a really good lunch combo for under $10 after Seamless discount, which would last me for two meals. If you do sit down, they serve complementary chips/naan.
We loved this place.  The restaurant is clean and attractively decorated.  Very tasty food, and the selection of the dishes was assisted by a very helpful waiter.  Prices are also very reasonable.  We will definitely be back.
Best Indian food I've had in quite a while. Definitely a good addition to dining options in Tribeca.JR
After returning from Singapore I was starting to worry I wouldn't get my Indian fix nearby.  No worries, Benares is great: food is authentic and they're not shy with the spices.  It's as good as Indian back in Singapore, though admittedly more expensive.  Servers have been attentive as well.
Great food. Highly recommend the okra, eggplant, and garlic naan. Attentive staff, very nice. Very crowded at lunch, which means the food turns over and is fresh.
IMO, this is the best indian restaurant in the area.  Portions are on the larger side: for dine-in, one main course is more than enough.  The $15.95 take-out special is a great deal, but menu options are more limited.
I love Tamarind in Tribeca but Benares' food is almost as good at half the price for lunch!  The papri chat is delicious as an appetizer and their chicken curries are very good although they could afford to give a little more chicken.  Rice and naan included for the table to share - can't beat the price!
Hands down best Indian food in the city. Have been to many Indian restaurants and am pretty adventurous with dishes and flavors. There were a few go-to seamless and eat-in spots I developed over several years, and Benares really has become it. I usually order dinner so cannot comment about the lunch offerings or service/timing at busier times, but in my experience, food is consistently excellent and service is impeccably professional. Its also a reliable place to catch a drink and have an audible conversation with a colleague after work (its perfectly situated between the WFC and the subway) without the unpredictable drama and crowds that might appear at the nearby establishments. Have brought a medium sized group of very discerning eaters and everyone was very happy. Thank you for being such an essential staple in the neighborhood!
Great food, good prices, and a nice space. We lucked out getting a reservation at the last minute - wasn't too busy but it was really cold out - so don't skip the reservation just in case!
Both in and out eating it is consistently great - friendly team who are always happy and engaging and of course excellent food
Moved to the neighborhood last Summer and Benares quickly became our go to restaurant.  We were initially lured in by half-price happy hour and now we return at least weekly for the amazing food, chic ambiance, and great service. We've put our palates into the very capable hands of the managers, Dipin and Diller, to recommend dishes because there are so many to choose from.  Some favorites are Chili Chicken, Khasta Gobi, Crab Chettinadu, Makkai Ka Soweta, Goan Salmon Curry but every dish we've ordered has been fresh, flavorful and perfectly spiced.  It's the perfect place to be introduced to delicious Indian food if you've never tried it and if you're already a fan of the cuisine then this is the place you want to go for consistently amazing food with top quality service.  Don't forget to try the Rose Ice Cream (yes, made with real Indian Red Roses and unexpectedly sublime).
I have been here multiple times and ordered variety of dishes. It is hard to keep Indian dishes consistent. The one thing that always stands out is the consistentcy of each dish. They are very well prepared and taste great.
Relatively affordable Indian food with great service. Their desserts are wonderful.
Benares was amazing! I dined in for my birthday last Saturday evening (3/23) and from the moment I walked in everything was wonderful. We were greeted at the door and taken right to our seats once we told the hostess we had reservations. The ambience was perfect. Romantic and quiet. The food was superb! Very delicious. I'd highly recommend this place. And i do plan to go back. I'd love to check out the midtown location. 5 stars indeed!! (and i'm a tough critic)
Best food in the area.  The kebab is fantastic, might be on spicy side for some, and the rest of the dishes are quite good.  I'm not a fan of the atmosphere.  It's a little too much for the type of food this is.
Check the restroom pretty cool
Not impressed with the hostess/bartender.  She didn't seem that interested in helping me.  When she brought some of my food she didn't even really put it in front of me or acknowledge me when she put it down.  I had to ask, "is this mine?" I asked if they had any caffeine free drinks and she said no. Later on I see someone drinking sprite.  She didn't check on me until I was practically done with my food and I had to ask someone else for a refill.  Keep in mind there was only one other person dining at the bar when I was there. The owner/manager did check on me at the end of my meal and it made me feel bad for him as it must be hard to find good employees.
Very nice place, good food and very tasty. I know cheaper options to indian - if price is important to you too - that are good too but I come back here ocasionally.
Ambiance -  Very NY, exactly what I would expect from a finance district restaurant. Tall ceilings, great lighting, perfect place to impress a colleague, date, or go with a group of 5-6. Definitely a good lunch/dinner/drinks spot. Food - Great presentation, very flavorful and true to the menu descriptions. Appetizers were good portion sizes, and the wait staff was clear about how many servings were appropriate for our group. The shrimp dish did come out cold, but the rest of the apps were very tasty, epically the vegetable samosas. My entrée the lamb vindaloo was one of the tastiest I've ever had and someone else ordered the lamb chops which were equally as delicious. Long story short - Go with the Lamb!As for Drinks, the house wine was a food network approved sparkling white that complimented desert perfectly; and it's clear that the mixologist they had create the cocktail menu is an ace. All of the cocktails were unique, delicious and made just perfectly! Drink Up!Service - The wait staff was excellent, very attentive, polite and eager to make the experience top notch. Our waiter in particular knew the menu well and made several suggestions as we moved through the courses.In general, great place I will be back!
Vegetarian food is just so blend. Some of the non veg dish like Goan Fish was slightly sweet. Paneer tikka was not at all good. It was as if Paneer was dipped in butter and then cooked on a pan. No good.
Awesome lunch period :) this place has great staff, warn staff and equally simple but effective Indian food. Right portion for lunch that has dal, roti and desert inclusive.
Good lunch special. I had the vegetarian plate. You choose your dishes, includes an appetizer and a main course.
I had high expectations when I ordered takeout from Benares, given all the positive reviews, but it was a disappointing experience. Firstly, the food arrived over 75 minutes after I'd ordered. That is an awfully long time to wait for dinner! I called the restaurant about an hour after placing the order and was told that my "food was on its way". Now, the restaurant is about a 10 minute walk at best from my apartment.About 70 minutes after I'd ordered, and with no food, I called again. By this point, hunger had gotten the best of us and I was not even particularly interested in this food.The manager was pleasant enough, but rushed and promised to "make it up to me".  He asked me to call the following day, then quickly followed it up with an offer to call me back. He said he couldn't give me a discount or a refund since I had placed the order through Seamless.That was about three days ago....I am still waiting for him to call.Needless to say, I will not be ordering from here again. Which is a pity, because I think the neighborhood could have used a good Indian restaurant.
One of the best Indian restaurants I've been to. Everything we had was delicious. It pleased everyone from my vegetarian father to my carnivorous husband to my picky one year old. Our server was very nice and helpful and made our dining experience (especially with a toddler) very pleasant. We will be back.
A hidden gem near my place! After recently getting put on Indian food, came here bc of the good reviews. Really a nice looking restaurant with great service and good. My bf and I ordered the chicken curry and a lamb dish. Both spicy, but really good. We will definitely back!
Food was actually very good and service was fair too but however the waiter was very selfish and rude when it came to being tipped. I went there with my boyfriend on a date and as we were talking out the waiter came running after us saying we sat there for two hours and the tip is not enough and we need to give him more. I found that disgusting because tip is upto the customer as how much they would like to give. Tip is a choice not a must. And then following you is worse. You do not follow anyone asking for more money! Because of this I will never go back to this place and recommend people to be aware. The boss or manager should train the employees not to run after someone for a better tip! And we tipped them a reasonable amount which was 18%. They ruined their reputation and I will hold my grounds of not returning back here!! Also we didn't sit for two hours it was about 45 minutes the most! Ouch!
It was a quiet Saturday night and our party of four was allowed to eat and talk from 6:30 to almost 10 with no unnecessary interuptions. The food was excellent--I specifically recommend the fried cauliflower appetizer and the crab curry.
can only speak for their catering, but this place rocks. they did an amazing job for our wedding. very professional, food was amazing. everyone loved it. highly recommend.
Good food. Takeout lunch specials are not the same value as the dine in ones which i dont understand!!!
Came here last night for dinner for the first time and was impressed.Decor was elegant, not that romantic, but still tastefully done.Though I am a vegetarian, I am going to convey the praise for the 'kozhi-rasam', an hot soup with chicken found in the appetizer section.  Both of my meat-eating companions loved it.  'Rasam' is a liquid south Indian dish (think watery soup with tomatoes but having a  sharp taste due to to various spices) that is usually had with rice in India.  This 'rasam', which can also be had by itself as a hot soup, however was more like a 'kozhambu', a thicker tamarind based dish (not 'sambhar') that's has its own uniqueness and delivers strong taste due to its consistency and the way it's coooked and seasoned.  The 'kozhambu' makes an excellent pairing with bland food like spinach and other greens and is  usually is served ahead of the 'rasam' in the south Indian meals.  But I digress (see how the very thought of it can make me write!).Apparently this 'kozhi rasam' was so wonderful and will be fantastic with dosas and iddlis (all south Indian items) or just plain rice.  They were all praise for it and wanted to come back just to have that as the main food.They also loved the goat in the entree section.As for me, I wasn't that impressed with the Kashmiri tikka that I tried for appetizer.  The beet for some reason dry and wasn't that nice as the ones that 'Moksha' (which was on the other side of Murray a few years ago but had unfortunately closed) served.  Similar experience with the 'Nawabi Sabji', that was sounded nice - fresh veggies with special gravy and a cardomom flavor.  Veggies were fresh no doubt but the gravy was ok and no hint of cardomom.  The bread basket was wonderful and the waiter knew that I liked the Rosemary naan and so substituted the regular naan with the Rosemary one in that bread basket.  Nice service!  The parathas and naan in the basket were very nice.The table snacks wasn't the usual pappad but a different variety and was yummy.  The yellow sauce (tasted more like the Indian pickle) was great - not that spicy, had a pleasant tanginess.  We finished two plates of that fried stuff!We tried the rasamali for dessert and it was very good.The praise of my companions was enough for me to want and try the other items - like the dum aloo and the malai kofta.  I think the latter is in the lunch menu (btw, an attractively priced option) and I will certainly have to try it.Overall impressed and will share my thoughts the next time I go there.If you like North Indian food, highly recommend giving this place a try! :)
Food is good, not excellent.  Worth a revisit only if in the area.  The prices are greater than they should be, though the portions are large.  Nice atmosphere.
The new Benares is a amazing addition to this neighborhood. As a foodie, my expectations are high and yes, they rock!! The food was graciously presented and super delicious, the service was top of the line. The Maître-D took care of us so well, the waiters were cordial and just enough, the flair-bartender/sommelier  took care of wine and drinks like no other.. We were amazed and will recommend this Indian fine dining to all of you guys!!For the first week open, they really gave us a superb experience at a normal NYC price, incredible. If you like being taking care of, you have to try it.
I am a definite Indian food snob and their food was delicious and prepared in an authentic manner. We had the shrimp and cauliflower appetizer and for main course the very traditional saag paneer but then a fusion dish - chili chicken. It tasted homemade. They accommodated our preferred spice level and were really nice with our daughter (who is 4) as well. I am definitely coming back here!  Glad to have a good Indian joint in the hood!  Finally!!
The appetizers are great. Good service n the Briyani not up to the mark.
So super yummy!  We have eaten at, or gotten delivery, from every Indian restaurant in Tribeca. Our favorites are Taj Tribeca and Tamarind, but Benares takes the blue ribbon. The food is excellent!
Food was tasty. Service was abysmal. Dishes arrived cold and not everything came out at the same time. Pity. The place has nice ambiance, but can't seem to get it together.
The paneer makhani was abysmal. The gravy was poorly done and tasted like canned tomato puree. The paneer was like rubber very disappointing
Haven't actually been here so this review is based on my experience with delivery. Consistently very timely even though I'm in the middle of soho. The chicken lunch platter is great, pretty inexpensive. The portion is a little bigger than 'just right' and comes with rice and naan. Giving 4 stars instead of 5 because one of the sauces that comes with my food manages to explode inside the bag every time.
We stopped in on Sunday 12/23/12  for happy hour. This 3 week young restaurant was practically empty, so we weren't sure whether it was worthwhile. The decor was contemporary and beautiful and the bar had a hip vibe. Wines and drinks were 2 for 1 and super reasonable, not like your typical NY prices. Any drink could be had but the menu contained several signature drinks with exotic ingredients like tamarind. Some Indian crackers were served gratis. Service was very attentive and each server was more handsome (Omar Sharifish) than the next!I stopped in on the way back to our hotel the following day but in addition to the wonderful malbec for happy hour, I also ordered an appetizer of mixed pakora from the bar, a potpourri of delicately fried vegetables including, eggplant, sweet potato, spinach, plantain and a large long hot pepper that was so good and hot!!!Several sauces for dipping accompanied. Unlike the previous day, I noticed the inviting, perfectly lit dining room was quickly filling up with customers.  Whew! That was a relief;  I want to return to this restaurant next year.
GREAT food, good prices, great portion sizes.  We randomly found this on yelp and it was super good!  The decor is beautiful, the service is great, but honestly, the food was awesome.  Try it!
I loved it! I went there after shopping for hours at Century 21 and I was looking for nice food and some rest in a reasonably priced place the area. I found Benares through yelp and it was one of the best options for food downtown. Lovely environment for dinner, great stuff, nice food in taste and quantity and very reasonably priced. I will come back soon! Well done, from a strict judge when it comes to NYC restaurants!
In the past I would give it a 5, today if I could give it a 0 it would be 0 not even 1. I used to go there with a friend who works in the area for dinner and then we started going for lunch. We were always treated very nicely in the past. The time before the last time the service already got worse. I decided to give it one last chance and it was THE WORST EVER experience... The manager and the waiters that used to be there in the past were not there. Instead there was this girl who didn't even know the name of the wines on the menu or the Indian tea they serve. But at least she wasn't rude like this other waiter who mostly served us. He was so rude and impolite... I remembered they used to close 3:30 to 5pm for lunch and even if we came in at 2:45pm as long as we order before kitchen closed they let us stay even till 4. Apparently now they close at 3pm and kick you out by that time. I'm sorry but I'm a paying costumer and what I'm supposed to just rush while I'm eating so they can close. Either tell people when they come in that by 3pm they have to be out or don't let anyone in after 1:30... Then he argued with us about using the bathroom on the floor vs the one downstairs... I only know 1 thing, I will never come to this terrible place again. As sad as it is that it used to be such a nice place and now its so bad, but I have enough stress at work and I do not go out for lunch to have more stress. I'm going out to relax and enjoy not to get aggravated. There are so many other Indian places even in that area that if they keep acting like this they will run out of business. And since costumers technically pay their salary, those who come there a lot should be treated nicely rather than having to fight with some stupid waiter.
Not easy finding a good restaurant close to the World Trade Center Museum.  This restaurant is just a few blocks.  Small to medium restaurant.  Seating was comfortable.  Decore is very nice.  Waiters are courteous and helpful.  Food was excellent.  Harabhara salad with cucumbers, radish and gucamole had a unique flavor and was good for 2 people. Laal lamb was excellent. We shared dishes and the sea bass was fresh and not overpowered with seasoning.  Traditional Naan bread very good as was tandori chicken. Portions are generous.  Great place to dine and relax. Would go 4 1/2 stars if this existed.
I went to this place for lunch and got the chicken platter lunch special for $10. Ok it's lunch time in the FiDi area so yeah it's crowed ANY PLACE you go. I got my stuff to go so can't really tell you about the service, but the food is really good. The chicken masala was properly one of the best I have ever had. They give you a lot of food and it was extremely tasty.
I've done take out here and I have also eaten in...all during lunch. For the price on the prix fixe...this is probably the best deal around for the quality you receive.When I did my takeout order I ordered the vegetarian lunch. The portions were large enough that i ate it over two days. Note that with any of the takeout options, it's a little game of russian roulette - they pick the meat/vegetable of the day. I got some potato dish which I never would have ordered/picked myself, but it wasn't bad and mixed in with the rice and chutney it was good. The saag paneer was the other dish, and it was pretty hearty - which was what I wanted. Oh - besides 2 veggies choices, you get rice, dal (that had a nice simplicity to it that I enjoyed) , and a bunch of chutneys. Like I said - it took 2 days to finish.The dine-in experience - can't knock it. Nice decor. The first time I sat at the bar. Nice service. Food came out promptly. Excellent quality all around. Bartender kept offering more bread but I declined; it was just a lot of food to begin with. Think the same as the takeout except you get an appetizer. Well after I was done I hung out at the bar, reading, and no complaints. Oh - also got dessert, which is part of the prix fixe (on the eat-in).  Lot of food...think I went into a food coma when I went back to work.Second time - still excellent quality. Food was slow on coming out of the kitchen, but they seemed busy, so I'll give them a benefit of a doubt. I ordered some chicken dish which was nice, moist, and tasty. Lot of food.I've seen a bunch of complaints on yelp about poor delivery, the food being slow, etc...and I can see that. When I ordered takeout, I picked it up 20 min after I called, and it was still not done. On the second time I ate in, the food was slow.All I got to say is -- well, I never trust delivery. So I don't do it. As for the delays on the takeout and eat-in...it wasn't that bad after I called them out on it, and the quality of the food makes up for things.As long as I'm working downtown, this will be my go-2 spot for Indian food.
Great Indian food in a nice, stylish atmosphere and at a great price! No more having to walk all the way to Greenwich street to get good Indian food and service. Lamb Korma was flavorful and yummy. Saag Paneer was great! Excellent service when ordered on seamless too! Pretty much full on a Friday night even before 8 pm so hopefully they are doing well enough to last!
This reasonably priced Indian exceeds all other Indian food in the neighborhood (by any measure). I've ordered take out 4 times so far and its been consistent quality and great every time. Naan arrives hot and delicious in insulated bag (not just foil wrapped). Take out Prixe Fixe Special is a great deal and has all components of a full meal--includes appetizer, main entree, rice and naan. Extra sauces included on the side make the meal.
I ordered from here via grubhub and the food was great! I love indian food especially when it is done right!
The lamb in the lamb saag was very tender and the spiciness was perfect. The tandoori chicken was very juicy and well flavored, which was a great change from the really dry chicken that usually comes out.
I Loved this place. Everything was great. The server was knowledgable and made great recommendations. The food was the absolute best Indian food I've ever eaten. This is a must visit place try the chicken Raang.
Nice atmosphere - great naan and tandoori chicken.
I think that my wife and I have ordered Lamb Saag and Goan Shrimp Curry once a week for the past year from these guys. Never been to India, and no idea how authentic the taste, but the quality of the meat, flavor of the sauce, and timeliness of the delivery is always great.
Just had the lunch special. Must say it was deliciious and reasonably priced. Great variety of sauces to accompany the before lunch munchies which were a honeycomb cracker that absorbed the sauces. Extremely ample portions for a lunch. I will go back.
I took my mom and sister here. This was some of the best Indian food I've had. The Chili Chicken was especially delicious. I do not know if we were there at an awkward time for dinner, but the restaurant was not crowded at all. In fact, it was pretty empty. I would definitely come here again and would recommend it. Also, the price was very reasonable given the location.
I am an Indian living in US for 3 years now. Benares is definitely the best Indian restaurant I have been to in US !! The Banarsi kachori was great. We also had Baingan Mirch Ka Salan, Nawabi Subji, Paneer Bhurji and Soy Tikka Masala, which were all distinctive in flavor (unlike a lot of Indian restaurants where all the dishes with red gravies taste the same) and delicious. The ambience was great too ! The music was very good and different, unlike other Indian places which have the same 90's Hindi film music. The portion sizes were good and the service was attentive. I will definitely be going back here !!
Outstanding food and friendly and funny service staff.  Great lunch specials. The Vindaloo is REALLY spicy!
This place is AMAZING!!! I've only come for the lunch special, but its a great value for the quality of food and ambiance. Its pretty fancy and chic inside and you just can't believe you're eating such well-priced food in such a place and in the Financial District no less! From the decor to the china to the waiter uniform, everything screams upscale! The lunch special is $12.95 and includes generous portions of a starter, entree and dessert along with lentils, naan and rice. So much food - enough to pack and have for a snack or even dinner later! I'm Bangladeshi so I've eaten this food my whole life and they really hit the spot here. They have all the Indian staples - the lamb curry is amazing. An extensive bar too. Great service, have never had an issue. Am dying to bring my husband here!
I can't say enough good things. They take their food and their restaurant seriously and it shows!  Fresh vegetables, big portions, tasty chicken, fish and meat.  I've tried it all.  It's also very comfortable to sit here, and the place is spotless.  No flaws in their game, and you won't be disappointed here.
My wife and I have dinner here once a week. IT is never a disappointment. The experience gets better and better every time we go. The staff is wonderful and adheres to every need.
Very enjoyable dinner.  The lamb in my Rogan Josh was tender. The spice flavor was excellent.  Good service.  Garlic naan was only average.  I had the same dinner last week in Arlington, Va.  This was much better.
eh.  ambiance was strange-- high ceilings as expected in this neighborhood, but dark decor which seemed odd for a less-dressy indian restaurant.  food was average and too rich/oily/creamy in my opinion.
Delivered from this restaurant several times, food is always warm, very well flavored, fresh, and delicious.
3-3.5 stars. Pros: GREAT lunch specials ($16.95 prix fixe with an appetizer, main course AND naan). The portion is also HUGE: you can definitely feed two with one lunch special. Cons: There's just something off about the food. I tried the fish amritsari appetizer-essentially spiced with that is deep-fried with some batter covering the fish and it was way too sour/salty. The lamb vindaloo was very flavorful but extremely spicy in a way that was too dominating rather than savory. Finally, the naan was average-a little too chewy and lacked a bit of flavor. I'm a little disappointed given all of the positive reviews. Maybe I just didn't order the right things, but in general just felt that everything was either overdone or underdone in some way.
Good food (thali options are great) and very good ambience. Surprised that it had such less people for the amazing place with very decent prices. Coming back here if I visit Manhattan again.
Ate here last night. Went for the chicken Vindaloo which was plenty spicy and very tasty. Nice large portion as well.
Yes, this place is really great. I came here to dinner with my sister (intl food connoisseur) and we were both very pleased.Hostess:She was very odd and didn't talk much - seemed to just want to seat me as fast as she could and get back to her postFood:We got 3 appetizers and ended up going home with leftoversKakori Kebab - ground lamb kebab which was relatively spicy. it came with some sort of yogurt sauce which was ON POINT. Really tasty. there were 4 pieces about 4 inches in length eachPaneer Tikka - cheese and yogurt which melted in your mouth. Especially with some naan it was amazing. They were squares about 2inches x 2 inches. it came with 4 piecesKoli Erachi - pieces of chicken with delicious sauce on it and pieces of naan around it. My descriptions do not do it justice - the food was filled with flavor with just the right amount of spicy-ness. I have leftovers for lunch today which is taking a lot of energy to not break into now.Drinks:Happy hour on weekdays until 7pm (half off all drinks). I had the Mango Martini which was very good and my sister had the Kingfisher beer - which was also tastyService:The service was great! Our waiter always kept our water glasses filled and the food came out pretty quickly. It seemed like he had a lot of tables but never neglected any of them.There is a bar in the front which has no more than 8 chairs with a TV as well. The place is small so I suggest making a reservation or going in early. We went around 6 and the place was pretty open but most of the tables were reserved and filled up about 30 minutes later.
Came here for a quick lunch during work last week and was pleasantly impressed with their lunch specials. I ordered the Tikka Masala to go, and they gave me a giant platter of rice and chicken and veggies along with a whole extra box of rice and naan with dipping sauces, wow!! As a broke recent graduate, any restaurant that gives me huge portions for affordable prices ($12 for the whole meal) is a huge win in my book. Not only was the quantity amazing but also the quality of the food was great - the naan was really fresh and delicious and so was the Tikka Masala. I'll definitely be coming back soon for my Indian food fix.
Bad service and below average food. Tried paneer dish based on recommendation from the waiter but it was so bad. I would never come here again.
Omg this is the place to go in TriBeCa. We stumbled upon this hidden gem and keep going back. The onion and garlic naan is nice and fluffy. They offer many vegan options. I had the cauliflower potato and the curried veggies sooo amazing. The flavor is delicious and spicy. The atmosphere is perfect for a date and is very clean. The waiters are very attentive your needs. I was very impressed.
Benares is a good stand by- certainly isn't the very best gourmet top of the line Indian...but its a very good second to that.  A great lunch place and light dinner place.Pretty decor, clean, fast service and the prices are reasonable.
The lunch I had was absolutely delicious, plentiful, and flavorful. I am sitting after the lunch, holding my stomache because of how plentiful the food was. At $10.95 for a lunch special - to get a FOUR COURSE lunch - I mean wow wonderful deal. The service was great as well. I got saag paneer and samosa. Mmmm!!!No complaints from me here!
Very comprehensive vegetarian options, meat dishes are good too. There's no lunch buffet, but there is an excellent lunch special, and the wine list is pretty decent. The space is elegant and comfy,  though it has some Surrealist architectural flourishes (especially downstairs by the bathrooms) that belie an early 2000's vintage.
Super impressed with the delicious and inexpensive lunch special. Very tasty seekh kebab appetizer and chicken saag. Even the naan was warm and so fresh. Service was terrific and the space is upscale looking ... Nice modern vibe. I'm giving this five stars after considering the entire "package" ... Will definitely be back.
The food was overpriced and stale. We ordered the tandoori chicken and biryani, and the rice that came along with it tasted like it had been reheated a couple of times. I can't say how the biryani was, but the chicken was dry and clearly old. And for $18 (for 2 pieces!), I expect the food to be fresh at the very least. The naan was okay; didn't taste like they'd microwaved it. They charge $3 for one naan and that's a ripoff if I ever saw one. If you're in the mood to spend $40+ on food, go somewhere else and don't waste your time here. The street food we had while in the city was a million times better than this. If I wanted microwaved dinner, I would have stayed at home. Seriously, I don't understand how this place has 4 stars.
tl;dr: as an Indian person, this place has mediocre to average Indian food, with the exception of the baby eggplant curry (which was phenomenal). Wait was extremely long AFTER we were seated, but might have been just our experience. Prices are expensive!Husband and I came in after a day of shopping in Manhattan, and we were craving Indian food. There was no wait as the restaurant was empty on a Tuesday night. We quickly placed our order: lamb shish kabob appetizer, garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, and baby eggplant curry. The kabob appetizers arrived about 20 min after we ordered, which we didn't notice too much since we were deep in conversation. The kabobs were good, herby, and plentiful for the 2 of us. However, we ended up waiting yet another 30 minutes for our food to arrive (we arrived at 6:15pm and our main courses arrived at 7:15pm...). By this point, we were very hungry. The chicken tikka masala curry was good, rather standard, but the chicken was chewy and tasted like packaged and processed meat. The garlic naan was also thin and burnt. I will say that the baby eggplant curry was exceptional. The eggplant was juicy and meaty, and the curry was thick and flavorful with the right amount of spice. Although our food arrived a full hour after we entered, the table next to us received their food within 10 minutes of ordering, so perhaps they just forgot about our order (although there was no one else in the restaurant...?). Not sure. This review would have been a 2/5, but the eggplant curry bumped it up to a 3/5. I would check out some other Indian restaurants in the area before going back here.
My husband and Me went to this restaurant. The ambience was lovely. Ofcourse it was crowded but the hospitality of the staff was very good. At first we ordered kashmiri tikki and banarasi kachori in our starters. Banarasi kachori was delicious but I had a tough time finishing kashmiri tikki. According to me, it lacked salt in it. The main course consisted of nawabi sabji, peshawri naan, garlic naan, peas pulao. The food was awesome. V hd ordered a white wine and a beer. Overall it went really well. I would recommend this restaurant and would surely visit again..
Exceptional! I know Manhattan has a lot of delicious food, but you'll want to make time for this restaurant.The lunch special is a great deal.
Front of house staff are not at all accommodating or welcoming. I asked to sit at the bar whilst waiting for my wife, and the staff would not accommodate. I didn't want to sit at a table on my own so I chose to stand on the street. There were two seats available at the bar.We were led to a dirty table, and then waited for our table to be cleaned. Once seated we had to ask twice for water. The lamb starter was OK, but everything else you can tell was spiced from a packet. Presentation of food was also very bland, the Biryani looked like it was purchased from a street cart and dumped on a plate (it was $18).Overall this meal was $70 for one entree, two meat appetizers, one veg appetizer, and two six dollar beers. I left $0 tip, and still feel I over payed. This place is a wall street area tourist trap. Do yourself a favor and head to 26th and Lex, any of the restaurants there are superior.On leaving I told the front of house staff "this was very disappointing", they simply smiled and said thank you!
I was here for a business lunch with one of my client. We are walking round the block looking for a place to eat and we spotted and decided to go here. It was fully packed but we did get a table and seated right away. They did not have the regular buffet that most of Indian restaurants have and this was a refresher. Their Prix fix lunch menu was intriguing and we decided to Seafood special...I got the Salmon Tikka and Salmon curry which was served with bread, rice and Dal. The restaurant serves the Indian crackers with 3 different chutneys - very good. My Salmon Tikka was bit oily than I expected it...but the fish was cooked to perfection...The Salmon curry was fresh and neat too. My client had her order of Cat Fish and Goan Shrimp Curry...I tried the Shrimp curry and by the looks of it thought it was going to taste similar to my Salmon Curry and it wasn't...so the sauces are different - very good..the Shrimp was bit hard to bite it may be it was not thawed for a longer time before it went into the curry. However, the end note with the food was great and we were served Dessert which was their pick of the day...which is the Shirkhand I believe and it was very good too. Good meal and will be on my list to go if I am in Tribeca area again.
Food was alright. I don't think that their dishes are seasoned enough. The paneer saag didn't hit the euphoria spot when I first took a bite.What really made me laugh and think twice about this restaurant was that they had a full lunch takeout menu but they didn't have any to-go cups for my chai tea. They asked if I wanted to drink it at the restaurant. Well sir, there's a reason why I am getting my lunch to go. Why doesn't a big restaurant like that have to go cups??? Luckily, I had my tumbler with me so I asked if they can put it in there. The guy there told me no, he can't do that. WHAT'S THE PROBLEM NOW? I JUST WANT MY CHAI TEA PLEASE!! Then the girl next to him was like, "yeah, we can do that" and now they are 'quietly' arguing about it in front of my face. She just allowed me to have my to-go tea while her coworker just rolled his eyes at us. So awkward. Oh, btw, that tea wasn't even that good. Didn't have that full chai tea flavor. Thanks but no thanks. Won't be back.
I would give no stars if it was possible. The food is over rated and not at all worth the money. Ordered Paneer tikka and Nawabi sabzi n it was awful.Paneer was not grilled at all n the spices on it had no flavor. They had mentioned pomegranate sauce which  tasted like artificial mango sauce. The Veges in Nawabi sabzi were out of a frozen bag and again with no flavor.When we mentioned that we didn't enjoy the dishes the servers were not even bothered.On the whole never ever going back to this place.
I met up with my friends after work for dinner last Friday. We were there a little after 6 pm and we did make reservations, just in case for a Friday night. It wasn't crowded but the place did get full later in the evening.Karwani Jhinga was interesting, Andhra Chicken Curry didn't have a strong coconut flavor, Achari Bhindi didn't taste that 'Achari' but the Salmon Curry was very delicious.The non-vegetarian appetizers prices were only a few dollars less than the entrees. Recommendation: Salmon Curry
This was one of our favorite restaurants. We ordered delivery at least once a week. We took a break for about a month and ordered again tonight. I have a feeling they now have new owners. It took 90 minutes to get our order, normally 30, and our favorite dishes were different. Chicken Shahi Korma was their best dish and tonight, it tasted like someone dropped a cup of black pepper while cooking it and didn't bother to remedy the mistake. The chicken tikka masala is my husbands goto dish and he said it didn't taste as good as it normally does. Oh well, gotta find a new Indian restaurant to order from.
Yelpers, you didn't lead us astray!  I found this place in a pinch for a quick meal before we had to dash to a friend's place, and this place truly wowed.  If only this place was around the corner from my home, I'd be here every week.  And it's quite affordable with very generous portions, friendly and attentive service, in a nicely decorated space.  For around $25 before tax and tip, my husband I shared the saag paneer lunch special with palak chaat, and a peshwari chickpea dish, with garlic naan and rice.  The palak chaat was light, yet perfectly balanced between tamarind and mint, with chickpeas and crispy crackers.  Then, we received a bowl of brightly colored orange, green, and yellow almost shrimp cracker-like fritters to dip with the mint and tamarind sauces.  The saag paneer was flavorful without being oily -- the paneer, among the best I've had in North America.  The peshwari chickpeas were the rockstar of lunch -- just incredibly deep flavors, a perfect blend of spices, clearly simmered for a long period of time and cooked with such love and care, even a different texture, more luscious than a typical chana masala.  The rice was perfectly cooked -- not too dry, not overly cooked.  The naan was a tad cold when it came out, but really crispy and not at all oily.  This was such a treat!  We'll definitely be back.
Went to this restaurant with a pretty decent ( about 9 people ) group. The food was pretty good, some of the best Indian food my friends and I had from a restaurant (we had a somewhat bad experience at a different Indian restaurant). I had the chili chicken with the pea pulao rice. It was really good, and spicier than I expected (I couldn't finish it and I LOVE spicy food) My friends had the chicken tikka mussalla. The food was pricy a bit and it was a bit of a bummer that none of the food came with rice and we had to order separate, but it was pretty well worth it. Definitely recommend if you want to have a fancy night out!
Ordered paneer makhani- it came in a blood red colored gravy with coloring agents in it. When asked what was added to the gravy, the first waiter lied and said it was saffron. Then he sniggered as he found out we had caught him lying. The kitchen manager then came and said that is the color of tomatoes and they would never add artificial color. If it is legally permitted food coloring, why lie and if not legally permitted, a whole different story. Btw - it is not a cheap place, with bread the mains end up costing 20$. For that price, you can get some wonderful Indian food in manhattan. Avoid benaras.
I've been here 5 times, and I think it's the best Indian food I've tried. It's definitely a hidden gem on one of the streets of TriBeCa (or at least I think it's hidden). Plus I got 1000 points on OpenTable which is great! I always get the Aloo Papri Chaat for appetizer and I get the Paneer Tikki Masala. OMG I'm so hungry writing this review.. NEED TO GO BACK!
I'm one followup visit from naming benares my favorite indian in all of nyc. Bengal is meh for me. Pippali is delicious but the complex,  dynamic, delicate, transcendental flavors of benares take the damn cake.I'm still sitting at the table just soaking it in. Bhindi masala lunch special made vegan was just dancing from my tongue to my stomach.And don't be fooled by "lunch special" this is a REAL PORTION. Wear your stretchy pants. - but the fancy kind because this place is nice!
4 Star rating will be based on the Food, ambiance, and service.Service: Upon arrival you are immediately greeted warmly and assisted to a seat. During lunch it is busy therefore you may want to plan ahead, but usually you will be quickly seated. The restaurant service is quick and on point. They will check in with you ever so often, but not to the point where it is annoying, like SOME restaurants.Ambiance: This is definitely a great restaurant to go to for a date, or a quick lunch with friends. Some Indian restaurants leave a strong spice odor on your clothing, but this restaurant seems to be well ventilated therefore, you will not get that regretful feeling like you do when you leave Subway. The lighting is rather dim, therefore it is quite romantic and the setup of the seats are great. I love that its rather spacious and it has several booths and comfortable seating. You tend to feel like you are in your own space, rather than feeling awkward next to someone else.Food: The food here is excellent, I do not feel oily or overly sick after eating here. But, keep in mind that they make the food the way they want and not exactly trying to accommodate to taste buds of the local. Therefore, whatever that is suppose to be really spicy, will be, and whatever that is suppose to be less spicy, WILL BE!  therefore, you may want to consult with your waiter about the spice level of the dishes. But, trust me, everything is delicious and well flavored. I cannot handle spicy food well, but I ordered the vindaloo anyways, as I was crying due to the spice my stomache was so happy and my taste buds were in heaven. It was worth it!!! my friend and I loved their food, not only is the portion satisfying, the price is reasonable too.
Nothing to rave about. I won't come back, the prices are steep and the food is bland of real Indian spices. I had the lunch special which lamb curry and nan. It came with appetizer so I chose lamb kebab and the dessert was kheer. It was a lot of money but I didn't feel it was good to be this overpriced. The lamb kebab was dry and the kheer was ok . Nothing that I will remember. I also tried rose lassi it was not having much rose taste. it was more thick yogurt. I didn't like it.
We walked in because they advertised lunch specials that looked tasty.  We walked out because we were told we couldn't share food?!?  We wanted two entrées for three people to share because they were pretty big and we weren't that hungry.  Told no we couldn't do that so we walked out.  Stupid policy lost them at least two entrée customers.  Maybe that's why this place was absolutely dead!  Never will try again.
We come all the way from the upper west side for their fantastic lunch special which they serve 7 days per week.I love that they are open weekends to serve everyone instead of only weekday office workers.
Great food. Love the curries they churn out.Food is pretty pricey but worth every penny.Its not very spicy too
I don't understand the reviews and the price. I checked this place out for restaurant week and felt that for $40+ tax and tip, I did not a] leave feeling full b] that I had an enjoyable food experience c] I was probably better off just ordering from their normal menu. I had the chicken appetizer with the tandoori chicken and the ami something mango dessert. The chicken appetizer was great, the tandoori chicken wasn't legit enough for me/ there was not much meat and the course itself was quite dry. The rice didn't taste right but the naan was great. The dessert tastes like mango flavored grainy pumpkin with a strange disk of fried something on the bottom. The dessert.. was terrible. A disaster.  For $40, I rather go to New Jersey for some hangout and legit Indian food. Or even to just order from their real menu at Benares and not have to eat what they served as a "sample" of their food. tldr: not impressed, restaurant week skip, not worth $40+tax and tip. should have known better when we walked in and the place was completely empty.
MY FAVORITE Indian food in the city! I usually get the food delivered and Benares has NOT disappointed. I love the tikka masala gravy, the cauliflower Manchurian, and you can't go wrong with a little bit of garlic nan. Honestly, everything I have tried here is SO flavorful.
I'm not an expert in Indian food, but my Indian coworkers tells me Benares is one of the better more authentic places around the area for Indian food. I've always ordered the lunch prie fixe menu which comes with your choice of an appetizer and an entree from a list. The seafood and meat entrees cost about $1-2 extra. The prie fixe also comes with a basket of naan, a bowl of rice, and a bowl of Banarsi Dal, and a dessert. So much food at a decent price.Things I've ordered that I thought were delicious:Andraki Samosa - crispy and potato-filled, try it with the chutneySalmon Curry - strangely really really good, better than the chicken masala and curries in my opinionSaag Paneer - favorite dish they serve, lots of chunks of paneer and tastes great with naanJaipuri Ghobji - this dish is a little oilyLamb Biryani - very flavorful with the saffron and rose water. could use a bit more moisture and yogurt though.Before the meal, they also give you these fried snacks and three different kind of chutneys to dip them in. My favorite is the mint chutney and the tamarind chutney. Tastes great on the samosas too.
Benares is easily one of few good places to have Indian Vegetarian lunch in downtown area.The Ambience is very good. It is always crowded on any Friday. There are no reservations on Friday. We usually go with Lunch Prix Fix Menu. The Menu did'nt change from almost an year since we have been going to this place.The taste is good for most of the items on Menu. We tried Adraki Samosa,Mix Pakora, Papri Chaat , Malai Kofta/Paneer Bhurji  and can easily rate 4.75/5. Desert was great.
I am not into writing reviews generally and definitely not negative reviews, because i know how much of blood and sweat goes behind running a business. But in this particular case i felt it is important that i give a very blunt feedback about this place.This has been the worst restaurant i have been to in NYC and maybe one of the worst in my lifetime when it comes to customer service. My wife and i went for dinner at this place and finally just walked out without even ordering as we felt very insulted. The kitchen was supposed to close at 1015 and even at 950 they were creating so much of a ruckus to take orders and were not even allowing us to peacefully read thru the menu. We hardly got 2 mins to see thru the menu and by then atleast 3 of them were at our table asking us to hurry up. We could understand if we were the last to order or if the kitchen was supposed to close in 5 mins. But when u have more than 15 mins left for kitchen to close i think its highly unfair to treat your customers like this. All the staff were too keen to close the restaurant. Either you shouldnt take reservations for slots which u think you dont want to serve customers or if you let them in then treat cordially.We ourselves belong to the service industry and know how important treating your customers is. We got a similar feedback from couple of our friends too about this place and they also added that the food is highly overrated and overpriced for the service they offer.If the management of this restaurant is serious about being in business then they need to invest in staff who will really bring them business and not expedite closing down of their business. We get better service on roadside stalls who are much more crowded than this place.Given a chance i wouldnt even the restaurant a single star because i wouldnt want patrons to feel offended when they spend money and then walk out feeling insulted.
Went in today for lunch with a colleague. Ordered the vegetarian prefixe lunch. The appetizer was ok, the main course was real bad. The shahi paneer gravy was watery with no flavor. Got 4 small pieces of bread for two people on the table, when asked for extra bread the waiter was not pleased. Came back with the basket and dumped it on the table. The desert was mango moose and was extremely sugary.Don't think I'm coming back here again.
Delayed service with not so good food. The staff was so busy in talking amongst themselves, that they forgot there are people in the restaurant waiting for their food. Too pricey restaurant as compared to the quantity of food. Naans were hard to eat. We told them to make Andhra Chicken little spicy, they added a way too much grinded red chillies on top it and forgot to add salt. Crab casserole was a tiny thing in a big plate with no great taste.
Very clean place, nice wait staff.  Food came out hot and fast.  One of the best or better Indian restaurants I've tried downtown NYC!
The best. Service was great. Food was delicious. We are so glad we stopped here. They even made us an off-menu butter chicken. Best naan I've ever had!
Once again, I've found another solid food spot in FiDi.  This is my friend's go to Indian spot in the neighborhood. I was starving and when he asked if I wanted Indian food, he spoke directly to my soul.I recently became in love with Indian food. I love it so much, that I've been throwing Indian spices into everything that I cook. Lasagna? Garam Masala? DUMP. Chicken soup? Curry? DUMP. Its getting pretty bad. Because I'm still in the honey moon phase, I will say that I still have yet to decipher what is decent Indian food because I find it all amazing but here's what I liked about this place:1. Waiters are super attentive. Three different people came by several times to refill our glasses. I was never down to the last sip. Hydration, check!2. Portion and price. Lunch Prefix is 10.95. My friend and I shared Paneer Tikka, Malai Kofta Adraki Samosa, Baingan Bharhta, rice and a butt load of naan. For once, I begged someone to take food away from me.3. When I pronounced the food items terribly, no one made me feel stupid. I really tried but I knew I was so off. The gentleman (who I think was the owner/manager) was extremely nice.4. Free after-lunch treat. Tasted like rice pudding. FREEEE.5. Once I wobbled out of the restaurant, I was in a good ass mood. Went back to work and finished the day like a CHAMP.
Run here for an amazing Indian dinner. I had the malai kofta. This dish can EASILY go wrong (too creamy, etc.), but they knew what they were doing. It was spiced and yummy. Great portions. Cheap prices. Great ambiance.
Loves the food. Very tasty with Great service. Have been here multiple times. Close to downtown and easy access. Lots of typical north Indian food choices!
Lunch specials are great ... we ordered the andhra chicken, goat curry, paneer makhani and they all were fantastic. Will definitely go ahead and recommend to colleagues. Also at a decent price range - not quite cheap but 13$ for lunch...
Beautiful restaurant, blocks away from City Hall. Too bad I was on the go, otherwise I would have dined in. Loved their lunch specials. I ordered the chicken platter (chicken tikka masala, veg of the day, dal, rice, nan and salad) for $10.95.  They were very generous with the sauces, although I did not know what they were and opted not to use them. Within 10 minutes, my order was brought to me at the bar. Talk about service or maybe it had a lot to do with the customers just walking in for lunch. Unfortunately, I did not check my order as I later discovered that they forgot to include my salad. Overall, my meal was delicious. My craving for Indian food was thoroughly satisfied and most importantly - so were my taste buds and stomach. I think I feel the "itis" settling in, talk about bad timing when I still have another four hours in my workday. Wish me luck!
Giving it an extra star for atmosphere and service. Very nice place with decent but skimpy (portions) food. It was a very nice place to eat lunch at a reasonable price though. Felt like an upscale restaurant. I would go again.
Came here for lunch for two on a Tuesday. The interior looks pretty nice and modern. Customer service was fast and efficient. Their lunch special is a great deal. For $10-$18, depending on your choice of protein, you get a satisfying three-course meal. For the appetizers, I got the chicken tikka. It had a nice lemony taste to top it off. It tasted delicious but could be less dry. I also tried the samosa. The filling inside was good but I thought the outside flour was too thick. It was still good though. For the main course I had the Andhra curry chicken. My bf had the curry lamb. The main entree comes with rice, some dipping sauce (made with chick peas, maybe?) and a basket full of naan. I think the naan was too thick. I've had better naan before. The curry sauce they made my curry chicken in was the BEST sauce ever. It was spicy but also had a hint of sour in it. It, hands down, made it one of the best Indian dishes I've ever had and this place my new favorite Indian restaurant. I've been to buffet-styled Indian restaurants before but this is by far, my new favorite. Prices are about the same and this is just as filling as the Indian buffet I've been to. For lunch specials, they usually slim down on the portions they give you but this fills you up! It's a lot of food; you won't be able to finish all that naan and rice if you go alone! After all that food, they give you dessert which varies daily. I had some sort of mango pudding, I believe. It was good but too sweet for my taste. Bill came out to be $28 for two people before tips. Indian food, why you so good, filling and cheap?!
Very good indian food. Chicken korma was very good and the kekda kari was excellent.Delivery so no comment on service or decor
Best Indian food in TriBeCa, but also not that clean. Gum on the bottom of our appetizer from their previous guest and it kind of smelt like inner wall water damage.
We had the murg seyal and it was great. We also had a mixed vegetable dish, which was also quite good. Each was a sizable portion. Nice service too, along with affordable prices
Price: Around $40 each personThe food was a little pricey but their food and service was really good. I would definitely recommend this to others. If you are a vegetarian, try out their Paneer Bhurji.Note to Indians: The food is flavorful but not spicy.
This is my new go to Indian place in Tribeca, definitely a better choice than  Baluchi's. The samosas are $8, but you do get three. Their delicious but the dough on the outside is too hard. I'd order them again, I'd just push aside some of that unnecessary dough. Their chicken vindaloo is tasty but could use more heat, especially considering it's supposed to be a spicier curry. The cheema thenga is actually reeeeally good, it's shrimp in a coconut curry. It's not too sweet and the shrimp are jumbo and tender. The garlic naan is delicious.
Dropped by at 1pm on a weekday without a reservation. The two of us were seated immediately and menus + water appeared quickly too. This place clearly understands the meaning of efficiency when catering to a mostly office-worker crowd at lunchtime. +1 for that alone.I ordered the non-vegetarian lunch prix fixe menu. The soup of the day (lentil soup) was pretty insipid and watered-down. The main course was better - some chicken dish with a hearty serving of rice. My friend ordered a shrimp curry and samosa, both of which looked decent. Portions were generous considering the inexpensive price. A fine place for a quick meal but nothing too special.
Yummmmmmm... This is one of the best restaurants .. I have been to in US.. The food was amazing.. The desert made with mango and sabudana was divine... Great service.. Perfect Ambience.. Perfect restaurant for a great date.. I will suggest this to all my friends..
I had the chicken marinated in coconut milk, ginger, and garlic sauce. It was delicious! We found this place on yelp and I'm happy my boyfriend and I gave it a try. My partner's dish was chicken marinated in a almond/ cashew cream. He really liked it too!
Excellent eatery and service. It's a good one for those new to Indian as is upscale and slightly more western, but food was very good, lunch menu was great price for portion and quality.
Flavor was good. Portions SMALL. 3 malai kofta balls for $14? The rice cream came as a TINY, PURE ice chunk surrounded by more ice. Was absolutely horrible. Once I waited for it to thawed I learned it was barely edible. Also said it came with berries. Nope. Fact that it was $6 was mind blowing. I probably wouldn't not order from here again.
One of the better places to enjoy nice indian food in TriBeCa. The food came fairly quickly for indian place and it was quite delicious as well. The Benarasi Dum Aloo and Gobi manchurian were their best dishes.Definitely will go back there.
Loved it here! Food is not so spicy but feels like a real home made food, reminds of what my mom would make. From the taste I would say all non south asians will love it too because less greasy, less spices and less hot! Will visit again, although the price is little on higher end.
you make great food but why do you send me boiling hot soup such that it melts the container it is in and leaks everywhere in the delivery bag? this is after i have called to tell you this before...
This last weekend we celebrated my husband's 40 th birthday at Benaras. The manager Dipen made things super easy for me. He was very informative,  friendly, helpful and spoke very highly of the Restaurant and the food. Once we arrived to the place with a group of 30 people including children. We were greeted right away. The place was trendy, modern decor and was very cozy. One of the best item on the menu was lamb seek kabobs. The paneer tikka was soft, juicy, and well marinated. For vegetarian we enjoyed samosa chaat as well. The best part was the service because we got everything we had asked for. Service was  fast with a smile. All of our guest felt special and they enjoyed dinner. They accommodated food for my daughter who had severe allergies to nuts.
My girl friend suggested this restaurant as a good place to grab dinner and catch up, and it was perfect! We made reservations for a Wednesday night and they actually let us sit at one of their HUGE, comfy booths. We lingered for a couple hours over our food. The place is quiet and cozy. I had read about a dinner prix fixe and was disappointed when they informed me they no longer had one.We shared an order of chicken biryani rice, one of the paneer curries, and garlic naan. I'd recommend you DON'T order a biryani rice, since you can instead order one of the heartier curries, which come with a large bowl of rice, anyways. I particularly enjoyed the complimentary snack/chip things they served to start off your meal, with an assortment of 3 sauces. The food was 3 stars good, but the service and set up inside knocks the review up to a 4 star.
One of the best Indian restaurants in TriBeCa! There are so many hole-in-the-wall Indian joints in the area, and sometimes I'm a bit reluctant to walk-in because they look dirty and the food is usually sitting out the whole afternoon.Benares, on the other hand, has a nice ambiance when you walk in, and they offer generous portion sizes. The prices are a bit high, but I usually get the pre-fixe dinner special that includes rice, naan, an appetizer, and an entree for about $17 that makes it quite reasonable. Because the portion sizes are large, I can easily split this meal with another friend or make 2 meals out of it. Just beware that "medium" spiciness is really spicy. I will definitely order from here again!
Benares is an Indian restaurant in Tribeca. I came here for a work dinner with 20 people. You should definitely call in advance for large groups. They were nice and had a space for our group with one week's notice. Someone called me a day before to confirm and was very nice when I said we might be late for our reservation. The space is nice and has high ceilings. Enough elbow room and separation from other groups of diners. The noise level is pretty quiet - I could hear everyone near me talk. There was confusion on how we would order food. Appetizers started coming out all over the table, and the servers said that they would serve it family-style and just choose entrees for the table (instead of each person ordering an entree). I was fine with that, but they did not tell us which entrees they would choose. However, the ones they chose were great. They asked if anyone was vegetarian and made sure there were enough vegetarian options. The food was delicious and present quite nicely. The bill came out to be around $50 per person. The average price per person is definitely less expensive if you come with smaller groups. It was a great choice for my work dinner and I'm glad I chose Benares!
Amazing thali option. I would rate it among the best I have had in Bay Area and New York. I took vegetable thali and I really liked the paneer bhuji... I would love to come here again.
This is an upscale India restaurant with a lovely high ceiling decor and and extensive menu. Delish.
Love the food here! When I use to work around here I would order a lunch platter takeout. I have also taken my wife here for the all you can eat lunch buffet. My wife usually cannot take a lot of spice and she found the place to be quite good. So I would probably say that the food here is not spicy but has sufficient spice for you to sense the quality of the food dishes. They are definitely not watered down.
I order Benares take out pretty much every week I'm in NYC for work. The food is delicious and the delivery people actually call you when they're in the lobby and not blocks down the street so you don't have to sit around waiting for them. Highly recommend!
I recently had lunch with a friend here. The food is awesome and the prices are very reasonable. The restaurant is clean with a great atmosphere. I will definitely be visiting again.
Pros:They deliver to my workCons:Super oily paneer bhurjee (minced cottage cheese with peppers - a true Indian classic)Bland yellow dal
One of my favorites at Banares is the garlic naan . Also the garlic naan is very crisp and very mouth watering . I like the gulab jamen. If you don't know what that is it is a delicious fried balls of dough and dipped in this divine sweet syrup . The thing that I like most about Banares is the chips that you get for a starter .
A rating of 5 stars is almost insulting to Benares. The food here is, consistently, nothing short of greatness. The drinks are potent and so reasonably priced that you'd think that upon walking through the door you somehow left Manhattan and found your own little slice of Heaven. The service is impeccable; the managers and the staff make a legitimate effort to get to know you and are extremely accommodating.Not once have I been disappointed with anything I've ordered here. Some of my favorites include the Lamb Saag, the Chicken Korma, and the Baingan Bharta (I don't normally like eggplant, and I'm not a vegetarian, but this curry is awesome).Beware, if you have a poor spice tolerance, stick with the mild curries...this place doesn't hold back. Oh, and don't go to the Midtown location. It pales in comparison to its younger, hipper, Tribeca sibling.
Really fabulous indian food.  We went for dinner.  Had the kashmiri tikki, khasta gobi, achari bhindi and dal makhani.  They were all extraordinarily well prepared and each dish tasted different.  The spices were just right and were not overpowered by the spiciness of the chilis.
Got the lunch special on a Sunday afternoon. They offer a veg, chicken or seafood lunch special. It comes w one appetizer, main dish, daal, rice and naan. The salad wasn't anything special. The papri chaat was awesome. Chicken korma and daal's amazing. Would definitely come back.
The lunch was fine but I have not encountered such unfriendly and unwelcoming service.  The food is certainly not so significant to overlook the attitude of the servers and managers.
Best Indian in the area (unless you're feeling like shelling out for Tamarind).  The crab chettinadu appetizer is amazing, and the rogan josh, jalfrezi, and vindaloo entrees are excellent.  Moreover, the dinner prix fixe is a bargain. The soups and naans are uniformly good, and there's an array of the more basic entrees and apps to select from. The Punjabi goat curry has amazingly rich flavor, but I wouldn't order it unless you're prepared to pick the meat off the bones, it can get messy. I wouldn't necessarily recommend the samosas, either. Delivery is fast and friendly, and the restaurant itself is quite nicely decorated, and the staff is pleasant. I haven't ordered a drink yet, but there's a happy hour during the early evening. One of my go-tos in the area.
Very good.We had the aloo papkia chaat appetizer which we liked.  We had the vegetarian dal makhani, which was good. Chicken vindaloo was great--pretty hot in a good way :)
FOOD POISONING!!!Ordered the goat, it was delicious. Next morning woke up with severe stomach cramps and all the wonderful things that come with food poisoning. Great tasting food...for a price.
I had the pleasure to have a business lunch here yesterday - and it was perfection!The service was impeccable and friendly, the table was spacious and most importantly - the food was fresh and delicious.  We ordered a plethora of dishes from the regular menu (they have a lunch special menu) and not one of them was disappointing.  All ingredients are super fresh and everything is very nicely spiced - not too spicy hot and not at all bland.  Since I was with co-workers, I did not make my usual request for super spicy hot food and even though I missed the burn, I did not feel I lost out on any flavor.  I shall return for many more lunches to come.
Went here for my birthday. food is decent but not the best i've had. service is excellent.
This place is delicious! After a mini concert at the church where George Washington was inaugurated; we were craving Indian and spicy food like crazy. We looked this place up and it was a random choice to go to out of the other ones In the area. We didn't put much thought to it and went right over. This place was very inviting since the get-go. It has nice interior decor and a bar which was perfect for their selection of wines. I was craving something super spicy. I usually order the chicken tikka masala extra spicy. The waiter was awesome because he knew exactly what I wanted so he suggested another spicy dish that they can make extra spicy. When they brought it over, omg it was delicious! They also brought these colorful crunchy round chips that were really good with three different sauces. For dessert they have a delicious rosewater ice cream. Great meal, great night, great ambiance. Highly recommend it!
Do NOT get a delivery from this place. It took 2 hours and five phone calls to get it. Cold of course. What an utter disaster.
This place serves real Indian food and not the Westernized tamed spices version you are going to find at a lot of places.  Like I can handle spicy being Asian, but the Lamb Vindaloo from here near killed me.  I mean it was so spicy, my throat burned, my nose ran, and my ears stung.  I confess I was a bit of a wimp and was dipping the lamb chunks in the yogurt chutney to help temper the fiery spiciness until I had to give up and immediately had to down the rice pudding dessert in order to counteract everything.  Dairy works better than water in situations like this which is something the Indians have figured out unlike East Asians (where dairy doesn't figure at all in dishes).In any case, I have had Lamb Vindaloo at other places and they've usually been about half this level.  The one here was literally the spiciest dish I have ever consumed in my life.  I also had their Chicken Tikka which was good, but also a bit spicy (also was dipped in the yogurt toward the end).  I've never had an issue with spiciness at Asian or other Indian restaurants so I am assuming the Indian food here is a tad bit more authentic given my inability to tolerate it.  Really, if you have doubts about your ability to handle spiciness, order a creamy spicy dish instead of the fiery enough to make all your senses shut down Lamb Vindaloo.
They were quick & the food was good but, needed flavor. The naan were huge & tasted good. Didn't like how we had to get the waiters attention.
I really enjoy Indian food, but this one was just ok.   Needless to say, I definitely have had better.  I haven't had my favorite dish chicken tikka masala in a couple of years now since I switched to being vegan (most of the time).  So when I saw the soy tikka masala on the menu, I was super excited and had to have it.  It was one of the main reasons I made my friend go there, as well as the large vegetarian selection and mostly good reviews here.  But as soon as the dish came out, I knew something was off. The sauce just looked like a tomato sauce and it tasted more tomatoy than like tikka masala... Not bad, just it was not tikka masala.  I usually get the Khasta Gobhi appetizer, the cauliflower, which was very tasty.  Not as spicy as I'm use to having it at other restaurants.  We wanted another recommendation for an app and the waiter highly recommended the Mature Se, potato patties. They were whatevzz & I would never get them again or even recommend them. My friend got the Lamb dish, Rogan Josh, she said the sauce was tasty, but the meat tasted weird like it wasn't fresh. That's all for food.Place looks much cuter in picture and they love seating people next to each other while there are plenty of tables open to have some privacy.Also, I went to wash my hands before dinner to the bathroom and it smelled so disgusting in there. It was a combo of old piss and sewer, not sure if being that it was in the basement had anything to do with it, but at least light a candle or WASH IT!... That already turned me off before even getting any food. And I believe their food storage was down there as well... But I didn't want that to affect my opinion of the food.  I know that I will never go back there, but food wasn't disgusting. So... Enjoy?
We had a good experience at this Indian joint. We made reservations but the restaurant wasn't that busy so we were seated right away. Nice decor. I got the chicken Beryani and I thought it was really good. Portions are generous.  We didn't order drinks but noticed they have a full bar. Wait staff was courteous. If I'm in the neighborhood and crave for Indian, I'll definitely go back to this place.
Best indian chicken tikka masala in the area re: price, taste, presentation, dining atmosphere, service and value. Go to indian place for lunch. Reasonable lunch prefix menu. Dining seems like a place you don't wanna go for lunch cause it's gonna cost you $$$, but their lunch prefix was 12.95 which was less than my breakfast at local cafe.
Ambience was excellent and food was good too.Great place to chill out after a long walk on the Brooklyn Bridge
I went with my friends from college. Very disappointed with the service especially with a waiter whose name is pallavi. She lacked courteous behaviours and was to talk aloof. Coming to the food, only chicken tikka masala and andhra chicken curry tasted good. Disappointed with the service and the pricing too.
Ordered for delivery: Paneer BajureeChicken Tikka Masala RaitaGarlic Naan               I have tried a lot of indian food in NYC, Brooklyn and Long Island. I always look for Paneer Bajuree on menu because this is one of my favorite dishes but sometimes hard to find. Shredded paneer cheese sautéed with peppers and onions in a curry sauce... Umm. It is pretty delicious here. BOTTOM LINE: This is a great option for cheep delivery of delicious Indian food.
We came here for lunch special on the weekend. It's not crowded and pretty quite. My friend got the goat masala and I got the chicken korma. Both dishes were very good!
After hearing my coworkers and friends brag about this place for a month, I finally made time to go here today for lunch. When we arrived, the line was out the restaurant door. I was a little reluctant at first since I never have enough time on hand for lunch. However, my friend worked her charm and got us a table in less than 5 minutes. "The less people you go with, the less the wait time." Why did I not think about this ;)For lunch, you have an option to either order from the regular menu or from the lunch special. As per the Manager's reccomendation (who also happened to be our server), I decided to go with the lunch special and ordered Chicken Tikka for appetizer and Andhra Chicken for Entree. My friend ordered Koli Erachi from the appetizer section of the regular menu. I liked the presentation of my chicken tikkas, they were served with a side of salad. The chicken were very juicy and tender and marinated and spiced to perfection. When my friend's Koli Erachi arrived, the entire table next to us stared at us and were very keen to know what that was. That dish was as delicious as it looks in my picture. The gravy had delicious taste of ginger, garlic and black peppers and the malaysian paratha they served the dish with was a good combination. I was in shock when my entree from the lunch special "Andhra Chicken" arrived. I expected a small bowl of Chicken with a side of rice or naan. To my surprise, this is what all i got. Bowl of Andhra Chicken Bowl of Yellow Lentil Bowl of Basmati rice with peasBasket of NaanThat was quite a lot of food for my petite self after already finishing that chicken tikka. But, everything was so delicious and I so wished I had a bigger appetite. When I could barely finish more than half of the food they had served me, my friend didn't forget to remind me that my dessert was still arriving as part of the lunch special. Phewww!!! This place is no doubt the most generous in the neighborhood. How can I say no to sugar! When the Gulab Jamun arrived, both of us so wished it was served warm. That thing was cold and hard. If you guys had Gulab Jamun before, you'll know what i am talking about. It just taste way much better warm and soft.Well, no matter how stuffed I was, I loved it and I am definitely coming back again next week for lunch. If you are reading this, please serve us warm gulab jamun next time :)
I ordered (delivery) the Chicken Tikka Masala. The pieces were huge and not soft at all. Also, the gravy was watery and not thick like its supposed to be.I expected better food with all the great reviews it had.
Simply the best in the area with a lunch special that's greatly priced.Dine with an appetite & leave with satisfaction.... You will not be disappointed !
I ordered delivery to my office for lunch. Delivery was fast (20 min) and the lamb vindaloo, garlic naan, rice, and assorted chutneys were all delicious. The vindaloo had incredible depth of flavor and was spicy enough for what you expect from a vindaloo. I've had it hotter elsewhere, but it was excellent here. Definitely enough food for 2 meals.
I've been eating here for years and my only complaint is that once they forgot my dessert during a delivery. Aside from that, their food and service have always been on point.I always get their non-vegetarian lunch special which has a ton of options and is such a great value! For $13, you can have chicken tikka, soup, or salad appetizer with a variety of chicken curry dishes. It also includes rice, naan, daal, and dessert!!! In fact, I think it's way too much food.I've taken many friends here, and it's their favorite Indian restaurant in all of Manhattan. Their dishes are perfectly spicy (not that level of spicy that many restaurants claim but fail to meet), and they've even prepared me dishes not found on their menu per my request! How sweet is that.
horrible service. waiters need to learn customer service. extremely disappointed. food isn't great and it pricey. this place seriously doesn't deserve any star. congested and uncomfortable seating .worst indian restaurant in nyc.save your money and try other place. never coming back to this restaurant.
Good place. Waiter was friendly and funny. Malai kofta wasn't that great. But the service made up for it. Tarka Dal was awesome!
This place has the BEST Indian food! It was INCREDIBLE!  my husband and I moved from the west, where good food is generally abundant. This restaurant served the best food we've had since moving to the east coast!! It was just SO good! The chicken was moist and spiced perfectly. And the rice pudding dessert was exceptional! 5 out of 5 stars! If you're in New York City and you like trying ethnic foods - this restaurant did NOT disappoint! :)
Very poor service! They had plenty of people working but it took them forever to even come serve us, no one came over to see if we needed anything during the whole dinner. Food wasn't that great either!!!
Best Indian I've had in New York.  I don't claim to be an expert but it's sooooo good.  I get food from here at least once a week and it delivers great as well.   Paneer bhurji
Benares lies about their delivery radius on Seamless.They confirm orders to locations they've delivered to before (and the food was decent when they did, hence the second star) and then call 15+ minutes later to simply say they refuse to deliver and refuse to acknowledge that this is a change.Avoid them if you want to be sure to get your food!
Tried the lunch special which comes with a starter, an entree, rice and bread.  We had chicken jalfrezie, saag paneer, lamb kabab and samosas.Good food, good value, good service.
The restaurant is well decorated for NYC financial district.  The music is relaxing in tone and style.  I liked the food and the presentation was top notch.  The service is prompt but some patience is useful in communication.  Great for someone who is going on a date and knows what they want.  Try the pistachios Kulfi for dessert.
I love their food!!Saturday night, my boyfriend and I thought about going out for dinner and try this place for Indian food. It was delicious. The ambient is quiet and a little bit dark. The service was ok, they weren't very fast .  We had Chicken Tikka for appetizer, very tasty.  For entree my bf had Chicken Jalfrazie and I had the Murgh Seyal. I tried his and it was very good. My entree was divine, the chicken was perfectly grilled. We also ordered naan and it was soooo good! I highly recommend this place and we're definitely going back there.
Amazing food! Amazing service! By far my favorite authentic Indian food in NYC!Def get the benarasi dal and navabi subji. If you gave a sweet tooth, don't miss out on the kulfi!
I was very disappointed with this restaurant. I expected the food and service to be decent for the price I was paying. Instead, the waitress was very rude and would not allow us to sit at a booth. She claimed they were "reserved" but I highly doubt it. The service was awkward and would not fill up water or basic restaurant things like that. I could have gotten past all of that if the food was good. Instead, it was absolutely horrible. As an Indian, I still do not feel that I am TOO picky with Indian food. However, the curry was bland, the appetizer tasteless, and the naan average at best. I would not come back here again.
This is the by far the worst Indian restaurant I have been to across New York and New Jersey. I am Indian and have a fairly good sense of Indian food having eaten it pretty much my entire life. The chicken was hard to chew, the vegetarian dishes were far from freshly made and service was pathetic to say the least. To top it off our cheque included a 18% tip without a mention of it anywhere on their menu or otherwise. When we asked they removed the tip automatically added by them which clearly meant that they thought they could get away with the customer overlooking it. This just highlights the customer service this place offers where they try to squeeze money from honest customers. My server had a disinterested and displeased expression for everything that was asked or requested to him and he made our lunch an extremely unpleasurable experience. To top it off the server had the audacity of speaking loudly and telling us to include a tip which of course we did not after such disrespectful and outright rude behaviour. I would most definitely not recommend this place even as a one time visit besides there are many better Indian restaurants in the vicinity or in NYC in general.
The quality of the food dishes, decor and intimate setting made for the perfect dinner date at Benares.  We arrived around 6:00 PM on a weeknight and were immediately seated.  The giant booth space could've easily fit 6-8 adults and seemed a tad unnecessary for just the two of us.  My honey and I snuggled onto one side of the table and were amazed by the amount of privacy the tall booths provided.  He runs 6'2" and still had almost an entire yard of leftover head space on the booth walls.  Our server was nice, but a tad awkward.  He kept trying to push the "chef's special" of Tandoori Hen on us.  We declined, but he repeated that he REALLY recommends ordering that because it's the chef's special.  Dude, we already toldya no.  Keep in mind that the Tandoori Hen is actually a regular menu item.  I was quite skeptical to order it (especially after that pushy recommendation) since I read in an article somewhere that the specials are the ingredients that are going bad soon so they need to use it up (makes sense, yeah?).   If you're a fan of seafood, the Crab Chettinadu was quite good.  Very difficult to describe the flavoring since there's so much happening in every bite.  They definitely could've let the spices dissolve a bit more before plating though, some bites did not go down as smoothly as others.  We also ordered the Garlic Naan, Chicken Tikka Masala and the Lamb Vindaloo.  Most memorable was the Garlic Naan which was oily, but packed with flavor.  I found the Chicken Tikka Masala style to be a bit different than what I'm accustomed to at other Indian restaurants - less creamy so the taste was not as heavy.  The Lamb Vindaloo had a super-strong kick to it - not my preference.   As others have noted, the food does take longer to come out, but they clearly do not aim to be a fast food delivery spot.  This much is clear if you actually step into the restaurant itself.  The chefs are carefully preparing each dish as its ordered so it's going to take time and the prices reflect the time and care that goes into each dish.
Well I am from Benares and this food is not at all a sample of Benares food. The paneer in paneer makhani was chewy instead of soft. Mutton (goat meat) didn't have any flavor that it should have. Seemed like the food was made a day before and served to us on a Sunday night dinner.
A pretentious Indian restaurant. The food was below average but the prices were somewhat high. The salted lassi sucks! The service was good. Despite being overly priced pretentious restaurant, they don't have some basic sense including small things like keeping the chatni tray on the table throughout the meal. I'm not sure if they have ever been to an Indian restaurant in India to know what Indian food truly means.
Have only eaten this via seamless delivery but have to say i was very pleased with benares. i go very main stream / american style with my indian food orders so chicken tikka here i come... it was a large portion sized with really good quality white meat chicken - bonus points here! the grilled lamb starter i had was a little too charred for me but with the chicken tikka, plain naan, rice, and raita i had plenty of food. i would order again!
Easily the worst, most frustrating and most obnoxious experience we have ever had ordering food. We ordered online at 7:15, called at 8:00 to see where our food was and were told that the delivery man was on his way with it. We called again at 8:30, the manager then spent a while taking us on and off hold only to confirm that they never got our order. When we asked why we were told it was out for delivery he said someone must have misunderstood. He then asked me to read my order and apologized and said he would send it right away. 15min later someone else called from the restaurant and said I need to provide my credit card number. We told them to speak to their manager because we had already been charged. That person said that they were the manager and that they won't send the food without a card number. I explained that I just spoke to "the manager" and he said that person had left. This went on for a while, we gave up, they called back a couple times and demanded a credit card again and finally left us alone.
I came here with my girlfriend because we were hungry and wanted to try Indian cuisine around the neighborhood. The food here was pretty good and affordable. We had a chicken curry dish and potatoes and cauliflower. The curry was amazing! The environment was spacious and comfortable. Staffs here are welcoming and are quick to serve. I really love those chips where we can dip into the sauce.
Food was okay. Went with a group and there was enough to go around. Service wasn't great though. We even called ahead for reservations and the host got mad at us for arriving 3 minutes late even though the restaurant was empty... I don't recommend this place; for the price, quality, and service you're better off elsewhere. Hope you have a better experience than me though!
I went there on Saturday afternoon for the lunch special with my girlfriend. I had the samosa appetizer and chicken Korma for my main entree. It was very affordable for what you got. The service was great (very attentive wait staff) and the food was delicious and came in a timely manner. I can't wait to go back!
Quick review - solid Indian food in the Downtown area. Consistent, which is key. Great HH at the bar. The bartender is especially friendly, but not annoyingly so.It's my go to when I am craving a curry.
I was so glad this place opened and remained! There's not that many quality Indian Place option in FiDi, so I don't mind venturing a little out into TriBeCa-ish territory once in a while. I have been here a few times already and will gladly come back or recommend it to someone looking for Indian treats.The service is typically very prompt and courteous. But it does get filled quickly for lunch, so plan accordingly. The patrons are diverse, from couples and colleagues of two, to whole office outings of 5 or more. I think the manager generally hovers in the restaurant and over the patrons making sure all is well.They have lunch specials in Vegetarian and Meat varieties that are pretty affordable. Practically everything I've tried from the menu has been great and yummy. Some things are more spicy than others, but that's expected and even welcomed. Oh did I mention the lunch special comes with dessert?
Delicious vegetarian Indian food, reasonable prices, excellent service. Can't wait to delve the rest of the menu!
The best Indian I've had in TriBeCa. The food is flavorful, fresh, and prepared right. Reasonable prices and portions, attentive and courteous hosts and waitstaff. I made lunch reservations here for eight coworkers and everything went of without a hitch. They have plenty of vegan and vegetarian options, which others in my party liked very much. I have tried the chicken vindaloo, biryani, and aloo gobi- all were great and mostly authentic (no need to ask for things to be prepared "spicy", and I like my food hot). The restaurant is also decently spacious and well decorated- right down to the restrooms. No complaints here, and you really can't beat their prix fixe lunch prices!
Service was good, decor inside was very modern and clean, and the food was fantastic. We ordered the tandoori chicken and lamb biryani, both in large portions and very tasty. It's pricier than other Indian places in the city, but it's more upscale-looking inside so I guess the comfort you get justifies the disparity.
Good food but not as per Indian spice standard. They make it bland n we need to add salt to taste it better but good place for different type of kulchas.
Poor customer service/ delivery timing. I have ordered from here over the years and like the food. But the last couple of times I have ordered the food has taken 90-120 minutes to arrive (my workplace is less than a mile from the restaurant). Whenever I call I get the usual response that the food is out for delivery. But of course I wait and wait and wait. Sorry Benares, it's just not acceptable.
I went here yesterday for a dinner. I have seen worse indian restaurants, but this one is so bad. First, they took 10 minutes to take our order. It took almost 30 minutes to complete our order. Even worse, they brought our appetizers right after we were done with main course. (WTH? Never seen this happening before). Servers were indifferent to customers. Place is too cramp and dark. Oh, and did I say that don't even try biryani here. It's not biryani, it's something that does neither look nor taste like one. Had to bring it home to bear with it. Also, they automatically added 18% tip for 3 people. Really? For good food and service i would be glad with this, but this is unacceptable. Never going to this one again. Managers, please pay attention to your employees, they hardly get any time out of their own gossip and brawls.If you are looking for better Indian restaurants in Manhattan, try Yuva. Trust me, it's much better.
Great lunch special in Lower Manhattan. In fact this may be the best Lunch Special in all of Manhattan. For $15 you get appetizer, main dish with rice and veggie and desert. You really can't beat it when you consider how authentic the food at Benares is. And generally, this is a high priced dinner restaurant throughout the week, but for lunch they offer this amazing deal. If you work or live in the area, there's no way you can pass this up.
The food was not bad.  The only reason why this place loses a star is because the service was kinda lacking even though there were no more than 10 people in here at a time.
Good food and think that they are 1000 points on OpenTable. When we went inside it was empty so I was skeptical but after having the food, no doubt in my mind it is tasty!
After a tiring workday, the boyfriend and I decided to give Benares a try. We're both Indian and very tired of the 'papad' situation in Indian restaurants in the US - they're sticky as hell! So it was a pleasant surprise mixed with a certain nostalgia when we were served fryums (fried rice flakes) instead. We ordered a Benares Kachori as an appetizer - perfectly crispy and with just the right amount of sauces. Added bonus on presentation with the tiny slices of dates on top. For the entree, we kept it simple with a malai kofta and some garlic naan and we weren't disappointed. The flavors were amazing, the naan was soft (though it felt more regular than garlic-ky) and the portion was just right. Wished we had room for the pistachio kulfi, but oh well, next time. Because there will be a next time!
Good vibes and good food. My friend and I ordered a paneer dish and malai kofta. The paneer was awesome but I've had better malai kofta before to be honest
A great indian restaurant in tribeca, on the nicer end with excellent service and nice decor
I have had Indian food  all over the world. Ordered lunch and had the chicken masala prefix lunch box.  A HUGE disappointment.  The naan was the worst naan I have ever had.The sauce the chicken was in was like water, the vegetables was cooked from frozen vegetables, mushrooms were from the can.  Over all DISGUSTING.  DON"T WASTE YOUR TIME.
Went here for a lunch date, the place was packed but service was quick and friendly. The food has so much flavor, loved the garlic Naan bread! Great lunch specials. I would definitely come here again.
YUM!This is Excellent Indian food.And price is surprisingly good too.Ordered Appetizers: Kolhapuri Misal (Excellent!), and Adraki Samosa (lived the side but that came with it), and Main Courses: Lamb Vindaloo (less spicy hot than some places, but Very Flavorful and delicious), Nawabi Subji and a half order of Gobhi Jaipuri (least exciting dish of the bunch, yet good). Cucumber Raita was also a hit. We ordered a couple of other side sauces, and some naan, but didn't eat much of them.I would definitely go there again if I find myself in that neighborhood -wish it was near my home! I'd be a weekly regular :)I'm now back into Indian food.
I was expecting a great meal, and but ended up with a average-at-best meal that was way overpriced.Thought the Chiken Tikka was very dry and you only get 4 small pieces for $14. Same with the Paneer Tikka.Nothing was terrible, but nothing was great either. Food is similar to the buffet at a wedding.Despite a large waitstaff, service was mediocre.
Ordered dinner from Benares.  Tandoori chicken was inedible.  Overcooked and had no flavor/seasoning just coloring.  Truly disappointing.
Chicken Saag was tasty.  Service was decent.  There were two kids screaming at another table, which the staff did not seem to acknowledge.  No soap in one of the men's bathrooms - it appears that the dispenser was removed from the wall.  Someone from the staff exited before I entered.
We had an amazing experience today at Benares. After looking into so many different restaurants in Manhattan, Benares was the only one that didn't have 60 dollar cover per person (for groups of 15). And not only that - they didn't have any cover at all. They allow us to bring a cake from a different bakery and served it to us for no additional money. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the food was amazing and reasonably priced. Thanks!
Great lunch deals from $11 and not a buffet. Elegant setting, delicious food and efficient service.  And the beer was ice cold which is a plus.  Servings are more than generous. I'll be back
Food is good. I recently got food catered from them and was very happy with the responsiveness, service and quality. Also, there ras malai is to die for.
I LOVE Benares!I make them my Sunday seamless.com dinner. I've never been to the restaurant only ordered multiple times online. They deliver fast and the food is alway aaaammmaaaazzzing. They make an awesome lamb vindaloo The sauce is addictive! It's so addictive that I ordered the lamb vindalo and a side of their vindaloo sauce.  The nan bread is so soft. I recommend the garlic nan.Their combo deal is pretty great and the best is they are not cheap with the side sauces (mango chutney, syrupy stuff, pickle sauce). They provide tons of side sauces which is great!Love the food!
Benares is truly the total package. The atmosphere is warm, with dim lighting and nice decor. The service is wonderful, everyone was really kind and attentive throughout the entire experience.The food was also really great. I ordered the Salmon Tikka which was cooked to absolute perfection. I don't think I've ever had salmon that was that wonderful, and I look forward to trying it again. For dessert, I had the Atom Bomb, a chocolate lava cake with rose ice cream. It was as tasty as it sounds.The only reason that Benares gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because our water glasses were rarely refilled and the naan we ordered never came out. Even with that the Salmon Tikka was so good that I'm willing to let both of these go and come back to Benares for round deux.
I've never been to Benares for a sit-in meal yet (I plan on doing so in the near future, though, based on the great reviews below!), but this is a GREAT option for delivery in the FiDi area. The Prix Fix Dinner Special -- which includes an appetizer, entrée, naan, basmatic rice, and various chutneys/sauces -- for $15.95+tax/tip is an outright STEAL... especially considering that one order feeds the average girl (a.k.a. me) three solid meals. Looking thru my Seamless orders, I've always ordered the same thing: samosas as my app, chicken korma as my entrée (both of which I recommend whole-heartedly). I want to venture out and try something different on the menu next time I crave Indian, but I'm such a sucker for my 'go-to' order. As for the service/delivery time, Benares has always been consistent and comes within the time frame listed on Seamless.
The best most authentic tasting chicken vindaloo around.   The lentil soup appetizer was velvety and delicious.  The vindaloo was spot on with the naam was incredible and the rice pudding dessert was great.  For a 12.95 lunch special you can not ask for more.
Ordered the chicken platter by phone during lunch around 2 pm.  It was ready and hot in 10 mins.  The food was delicious.  $10.84 after tax.  Lunch box was nicely prepared, nan was in a separate bag.  Perfect portion,  u can feel the care in preparing the meal.  I will definitely order again.  Service seemed friendly over the phone and in person.
I'll admit that I have not been to the restaurant...Benares catered a wedding I attended this past weekend, and I'm giving them the full five stars based on that experience.Without a doubt, this was the best Indian food I have had in New York City.
A fabulous place to savour the best blend of Indian spices and herbs. Soothing decor and great staff. The chef definitely knows a way to turn out the best in every dish. Everything served on our table had some unique flavour added to its usual taste. It's  one of the best Places to try Indian food in New York City!! I'd definitely recommend everyone to try this place !!!
I was pleasantly surprised after having dinner here with a friend. This place had pretty good reviews but most Indian places are suspect IMO. The best Indian food is, of course, served behind closed doors in people's homes. This was pretty good. The ambience was unexpectedly chic for some random street in TriBeCa. It was a little dark for my tastes. The bar tender didn't know run from tequila. She out tequila in my old fashioned. Odd! But at half price, i still sucked it down (dont' judge me). Anyway, the food was the star of the show. Reasonably priced and appropriately spiced. No, I didn't intend to rhyme. I had an eggplant dish and my friend had crab. both were very good. I took my leftovers to work for lunch. And no, I ]didnt care if it smelled. mwahahah.
As I entered the restaurant, it was as if I was back in India and going for dinner in a local restaurant. The food was okay, a little disappointing, may be I had too high hopes. Overall was decent food and service.
Good food, good ambience and good service. Nothing very spectacular but we had a good time. It's the same Indian menu you would see in a hundred other places.
The atmosphere here was quiet and intimate.  The food was fantastic and the service was great. We came back twice in the same week.
Pros:  - Good service, attentive staff.  Healthy portions including appetizer.  - Overall in comparison to nearby Indian places have found Benares to be very tasty.Cons:- Both dishes we ordered (vindaloo and chick peas) were a little heavy on the black pepper.  - Also the vindaloo although traditionally spicy, was served as "spicy," which we did not request and was tough to enjoy without 4 glasses of water.
Amazing food.  Been here couple of times for lunch.  Ambiance is very nice. This place has best nan or bread.  Good and tasty food.  Definitely one of my favorite place to stop by for lunch.
My husband and I come here often and it is always a great experience. The food is amazing and the servers are so friendly. We love Indian food and this is one of favorite restaurants in the city. A little more casual than tamarind but the food is just as good, sometimes better!
The food is very delicious.   The prix fixe lunch is very reasonably priced and you get a lot of food.  This is my go to place for good Indian food.My only complaint is the service.  Someone comes around with water and that is about it.  I always have to flag down a waiter for service or the check.
I placed my order and was told my food would arrive in 30 minutes.  After an hour and 20 minutes I called and was told the food would be there in 5 minutes.  The man I spoke to hung up on me before I could ask to cancel the order.  The food finally did arrive 15 minutes later and was cold.I called to ask for a refund.  I spoke to one man who told me he would credit me the entire amount.  Then suddenly i was speaking to another person who told me they were crediting me 15%.  In the end I paid $28 for soggy samosas and cold chicken.  Errors happen, but they won't earn any more of my business if this is the way they view customer service.
I went here for dinner with my sister, and we had a great time. The restaurant is large with a trendy, upscale decor, and the quality of the food is good. She and I ordered chicken tikka masala, naan, and a potato-cauliflower dish. Everything tasted delicious, especially the potato-cauliflower dish. Overall, this is a nice spot to have a meal with friends or your family. The space is also big enough to accompany large groups.
Service was quick to greet us and take our order. Meals were both well prepared. I liked the modern atmosphere; modern and semi-intimate. A solid choice for Indian in this area.
After yoga class, I replenish my energy and ease my appetite here. I highly advise a light breakfast b/c the food is plentiful and flavorful. The staff are welcoming. The restaurant is spacious and you are welcome to stay to enjoy it even after you have reached your stomach capacity. I love coming here as often as I can for authentic cuisine.
Walked in a bit late last night with a couple of friends. This is a below average place by city standards. We got The Cauliflower appetizer which was below par, and a chicken tikka which was pretty unappetizing. The Dal Tarka was not very flavorful either. This place wouldn't survive a week in Curry hill. I wonder why we didn't walk into the Rosa Mexicano next door.
Delicious Indian food - quality - delivers via Seamless (I have never been there in person)
