The star is for the service and atmosphere. Otherwise the food was extremely disappointing; definitely don't come here if you're looking for a good deal on dim sum or good dim sum at all. The soup dumplings were small and broke apart even when they were picked up gently. Scallion pastry was not extremely flavorful and the dumplings were dry. The portions were also miniscule for what we paid. I have had better dishes at my own house from the supermarket. Maybe dim sum is not their specialty but if so they shouldn't advertise themselves as a dim sum place at all. I would give no stars if possible because I left wondering what I paid for. Also, I feel that i am being generous with this review, which should speak volumes.
Excellent!Steamed Soup Buns as a present  tasted well,lion head,shanghai Delicacy Stew is great,But the Eggplant in Garlic Sauce without spicy is terriffic amazing!At last they give us fruit cut as present.Wonderful service.I 'll come back again nowerdays.
I came here with my colleagues and it is a nice place for lunch and for those who are craving for authentic Shanghai food around mid-town financial center. They will give you free steamed pork buns if you order over some amount and they will give a 15% discount after you check in. I thought the place was expensive, but after the discount I am fine with the final price. We ordered the fried fish topped with sweet and sour sauce, which is a traditional dish from my hometown and I like it here. We also had the Shanghai style soup with bamboos, salty sausages, etc. The soup was good, but the meat inside was not as good as expected. Overall, we would come back and try out some other dishes.
We just ordered food from there for pickup, the restaurant forgot the order. They said they were gonna deliver it to us for free instead (we live literally two blocks away) but the delivery guy was extremely rude and requested us to give him tip. I explained that the restaurant is going to cover it but he was very rude and unprofessional. Also, for the main dish they delivered, they did not include a side of rice.
Saw the signage for this place go up last week and was excited to try it. Walked by again and had pretty low expectations for this place as midtown east Chinese places go. What happened was slightly worse.Menu is a mix of wanting-to-impress with some the usual takeout stuff. We were seated at the bar quickly per our request but received no water, napkins or service for a good 15 minutes. About to leave, we finally got some water (though asked for tea) and our order on the way.20 mins later. No food. Asked for tea again, no tea. Fish came raw.No one once came to check on us.Asked 3 people to get the check. No pen in check. Oh, no tea.
For not being in Chinatown, this restaurant was very authentic and overall a great experience. The atmosphere was very clean, well-decorated and had a nice vibe. We ordered soup buns, pan fried dumplings, and Shanghai udon noodles with shredded pork~ all very well made and delicious, and worth the price! The service was also efficient and friendly. We came around 11am on a Saturday and it wasn't very crowded. The only complaint would be that the tea was not complimentary and a little expensive just for being regular oolong. But regardless, overall very good~ would definitely recommend and come back again!
Last night was my first time trying this restaurant. Honestly I wouldn't have one about it without yelp. I ordered over the phone for pick up. I got the pork soup dumplings and the sauteed string beans. Both were so delicious! They offer 15% off since they opened not too long ago. The inside of the restaurant looks clean. I bit on the pricey side but I guess I should have expected that, given it's in midtown east location.
I was going crazy trying to find a seamless place that actually delivered dim sum. Although this place doesn't serve the traditional dishes you would expect at dim sum, they had some solid options. I ordered the spicy wontons and sticky rice shumai. Both were excellent. The spicy wontons had a peanut sauce, which was surprising but welcome as I love peanut sauces. They weren't overwhelmingly spicy either. The shumai was a nice balance, but would have tasted a bit better if there was meat mixed into the rice. Overall, good. Would order from Jasmine Restaurant again.
Okay but unmemorable food. Slow, unattentive and forgetful servers. Was there on opening week so will forgive the service. The worst lowlight -- bland, underfilled (well mostly because they had holes) soup dumplings. One entree was served cold and took a good chunk of time to get their attention for a replacement dish. Not good and no reason to go back vs other options in the area. Maybe it's better now... but doubt it.
Shanghainess food was authentic and delicious, portion is kind of big. The location is great and the ambience is nice as well. I will definitely come back again
Decent Chinese food in midtown. Have been here twice already. Once for dinner and once for lunch. Soup dumplings were pretty good. Beef noodle soup pretty authentic. Don't get the dry noodles with shrimp.
I would give 3.5. Uneven quality. Some dishes are very authentic and delicious, such as crispy fish with pine nuts in sweet and sour sauce, Shanghai delicacy stew, Shanghai sweetly smoked fish, and eel in ringing oil. Some are average. Like grandma's homemade pork belly, sweet and sour short rib, and sautéed bok choy. Some are below average, such as shrimp with jasmine goji berry, Shanghai liquor-soaked chicken, and traditional steamed soup buns.
My 2nd time within a month. This newly opened restaurant offers a warm atmosphere and nice services. You can find Shanghai and Hangzhou (Dongpa pork) here with traditional tastes.Today we got belly pork and Shanghai soup. Very delicious!
We liked this place the first time we came here - descent food, nice service, ok prices. But the second visit today was very disappointing. Food size shrieked dramatically. We ordered grandma braised pork both times, last time it could feed three people, but today there were less good meat and more fatty ones (gigantic pieces of pure fat, it was pretty unappetizing). The shumai is very bland too. They taste exactly like the frozen ones you can buy at any Chinese supermarket. The soup dumplings tasted worse than last time, too. I was happy that there's a descent restaurant like this in the neighborhood but after today's meal, we don't think we're going to come back here anymore.
As a Shanghainese person, my standards are pretty high, but I'm glad to say that this place did it for me! We got the crab xiao long bao, sweet and sour spare ribs, and the Shanghainese soup dumplings. Everything was really good although the Shanghainese soup dumplings weren't that authentic (still really good). The decor is really tasteful and the service was great. Would definitely recommend this to anyone in need of a good dim sum fix!
I had the shredded pork entree with buns. Delicious! Comes with white rice. Also tried the steamed crab soup dim sum which was tasty. I like how it opens up in your mouth and releases the soup. Nice!Service was friendly and helpful. Will come back!
Very good Shanghai food. We really liked the green fried rice which is quite unique to us. The seafood clay hot pot had scallops, shrimps, enoki mushrooms, and squash. The flavor was excellent. The eels in ringing oil brought back some good old memory but I wish they add yellow chives and had more sizzling oil. Soup dumplings (Xiao Long Bao)were fine and it's nice that the restaurant gave them for free as a promotion. I particularly appreciate the 15% off grand opening discount.
both takeouts and eat-ins were good experiences. ordered spicy fish and seafood soup for a few times, the qualities are consistent.
Most disappointing lunch thus far. I discovered this so-called new "hidden gem" based on Yelp reviews and Instagram photos, so I brought my friend there. Ha. It was quite busy when we got there around 1 PM, but we were able to get a table without waiting. Awesome! When we sat down, we waited at least fifteen minutes before a waitress came to order for us. No big deal because I understand that it was crowded and I got to chat too. We ordered #1 on the dim sum menu- Shanghai steamed soup buns (6 pieces); #5- signature crab steamed soup bun (1 giant piece); my friend got a spicy beef noodle soup. The noodles came soon enough, and a while later, FOUR small steamed pork&crab dumplings came. Um I didn't order this?! We tried to grab waiters/waitresses, all of them running around saying "one second," which turned out to be another five minutes before someone could take it away. Fine. Ten minutes later, FOUR small steamed pork&crab dumplings came. Yeah what the heck. I just gave them back to you, and you gave it back to me... at that time most tables were empty already. And it took another 10-15 minutes before someone actually gave me THE actual #5- signature crab steamed soup bun. Not bad, I've never tried it so it was pretty exciting. I first slurped the soup inside (not as flavorful as I expected), then I got a bowl to start biting the inside- wait, there's no meat? I don't blame them though, perhaps it's really what those giant soup dumplings come with. Dumpling wrapper and soup.No surprise, that #1- Shanghai steamed soup buns (6 pieces) NEVER came. They realized that they made the mistake, so they canceled that order. How would you feel if you tried so hard to understand how busy they could be during weekdays at noon, but you felt like you weren't understood back?
Literally one of the worst service experiences I've had a restaurant in recent times. I felt as if I was in a cone of forgetting. I had to practically tackle someone to have my order taken, tea and water filled, and my cheque presented. That said, the food is very good. Every time I've gotten take-out, the food has been exceptional--probably the best in the neighbourhood IMHO. So, I'll probably still keep coming here--I'll just end up ordering pick-up.
Was staying at a hotel in the area. Yelp listed this place as "hot & new" and the reviews were mostly positive. This place had a great ambiance and modern feel. The service was top notch, always making sure our glasses were full and checking in.The food was great. We asked for a recommendation of the many authentic, made in house dim sum. They delivered the Pork Soup Buns and they had an awesome flavor. We then went on to our main courses. An orange chicken which was flavored and served with real oranges (versus just a syrupy artificial orange essence). The shredded beef with green chili made my nose run. Definitely a lot of heat and the beef was very tender with no fat or grizzle. Both portions were individually large enough to feed a family.We will be back next time we're in NYC.
Soup dumplings were only ok but sliced pork with soybean curd was flavorless and too greasy.
I went there with my friends to celebrate Mid-auto day, so disappointed. When we made reservation, they told me we can get mooncake. However, we got nothing. Don't try if u are interested in Shanghai style.
YUMMMM and great service! Free shalombao with a $30 purchase!! And the shalombao is SOOO GOOOD, would recommend all the dumplings actually haha
Took a risk on this place given that it has some spotty reviews (esp if you look outside of Yelp), hoping that this might be an undiscovered gem. But ended up being as expected - not great Chinese food, but passable.I got:Kao fu - Not as flavorful as it could have been - it was fine, but I've had better versions (i.e. China Blue, 21 Shanghai House). Surprisingly tasted better the next day. Woody ear mushroom - Good, nothing spectacular, but enjoyable.Wine chicken - Very disappointing. I don't think I've had wine chicken this dry before. Usually, I love wine chicken because the meat is super tender, but in this case, the meat was kind of dry and the wine sauce was a bit overwhelming.All in all, has the potential to be very good/authentic given the menu, but unfortunately things were not executed as well as desired.
I had a pretty long walk here because I'm always looking for a good chinese restaurant. Unfortunately the long walk here I didn't find it worth it at all. I ordered Crab Xiao Long Bao(steamed soup dumplings), Sheng Jian Bao (pan fried pork buns), La Zha Ji rou(chongqing chicken), Wonton with Chili Oil. The first thing they bring out, Regular Xiao Long Bao(not crab which i had ordered), I told them they brought me the wrong one and they said ok. The Xiao Long Baos themselves were very good. They later brought out the crab Xiao Long bao which were also good.They then proceeded to bring out La Zha Ji Rou/Chongqing Chicken and Shengjian Bao/pan fried buns, the chicken was soooooooooooo dry and for some reason had a powdery taste. On top of that, ChongQing Chicken doesn't have Green peppers or peanuts Kung Pao does. Which even if it was kung pao, that still left the point of it being completely dry to the point of it being inedible.I don't know if it was cornstarch or msg or what, but for some reason it tasted very dry and very powdery. The Shengjian Bao were good, they probably could've used a little more juice in the middle but otherwise they were good.Finally, they brought out the Wonton With Chili Oil. There was barely any chili oil, for some reason they put a huge glop of peanut sauce on top instead which I don't really like or if i do eat it it's not the main focus of a chili oil dish. The wontons themselves were fine, but I didn't bother eating the bulk of it because it was completely covered in Peanut sauce. The service overall was very good overall, but between bringing me Regular Xiao Long bao(which i didn't order) and on top of that charging me for the xiao long bao i didn't even order, It left alot to be desired.Summary: Not bothering with this place again, waste of time and money.
The sweet pork with pancakes are the best, the dim sum has great flavor, but the noodles not great. Overall great dinning and flavor filled food.
It's my first time to go this restaurant, I am sure this rest will be my favorite one, and I will come back.
For more than twenty years this location held Chin Chin, a swanky Chinese boite that managed decent, if not exactly innovative cuisine. After it faded, came Red Stix, which opted for new and trendy fusion-y sort of food. Jasmine is something different, emphasizing food quality and authenticity over style.At lunch there are numerous specials, but you would be well served to try the 14.95 lunch special that includes xiao long bao, soup, and a cold noodle dish. (These vary by the day). The xlbs are good, if not Nan Xiang good, and I enjoyed the chicken corn soup and cold noodles on the day I was there.A take out dinner order was also very good. We started with the ham and radish pastry from the dinner dim sum list, and they were flaky and savory. We moved onto the intriguing Shanghai Shepherd's Purse Tofu Soup. This contained eight large, soft won tons in a cloudy broth, with greens. The filling was green, as if containing fresh herbs, and the soup had a sorrel-like taste that was unfamilar to me. I am not sure where the tofu was. Five spice beef consisted of a thin tender slices of boiled beef, fragrant with spice, with a hoisin based sauce.The Chef's "Signature Green Fried Rice" was herbal, delicious, and full of vegetables. It may be suitable for vegetarians - ask your server. Salt and pepper shrimp were eight, and of good size. Unfortunately they were battered, and could have used a bit more spice. They came nestled in a sort of crepe or pancake that didn't hold up well on the journey home. This was the only dish I wouldn't repeat, although it is probably better when consumed in the restaurant.Overall, I enjoyed both meals and I think you will too.
the staff are nice, the cuisine are delicious. I recommend the pork stew! Although the Szechuan cuisine are not authentic, the Shanghai cuisine are very yummy.
Came in due to some Yelp reviews, and I am quite happy about it! The place is clean, cool, modern. Everyone is very friendly and thoughtful. And ... the menu is fantastic. They have everything you could want and more. Some great traditional items, as well as some twist to favorites. The dishes are simple, elegant and fresh. You can tell they care about the good prep and presentation. Being a vegetarian, there were plenty of options which is a ++ for me! This is a great place that all should check out. Wine, beer and cocktails were tasty, too. Oooh ... the prices were right on! Must come!!
Absolutely upsetting and terrifying. I have ordered from them an hr and a half ago. Food is STILL not here. I have contacted the restaurant to see what is going on and they kept on saying the guy is on the way and used the excuse of calling the delivery guy and he is not answering the phone. I called the restaurant again and the lady had the nerve to hang up on me. Definitely never again. Horrible service and terrible customer service.
Food was ok, service was not. Then got scolded by one of the waiters for not putting enough tip. I don't care how good your food is (and this was just mediocre), this is unacceptable. The staff messed up the order of the woman next to us and would drop a plate on our table then quickly walk away. For a mostly empty restaurant and at least 10 people working they seemed to be in a rush to stand around and ignore their customers.
We ordered a spicy shrimp dish, the jasmine rice and some soup buns. The shrimp dish was pretty good; the jasmine rice was okay... and the soup buns weren't as good as Joe's Shanghai's but it's less fatty so you may like them more if you prefer less fatty soup buns. Overall, a good new addition to the neighborhood!
You can't expect the restaurant to be the most authentic Shanghainess food in the world, but it's probably one of the most authentic ones in Manhattan. That said, there are dishes that are worth trying and other dishes you'd better skip. Yan Du Xian is pretty good though a bit overpriced. Sweet and sour pork rib is up to the standard of a decent Shanghainess restaurant. I am glad that they offer radish cake, but it would be better if the dough is thinner. The drunken chicken sometimes tastes over-marinated in alcohol and the meat is not very fresh. The smoked fish is a bit too sweet and will taste better if it has less oil.
Went to this place with co workers for lunch, it was recommended by some fellow co workers. We were given a menu, no lunch menu. It was pricey for lunch. Then we get back to the office and our co workers told us there is a lunch menu and on top of that the dim sum we ordered should have been free with the regular menu. The waitress never mentioned anything to us about a lunch menu nor did they tell us about the free dim sum. We ended up being charged for them. Very deceiving and unethical business practices there. We will not be returning for sure!
I've really been delighted with this place.  I first came here for a dim sum dinner and was pleasantly surprised when they gave us free soup buns.  I've returned a few times since and have been uniformly happy with the service, the prices, the flavors, and the portions.  (And I have to say, the portions are huge!  A bowl of soup will easily feed three people.)  This place is neither the finest nor the most inexpensive of Asian cuisine in NYC or even the neighborhood, but value for dollar, I think it can't be beat.
Mediocre Chinese at best. They forgot my spring roll which came with the lunch special and also lore about including chopsticks in my bag. Too many other Chinese places in the city to resort to going to this one. Next!!
Better than China Blue much more refined and more to the Cantonese palette. XLB not as good and Nan Xhing flushing but still comparable. if you come for lunch and order family style they treat you to XLB 2 per person. Nice. Great ambience calm and pleasant lighting and staff.
Excellent lunch today and our server Maggie was so polite and explained everything about the traditional dishes we ordered.  Service was great, reasonably priced and we will certainly return again.  Thank you.
This is one of the best places to eat in Midtown East. Working in the area it's hard to find good food without a long line. Jasmine has high quality food for decent prices - about $15 for the lunch special that comes with rice and soup or a spring roll. I definitely recommend trying Jasmine if you work in the area!
Very very bad service, from the very first second to the end, I had to look around to see where my server was, actually I didn't even know who my server was, the front girl took my order, then nobody ever stopped by and ask me about the food or if we need anything else, instead I had to wait a little while so I could ask someone to refill my water, then waited another little while so I can get my check, I guess they were too busy? Well then you don't deserve my tips. Food was good and tasty, that's why I gave you 1 star, or else it would be 0 if Yelp has this option.
It is a new restaurant, I went there with a friend. The food was delicious, and they offered me Shanghai Steamed Soup Buns for free as a discount. It reminded me of a similar snack in my hometown. I was amazed I could have similar taste food in manhatten.
Nice to have an authentic Chinese place right next to home. No longer need to make the journey down to chi town. The space is nice and clean, with a full bar. They're doing a lot of coupons right now for grand opening. My family of four all ordered a version of their beef noodle soup. Expecting the Taiwanese beef noodle soup as pictured, I think we were all a little let down when a Shanghainese version of the dish came out. The beef was in small bite sized strips and the broth was covered by bell pepper strips on the surface. Not what we wanted, but the dish wasn't bad. It had a very good spice to it, and the beef itself was decently tender. However, not as satisfying as a braised taiwanese beef noodle soup. We did get their xiao long Bao and that was pretty good, very meaty, with a nice rich soup inside. Service was fast, but I think there was a little bit of a language barrier as we don't speak Chinese. I think something's got lost in translation and that's weird being that we are in Midtown east not Chinatown. Also, a pot of tea is 10 dollars so watch out for that if you say yes to hot tea. Not a bad experience, but I think I'd take the extra effort to go somewhere better further away.
Food was good, place was clean, service was fast. However, 15% off for check-in doesn't apply to lunch special.
The food was ok. I was expecting better tasting food. Had their signature jasmine fried rice, steamed soup dumplings (smaller order than other restaurants), and wuxi pork spare ribs.  What I hated most was the lack of air conditioning. I was sweating a lot by the end of the meal and it was cooler outside than in the restaurant.  This made it a less than enjoyable experience. Not sure if I'll be returning.
The food is mostly good but very inconsistent, portion-wise and the service is poor (to put it nicely). When I order the Mapo tofu with fish fillets, there are times when there are as many as 7 pieces of fish and then at others, only 2 tiny pieces. The wait staff tried to explain that if many people order that dish that day, there isn't much fish left.. the manager just stood by giving us dirty looks. After several attempts at giving this lunch spot a chance because the food IS tasty, my colleagues and I are fed up and will no longer be going back!
Ordered the crab soup dumplings and mushroom soup, which was usually not a popular dish in Shanghainese restaurant but I just needed something warm at that time. Both turned out to be comforting and delicious! And the service was extremely attentive too!
As a Shanghainese native, i was pretty excited to try this new restaurant, however it turned me off after today's dinner:1)They put onion in Shanghainese sliced eel...how can you claim yourself as a Shanghainese cuisine restaurant if you don't even put the right ingredient in the dish?2)The scallion noodle stuck together and could not be separated and mixed with the oil and soy sauce3)The spicy fish fillet was over coated with flour/starch4) There was barely any taste except MSG in the egg dumpling clay potAdditionally, it took them forever to serve the dishes, the waitress was obviously overwhelmed with the orders and could not handle the workload , they left my credit card on the floor and mischarged my friend's credit card  for the entire bill while we gave them two cards to have the bill split, I could hardly believe this was the restaurant highly promoted on the Chinese social network media platform (wechat and weibo), I am sorry if this may sound harsh, if you don't know what are the right ingredients or how to properly cook authentic Shanghainese cuisine, do not even try to claim yourself as an authentic Shanghainese restaurant, it is humiliating.Also if you take a look at the existing five-star reviews of this restaurant, majority of the reviewers only posted once on yelp, only for this restaurant, need more explanations? I get it you guys want more recognition, but not by making high self-rating on yelp, you guys need to make efforts to hire a qualified chef and train a professional team for service delivery !
Great food and service!  The Crispy Fish and Pine Nuts in Sweet and Sour Source is authentic!
Stunningly good food.  Everything was amazing.  The clay pot and the Kung Pao stood out ( real Szechuan peppercorn- incredible value
On my trip to NYC and it's my first time here. Ordered spicy crispy cucumber, eel in ringing oil, shanghai delicacy stew and fried soy bean and bean curd with pickled cabbage. I got free traditional xiao long bao for spending more than $30. Cucumber is great, it's crispy, sour and a little sweet. Eel and the stew is as good as those I had in Shanghai. Fried soy bean are so so. Xiao long bao is good but it's taste is light, I prefer to have stronger taste xiao long bao. Overall it's a little expensive.
Amazing food and service!  Best whole sweet and sour fish I have ever had.  Delicious grandmas pork belly.   Very yummy soup dumplings. Great service and excellent food.  Good value too!
Excellent new authentic Chinese restaurant. Jasmine was a short walk from my hotel. The dim sum and norm belly did not disappoint.....Amazing !
Here on a business trip and frequent NYC. I have never boldly walked into a restaurant like I did today. What a surprise! Food and service stellar and AUTHENTIC CHINESE. The crab soup dumplings are heavenly and better than Din Tai Fung. The fish filet with black bean sauce and ginger and scallions were prepared to buttery perfection. My typical Chinese food order is Ma Pao Tofu. I can't even begin to explain how perfect this Tofu was. I will MOST DEFINITELY return on my next trip. BRAVO and She She....
Better than flushing surprisingly--even the soup dumplings! I highly recommend this place, especially he soup dumplings. I also recommend the spicy crispy chicken. Will definitely be returning here for more and would highly recommend. The neighborhood is also nice with lots of bars nearby.
Good midtown east spot for authentic Shanghainese food . They are having a 15% discount for the first month. Longer review to come.
People save your trip! The only reason we went was because we got a 15% off coupon for their opening. The food was so below mediocre-- Panda Express may be your better bet at this point! And the service was terribly slow!! I was so excited to check this place out, but what a BUMMER! :(
Best pine whole fish so far I've had in manhattan! Authentic Chinese Shanghai cuisine. Food is very fresh and tasty; service is good as well. Will definitely come back.
Not fancy. Helpful waitstaff. Freshly prepared food. Broad menu. Been here 1/2 dozen times. Always a delight. Quality. Tasty. Prompt. I'll be back.
Authentic Chinese food and decent dining environment--- a great addition to midtown east food options.
An excellent new addition to the neighborhood!A couple of weeks ago we noticed the name of the restaurant changed and saw the sign for Shanghai soup dumplings. We were very pleased with overall experience (a nice decor, very clean, friendly & quick service) and the soup dumplings (especially the spicy ones) were delicious! We look forward to returning for full dim sum and dinner soon.
This is not your typical American Chinese restaurant. Unique dishes and flavors. Incredibly delicious dim sum. The dim sum is a must order. Be adventurous and try out Jasmine. It was remarkably inexpensive and the servings were big.
Went with 3 people from work. I was reading Yelp as we were seated and saw the free ice cream with check in. Tried to redeem but they did not honor it. Read the menu outside for the lunch specials which were all marked $8.95 which they did not honor (see image). Chicken tasted great but the food was all appetizer portions which is normally $12 bucks. Back to the regular spot for a regular sized lunch for $9.
This place was absolutely delicious! My husband and I are visiting New York for the first time and wanted to find some good Chinese food. Definitely haven't had food like this before! We got the soup buns, Shanghai pork and tossed spicy pork noodles and they were all fantastic. And don't forget to order one of their specially teas, very refreshing to go with your meal. Highly recommend checking this place out!
I've been here for take-out about 5 times in the last 3 weeks since I first tried it.  The food is very good, but they are having "growing pains" as far as service goes...not very organized with how they handle take-out orders, so you have to ask them to check for your order when bags appear.  I've tried their soup buns and they are good, but not great.  Their general tso's chicken and shrimp, as well as the sesame shrimp are delicious!!  They use chicken breast, not thighs, but it was well-cooked and juicy.  The shrimp are cooked well, so that they are nice and tender, not hard as rocks as in some places.  Their cold sesame noodles are great!!  They have a vast menu which includes some "real" Chinese dishes that I'm looking forward to trying!!  Highly recommend this place as long as you don't let the lapses in service bother you.I'm editing my review on June 20, 2017, reducing it by 2 stars, because I ordered pan fried pork dumplings and pan fried pork soup buns and they were all RAW!!!!  I had raw pork in my mouth!  Fortunately, I knew right away from the consistency that something was wrong and spit it out immediately.  Still left me with a weird feeling all day though!!  Disgusting!!
I ordered noodles and shrimp. The dish was Okey, but very bland. Only 4 shrimp, though they were decent size. Granted for $12, I shouldn't have expected much, but at least give me 5 shrimp.
Everything was delicious and the service attentive. Green fried rice is marked as spicy, but was so slightly so, that I could enjoy it and I am extremely sensitive to hot spice.  Veggie dish of green beans and eggplant had a delicious sauce, as did tender pork with pancakes. The pancakes are really sliced steamed buns, enough for a first taste of the pork. The rest of this dish is great with the veggies and rice. The shrimp with goji berries are delicate and yummy, but dear husband had most of them. At this writing, six meaty soup dumpling are a complementary appetizer with a $30 order.  I am not usually in this neighbourhood, but I recommend this restaurant and would gladly eat here again.
This restaurant is one of the best chines restaurant in NY the food is excelent the place is clean and Michael the water is very nice and helpful in recommending dishes ,in general we have a very good chines food in reasonable price
Ordered Spicy Beef Noodles (forgot the name though) and it tastes great! But the services are terrible! We ASKED FOR Lunch Special Menu! They didn't seem to offer us lunch choices! What's more, my noodles were not served until my friend had almost finished her noodles! All the pros of the noodles were counteracted by their ridiculous services!
Very disappointed. Craving for Shanghainese food so I came again. They must have a new chef. Same menu but the taste is totally different. Ordered basil eggplant, was charged with basil eggplant but no basil. Ordered grandma's braised pork belly. Served barely warm, the fatty part was all white and not translucent.
Just finished a fantastic meal. Dim sum is great and the Szechuan dishes authentic and delicious. And the staff are very attentive and are more than happy to give recommendations of their favourite dishes. Will definitely be back.
A very nice stop for Chinese cuisine! Newly opened but very experienced chefs who make great Shanghai and Sichuan dishes.
Super authentic food, feel like back to Shanghai! Great service as well. They serve traditional Shanghainese dishes that is very rare to find in Manhattan, will definitely come back again!
Sweet stick rice bowl is really really nice. Good environment, good service, good dishes, good desserts, good bosses. High recommendations!
Very great experience! Good taste of Shanghai food. Service and environment are also prettry good.
A cozy place to have lunch in the busy midtown. Food here is gorgeous. The Dong Po pork belly is sweet and tender. The texture of this dish is muck like jelly, very special.
It's my first time but not last time to there. Recommend this restaurant strongly! I love food there, especially spicy shrimp pot!
Since I recently discovered this great authentic Chinese restaurant, I cannot help thinking about visiting it again. Not only does it provide tasty Shanghai food, it also has superb service. Highly recommend!
Love this place! They had a bunch of great discounts since they only opened a month ago. Definitely worth checking out!
looks like a good restaurant the fried rice is good and also the soup. but as a new open restaurant many aspects need to change. hope be better
Great location! Clean and spacious! The food is authentic and delicious, and I will sure come back again.
Very fresh and tasty food.  The crispy sweet and sour fish was delish!  The service was friendly and attentive.  Yummy!
Great service! Food was out of this world great. I had mapo tofu and it was amazing. We're heading there now for seconds!
Recommended by a friend and took another friend there for lunch. The staff there were nice while the Shanghainese food wasn't as good as expected. A little bit disappointed.
Great new spot for Chinese food.  Soupy dumplings are awesome.  Try wonton in spicy sauce and Black fungus  (Chinese mushrooms ) in homemade sauce. All the dishes were very delicious.
This is a restaurant that I want to go next time.I can eat the egg dumplings and the juicy dumplings in this restaurant.There are many kinds of soups in this restaurant,which is tasty.I also love the sugar fish.
Not impressed at all.  Lots of commercials but it disappointed us.  The portion is tiny, taste is mediocre at the best, service is not attentive.  We had to ask several people to get glasses refilled.  They sent us the wrong dish, and then we had to remind them of a few dishes we ordered but never came.  The server came back a few times to confirm the order... Appetizers came at the end of the meal.  Even with the discount, it is still more expensive than other places.  My suggestion is to do yourself a favor and choose a different Chinese restaurant.  There are plenty of others.
Very nice Shanghai food. Recommend eel in Ringing oil, Fried rice cake and shrimps covered with Salted Egg Yolk
