Fantastic service, incredible food. I've eatenA lot of Indian food over the years and everything here was top notch, especially the chicken tikka masala and the say paneer.
What a fabulous experience! The service was stellar; we didn't want for anything. They were so attentive we felt like the only customer. We ordered the chicken vindaloo and curry paneer, spice level 7. The food was so delicious we can wait to come back. We did not order dessert but they brought us an orange ice cream and it was a wonderful, light finish to the meal. The prices are so reasonable for the area. We recommend the restaurant any time you are craving Indian food.
I am so confused about this place.. whether to call it good and rare it well or be honest..I must start with the service.. Always great. Been here three times now and they don't disappoint. The place and the decor feels warm and welcoming especially in the evening.. When it comes to food though.. it's a touch and go. The names of the dishes may wow you but the food lacks the punch and the amazing taste that is a given when doing and Indian meal.. everything is reduced in tempo which takes away its originality. I believe New Yorkers have started adapting to different tastes and it's important to present an authentic part of your country to them rather than sweeten out the spice or cut it out all together.. all in all very disappointed with the food.. wouldn't be returning!
Awesome Food Perfect ...Blend of Spicies , everything was just perfect.Try their creative Orange Kulfi..... 10/10Will definitely recommend  anyone to visit them at earliest .....Best Food Worth Money Spent....Good AmbienceGood HospitalityFriendly Gopal And his entire team.RegardsVivek
Love love love!!! Food was amazing! Service on point, friendly staff. Can't say enough great things about this place.  Must check out if you're in NYC !!!!
First, the place is very a small, cute, and well appointed with atmosphere lighting and authentic decor. We don't eat gluten, dairy, or grains, but the owner assured us that he would take care of us. He selected one chicken dish and one shrimp dish, both with veggies, for my brother and I to split. The red shrimp curry was outstanding, perfectly spicy and thick, and very tasty. The chicken dish, which I don't know the name of, was also spectacular. The service was wonderful and it was very nice for the owner to be so attentive to our dietary needs. I highly recommend this place and we will be going back the next time we are in the city.Our experience was so good that we came back the next day with the entire family. Again, the owner there was extremely attentive, and personally ensured that we had food to meet our dietary needs of no dairy and no grains. Red shrimp curry outstanding!!
I ordered korma with medium spice for takeout. It was watery and completely flavorless. The naan was very good though.
Good food! The chicken tikka masala and garlic naan were great. I noticed the rice was more fluffy and not dry like other places. It was a cozy restaurant with indian music videos playing in the background; They were pretty sensual, so probably not kid friendly. Good service. They neatly packed my leftovers with great care. Good experience.
Bombay Grill House is my new go-to Indian restaurant in Hell's Kitchen. The service and ambience are excellent as is the food! I have tried various curries of varying degrees of heat from mild to "Indian" hot and all have been superb but honestly my favorite dish is their Tandoori Chicken which has been universally first class. I also love the breads especially the Onion Kulcha! This Hell's Kitchen gem of a restaurant is definitely worth a visit IMO.
3.5 star food, rounding up the rating for nice decor and good service.Got the saag paneer and garlic naan; the paneer was good and both the saag and naan had nice texture. However, the flavor of spinach didn't come through in the saag and the garlic flavor didn't come through in the garlic naan.It's not bad, but I won't be back.
Sabina, our server was outstanding and anticipated our every want.  This was only our second time having Indian food and she had excellent suggestions and knew just the right amount of spice to order for us. Can't say enough about this place and both of the servers made our experience a memorable one.  We live in San Diego and look forward to coming back in the not too distant future.
We been Bombay grill lunch was awesome meal and best price ... 50 % off best deal on town .. well organized table full meal table out its winderful
Worth every penny, tasty food, excellent customer service, try their Dal Makhni aka lentil butter and Panner starters.
After a week in New York, finally I found a good restaurant with a human touch: great service, friendly, and very hospitable.The foods were excellent and the owner is terrific.Definitely I will come again if I get a chance.
I'm definitely giving this place an A for effort. I love Indian food and decided to give this place a shot last night, after checking it out on Yelp. Some of the reviews were dubious, but I was like, ehhh what the Hell? They had a pretty awesome dinner special until 10pm! Not an early bird special by any means. $17 gets you...*Choose one*1) beer/wine/soda/mango lassi2) meat or vegetable samosa3) chicken, paneer or lamb entree, prepared in numerous ways eg korma, tikka masala etc3a) entrees come with rice and a salad(See photos)4) roti or naanWe ordered a delicious chic pea appetizer that came with a soft bread, unlike the naan or roti. Everything was pretty awesome especially the 25% discount for checking in. The service was attentive and professional. I LOVED the sauces on the table. Fun! The glass of wine was a generous pour.I wish the following things were slightly different:1) can you please put on some music? Any music.2) the bread was a little too crunchy. I love a soft, fresh roti.3) the waiter/manager(?)Should have given us the dinner special menus right away with the regular menus. I shouldn't have had to ask for it***Pretty decent Indian food and great service in HK. Not bad all all.
My order was fairly basic... Dal tadka and rice.  I didn't realize the dal included rice so had loads extra.  Oh well.  Food was tasty and the spice level right.  I'll return.
Good food good service good value You n 9 th ave they know what they are doingOwner Gopal is very welcoming
Polite and attentive service, good food. Even through the place has a rating of A from the health department, it did not give me the impress of being very clean. Covered in plastic menus were oily, so was our table top, plates and a bottle of sauce we had on our table. I took one star off for that. Otherwise, the food was good. Portions are of a decent size and are accompanied by delicious rice and fresh salad. Ambiance was nice as well.
5 stars. Walked past this place and noticed their $15.95 delivery or take out special so we tried it out. We ordered there and while waiting, chatted with the owner who gave us a Kingfisher beer to taste while waiting. Yum! It took about 10 minutes on Saturday night. Small place but normal for NYC and definitely cozy! I'll be back to sit in. The special comes with an appetizer, entree, rice, naan, and sauces. I had the navrantan korma. Really good but I needed a tad bit of salt. Boyfriend had chicken pista korma and enjoyed it. Rice and naan was delicious. Papri chaat was amazing! We enjoyed the samosas too! Raita was a little sweet for my taste. I can't wait to try more meals here! Went back for the lunch special. 50% off the entire menu if you done in. Wonderful service. Always kept the water filled. We loved every meal. Papri chaat is amazing and boyfriend loved the chicken tikka masala. 5 stars!
This is the BEST Indian cuisine I have ever tasted. The curry coconut chicken is awesome and the Rogan Josh lamb was fabulous. Service is a star also.  You should definitely try it.
I came here for my boyfriend's birthday and it was lovely! The staff were attentive but not pushy and the food came quickly (although we went before the dinner rush). He had the lamb curry and loved it! We both loved the Naan Bread. I had the chicken biryani. I asked for mild and my boyfriend said he didn't think it was spicy but I couldn't eat it without dousing it in yogurt. The quality was excellent I'm just super not able to eat spicy food. So just a warning to anyone else who doesn't tolerate spice. Still super good and would go again!
Amazing food! Wonderful service and a cozy atmosphere. I got the chicken tikka masala and my husband got the chicken vindaloo - both very delicious and filling.
So my boyfriend and I order the murgh makhani about once a week from here and it is one of our absolute favorites! Normally we get delivery but I decided to pick up tonight and it's actually really nice inside - not to mention everyone there was incredibly welcoming while I was waiting for my food. The naan is delicious and pillowy, the rice is perfectly aromatic, and the makhani sauce is divine. I could write a love song about this meal. One day I will try other menu items, but for now am sticking with my favorites!
Great food and amazing service! The staff goes out of their way to make sure you are taken care of. And with the food they serve, it is impossible not to be content. Amazing mix of spices, great and soft garlic nan, and all the papadums you could ask for. Not a pricey spot, and well worth the money. I had a chicken and coconut dish, and the portion was more than generous. I would highly recommend the shrimp piri piri as a starter, or even give the fish courses a try. Ask for the raita on the side, as they are not shy to make your meal a hot one (a great plus in my book)!We got a complimentary homemade mango ice cream, and it was the perfect end to a great meal. I would definitely come back!
Always a perfect meal. The owner really cares and it shows. Friendly staff awesome food great selection of French wines, I mean what else could you ask for?
Must try paneer khurchan and dal tadka,it tastes like actual Indian food and not typical curries which we get in Manhattan.Great Ambience and friendly staff.
I usually don't write reviews for resturants that are just decent/good but I just had to for bombay grill house because their service is beyond amazing!!! First off, their menu is 50% off so it's one of the most affordable options in this area! Secondly, they really know how to make a customer feel appreciated!! I came with two coworkers who ordered the prix fixe (lassi, appetitizer, and entree which I believe comes with rice or Naan for 14$) I ordered the taandoori chicken off their regular menu (it was juicy!!) and they gave me a mango lassi along with my order. We were already stuffed to the brim but to our surprise, they provided us with rice pudding for dessert on the house! Everyone enjoyed their meal and had the rest to go.And when I got back to the office, I was pleasantly surprised that they included not only the malasa sauce, they gave me an extra side of rice! (My dish didn't come with rice) and all neatly individually packaged.This service really can't be beat. 5 stars!
We had dinner late in the night at this place and we loved the experience. The service was way beyond amazing. All the servers and the manager attended to our table several times.We ordered Paneer Makhni and Chicken Chettinad, and purposely asked them to make it spicy as per google reviews claiming that the food tends to be underseasoned. It was a very good decision and i would suggest same to everyone. I suggest the Laccha parantha over plain naan. The complimentary rice were prepared with peas, cardamom and tasted nice, not many places ask for a refill, but our server asked us couple times.Love the choice of music in the background. While the food was 4 on 5, but just by the service delivery, i am happy to give this place a 5 star rating.
I don't know how this place has 4 stars. The food was ridiculously bland. Less spicy I would have understood but there was no salt in the food. Even my toddler hated it, that's how bad it was. If you are looking for good Indian food around Times Square stay away from this place.
This is one of my favorite restaurant in the city. People were so friendly and enjoyed the food and wine
I personally did not like the veg lunch box, salt was less and they have thrown frozen vegetables in a curry, which is not even cooked properly. I am not planning to go here again, i guess now i know why this place was empty during lunch time.
My sister and I came here for dinner and it was okay. They serve you some sort of cracker with three different sauces. They weren't explained to us what they were, but each had its own distinct flavor. We then ordered the chicken mulligatawny soup and it was really disappointing. Totally bland except for the fact that it had a bunch of turmeric in it. I wish it had some pepper or SOMETHING to put some kick into it. My sister got the Chana masala and she noted that the medium spice was perfect for her. I got the chicken tikka masala and it was also delicious. The chicken was tender and beautifully flavored.
We ordered their malai kofta and chicken vindalooWe asked for spicy but it was not spicy at allThey took it back and made it spicy but it still didn't taste right, there was some weird coconutty after taste
This is the first time I am giving a 5star review for an Indian restaurant. This is because I tried out this restaurant a bunch of times and have tasted almost half the menu. I was really impressed with the authenticity of their signature appetizers and they tasted very much like how it would in any restaurant in India. Big fan of their chicken Tikka and biriyanis. And last but not least, Mr. Gopal, who runs the show, is one hell of a person. He is very warm, inviting and most of all super fun with everyone. Keep it up! And I will keep coming!
I ordered the delivery special for dinner which seemed like a great deal: naan or roti, appetizer, and entree for $15.95. Delivery was fast, food was still hot but the taste of the items I ordered was terribly sweet. The yogurt sauce and paneer tikka masala tasted like they added way too much sugar. The paneer was also rubbery and bland. Samosa and naan were the only items I could finish eating. It's highly likely I won't order from here again.
got carry out from here. The staff are super friendly and nice and the food is delicious
Food:A+ Service: A+ Price: A+ Our server was very friendly and made sure we had everything we needed, that we were comfortable, and that we felt welcome. They are running a promo for the new menu that can't be beaten on weeks days during lunch hours! The naan was great, the Ragaraa was AMAZING, the Masala Walla lamb hit the spot! EAT HERE!!
I tend to agree with most of the reviews here. This isn't the "best" Indian food I've had, but it's fine. Had a samosa and poori to start. Garlic naan was ok but a bit dry. Matar paneer was ok but a little tasteless. The Tikka masala was definitely great and perhaps their speciality. The service was definitely attentive. I'm just not sure if I loved it enough to come back with other options so close by..
Zesty Flavors and distinguishing aroma Chicken Chettinad   Tandoori Chickenwell spiced and marinated Awesome.
This food was SO good and the service was even better! My friend and I ordered a bunch of delicious food and it was all 50% off ! They are currently running this special for their new menu and it was INCREDIBLE. Seriously, if you're in the area please go, it was a great time and really good food. Highly recommend.
Got the takeaway lunch specialPros: big portions, hot fresh naan, good tasty foodCons: the food came in a portioned container, and the curry had sloshed all over the rest of the platter, making it a big mess so it was a bit unappealing. would have liked some pickle or onion and some form of appetizer to go with the meal!
I LOVED the Chicken Vindaloo. Great friendly staff. Wonderful experience overall.My entire family loves Indian food, and can be very hard to please. We almost didn't eat here tonight, but decided to on a whim, and were instantly satisfied. Our cauliflower appetizer was incredibly tasty, the lassi was very good, and everyone loved their main dish (mom had lamb rogan josh, brother had chicken malai). What really impressed me was the amount of meat you get with your main course. Several other Indian restaurants I've been to give less meat, especially when it's lamb or goat, but not here. You definitely get your money's worth, and the very warm and friendly staff ensure you have a pleasant experience. Don't pass it up!
HIGH RECOMMENDATION!! My family is only staying in New York for six days, and while here, we wanted to try a variety of restaurants. My family and I loved the Bombay Grill so much that we came here multiple times. Everything was excellent. The chicken tikka masala was my favorite, but the veg. samosas, saag paneer, veg curry, naan, and chicken tikka were all wonderful. Some of the best Indian food I've tried. Highly recommended.
This place is amazing!!!! Delicious Indian food and very friendly people. I'm glad we came here. Defiantly recommend this place!!! Yuuuummmmyyyyy
My wife and I stumbled upon this charming little Indian Restaurant in the middle of a torrential downpour.  Bombay Grill House warmed our chilled bones with their hospitality and food.  The fresh baked Naan was wonderful!  As my wife is vegetarian we really appreciated the many vegetarian options. We had the Dal Tadka and Navratan Korma. Both were excellent. This place is well worth the relatively short walk from Times Square - even in a downpour.
I've been coming here for some time and the food is  always very good, Along with the service I don't have much to say except that for the lunch special they should reinstate the free glass of wine with your meal... It's always quiet and I love that. Not sure of later in the day but if you're out and about during the weekday and need an Indian food fix, this is the place to be.
Friendly, attentive staff. Clean, calm dining room. The food was yummy. The salmon tikka appetizer was a standout for us- a beautiful portion of salmon spiced and cooked perfectly. Lamb Vindaloo and Vegetable Curry entrees were solid and comforting. Round things out with some fresh garlic na'an and you're gonna have a good time. The owner was a gregarious and good-humored sort who came to check on us and chit chat for a bit- the dedication to his business and his customers is clear!
We've traveled extensively and have even been to India!  This is the place you want to go!  You won't regret it.
Amazing service, the waiter Gopal is an amazing man. The food and the service is wonderful. I used my check in coupon for the free dessert with entrees. Gopal is serious about customer appreciation and just loves making people smile he says! Loved it! I got the vegetable korma! The vegetable pakora appetizer was very good too!
Best Indian food in Manhattan ! Very authentic taste . High quality yet very well priced. The staff and team is very hospitable and kind. Two thumbs up !
Excellent Indian food with friendly, attentive service! Owner Pathan treated us very well. Dishes were fresh, spiced well and very good portions. Highly recommend for lunch and dinner.
Really good place with great indian food! We had the chicken korma and chicken tikka masala, and they were really tasty. Had the food delivered home and it took about 25-30 minutes from when we placed the order. Consider this to be really fast, outstanding service!  Definitely recommend this place!
Last week I ordered a rather large lunch from Bombay Grill for my team at work. The food arrived promptly, was neatly packaged, and delicious. The restaurant manager stopped by to make sure everything went properly with the delivery and threw in a few complimentary dishes - the extra effort was appreciated by me, and my staff loved the food. We will definitely be ordering again!
Excellent service, excellent food! Definitely recommend the tandoor platter with onions and chilies.
Stumbled in with my friend from Seattle who was visiting NYC for the first time and wow did this place surprise me. First, as we were deciding between this place and the Mexican restaurant next door, the friendly waiter sweeping outside of the store front welcomed us to try them instead. As we walked in we were welcomed to great ambience and incredibly friendly service. We ordered the samosas (easily the best I've had and I live near Curry Hill) Lamb Madras, Curry Goat, and Chicken Tikka Masala--portions were huge we couldn't even finish it. Everything was delicious, but the curry goat was easily my favorite.The same friendly waiter then gave us a complimentary dessert, the Orange Kulfi which was so sweet (and sweet!!)For someone who doesn't normally like Indian food, this was a great dinner--
Not a very good experience. Ordered vegetarian dishes and turns out there was no salt at all and they were all raw. Thought I'll order a spicy paneer curry and to my surprise there was no gravy. Just chilies, peppers, paneer and lot of spice with no salt yet again. Butter naan seemed to be dipped into butter and given out to be served!! I felt water was the only tasty thing you could get at this restaurant!Reply to the comment by basudeb s: good work on the sarcasm. But my salt buds are very fine . I guess you haven't eaten your own restaurants food and that's why you feel you add good salt. Also, just because of the salt that was on the table, I gave you one star, or else I would have. In general restaurant menus, curry must contain gravy without specifying. And I am by birth an Indian and hence had the balls and the courage to write about the Indian food you've served! And you're welcome with tasty water!
The service was friendly and prompt and the food was great: naan was warm and good, eggplant and coconut sauce was excellent, and the chicken tikka masala was the best I've ever had. If you're in the area, best choice for a good restaurant- whether pure looking for Indian or not.
This restaurant used to be Bombay Indian Cuisine. It is now under new management by Raj Shaha and renamed to Bombay Grill House. At the Bombay Grill House, I had their delicious Tandoori chicken and their popular coffee. Their use of turmeric (one of the main components of curry powder that detox the liver) reminded me of the authentic Indian cuisine I had in Singapore's Little India. I spoke with the chef who prepared my food, Ramesh J. Gomes, and found out he has over 30 years of experience in Italy, London, Dubai, Saudi Arabia, etc. Of those 30 years, 5 of them were in Bombay! Bombay Grill House is a great place to come for your first taste of Bombay in Hell's Kitchen.My trip to Singapore's Little India: youtube.com/watch?v=9vjY…
Really delicious. Tikka masala is really good and their rice is good! I will definitely return!
This was our first time at Bombay Grill but we Erik definitely be back.  They are an intimate restaurant with a sweet dining room.  Our food was excellent and very authentic. The waitstaff was wonderful.  This place was perfect for before theater but would also make a great date night.
I had to come over to Yelp to put up a review of Bombay. I ordered food via Seamless last week - the Chicken Tikka Masala lunch box - and was disappointed in the flavor of the sauce and the texture of the rice. I wrote a low-star review on Seamless, and within 1-2 days, received a personal call from the owner, apologizing and saying he wanted to send me some better food, on him, so I could have a better sense of the restaurant. He followed up 3x to make sure I would take him up on the offer, and today I did. The food arrived promptly, and was MUCH better. The rice was moist, the sauce flavorful, and the naan delicious. I am giving them four stars, not only because it was good, but because I have to give a tremendous shout out to such a lovely and dedicated owner.
Very cute and cozy restaurant in Hell's Kitchen. We had veggie samosas, yellow lentil dal and mutter paneer. We were told that medium spicy was extremely spicy, so we ordered mild  The food was pretty good, but mild spice means that it lacks any spice. Fortunately, a spicy pepper sauce was served with the samosas, so I used it to spice up my other dishes.There were only two other people visiting the restaurant, but our drink order wasn't taken for about 15 minutes after we were seated.   Once we placed our order, our food was delivered quickly.
Awesome lunch for $10 a plate. Huge portion of chicken or lamb, rice and side. Large piece if naan bread as well. I'll definitely go back.
Just had dinner here and it was the best way to end our trip. The food and service was phenomenal! We were well taken care of from start to finish. Before we could order we were given tasty papadams to snack on. We ordered the vegetable samosas to start and they came out quickly and tasted great. The lamb vindaloo was tangy and just the right amount of spice. The chicken tikka masala was creamy and on point. Chicken biryani was tomato based and cooked to perfection. I ordered the garlic naan which was crispy on the outside and perfectly cooked. My husband got the onion kulcha which was soft and full of flavor. Just when we thought we couldn't eat anymore the owner provided us a small serving of rice pudding and port on the house which was to die for! I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant and highly recommend it to anyone local or visiting.
I have been here at this beautiful cozy restaurant 3 times, the first time I was impressed with the tasty homemade like delicious food, the second time I brought my best friends who visited from Chicago and they were also impress with the customer service and the menu!! Overall I highly recommend this restaurant, ranges of prices are realistic, the food it's Impressively tasting!! The people there are fantastic and friendly.. the manager treated us the dessert!!! Please come here and experience how great place this is!!!! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!
Loved this place! Came in with a groupon for an appetizer, a naan, two entrees and two beers. It was such an amazing deal. We got the chicken pakora appetizer, chicken tikka masala, mango chicken, and chicken tikka stuffed naan. Everything was awesome! The owner was super nice- it was like eating at his house. Will definitely come back all the time!
We had a delicious dinner here last night! The food was excellent and the service was extremely friendly. At the end of our dinner the owner unexpectedly brought over orange ice cream that he had made himself earlier that day. I will definitely return!
.....better than expected service, foods and price in Indian cuisine restaurant!!Loved it...... Will be visiting again,,,
A new favorite in HK. The place just reopened under new management a week ago, I imagine with a renovation and new menu as well. The service was top-notch, and I was greeted while I was reading the menu outside. Drawn in by the 50% off lunch special, it took me a solid 5 minutes to make up my mind on a meal. The menu is comprehensive.  While I considered an employee showed me to a seat, and gave me water and a complimentary mango lassi (super good). The 50% off deal for lunch is a steal, but is dine-in only. I got take-out, and the deal was just as good. I ordered the Chicken Kori Gassi lunch box--$9 for the entree, naan, rice, and the vegetable of the day (a just-spiced chickpea and spinach side). Food came out quickly, was very delicious, and was a big portion for lunch. Conclusion: fantastic Indian food, five star service, and a warm, comfortable dining room. Check it out!
Delicious briyani! Good place to go after watching a broadway show or volunteering at Encore.
Shocked at the reviews on this place, this was by far the best Indian food I've ever had. I came with a friend and we used a groupon that gave us an appetizer to split, naan, two entrees, and a glass of either wine or beer. The food was to die for - I got the lamb curry for my main and it was out of this world. The chicken sheekh kababs for our app were on point. And for anything it's worth, the garlic naan was not too garlicky. Also, I haven't been to too many Indian restaurants so this may be a "thing" but the fact that our table had a giant bottle of white sauce for our limitless self-indulgence was perhaps the best part.
I ordered delivery last night and was quoted 45 minutes but food got to my place in 25. Chicken tikka masala was delicious, hot, and fresh. Medium spicy was spot on - not too much not too little. Garlic naan was huge and warm but could use some more garlic, or maybe I just love garlic and always want more. Bombtastic.
Very friendly and attentive staff.  I think our water was filled ten times. Oh... the food was very good too!
Lovely food. We had the chicken korma and chicken vindaloo with rice pudding after. Very good attentive serv
Very disappointed when we called to plan a visit again and were told they will not accept our Groupon that we purchased in December. Groupons are good for three months so it hasn't expired yet however the owner will not accept it. Even if they don't want to sell them anymore there is an ethic behind honoring the ones they already sold. They offered us a little discount off the bill if we go but it's not the same as the Groupon. Not sure we will go back just because of this. I hope they feel this is worth loosing a customer. Food is great so this is too bad. Now I have to see what Groupon will do. Original review from November 2016:We went there last night with a Groupon and are very happy with the experience. We got there a little after 6:30pm and there were quite a few customers already. My husband asked if we could have a seat further back from the entrance and they nicely accommodated and gave us a table for four even though it was just two of us. That was kind because it was peak dining time and every other table was full. The Groupon included one appetizer, one bread order, 2 entrees and 2 beers (they let me substitute with a glass of wine).  When we first sat down we were brought crispy flatbread with two different sauces to dip. Very tasty start to our meal. I was coughing a lot and the woman was so nice to offer warm water and lemon which helped to calm my cough. I'm not familiar with Indian food and they took the time to explain and recommend dishes. We ended up going with the Ragaraa appetizer and it didn't disappoint. There was a chickpea in sauce mixture along with the soft potato patties and the flavors complimented each other well. The dish was a little spicy but in a good way. It was tolerable and I'm not a fan of spicy. My husband likes spicy food and he felt like it was the perfect amount of heat. For the main dishes we ordered chicken Pistha Korma and Chicken Tikka Masala. Both were so different but amazing. Nice chunks of white meat chicken in creamy and savory sauces. Plenty of sauce to pour over the rice and dip the garlic naan in. Couldn't get enough of the sauce!When they first brought us the main dishes they were the wrong ones. It didn't take too long before they brought out the correct ones. They automatically gave us a new bowl of rice and another order of naan so it was fresh. The naan was soft and tasty. We left pretty full from the amount of food we had and also had left over to bring home. Service and food are amazing so you can't go wrong. Thinking about getting another Groupon. If we lived close by I think we would be regulars.
Great food, really friendly service! The naan is really great, as is the rice pudding! Yum!
Kind of shitty.   Chicken tikka a little rough.  Not much spice in other dishes.   Saag paneer was decent
Delicious food and good service. We had tea and hot pakoras on a rainy day. Everything was prepared fresh
Not a bad restaurant for Indian food if that's what you're craving. However, it's really nothing spectacular either. I ordered from their dinner special section. For $16.95 you get to choose a drink (beer, soda, or lassi), vegetable or meat samosas, an entree, and naan or roti. Samosas were okay, I really liked the sauces that came with them! My friend tried their mango lassi drink but wasn't too impressed by it. As for their entrees, I ordered the chicken tikka masala and asked for it to be medium in terms of spiciness level. But when it came, it wasn't spicy at all...so I guess if you want that kick, go with spicy lol. The naan was pretty good, they give you a really large portion. It seems like a nice family owned restaurant but it really doesn't cut it for me especially since it's located in the city. There are many more places nearby that serve better food. Also service was a bit slow and we had to ask for the dinner menu after we were seated. They initially gave us a card with a list appetizers but I mean I'd assume a customer would be there for dinner if they came during dinner time. I shouldn't have to ask a waiter to see the full menu :/Overall, it was alright but I would've been more inclined to go to the other restaurants nearby if they weren't so crowded...
Amazing food and excellent service! Waitress was simply superb in understanding customer needs.
I ordered from here off of seamless.com and the food was SO, SO good, I couldn't believe it. Such great Chicken Tikka Masala...perfectly spicy, and great Kashmiri Naan (that I'm saving much of for breakfast tomorrow morning), and a sweet and tasty mango smoothie. I've been so pleasantly surprised tonight, it's crazy.
Good food and very friendly staff! We had malai kofta and lamb vindaloo. The lamb was soft and still had great flavor. The malai kofta was creamy and tasty as well. I'd prefer the veggie balls within to be more solid but still they were very flavorful. We also got naan on the side and it was warm, soft, and delicious. Lastly for the drinks, the merlot the waitress recommended was smooth but plain. Overall four starts and will come back if I'm in the neighborhood.
Best Naan in NY. Crispy and fluffy. This place is top notch. Good service. Nice atmosphere.
New Chef ? New Menu ? not sure what went wrong here, Unlike most here reviewing. I have lived in Hell's Kitchen my whole entire life, and have eaten here many many times throughout the years. and was one of my favorite places to eat. I went to eat here last week, and as always was greeted nicely by the Owner/Manager ? not sure what he is but he is always there. anyway I looked at the new menu, and prices went up ! (guess the new makeover cost too much) and many of the good things on the menu were taken off, Including the meat samosas.I went with the Onion fritters, as an app, the naan bread with coconut and cheese, and the tandoori chicken. the fritters were horrible, tasted old and stale and were soaked in old burnt oil. could only eat 1 out of the 4 that came with the serving. next came the naan bread, the last time I ordered it couple weeks ago it had to be one of the best I have ever had, it had so much fresh coconut and cheese that I dreamed about it ever since I finished my last bite. this time not so much. the bread didn't have any coconut at all and no cheese what so ever, the entire thing was dry and not very good, but was the only edible thing I ordered that night, next came the tandoori chicken, it looked soo good...........till I cut into it and it was frozen. yes, you read that right, frozen had to send it back when it came out the kitchen 15 mins later you can tell it was reheated in a microwave. and tasted like.... old microwaved chicken. Screw this place, will never ever ever go back again
Food wasn't very good (I ordered a paneer makhani that was markedly different from any paneer makhani I've ever had elsewhere--more like ketchup than anything else) and it took us more than 45 minutes to get our food. They said it was because the orders all go in at once, but this was also much slower than other Indian restaurants I've been to. Although slow, service was very polite.
Wonderful little restaurant in Hell's Kitchen.  They are a little dickish with their Groupons but the food is amazing, they have a great selection and we had a great time here.  Loved the intimacy of this place; perfect place to take a significant other.  I managed to find things here I liked that weren't too spicy for me.  I'd return and I'm pretty sure the person who dined with me would as well.
After a trip to London, I came back craving good Indian food. So, I was happy to find this place right in HK. When I came here for dinner, the place was nice and quiet (which is hard to come by in this neighborhood). I ordered naan, rogan josh, Tandoori chicken, and mango lassi -- all of it was flavorful and delicious. Plus, the entire staff was warm and friendly, which always goes a long way. Overall, I'll definitely be back and I hope you give this place a shot!
This is my most favorite Indian curry restaurant. Great service, great meals and very clean cute place. Price also very decent. I really recommend this place if you are looking for curry place in Midtown!
Gopal. You the man. Keep that 15.95 delivery option going and keep making friends. This is the go to  cheap easy and delicious Indian restaurant of Hell's Kitchen you are looking for.
Visiting from Amsterdam and have been looking for some nice and tasteful desi food! Loved  everything we ordered. THE Thali is definitely something to try out. Everything tastes very good. Came here for the first time three years ago. Will definitely come back on my next visit to NewYork! (And its Halal)
Great service and tasted much better than a lot of Indian restaurant food that I've had. They give one dessert for ordering a meal, which was a bonus. Definitely recommend the dal makhni because it is not too spicy and perfectly flavorful
I've lived in Hell's kitchen for about 4 years and have been disappointed by the Indian food available in the area until this place! Great food and great service!
Just had lunch with my wife there this afternoon and I cannot say enough great things about this place. The food was amazing, the staff went above and beyond, the restaurant was spotless, and the prices are great!  We live in the neighborhood and this will now be a weekly stop for us!
Didn't get to taste the food. Had to leave because there was NO AIR CONDITIONING on a hot day in NY. Sorry, but this is a deal breaker.
We came in late after a broadway show to eat with friends to celebrate two birthdays. The owner treated us like royalty and we had a blast.  The food was also delicious.  Would highly recommend:)
Highly recommended Indian resturant, friendly environment including owner, awesome food ..
Perfect, pre-theater location! Used a Groupon coupon I received for my birthday that included an appetizer, 2 entrees, drinks, great deal  food!
We love Indian food and were visiting from L.A., looking for a comfortable place to get something to eat before catching a B'way play. Bombay Grill House surpassed our needs - sensational food and excellent service! The prices are very reasonable, especially considering you get five star flavor! The interior is humble but beautiful and serene. WE absolutely recommend this outstanding restaurant and hope to go back again before we head west.
Fresh, healthy ingredients. I am not an passionate reviewer so this may seem rather pithy but I must put this in as i was twice satisfied but his place. i like chicken so i had two different curries. I also like vegetables so i had the okra, eggplant and another mixed vegetable curry. All were good. I don't eat carbs so i skipped the rice (sorry can't tell you if it was any good). The service is good. They are attentive. Oh, and not expensive: $30 per person and you eat very well.I will be going back.
Very bad food and service. We were visiting from out of town and wanted to grab a quick snack in between lunch and dinner. They had a menu outside the door that suggested they had Kathi rolls. So we ordered those. The server said they can't make those because it's only for take out. We ordered Hakka noodles for the kids and they used pad Thai type rice noodles to make those and had peas, cauliflower in it. Something I have never seen before in Indian Chinese Hakka noodles. The owner seemed to be settling his accounts so loud with his workers sitting at the entrance. Overall just a poorly run place. Food below average.
Probably the WORST butter chicken I've ever had... In my life. I'm surprised, as I have ordered before and the sauce has always been creamy. My meal tasted like someone watered the sauce down to a broth-consistency. Gross and super cheap move!
very well spiced and authentic food. very great food and excellent service. strongly recommended. descent wine selection and basic Indian beers. its rocks
The food is delicious, the service was attentive and good recommendations , we will definitely be back
The food is splendid, we had the garlic chicken, fish soup, Bombay platter and alu naan. The service is friendly and fast.Tashi was a great host. Looking forward to come back.
Food was bland and flavorless.   The biryani was just plain awful..  Don't waste your money here.
The food seamed fresh. It wasn't good though. Go somewhere else. 2 stars because it was fresh tasting and BAD service. I would have given it more stars if the service was decent. Meh! Not a happy patron.
I ordered take out here. I LOVE indian food and eat it all of the time. This place is way more expensive than most of the others in the area. I ordered a paneer dish Medium-they did not make it medium, the paneer tasted old-or pre-made. The cubes were small and chewy, almost like they'd been cooked for too long or heated for too long. The rice sucked--super watery and without flavor. I will not be eating here again. I will give it the benefit of the doubt and say maybe their meat dishes are better? Doesn't seem worth the raised prices. Oh, and don't expect little sauces without paying extra. Most places give them for free.
Absolutely amazing! I've had a lot of Indian food and this place was definitely among the top.  Everything was made fresh.  The onion bhajis were amazing!  I wish there was one back home.  Highly recommend!
