Indian cuisine was definitely missing on Washington St, Hoboken. Lovely people and well- balanced spicy Indian food. Try out platters - Veg or Non-veg and you will not be disappointed. My personal favorite is Chicken Shami Kebab. Feels good to visit a restaurant with warmly smiling faces! Will definitely visit again!!
Loved the Chicken Tikkka Kathis roll! Breads are healthy and home made
Yes! Finally some good quality Indian food in the area. Ordered for takeout - speedy service and food was delicious. I got the bhel puri & shami kebab roll  - neither disappointed. It's not your typical Indian restaurant with a vast menu, but with food this close to authentic, I love it.
Really great food! I ordered the chicken tikka masala Kati roll and the papri chaat and they went really great together. This is a great place to go for a quick lunch and it's also very affordable. Will definitely be going back!
Great Dahi puri! Definitely the best I have had in the NYC-JC area. I am going to be back for more soon! We ordered dahi puri and chicken tikka masala platters. The chicken tikka masala was great--definitely not your run off the mill orange curry. Loved the experience.
I love this place. The food is great. I have some particular allergies and they took the time to explain what was in the dishes and give me a taste to make sure I loved it. Great addition to Hoboken!
I am from Delhi region and I was really wanting to try some food here. But found it to be just average. I tried Papri Chaat, Unda Bhurji and Vegetable Kebab roll.  Service was slow and i wasn't told how long will it take to prepare my order. My order came in two parts. People behind me in the line got their order before me even when they ordered the same food. The rolls seem to be made of frozen rotis. Filling was bland and not seasoned well. Overall an average experience both in terms of taste and service.
Best vegetable samosas I have had since I lived in New Delhi!  Saag paneer was fresh and delicious!  So happy to find this casual, friendly gem in Hoboken!
Chat items are very good & must try. Not very complicated menu. Place is BYOB & v enjoyed great accompaniment chats with the booze. Definitely worth trying.
Just ate here for the first time. The service is really great, the tandoori chicken platter and the dahi puri were super fresh and tasty.  Highly recommend!
Was a totally unplanned visit on a cold winter afternoon. This palace is very budget friendly and has quite the enticing menu. I tried veg kebab, corn chat, gol gappa and ghugni. The kebab was melt in your mouth and was cooked to perfection. The corn chat was zingy and tasty. The gol gappas were a total let down and the paani was nothing to write home about. The ghugni was absolutely fantastic- had home style chole, onions and was neatly wrapped in a wheat chapati. Must visit for students!!
THIS is authentic stuff. No creamy flavorless curries here. The owner's mom's recipes set the base for the menu and yes, it's spicy, but if you want the real deal then the spice is all part of the game! The staff are also very accommodating to special requests and very happy to explain the menu. We love the tikka masala platter and the potato roti. It comes with a sweet yoghurt dip too that works wonders to balance out the heat :)
I gotta say. The food here is really good. The owners take pride in what they make. I also really want to see them succeed because they are the cutest couple.
Really low prices, tasty food, and a beautiful location-this place really deserves to be busier. I ordered a vegetable kebab wrap with egg it was perfect for breakfast on the go. I'll definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu
Perfect to quickly satisfy your craving for Indian cuisine - and the value can't be beat
Great place in Hoboken. Good snack / lunch type with many delicious items on the menu
Great place ! A friend and I were looking for a new place that sells chaats and kati rolls aside from the typical restaurants on newark ave. Had the dahi puri and chicken tikka kati roll. The dahi puris were average, but the kati roll is great spicy yet flavorful !
My colleague bought lunch here today for the office, and it was awesome. I was apprehensive at first since Hoboken is a culinary wasteland sans a very few places. I had the lamb khati roll along with the corn - very tasty and flavorful. Will definitely put this place in the regular rotation.
Eek, where do I start.... So we ordered delivery.  Bhel, Pani Puri, Dhai Puri, Lamb Platter, Paneer Kati Roll, Chicken Kati Roll, Lamb Kati Roll.  NONE of it was good.  The bhel was the best and it wasn't even good enough to finish the small portion. The rest we didn't take more than 2 bites of.  It wasn't authentic, or good.  The lamb looked like the patty I feed my dog.  Just bad on every level.  Only positive is they have thumbs up soda.
Walked into Dilli junction the other day and came to know they are a BYOB. I ordered a dahi puri to pair it with my chilled glass of beer. It was absolutely refreshing. Had a few selection of their kati rolls...the shish kebab in non veg and paneer shashlik in the veg. Very fresh and full of flavor. I am going to be a regular at this place !!
I'm from Delhi so I got really excited when I saw this place as I have been craving for Dilli's chatpata food but this place has been a huge disappointment. I came to this place along with my 4 other friends and out of excitement we ordered almost everything from the menu. The ambience of the place was good but the food was really disappointing. I have never tasted such shitty food in my life. And it's not just 1 thing or 2, almost every item we ordered turned out to be the worst we ve ever had and we ended up throwing more than half of the food. They really need to change their cook.
this is a good halal place mostly famous among school folks in hoboken. I believe Steven's etc. Food is ok but not like actual delhi flavor and portion size is very small.Best,DS
Worst Indian food in the neighborhood. The Kati roll was greasy and the chicken had artificial flavor and was barely seasoned.
Not at all authentic..We ordered goat biryani, tandoori chicken platter, chicken tikka kathi roll and dahi puri.. Everything was just very spicy with no other flavors coming through. I think the kathi roll was the worst...It was the store bought kawan roti.. the chicken tikka was in the gravy form so it was just running out of the roll...had to finally eat it as  roti and curry..If you want to eat these same items head to Jersey City or Edison...once you eat there, you will see the difference. Not going back to Dilli Junction...do not recommend for authenticity
Fantastic food. Nice people. Modern and classic at the same time. Open late! Try both the vegetarian and non vegetarian options. Charu is nice and helpful.
This has to be an absolute favorite on all Indian food lovers' list!! So authentic!! I am from Eastern India. We generally do not see that cuisine represented as much as Northern or Southern Indian cuisine. I literally could cry when I tasted the food. It is so authentic with a home-cooked feel! It took me back to my ancestral home with the smells and tastes of my grandma and aunt's cooking!! I tried the goat curry and the goat biryani as well as the samosa. All that I tasted was A-1! No frills required, no excess oil, nothing but genuinely well-made dishes. The service is also great and the owner sincerely cares about her customers and what kind of food she is putting out there. Just a breath of fresh air that Hoboken's diverse restaurant scene needed!!
Sometimes you're caught in the rain craving some chicken tikka masala, no? Well, I was! Stepped into this little restaurant and I was immediately blown away by the scent of spices, I knew I just found a gem! Ordered the chicken tikka masala platter and samosas, also treated myself to a mango lassi because, how could I resist?! So let's begin- I destroyed this meal in minutes. Chicken was perfect, literally melted in my mouth-so much flavor. Karma, take notes! Samosas were out of this world. Nice, stuffed and fluffy! Could eat them all day! Overall- I want to live here, and stuff my face. Staff is incredibly nice, s/o to the cook, I believe? I didn't get his name, but he was a funny dude! I'll see you guys soon, very, very, soon!
Great Kathi rolls and dahi puri. Loved the food and ambience. Food is pure delhi style. Lamb Kathi was the best I ever had.
I got lunch to go on a recent weekday and definitely want to come back and try more items. Yes, they have the usual dishes but also some new ones. I got a chicken tikka masala platter and an order of dahi puri. Like others have noted, their portions are more manageable (i.e. no leftovers, but you will still be satisfied). The chicken had good flavor and sufficient spice (their sauce has less cream so was more brown than some of the orange-ier ones you'll find elsewhere). I liked the corn salad and chickpeas on the side; they cut the savory and spice of the entree nicely. I haven't had anything like the dahi puri before but really liked the different textures and flavors at play (crunchy, smooth, sweet, spicy, creamy, tangy, and savory all at once). I was worried about being greedy getting a whole order for myself, but the 5-6 small puffs were a perfect starter.I was curious about their beverage selection so may try that next time.
I just had the worse experience I ordered the chicken Tikka Masala and received a bunch of unclean chicken with tons of fat on it due to not being cleaned properly by the chef. I stop in to the restaurant to speak with the manager/ owners to show them the food and tell them how it was not eatable. I was disrespected by the owner wife and himself they didn't receive what I had to say about the dish. The wife got very upset and told me it was my fault . I will not be returning to this place the food, service and leadership in this place is horrible and this is coming from a business owner himself who works in the industry. I don't think this place will last in Hoboken with all of the other great restaurants in town. Please people save your money and go somewhere else where you will get good food and good customer service!!!! If I could give this place a 0 Star I would that's how bad it was for me!!!!!!!  Don't eat here!!!!!!!
One of the few places, rather the only one, we have come across in a long time, where food tasted like it should. Freshly made from scratch and just the perfect balance of spices, as close as it can get to perfectly cooked home food. Loved the ambience too and the owners are really friendly! Definitely coming back for more!! Dahi puri, corn chaat, paneer shashlik kati roll, chicken tikka wrap, nimbu paani and mango lassi was what we had ordered.
Straight up delicious.  Ive been here a few times and can't understand why it isn't always packed. It's really nice for vegetarians as half of the menu does not have meat and the people who work there, and I assume own the place, are always quite kind and willing to chat about the various food options
Portions were pretty small and they were very stingy with the meat. We ordered the shrimp platter and there were 4 shrimp. My grandfather got the chicken tikka masala and it was mostly sauce. Flavor was pretty good though and everything was seasoned well.
This is a gem in Hoboken.  Every time I go in, I try something new and it is amazing.  Small place with self service where the people are very friendly and the food is made very quick.  I can tell the taste is close to back home even though I haven't been there.  Their Papdi chaat is amazing. The Vegetable Kabab Kati Roll, the Chicken Tikka Kabab Kati Roll and the Shami Kebab Roll are delectable to say the least.  The fact that they carry Rose Badam drink just makes me give them more props as the drink is hard to find outside of the usual Mango Lassi fare.  Highly recommended.  Outdoor seating makes the experience more enjoyable in the summertime.
Pros: Loved dahi puri and paani puri. $5 for 5 crispy puriVeggie kabab kati roll was flavorful but undercooked.Cons:Over Priced: Mango lassi for $5                       Veggie Platter for $9 (expect okay-ish taste and less quantity even after paying $9) Badam milk is ready made and not fresh hence served cold. They need to work on the price. The place has a lot of potential.
It's a very casual cafe ..I had the chicken curry lunch thali ..the food proportions were decent ..it came with naan ,rice ,chicken curry ,Chana masala ,spiced potatoes and yogurt ..I thought there was too much lemon in the spiced potatoes .and lacking salt in the Chana dish ..the place is really hot .i wish they would turn on the air conditioning or something .
I wasn't planning to stop here, as I had things to eat at home, but I stopped in on Thursday, October 28, partially to have a respite from the ridiculous driving rain. I had a Samosa Chaat and the Shaami - both were excellent, with large servings at a reasonable price. I think this place will do very well in Hoboken, and I'm excited to go back!
Omg. Did not expect this much amazing flavor, I don't know why because Indian food is never lacking flavor...maybe I was just so hungry that I didn't have common sense but I am so glad I ordered the vegetable kabob roll. SOOOO GOOOD! I also added egg which tied everything together. Highly recommend this amazing place. Clean, quick, and great easy service!
Great decor, service with a smile and phenomenal tasty fresh food this is definitely a great addition to Hoboken and will be part of my weekly rotation. I highly recommend everyone in town give this place a shot. Oh and it's BYOB!
Excellent. Great new Indian byob family run biz. Food was delicious. I had the kebab platter, the lamb was so tasty and my friend had the Tika masala which was great and we had he corn side. Good friendly service and fresh food. Will definitely be back.
I was so excited to see Dilli Junction open. Hoboken finally has a go-to place for kati rolls!  The paneer roll was delicious and flavorful with the perfect amount of spice and I savored every bite of my papri chaat!   I will definitely be going again - check it out! ps - I think the prices are much more reasonable here compared to Matt & Meera's...  this is the Indian-food version of Mamouns!
I had the paneer roll and it was awesome.The best part is the breads are healthy.This place surely is an awesome addition to Hoboken
It's been a long time since I tasted good indian street food and this definitely brought back good memories. The Bengali touch is subtle but Bengalis can definitely make out. Give it a try.
Great authentic indian food in Hoboken. Superb value for money. Very friendly service. Tried their chicken masala platter, potato roti and sag paneer roti - all very nicely done. Already been there 3 times and consistently good.
Great food, great place! Love the chai and the chicken tikka roll. I've been going there everyday.
Horrible food. These guy clearly don't know what Biryani is. And the wrap I ordered had the wrapping paper melted and fused in the food itself.
The only place to have chaat in Hoboken!! Loved their chicken tikka kati roll, mango lassi and dahi Puri chaat!!
My wife and I stopped by here on a Friday night. They have a small menu, but it all tastes authentic. Not like the generic Indian restaurant food. We tried the pani puri, shammi kebab,  chicken Tikka and ghugni rolls. Great food.
Was excited to head there dreaming of great palette from Indian capital region. To my disappointment the dishes falls short of flavors and authenticity.
They just opened! Had chicken tika masala platter. Owners are very attentive and food tasted fresh and flavorful. The platter came with a side of small yogurt which was refreshing. Would visit again!
My girlfriend and I stopped in to this place last week. The food wasn't bad by any means .. my only complaint is that the portions were wayyyyy to small for the price. I paid $10 for a dish of chicken tikka that was no bigger than my hand (those oval airplane dishes). We spent 30 dollars on two dishes and an appetizer and we were still hungry afterwards and had to go somewhere else afterwords. I would've rather have spent my money over at Mamouns for a big plate of chicken and rice for $10 or even Matt & Miras.
We were really excited to dine here based on such great reviews but it turned out to be a huge disappointment. If you ever had authentic Delhi food, you will be able to tell the difference. We had padpdi chat, paneer roll, shami kabab roll and tea... None of it met our expectations!
This place is great- the owners are super friendly and the unda bhurji and chicken tikka rolls are so flavorful! Delicious!!
Awesome food. Exactly like Indian street food. Rolls and shrimp platter were too good.
Just what Hoboken needed! It's great to be able to grab quick Indian food here, and Dilli Junction is the place to do it. The food is very tasty and very affordable, and everyone there is very nice.
Dilli Junction is a go to spot for me now in Hoboken. It's great to not have to go into a fancy sit down to pick up some great to go Indian food. I love their Chicken Tikka platters. I like to add a side of Paneer as well. Their food is cheap, fast, and I love that each platter comes with a side of Chickpeas in sauce and Raita.Their Kati rolls are also great.The best thing about this place is that when you get your food to go, it comes in a chipotle style paper box. I hate seeing hot food in plastic, so this is a huge plus!
I dont think its representative of Delhi in any form . Being from Delhi , I felt the food was relatively bland ( chicken tikka masala) . I dont see a lot of value add here.
We ordered a few platters from the catering menu for an event (veg and non veg Kati rolls, papadi chat, samosas, and veg biryani).  Our guests told us how much they loved the food multiple times during the event. You cannot find this type of street food here in the jersey city / Hoboken area. I ordered directly from the owners and the process was all very smooth. Definitely would use again in the future!
I loved this place! My husband and I visited NYC for the weekend and happened to come across this on yelp. We gave it try since it was very close to the place we were staying. Although we came with no expectations here, the food was really good. We had chicken kati roll, egg kati roll, lamb kati roll and chicken curry over rice. All of them were amazinggg except the egg roll. I totally recommend this place for a quick bite!
Not your typical Indian restaurant. I was disappointed on everything. The food was too spicy overpower the flavor. Would not go back. They didn't even know what paratha was.
BROKEN GLASS PIECE in my kathi roll!!! I can't even believe that this place is allowed to operate in the first place. I found a broken glass piece in my chicken kathi roll.Luckily i found it while chewing otherwise I was bound for an ER trip. When I called the place up and reported this, the lady said "sorry" and hung up. Please be aware of eating at this place. I am going to report this place to health authorities.
I and my husband tried This restaurant for first time. It's not up to the expectation, worst indian food and  chat we ever had. We ordered golgappa , papari chat, vegetable kebab n panner shashilk..papari chat and panner shasilk were good (not that great though) vegetable kebab was so horrible, just took a bite and thrown rest of it.. please don ever order it.. never gonna come back here..
A great new addition. I tried the chicken tikka masala platter at the suggestion of the kind hostess and it was quite good. I'll be back to try the Kati roles.
I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was delicious! The chicken was cooked to perfection.The staff was friendly and very helpful. Definitely recommend for those looking for good, quick Indian food.
Was really disappointed by the goat biriyani from this place. There was only a small piece of meat in the whole dish. I just got rice and bones. I really hope this was just a one off incident. Giving this place 2 stars as the service was good.
Great Indian fast food place !! Had the Kati roll (Shami Kabab) and Chai (Indian tea) for lunch. The roll was awesome with the meat and spices and the tea was great for cold weather outside. Will come back again to try other menu options.
Dilli Junction is part of our college meal plan so I go here often. Their taste is great and I prefer it over Karma across the street. Will be back for the Chicken Tikka and Goat platters
The food is good, the prices are very good and the people who work here are friendly and do a good job.  I like this place much more than Karma Café.   They are better in pretty much every way.
My boyfriend came across this restaurant days after it opened and we were back there the very next day to try it out again. Dilli Junction has become one of our favorite restaurants in Hoboken. From the kati rolls to the platters to the bhel puri to the masala chai and mango lassi, we haven't had a bad meal yet. Street style Indian food was the cuisine Hoboken never realized it was missing out on!
Amazing! Had the bhel puri and shami kebab Kati roll and they were phenomenal. Can't wait to try out other items on the menu. The food is authentic. Which is hard to find since everybody is dumbing it down. This place beats flying to India for some good food.
Absolutely delicious, now my two favorite food joints are on the same block! Perfectly priced, authentic Indian street food cooked right in front of you. Can't wait to go back.
I've been here multiple times and have never been disappointed. Not only is the food great, but the owners are extremely friendly. I recommend getting the chicken tikka masala roll, ghugni roll, and chicken biryani platter. And definitely try the mango lassi. It's delicious!
The Kati dum aloo is so flavorful. Spices are well balanced I came back for a second one a few hours later!!!
Dilli Junction is great.  Their dahi puri and bhel puri are some of our favorites, and kati rolls are great too.  Food is fresh, tasty, and traditional.  Prices are highly reasonable.  It's become one of our go-to places in Hoboken, even amongst a ton of Indian delivery options available.
This place is phenomenal! I stopped in when I was walking by a few days after they opened and was so happy I did. My girlfriend and I have been back twice already. The owners and staff are incredible and very passionate about there food. Highly recommend the Behl Puri and the Kati Rolls as well as the Masala Chai. Definitely a very unique restaurant compared to everything else in Hoboken and the Street Style Indian food definitely differentiates it from Karma or Matt & Meera. We will be coming back many more times.
Ordered last night and might order again tonight. We ordered an array of things because we couldn't decide what to get. The chicken tikka platter, dahi puri and two Kati rolls and everything was delicious! The dahi puri were definitely my favorite and they aren't stingy with the white yogurt sauce which is great. Definitely just what Hoboken needed as a quick and cheaper alternative to the other Indian spots in town and doesn't skimp on quality.
Tried the chicken tikka ,tandoori n unda bhurji rolls, the filling was OK..I would probably give a 3.5 star to that, but the biggest let down was the roti, it felt n most likely was  ready made roti from an Indian store like the kwan rotis, nowhere near to what a Kati roll roti should be like..sorry man u guys screwed  it so bad...did ure cook take a day off on Monday or something..
