We ordered the mango lassi and ordered the prix fix combos. the combos typically have one curry, basmati rice, samosa, and kheer. The samosas were yummy , the icing on the cake was the mint chutney which took the taste of samosa to a whole new level!! The curry was flavorful , I selected the saag paneer.. you can choose the curry you want. It was not typical puréed greens lik any other restaurant. It had texture which I loved. The kheer was too sugary and had no other flavor. I'd say the appetizers and curry dominated the dessert and lassi. The mango lassi was also not so good, it smelled of sour yogurt and they could've added more mango or some flavor to mask the yogurt smell. But we loved the curry and appetizers. The quantity was good for the price and we had some to take home too! Do try this place for curries and go for medium spicy if you don't eat too much spicy like me!
This is my new goto Indian spot. The dishes here are so flavorful and fresh, and the employees seem to be really invested in the success of the restaurant. They have a great prefix option where you get a choice of appetizer, and entree. It also comes with some rice pudding at the end. They usually offer a check-in deal as well (usually a free naan, or a drink with your meal).I have tried the Samosas (veggie, and lamb), lamb vindaloo, saag paneer, lamb roganjosh, and chicken tikka masala. Everything is incredibly good, and the quality is consistent. The only thing I would like to say is that when they say something is spicy here, LISTEN. My friends all consider me to have a VERY high spiciness tolerance, but the Lamb Vindaloo was INCREDIBLY spicy for me - certainly not a dish for those that cannot take the heat. Despite the spiciness level, the vindaloo was VERY good. The Naan is made fresh to order, and is covered in buttery goodness - the perfect compliment to any of their dishes. I do wish that a Naan came with every order, but it's not the case. They are a bit of a pricey add on at $4 a piece, but definitely worth it.The dining space here is pretty small, but I have never had to wait long for a table when visiting this establishment for dinner on weekends. Give them a try!
The great thing about Yelp is that, people that actively use Yelp rely on Yelp users (and Elites) to give a reasonable opinion and even pointers about a restaurant. It's a happy family with people whom you will never meet. Lmfao.I was very happy with this restaurant. This is my break down of it. Buffet is from 12-3 pm on Saturday and Sunday. You are offered naan, rice, 2 types of chicken, spinach, cauliflower, chickpeas dish and also for dessert there's the rice pudding (didn't try that.) You might think that's not a lot of variation but it's more than enough to fill you up. My favorite was the cauliflower dish. It was piping hot, not overly spicy, but definitely flavorful. The servers kept refilling each dish and the people were lining up crowding against each other. For under $12 and up to 3 plates of food (if you can do 3 plates) that's literally $4 a plate of food. WHERE ARE YOU EVER GOING TO EAT INDIAN FOOD THAT CHEAP? Yes it's a commute, but it truly is a gem. I didn't get to take any pictures (completely forgot) but I will bring everyone and their grandmas with me next time.
Small but excellent buffet. Too bad it's only available on the weekend from noon to 3 pm.
This place is really good, and I'm Indian, so I think that says something.This place gives huge portions, so one entree seems enough for 2-3 people to share!The mango lassi was good! 4.5/ 5Garlic Naan 5/5Sizzling Sampler:  4.5/5 This came with many types which are :Lamb Kabab 5/5Tandoori Chicken pieces 5/5Shrimp 5/5 , only 2 pieces which sucks tho lolChicken tikka pieces 3/5 (these were the white chicken pieces which were bland ish )I'd probably only ask for everything but the chicken tikka lol.The Chicken Tikka Masala was nice and thick ! It had about 10 chicken pieces in it(pretty big) Good enough for 2 people.We asked for mild, thinking it'd be mildly spicy, but it wasn't. So I know now next time to say slightly to medium spicy. Chicken tikka masala was a bit too sweet for me cause of this, but still was AMAZING and had a lot of chicken piecesI WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK! :)
Yo! Seriously, there is no downfall to this spot! The staff was very, very nice, and your cup doesn't ever get below half full. I was surprised by how on point our waitress was with the drinks. The place is small, cozy,  and doesn't really focus on decor, but the food makes up for that. I can see this restaurant getting packed on weekends.For my beverage, I ordered the Lassi. A deliciously sweet, and creamy mango, yogurt smoothie that's addictively good! I started with the chicken samosa. It was so bomb, and the samosa is a great size! The sauces were just amazing! They had two options, a sweet sauce that was just freaking superb, and a spicy sauce that was just as delicious! I followed the samosas with the fennel chicken curry. Oh my lord. It is sooo good! My boyfriend and I went in on that chicken! It's served with rice, and we also got a plain nan, which was so fluffy and completely tasty. Then, we had the Kheer for dessert. Delicious! A sweet, creamy rice pudding with nuts. We ended up ordering an extra one to go! Everything at Seva was divine!There's honestly nothing bad I have to say about this place. I'm glad we decided to try Seva out. It was just all around bomb AF. Highly recommended, and I will be coming back!
Interesting dinner tonight. Been wanting to check out this restaurant for sometime but unfortunately they did not live up to my standard of excellent Indian cuisine. Rather then moist and flacks, their rice was a bit hard and dry. As for their chicken breast, it was a tough and flavorless. Almost as if it was just added to the curry depending on the protein we picked. The worst offender was their lamb spring roll. For $5 a spring roll, all we got was lamb meat that was full of fat and tendon. So full of it that we all complain to each other why it was so chewy. When we asked the waiter, he had to examine it and told us it was a piece of fat. Gross!The service was good and the waiter was very attentive and kept on coming back to fill our water. However, would I want to come back here and the answer is probably no.
In all honesty, you have to be careful with Indian food because of all the spices your tummy may not be exposed to. I've tried a few Indian places out but Seva really is the best. Chicken tikki masala is PACKED with flavors and chunks of yummy chicken.However, my favorite item here is their chicken skewer appetizer. I'm adulting now so I've been cooking at home more but once in awhile when I can splurge, I take the skewer to go. Each chunk of chicken tastes like it was cut, spiced, and grilled with care. And the green sauce. I'd probably lick my fingers and accidentally chew my fingers off without realizing it. If you love jalepenos and Mexican food and all things related to real tacos, you'll love this sauce. Thanks Seva!
First time eating out Indian since I started my vegan/vegetarian journey and I loved it!!! Ordered the cauliflower onion fritters and samosas to start and then a vegetarian entree (like a spinach chickpea meal) Everything was delicious. I requested spicy and boy was it but the waiters were super attentive with refilling my water. All the tables were full (though luckily we didn't have to wait) and people were outside waiting for a table half way through my meal. Will be back!!
This is one of my favorite Indian spots in the city.The vibe here is so chill: dim lighting with lots of color and shine.  The staff here is extremely nice and accommodating and the food is absolutely delicious.  I've never had a bad meal here!  What's more, the prices are very competitive with lunch and dinner pre-fixes and inexpensive yet good bottles.  If you're around here and craving something spicy and warm in a relaxed and cozy environment, you definitely want to check this place out.  Great for dates and meet ups with good friends : )
One of my favorite Indian food restaurants in Queens. I always order chicken tiki masala and beef spicy curry with garlic nan.  The combination goes really well because one is on the sweet side and other is on the salty side. Cant forget the mango lassi. The waiters/ staff are super nice. They check up on you constantly throughout your meal and legit comes to pour water in your glass every 2 minutes. I always come here during the weekday. I have never been here during the weekend. So far i have never waited and was seated right away.
OMG THAT $#!t WAS SUPER INTENSE! I never had better Indian food in my life! Alls I ordered was the Chicken Vindaloo (Very Hot!) its about an 8 on my scale of hotness. (A raw, whole jalapeño is a 3 for me). Spicy as it can be but the burn was not without good hearty flavor. It made me sweat and cry with tears of joy and pain. Their unsweetened ice tea was a treat as well with a hint of cinnamon, out-frighten-standing. The place is tiny but cozy and very clean. Astoria is the place to be.
this was my first time trying indian food and i absolutly loved it!! The place is small but very cozy and has a relax vibe.The service is very good.the staff is very attentive and friendly.We started with spring rolls,the samosas and the pankora (my new favorite thing in the world).I didnt try the spring rolls because i fell in love with the pankora and i needed to try our main dish,but the somosas were amazing specially the vegetable one,with the potatoes and peas.They were so soft and yummy.We also ordered the butternut squash soup,which was good but i would not recommend it if you dont have a very sweet thooth. i had the chicken naag.it was good but i enjoyed more the chicken takki masala,we ordered the mild because i cannot take the spicy food and it was extremely delicious,specially with the garlic naan.I really enjoyed this place and cannot wait to go back!
Came for the buffet, got played cus they said they only do it for the weekends, stayed for the lunch anyway. I must say, the portions are pretty big/larger than average. We got the sample platter, which came with huge mimosas, fried califlower among others. We didn't wanna beast out on these as we got real food. The real food we got was one from the lunch special, which were a selection of chicken curries that accompanied either a butternut squash soup or a lentil soup , and a lamb Rogan Josh. We ended up getting the tikka masala, and the butternut squash, and both were on point, very creamy , and bursting with flavor. The lamb Rogan Josh was a little on the spicy side, but no worries cus they were nice enough to give us refills on the rice. But the meats were very tender and juicy , and melt in your mouth. Bonus for being attentive enough to keep refilling our water... And giving us a rice pudding on the house. Will still try to come back and see what they offer for the buffet tho !
Who goes all the way to Astoria to eat Indian food? Certainly not me as many people would call me crazy. Luckily I was in the area and walked quite a bit to eat Indian food from here. The restaurant was very small and couldn't accommodate a party of 8, which we ended up on two different tables. For those people who do not usually eat Indian food, it can be a bit overwhelming to know what to decide. My split party of four decided to split the three dinner pre-fixed meal for 14.95 each. It was more than enough food for four people. It is definitely a great bargain for your money when you can literally have an appetizer, entree, and dessert for a dollar or two more than just an entree. It is a better bargain when you have people to share to try a bit of everything. Overall, I would say it is pretty standard Indian food. - nothing too special or lurking about this place. It wasn't bad nor was it mind blowing for me to ever make a second trip back. Don't get me wrong, it is  just out of reach specifically for me and I'm glad I can call Seva one of those restaurants I have tried that was not a bad experience.
FINALLY a friggen Tikka Masala that's not chicken in ketchup, basically. IDK why it's been so hard for me to find a decent Indian place, but for the past two years every time I get Chicken Tikka Masala it has been BLAND, and has made me SICK. Which honestly is such a shame.Because I friggen love the stuff.CUT TO this afternoon when I was desperately seeking some Indian food and took a chance (though not much of a chance it's all rave reviews for this place) on Seva. YAAAS SEVA. Delicious Tikka Masala, SPICY and just so so good!I also got the Palek Paneer and while not the best one I've ever had ever, I totally devoured it and would get it again.What I'm trying to say is I am such a fan now, one order and I'm converted! PLUS the delivery was quick and they was so nice! BOOM. Done. You have a customer for life, that's how this works.
I always advocate for Seva as one of the best indian restaurants in the area. However standards are slipping and there is one particular area that they are not listening to feedback. In my last order I specifically pointed out that their vegetable curries are always undercooked. After apologizing for my experience I yet again received a dish with crunchy cauliflower. Not raw but very close to. This is winding me up. All the ingredients in an aloo gobi should be tender, which indicates that the curries are not prepared in advance - just sauce and ingredients being thrown together per order a la generic chinese takeout. Authenticity is fading.
I'm sitting here savoring my leftovers from last night's meal at Seva. Even today, after the refrigeration and the reheating, this in my opinion still ranks among the best Indian food in NYC.When we stopped in last night around 9:45, the place was totally packed, which was a little surprising as it was so late. We were told to expect a 15 minute wait and they agreed to take our phone number, so we went next door to grab a drink at Sweet Afton. Of course, the minute we ordered our drinks, our table was ready, but the Seva folks very nicely agreed to let us finish our drinks and then come back over. Seva is small, and every inch of the space is used to cram in as many people as possible. This is understandable, but don't expect any standing room. We had to stand around for about 5 minutes while our table was being cleared, and we got in everyone's way so much it was ridiculous. Others who were facing longer waits were standing outside, which was fine even though it's January, because we're currently facing an intense bout of global warming.Once we were seated: My dining companion decided to go for the 3-course prix fixe for $14.95, which, in addition to an entree, came with an appetizer and dessert. I just got an entree, which was slightly less expensive, with the idea that we would share his app+dessert.For the app, we got the chicken samosa (minced meat turnover, coriander, mint and tamarind chutneys) which was, honestly, a perfect concoction. I preferred the sweet, tangy tamarind chutney over the mint. His entree was the chicken korma, which I had the fortune of sampling. I opted for the Lamb Rogan Josh (cardamom-cinnamon curry sauce, cloves, nutmeg), served with basmati rice. Both the lamb and the curry were remarkable. The lamb was SO tender. The sauce was perfectly spiced, and I especially loved the use of cinnamon in the dish. I got the lower spice level, which was described as light-medium spice. In the restaurant it actually tasted pretty spicy, but I think my tastebuds must've been confused from the chicken samosa, which was fairly spicy. Now that I'm eating the dish in isolation, I'd say that for me, it's medium spicy.We also got a side of garlic naan, which was among the best naan I've ever had. I felt the need to remark on its deliciousness with basically every bite.The only dish that I found to be a little underwhelming was the kheer (rice pudding, cardamom, cashew nut). It was good, but I thought it perhaps was toeing the line between understated and a bit bland.
Delicious Indian food and not terribly expensive. Their naan is great which can be hit or miss at some Indian restaurants. The staff is welcoming and treat their customers right. Will definitely be coming back for a third visit.
My wife and I enjoyed a great meal at this restaurant. It is not very big but decent enough for a part of four or five people. We went during the lunch hour and got excellent service.
All time favorite Indian restaurant !!! We love Seva so much we travel far from Flushing just to get a taste!! Food is tasty, service always on point ! Amazing little restaurant with very friendly people! We love Seva!!!
This is my go-to place for Indian cuisine in Queens. The food is fabulous! And the service will make you want to come back again and again!I came across this place while I was living in Astoria. Looking for a place to satisfy my Indian food craving, I decided to yelp the best Indian restaurant in Queens. The consensus was Seva, which, luckily for me at the time, was just down the street from my apartment. Having a yelp-renowned restaurant in your backyard is every foodie's dream, no?So, first and foremost, the food. I've been to a few Indian restaurants and I must say, Seva consistently provides the best Indian meals I have ever had. They cook their meats perfectly so that they're moist and tender and full of flavor. I highly recommend the chicken tikka masala. It's the dish most people go for at Indian restaurants anyways but you've never had good tikka masala til you've tried Seva's. Their naan is also deliciously crispy on the outside and pillowy soft on the inside every single time. Before they bring you your meal, they'll also provide you with a basket of "chips" and a few sauces. These are addicting to say the least. I actually buy a bag of these "chips" when I get take out cause I love them so much. I'm not sure what they're called (I'll check with the staff next time), but they do let you get bags of them for about 1-2 bucks. Not bad for something so surprisingly delicious. Also, make sure you try their $10 buffets on weekends. The food selection is small compared to other Indian buffets but the quality more than makes up for it. I'd take quality over quantity any day. Other than the tikka masala, they have a few wonderful lamb and vegetable dishes. I wasn't a big fan of their samosas because they are a bit heavy with the potatoes but if you love potatoes (and I mean LOVE because I'd consider myself a pretty big fan of them), they may be your cup of tea.Secondly, the service is ridiculously good here. The waiters are so attentive, I have never had to ask for water or even gotten the chance to notice that I had run low. I always tip generously here because every single time I come to this restaurant, I get nothing but good vibes. Friendly and homey.Finally, the atmosphere, decor, and layout of the place also adds to the overall experience. It's a small, dimly lit space but very very cozy and intimate because of this. There are small stained glass lanterns hanging from the ceiling in a beautiful array of colors. Other than these and a few wall furnishings, the restaurant is fairly simple and straightforward -- somewhat of a hole-in-the-wall (in terms of size). It's not a good place for large parties but for dates and other intimate gatherings, this restaurant should top your list. Delicious food, stellar service, and a nice, cozy setting. What more could you ask for in a restaurant?Food: 5/5 -- absolutely delicious every time!Service: 5/5 -- exceptional!Atmosphere: 4/5 -- lovely little spaceOverall: 5/5 -- exceptional!
This is my go to Indian restaurant in Astoria.  The food is always so delicious.  I usually go with the combo special, which is a great deal for only $15.  You get an appetizer, main course and dessert.  I usually go with a samosa and lamb vindaloo.  The samosa's are always delicious and the sauces are very tasty with a nice amount of spice.  They give you a good portion of vindaloo which is usually pretty spicy, but tastes great.  The lamb just falls apart in your mouth.  The meal is finished off with some rice pudding, which is very tasty, but at this point I am extremely full and need to go walk this meal off.
My favorite Indian food in Astoria and as good as some of the best in Jackson Heights. When I'm feeling a little vegan, usually go with the chana masala. They also have a very spicy and good chicken vindaloo, which is featured in their weekend buffet and a bargain to boot. Great for eating in or delivery and the staff is pretty accomodating. Don't make it over here as much as I'd like to. That will have to be corrected.
Great Indian food! My son mentioned that this was his favorite restaurant. He feels home when having your delightful food. I took him on 2-20 his birthday. He was so exited. I love the food as well. The staff is excellent and the ambiance is feel welcoming. The decor is simple yet elegant. Keep the good food coming! :)
Favorite Indian place in Astoria! The prix fix is so well priced and you get everything, appetizer-entree-dessert. I keep going back for my Indian fix. The service is also excellent, plenty of service and attention. Seva tends to get busy since it is so delicious,so get there for an early dinner for no wait!
literally one of the best and most reasonably priced Indian food you can find in NY. Don't ask, just come and TRY!!! Food served fairly quickly, nice staffs, delicious and flavorful food. oh, and bring more than 2 people with you just so you could try out more dishes, duh!
I love seva! The staff is so friendly. The space is tiny, so there may be a bit of a wait on weekend nights. Their dishes are always consistently good and you can't beat the prices. Highly recommend!
This place is great! Everything was really good, atmosphere was good and service was amazing as well. Food: We had the Aloo Gobi Matar (it was good but I've had better), the Chicken Tikka Masala (Really good) and the Tandoori Chicken Tikka (Delicious!). It came with white rice and I had a Mango Lassie which was good as well. I definitely recommend this place and I am most certainly coming back!
I had been thinking of going to Seva for a long time, but my wife was skeptic from a visit ages ago when the food apparently was terrible. They have a nice prix fix deal, three course meal for 15 dollars, which we wanted to take advantage of. The menu was very limited, especially for me as I have allergies to some common ingredients. They were not able to change any of the dishes for me (I guess it was already prepared, which is fair enough for prix fix), so I had to go with the fennel chicken curry, which I didn't really want, but it was actually alright. Because of allergies I also could not have any of the deserts, so they agreed to give me a Naan with my meal instead. It is very dark in the restaurant. although I don't want it to be too bright, this was a bit too dimly lit for me. It's a bit small and cramped so people might bump into your table or chair occasionally. I would come back to Seva as I was looking for an Indian restaurant to replace Namaste down the road which used to be my go to place back in the day (but seriously went downhill in quality). Seva Is not the best, not the worst, but worth at least a visit since there are not that many Indian restaurants on 30th Ave.
The buffet is amazing. Food is all hot and delicious. They have great choices too. Their samosas are delicious and huge!
What a great find a must try. I grew up eating this food so I know how good Indian /Pakistani food should be. I live in Connecticut but drive to NYC in search of good Indian/Pakistani food. Mostly I am disappointed with mediocre food, unsanitary conditions and awful service. SEVA is the polar opposite.Delicious food , excellent service and a clean restaurant. They even brought us complimentary mango lassi, which was delicious by the way.If you are in search of a good Indian restaurant give them a try you won't be disappointed.
This place is only ok.  The curries were not the best.  I came with a few people and we had the Chicken Tika, Chicken Vindaloo, and Lamb Vindaloo.  The Chicken Tika was not good.  I have had so much better, the Vindaloos were spicy but only ok.  Even the desert a gulab jamun was not very good.
Great and reasonable restaurant with generous portions. Their prix fixe is a terrific deal (although the dessert that it comes with is a bit boring) but even if you go with something else, the portions are great value for money. Unlike other Indian places, if you ask for spicy it'll really be spicy, even if you're clearly not Indian. They also have very reasonably priced wine, and again the portion is quite big. Finally, the service is quick and very attentive.
They get five stars because they have good prices, good quality food and good service! I like Indian good and this is a good place I recommend the chicken tikka masala with rice and the tandoor grill and of course naan. Yummy flavorful place.
Thanks to fellow Yelpers, I stumbled upon Seva and immediately had to try it. The restaurant itself is intimate but the food is plenty. It can get quite busy on a Friday night but the wait doesn't seem too long from what I can tell. The servers are friendly and the food is full of flavor and cooked to the perfect consistency. For starters we had the masala crab cakes which were served fried atop 2 sauces & came with two pieces. Both were prepared crispy on the outside and tender inside! For our mains we opted for the Lamb Saag and the Mixed Tandoori platter which was a nice mix of various meats ranging from chicken to shrimp and served with rice. We also opted for the whole wheat naan which was the first I've ever seen at an Indian restaurant and highly recommended!  As we were stuffed silly we decided to skip dessert but our overall meal was great and the service was on point. There wasn't a single time during our meal where my glass of water was left half full and that in itself speaks volumes! Overall,  a great place to dine if you're looking for Indian eats in a casual atmosphere with great service! Keep on trucking Seva!
Seva is by far the most consistent Indian restaurant I've found in Astoria. Their Lamb Vindaloo is nice and tender with a good portion size, but it's funny, they never think you can handle the spice level! Even when I order online they call me to make sure I know it's spicy, and they almost try to talk me out of it. The funny thing is it's really not that spicy compared to many other Indian and Thai dishes I've had. I'm guessing their customers have complained, which is too bad. If you go to an Indian restaurant and order something spicy and then complain that it's spicy...you're the worst, so I can't really fault the folks at Seva for being extra careful to avoid complaints. Seva's Malai Kofta is a good dish too. The Kofta are flavorful (I appreciate that it's not just a dense mass of cornflower, you can actually see and taste the golden raisins and veg). The samosas are standard but seem a bit restaurant depot-y to me. The Aloo Gobi Matar and Aloo Chana Paneer are ok but on the bland side, the paneer is always a bit undercooked to me. Overall the food is much more consistent than other Indian restaurants in the area, if you're looking for a solid Americanized North Indian restaurant this is the spot! The delivery is always fast and the service in the restaurant is fantastically attentive and friendly!
Excellent food and quick delivery every time. This is our go to place for Indian food- whether it is for favorites like paneer makhani and chicken tikka masala or for something new, this place has never once disappointed. Their weekend lunch buffet is also top notch.While there are a few other restaurants in Astoria that have good food, none of the others has a consistently good experience like Seva. And they are certainly unrivaled with delivery.
I've been to Seva a few times now and each experience was really wonderful. Somehow we were able to get seats right away, even on Saturday evenings. Their menu is great and they really listen when you request something special or a certain amount of spice. Which is so important for making the eating experience truly enjoyable. I tried the lamb rogan josh last time I went and it was divine. Their price fix menu is awesome - there are plenty of options to choose from! Love their drinks and soups, too! They keep your water filled all throughout and are quite attentive, even when crowded. Definitely my favorite local Indian spot.
Delicious food, awesome service. The chicken tikki masala was just divine; it is a must get!! Waiters were very nice and attentive! Decent pricing, but every penny was worth it! Defiantly would come again!
This was not the first time I visited Seva and I've always had good experiences from service to the food. All changed this time around.  I had the prix fixed (Chicken somasa, Chicken Tiki Masala and dessert) among other things.  I had the worse food poisoning ever from either the food or mango lassi few hrs after dinner.  I'll spare you the details but I wanted to go to the emergency room in the middle of the night.  The only problem was that I couldn't walk without my stomach literally killing me (mind u I had to crawl back to my bedroom).  The next day I was in bed all day.  Needless to say,  I won't be returning anytime soon if ever!
Wonderful, if tiny and cramped Astoria Indian that offers the best dinner bargain in the area.  The service is a little slow but the food makes it worth the wait.  Great samosas, the chicken tikka masala was creamy and full of flavor and the naan was huge and warm.  Just wish it was a bigger spot so come early to avoid a wait.
I am Sorry I can not join all the rave reviews, I did a take out from this establishment last night and I feel it till now....Start with the good stuff:they pickup the phone right away and were very friendly.The delivery was really fast.Very generous with the dressing and condiments on the side.Now to the not so good stuff:Expensive, you can find better places at half price in the city! For Astoria it's was realy expensive. Bok choy blossom , vegi samosa and briyani rice for $29??? Not including tip for the delivery guy...The appetizers were socked in oil and really  hard to eat..The briyani was good,but the black curly hair I found inside it was nasty...Few hours after the dinner I felt weird feeling in my stomach...Over all not a good experience and I will not order again. Ever..
Seva, is gem in the heart of Astoria. I have tried dozens of Indian restaurants, and I can safely say that Seva serves the best Indian cuisine by far. Let me recount my experience at Seva. We just went last night, and were seated within 10 minutes. Waiting at our table was an order of papadum with green and red chutney. Green chutney was delicious. We proceeded to order the Masala Crab Cakes as an appetizer. It arrived to our table almost immediately, and we sure did enjoy it. The portion was generous for an appetizer, and the condiments it was served with were refreshing yet spicy. For our main course, we ordered a mixed grill to share, as well as Chicken Tikka Masala (spicy). Unfortunately, they had ran out of Lamb Seekh Kebab, so we ended up ordering an extra serving of chicken malai kebab for the mixed grill. Amazing. The chicken was cooked perfectly- juicy, tender, not pink inside!!!. The Chicken tikka masala arrived with two heaping servings of basmati rice. Oh yeah, we also ordered a plain naan to accompany our meal. Buttery, seasoned well, soft yet crispy. We washed our meal down with two mango lassis, and two  complimentary orders of kheer (indian rice pudding). Made with saffron, the rice pudding was super flavorful, and not too sweet. I cannot wait to return to Seva, and drink cup after cup of water in stainless steel cups, and eat my fill of the greatest Indian food Queens has to offer!! Five stars in my book!
Air conditioning was too much and I got a nasty cold. But that seems to be a national issue. Food was good, but you have to be selective.  Next time I will go for the Tandoori and not the Tikka Masalla jazz.  Butternut soup was quite good and the service was actually impeccable. Don't ever bother with the buffets in Jackson Heights.   Here the food is piping hot and well prepared. Oh yes, please do not charge me for naan bread.  Uh...no.
This is a high quality Indian restaurant in Astoria.  There is no need to go to the city when you have treasures like this off of 30th Avenue. The chicken tandoori off the bone was great (or so I'm told since I'm a pescatarian), and the sag paneer and dal were equally good. Throw in some garlic naan and a couple of mango lassi, and we were quite pleased with the entire experience.
PHILISTINE WARNINGI only eat chicken tikka masala.That's a lie. I also like my vindaloos and kwormas, and I've considered replacing my mattress with naan bread, but when I'm "reviewing an Indian restaurant," I'm really reviewing their chicken tikka masala. I realize the culinary ignorance I've steeped myself in, and I don't care. That is an amazing dish, its cultural significance or lack thereof notwithstanding. And this is the best chicken tikka masala I've ever had. I'd eat it every day if I wasn't afraid of gaining 72,000,000 pounds.
For awhile there, the Indian options in Astoria were looking a tad bleak. Similarly to Mexican joints in the area, many Indian places had simply come and gone. It may be easy to blame the economy, or perhaps a lack of interest, but it was likely both that catapulted the scarcity, and were all likelihood extremely mediocre. Seva, has stood the test of time and like all good restaurants has only gotten better with age. They not only have the best Indian food in the hood, it is some of the tastiest Queens has to offer.Seva isn't as fancy as it's restaurant neighbors along 30th Avenue, but still far cleaner than most of their divey counterparts in Woodside / Jackson Heights. It's a remarkably simple spot, with a laid back vibe of a cafe and the service of a 4-5 star establishment. The owner and his wife are some of the nicest people I've met and they care tremendously about the quality of the food and it shows.Over the years, they've done an amazing job at keeping the prices moderate and affordable. Their lunch special (consisting of basmati rice, soup, and meat/veggie entree) still remains at $7.50, which is the same price I paid 4 years ago when I first tried it. The delivery special is at $13.50 comes with all of the above, including dessert and an appetizer. They're one of the only Indian restaurants I know that actually labels a portion of their veggie dishes as "vegan," which considering how hip Astoria is becoming, is no surprise.I've eaten most everything from top to bottom and virtually everything to have to offer is fantastic. There's a lot of flavor in the food and dare I say without the greasy, overbearingly heavy feeling post-meal time. I give special props for their delightfully creamy palak paneer, their semi-sweet but savory worthy chicken tikka masala, and a masterfully prepared lamb vindaloo that just melts on the tongue. Most of the naan breads taste as fresh as they look, which for all accounts, means the place is doing just fine.My one knock back then would be that they didn't offer this stuff in buffet fashion like their competition. Granted the food is always freshly prepared and the prices are still reasonable, there is never really a need for a buffet. Some of the best Indian restaurants in Manhattan still offer some type of a lunch special, in unlimited quantities nonetheless. So as of 1.5 years ago, Seva now has a weekend only brunch buffet starting from 12-3pm. Many Astorians and I are now doing our version of a happy dance. (#1) I don't often give my blessing too quickly when it comes these sorts of places, expecting them to fall down the hatch somewhere while they're on top. 4 years later, I give it nothing but 5 stars top to down.___________(#1) Just like this: youtube.com/watch?featur…
Delicious. I was here Saturday. Awesome service. I ordered the pakora which was fried to perfection. The tandoori chicken was oh so good I couldn't stop licking my fingers. Lastly the daal was great. They are so nice and attentive. This was my first time trying Indian and I will definitely be coming back.
Curry should be inexpensive, generous and delicious. With that in mind, Seva is the best curry in New York. Great food, smart tidy restaurant, excellent staff. We always leave with a doggie bag. Ex-Londoner, knows his (westernised) curry.
I have been here several of times, it is definitely our go to Indian restaurant here in Astoria.  The wait staff is polite and attentive, the ambiance is casual but nice, and the food is very good.  I typically order their prix fixe items usually learning to the Tikka Chicken Masala or Lamb Rogan Josh.  All the appetizers are pretty good but I tend to favor the Samosas over the others. The desserts are good, but not the best that I have had. In short, the prices are fair, the food is good, and the wait staff is excellent.  This will continue to be my go to Indian food spot until proven otherwise.
Chicken Tikka Masala was delicious. Good portion (more than i could eat in a single servicing) and the service was quick. The sauce was very tasty and had decent kick. The chicken was fairly tender as well tho you definitely want to eat it with a lot of sauce. You get a healthy serving of white meat chicken - they don't seem to skimp out.  The prices are very good for what you get.
$10.95 weekend buffet is great! Good food with a good price.All-you-can eat for less then $15 bucks; tax and tip included.I've been three or four time already, and will continue to be a customer.The buffet is on the weekends from 12-3pm.They offer basmati rice, naan, samosas, and 5-6 curry like entrees (Chicken Tikki Masala, Chana Masala, and Saag Panner seem to always be available). They also have Kheer (rice pudding, vanilla, & nuts) for dessert.The staff is very attentive as our waters never go dry.I suggest go earlier for groups larger than four, most of the tables seat either two or four. Any larger and they'll need to move furniture.Not sure if it's just me but I feel their samosas have gotten smaller. It's not a bad thing at all. It use to be HUGE to the point you had to break them apart to enjoy them, now they are half the size (still on the larger size) but easier to eat. PS: Let me know if you agree with me, as my other half says I'm crazy and they've always been the same size.I always indulge in the chicken tikki masala & rice. I'm a simple gal. With a little bit of the other entrees just to say, "I've tried them."Why the 4 stars and not the 5 you ask? Mostly because I can't say "WooHoo, It's as good as it gets." My missing star is for space. They are a small restaurant, so I understand the logic for the small buffet area; it's in a little nook area, so at most 2-3 people could be getting food pending on the size of the person.  The tight seating; you gotta have the seats to make the money, but sometimes the tables are close to the point I've have to move it to let people get into their seat. Regardless of the space, I enjoy their food so adapt; go early and pick an end table with easy buffet access. :)
I've only been to Seva on the weekend for the all you can eat buffet, but this place is amazing! For about $10 you can try authentic and homestyle Indian cuisine, and as much as you'd like! No time limit either! Saturday and Sunday from 11-3pm. The place is pretty small though and definitely has a no frills environment, but it's all about the food here. I'm not typically a huge fan of Indian food, but Seva gets it right and flavors are not overwhelming. Try the samosa's...truly the best in the area if not in NYC! They also have about 5 other curry dishes to choose from during the buffet. The Lamb Korma and Chicken Tikka are my absolute favorites. Overall, wish they had more seating, but every time I've been its actually never been that much of an issue getting a table. Try getting there early also for the freshest servings of food. Highly recommend Seva to all my Indian friends and Indian cuisine loving Yelpers! Hands down the best in Astoria.
This is a wonderful Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. Their portions sizes are large and most of their food is flavorful. They also support people with gluten allergies -- Please mention this to your server or the person you call when doing take out. They will accommodate you or get the manager to speak with you who is generally very helpful and can confirm which dishes are prepared for safe consumption by celiacs.Now the food.Mango salsa - Top rateChicken tikka masala - One of my favorites and go-to dishes. Try this with the Naan or just go at it with riceLamb Rogangosh (I probably misspelled it) - This is my favorite lamb dish and you should give this a try. It is very flavorfulThe south indian shrimp curry - This is another favorite of mineFor appetizers, like an Indian restaurant, they have samosas. Let's say you are bored of samosas - try the lamb spring rolls. They can be shared by 2 and are very tasty.Biryani - I like the biryani but I find the chicken breast too dry. It's a challenging dish to make and they do a decent job of it.I would like to conclude by saying this is a very good (underrated) Indian restaurant in New York City and is actually one of my goto restaurants in Astoria. Small seating, great food, good for takeout - need I say more.
Amazing! I could not beam about this place more! We went for my mothers birthday with a reservation and easily found parking right outside.    The place is teeny tiny and crowded but who cares when the service and food is phenomenal!? The waiter were always very polite, fast, and kept the water cups always full.     They brought out an appetizer immediately that's on the house and it was so fantastic and they were also cool with giving another portion of it on the house when I asked, even though I would've been perfectly happy to pay- the chip thing with the dips was awesome.     For the main dishes we had chicken tikka masala, chicken vindaloo, and chicken tandoori and they were all really wonderful!!! The vindaloo is very hot (obviously) so would only recommend is you actually enjoy having your mouth on fire for the evening. I really cannot rave more about this lovely tiny place.     We tried all of the desserts and I can easily say that the best one was the Gulab Jamun. It may sound intimidating to those who imagine rose water would taste bitter but it doesn't. It's just a dough ball dipped and stewing in a very very sweet syrup. I'd recommend you share this dessert because it is WAY too sweet for one person. The Kheer (rice pudding) tastes exactly how you'd assume but has a minty quality to it (although I'm very certain there's no actual mint in there) but beware of an aftertaste...still very good though. And lastly the Rasmalai (described as light cheese disks with pistachio), well you will never taste the pistachio really so no worries there it is very subtle but I didn't like this dessert because it tasted exactly how you imagine hand lotion would taste. The exact texture and flavor you'd assume hand lotion would taste like and also smelled like hand lotion as well (that part was lovely). Do with that info what you will but know I am not lying.    I will gladly be returning here any time for Indian cuisine that is done right. Delicious! And the pricing is also very fair.
Despite many previous opportunities, this past Sunday was my first time at Seva. A bunch of friends and I came for the brunch buffet, which is a great deal at $11pp. That said, your options are pretty limited by sheer lack of space. When I went, there was only room for 5 main items: chicken vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, navratan korma, saag paneer, and chana masala. Minus 1 for lack of variety in meats. There was of course also naan, jasmine rice, various spicy relishes/sauces, and kheer (rice pudding) for dessert.I tried everything but the korma and I would say it's good, not great Indian food. I don't know how this compares to the rest of Astoria, but it's on par if not slightly below some of the buffets in Jackson Heights. My favorite was the chicken vindaloo, which was very flavorful and spicier than I expected for being out on the buffet line. The chicken tikka masala was the only dish that truly disappointed. Though I'm sure it's a matter of personal preference only, this was the creamiest tikka masala I've ever had to the point where I wouldn't have guessed that was what it was if you'd put it in a blind taste test for me. Could have done with way more tomato and spices. I also wasn't a fan of the kheer, which was pretty thick and clumpy. Per other comments, they are very good with water refills! Otherwise didn't have too much staff interaction being that I was only here for the buffet. All in all, $11 is a fine Indian buffet deal so can't complain. I would come back for a proper dinner, which I think is probably the better option.
This place was terrific! The food was delicious . we ordered the chicken Tika masala, with green chili chicken... for appetizer we got sample platter which in my opinion was a generous amount! On top of everything else the service was amazing, I think I have never seen a more attentive and polite staff!
Went back for the lunch buffet and absolutely loved it. If you like Indian and like this is a steal.
My go to for Indian. Delicious food + friendly staff.  I haven't had anything I didn't like from here. Prices are reasonable too!
One of the best Indian food places in Queens. I've ordered for pick up from here several times and each meal never disappoints. My favorites are the chicken korma and the lamb rogan josh. For vegetarians there's the saag paneer and another dish which doesn't seem tp be on the menu but it was paneer in a korma-like sauce. The rice is also very tasty prepared with what seems to be cumin seeds. Consistency is very important in a restaurant and this is the first Indian restaurant in all of Queens that has made consistent, flavorful dishes every time. To top it off, the staff is very friendly, helpful, and hospitable. They never get my order wrong. I would highly recommend this eatery. It's definitely worth the trek out to Astoria if you don't live nearby.
Fantastic little spot, cute date night idea if you both love garlic and sweating on a date (not such a bad thing right?). So far, my favorite stop for Indian in the city. The vindaloo is exceptionally spicy (beyond what you would normally expect for this dish - which tends to be the spiciest dish on an Indian menu). The naan is exceptional, and the dishes are really quite full-flavored. Wine is also inexpensive, which is nice. These factors for a 4-star rating. Don't know that this would be an upgrade candidate, but I'd definitely walk in the cold to come here for dinner (and have done so - twice this year!).
Delicious curries! It would behoove you to opt for the prie fixed menu since you get an appetizer, entree, and dessert all for ~$15. Chicken Tikka masala, lamb coconut curry, vegetable curries, and the butternut squash soup appetizer explode with flavor. This place is my go-to for a small and intimate indian restaurant with great customer service! They may have stopped the BYOB service but ask anyway if you bring a bottle of wine.
Seva is my new favorite place to order from. My favorite items are the vegetable samosas and the channa masala. I have tried many of their vegan options, and I'm happy that they are so vegan friendly. My only complaint is the roti. It costs $3 which is way too much considering that it is just one single piece (super dry and hard) wrapped in a piece of foil. It should probably just come free with whatever you order. I just don't understand why they would charge $3 for that. Besides that, I'm a fan.
If there was a secret 6th star I could Seva - I would. Seva is the best Indian restaurant that I have come across. Yes, all these reviewers rave about how wonderful the food here at Seva is and I am not disagreeing with them. The food is AMAZING but what makes me say this restaurant is the best is not solely based on their food, it is because of the outstanding and thoughtful staff. My friend and I went here this weekend and she is deathly allergic to nuts. We asked the waitress what items had nuts and not only did she give us details on what had nuts, she gave us some of the menu items that she said she could have the chef prepare without nuts. She also gave my friend peppermint tea because she could not have any of the desserts. It was so thoughtful. She not only made us feel safe in ordering, she went above and beyond what we normally get at restaurants. Seva's food is definitely noteworthy but their staff has made them one of my favorite dinning establishments.
Best Indian food I've ever had. I typically get the chicken tikki or lamb rogu, both very delicious. Portions are great and the ambiance soft and romantic. The best part after the food - THE STAFF. Everyone here is so lovely and hospitable, you feel like you're eating at someone's home. Mango lassi is also very delicious, if you have room after dinner! Love this place :)
I branched out, and tried some new items lately, and revisited some old friends on the menu.  I was a little wah wah when I noticed that either the lamb spring roll has become the victim of a shrink ray, or they accidentally gave me the entree portion the first time I ordered.  But the flavors were all there, and amazing!I tried the Malai Kofta (Vegetable croquets, yogurt, coconut and fresh cream).  Beautiful, creamy, mild through flavorful, four hearty dumplings.  A really good vegetarian option!!Tandoori Mixed Grill - Awesome, because they nail the tandoori factor while not giving you dried out meat!!!!!!!!!!  I've had large portions at other establishments...but this is quality!Chicken Vindaloo - GOODNESS GRACIOUS!!  I do love Seva because they don't spice things for the American palate....but DAG!!!!  Their vindaloo is spiced the way others interpret Rogan Josh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  And I ordered this bad boy at regular heat!!  All the flavor was still there...but WOW!!!!  This dish is only for the TRUE and EXPERIENCED spice lover.Oh, Seva.  How I love you :-)
I just realized I had never reviewed Seva...what was I waiting for?  This place is incredible turning Indian food from something I'd have every once in awhile to easily one of my favorite cuisines.  When I first moved to Astoria I tried the others, but now I don't even think twice.  Seva, every single time.If delivery your food will always arrive on-time, perfectly prepared and will taste on point.  The food travels well (I've saved a few of their containers for tupperware) and the nan will always come hot wrapped in tinfoil.  I've never had an issue.However, you should really get the whole experience and eat at Seva when you can.  The place is charming and cozy.  It's a great date spot.  Though it is small, I haven't had to wait long, if it at all.  Every person who works there is friendly and attentive.  Coming from someone who chugs down their water, I'm never left with under half a cup.They have a lunch special and a Prix Fixe menu that is hard to pass on.  The Prix Fixe has all the staples with tasty appetizers and rice pudding at the end.  You really can't go wrong with their samosas (so flavorful) or their spring rolls.  I really want to try their pakora, it always looks so good (next time I swear)!  I usually have some leftovers of the main dish that they gladly package up for you.If you want chicken tikka masala, search no further.  The vindaloo is too spicy for me unless I'm feeling dangerous, but the spicy version of the tikka masala is perfect.  I never leave any of the sauce behind.  Saag with some nan is always a winner too.  Speaking of the nan, it perfectly compliments every dish!  They have several delicious kinds, but if you're unsure get the garlic nan.  I could live off of their nan, but with their selection of entrees I don't have to.I really love this place, always leaving full and satisfied (and usually some leftovers to boot).  In an area with such fantastic food options, Seva really stands out.  It doesn't hurt your wallet or leave you wanting.  Plus, it is right next door to Sweet Afton one of the coolest bars in the area.  Do yourself a favor and check out Seva.  Like all my friends I've taken here, you'll want to come back again and again.
I must give them 5 stars. My then date, now husband, and I came back for our first dinner as an official married couple. The same deal was available -prix fix app, entree, and dessert. We ordered extra naan and we didn't finish any of our dishes. Those plates and bowls are so deceiving. Chicken tikka masala and lamb vindalo.  Th e vindaloo was so spicy. Don't get the chicken samosa. Veggie ones are much better. We brought the leftovers back with us and ate our for a late night snack..well my husband did...We'd def come back for more Indian food here
Service is excellent. Food is amazing and decently priced. They have an all you can eat special on the weekends for a great price. I came for the lunch special. If you're in the area and want Indian, give this place a try.
Authentic? Maybe not but taste value and service all great. Brunch buffet is so good although their chicken masala is sometimes dry (the chicken) but still delicious.
This is some of the best indian food I have eaten. The service is quick and the food is tasty.Always hits the spot.
Have nothing but good things to say about Seva. Came here on a Friday night and the restaurant was packed! It's a small and cozy restaurant perfect for a date night. They do alot of deliveries and takeouts as well. We ordered from the prefix menu which was $13 with your choice of app, entree and rice pudding dessert. For appetizer, I ordered the masala crab cake with mint and lemon-cilantro dip and for entree, chicken tikka masala with basmati rice. All the dishes had this distinct, robust and aromatic flavors of spices that was out of this world delicious! I also ordered a side of cilantro naan (Indian flatbread) to dip in the chicken tikka masala. The naan was so soft and fluffy with bits of cilantro on top. I must say that the service was impeccable.  The waiters are constantly going around filling your glass of water so there wasn't a time where I had to ask for a refill. Also they place a candle on every table but I guess they are so busy running around that when someone walks by, the candle blows out! But they are very attentive where the candle was immediately replaced within seconds! Talk about good service! Will definitely come back and try the ayce on the weekends for brunch!
Home style cooked Indian comfort food where the portions are just right and the spices give it just enough of a kick to get your sinuses running. I've tried numerous dishes here and they've all been flavorful and yummy. The samosas have jalapeños in them, so be careful. The garlic naan is served with chock full of garlic topping on top...heaven for garlic lovers like me. Service is warm, and you can call ahead to make reservations for a large group. Go for the prix fixe dinner, more bang for your buck.
Execellent service and really delicious indian food for a change. Thank u for the free wine or lasi offer when u check in.
The service is what stands out as much as the flavors. The menu has no photos so I used yelp photos to decide and everything is as good as it looks.It was clear to see that the staff work very well together or at least know how to plate and bring food to a table making it easy to keep the experience going.  For $50, we had two entres, an app, and two glasses of wine.
Hands down my favorite Indian restaurant in not just Astoria, but all of New York. It comes very close to mom-made food that I grew up on at home so I would give Seva five stars based on food alone. :)My favorite dishes are the lamb korma and paneer makhani. I also love their fennel chicken curry which is very homey and is perfect when I'm craving a simpler curry. I would say the same for their channa masala and chicken or lamb saag. Honestly, I've never had anything from Seva that didn't taste authentically "desi" and homey to me. The spice level is also close to what you'd be used to in most South Asian homes, the regular spice level is usually sufficiently spicy for me, unlike most Indian restaurants in the city where they tone it down quite a bit. And you can rely on the food quality and taste to always be consistently good, I've never had a bad order at Seva whether dining in or taking out. What blows my mind, however, is that for such a small place that's ALWAYS super-busy, the service at Seva is top notch every time! The wait staff is very friendly and quick. I remember the one time I tried a new appetizer there that I didn't like much (fried bok choy blossoms), the manager noticed that we didn't finish it and asked if everything was okay. I told him it wasn't bad but just too deep fried for my liking, and he didn't charge us for the appetizer! It was a totally unexpected gesture which we appreciated so much.I'm trying to think of the negatives about Seva. Hmm. I've had the weekend lunch buffet once and thought it was good, but a bit underwhelming for some reason, maybe because it doesn't dazzle you with a million options like most other Indian lunch buffets. Still a good deal though. Oh and their music playlist could use a change, although I might be the only one noticing this over the years. :)Have been a happy patron of Seva for several years now and I'm sure I will continue to be. This place is a keeper. :)
If you're having a cheat day.. Get the fried appetizer sampler and the chicken tikka masala with basmati rice. This place is amazing the food is delectable. The flavors are bold and everything you would hope for in Indian cuisine.
Delicious!!! Small little restaurant that cooks amazing Indian food. Their curries are rich and heavy, and really hits the spot every time. Samosas were really good, as well as the fresh garlic naan that was flavorful and perfect. Portions are a little small though, but the prices are low for the area. The delivery is fast and the delivery guys are always super nice and polite. Highly recommend over Namaste and all the other Indian places in the neighborhood!
I came to Seva in Astoria for dinner to introduce Indian cuisine to my girlfriend, and it was extremely well prepared and absolutely delicious. I'm hate to admit that I haven't had the opportunity to explore the food culture of South Asia much in New York as of yet, but I do love the aromatic flavors that it brings to the palate.We each got a mango lassi and a vegetable samosa to start off, and split and order of the chicken tikka masala and the lamb vindaloo.The mango lassi was very good, sweet (but not overpowering) with the taste of mango, yet thick and slightly sour from the yogurt. One of the best mango lassis I've had the pleasure of drinking, and was great to cull the spiciness of the other dishes.The samosas were huge! The order had two pieces and they were roughly the size of baseballs. They were delicious and I would definitely recommend them to start off any meal here.The chicken tikka masala was very good, perfectly seasoned so that it was slightly sweet yet so savory and complex in flavor from the various herbs. The chicken was tender, moist, and generously portioned.When I ordered the lamb vindaloo, our server warned me that it would be extremely spicy; I refused to back down. It did not disappoint. As someone who doesn't even flinch when eating Szechuan cuisine, this dish had a great level of spice that really burns for a while afterwards. And the lamb was cooked to perfection (tender, yet with a bite, almost like al dente pasta haha).Overall, I was very satisfied with my dinner visit and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for delicious Indian food!
I came here for the first time many moons ago, and was sorely disappointed by a curry dish that tasted of perfume and carrots, and vowed never to return again.  Now that I'm back in the area, and everyone is always raving about Seva, I decided to give it a go.  We ordered in some paneer makhni and breads, which were surprisingly tasty and appropriately spiced.  Most of the other Astoria Indian places can't seem to get the spice right, so this was especially exciting.  I can't speak for the samosas, because I don't like them, but I hear they're nice.  Delivery is fast and hot.  Overall, two yums up.
Solid choice for Indian, would definitely come back.Service was attentive and polite, my water was always being refilled. It's a little chilly depending on where you sit but when the waiter saw I was cold I think he turned up the heat for me. Sweet!The chicken samosa was delicious. Warm and earthy plated on their slightly spicy green and red sauces. So good! The chicken tikka masala (ask for it spicy!) was delicious, though the chicken was overcooked to the point of being on the dry side. I ate a few piece to get my serving of protein but focused mainly on sopping up that tasty sauce with my garlic naan. The rice pudding was nice but I wouldn't get it again, I'm not a huge fan of rice pudding to begin with but it's the only dessert that comes with the prix fixe.
I no longer live in NY, but I always hit up Seva when I visit. It turned me onto Indian food and haven't found any better since. Always fresh and quality flavorful ingredients. And a very reasonable price.
Lamb spring rolls, lamb spring rolls..... did I say lamb spring rolls. They are so so delicious! I'm salivating just thinking about them. I definitely recommend them as an appetizer. Me and a friend tried the pre-fix dinner which is a good deal, for $14.95 you get an appetizer, entree and desert. I had the a chicken samosa and lamb vindaloo that was delicious and very spicy, just to my liking. The staff is really nice and the place is small and intimate. I highly recommend checking out the place and if you're going for a weekend dinner,it would be wise to make reservations as it gets really busy and crowded. I'm guessing that's because of the delicious food. Enjoy:)
My friend was flabbergasted when I told her I never really had Indian food before. (Does a sampling of Trader Joe's microwaveable Chicken Tikka Masala count? No? Fine.) She immediately remedied this situation by dragging me to Seva.I have to mention that the service here is EXCELLENT. They are so good about refilling water, it's incredible. I challenge you to drink your cup of water at a normal rate and try to get to the bottom of it. It won't happen, they simply won't let you. The waitstaff is incredibly kind, polite, and attentive, and I'm not sure I've ever been to a place with service quite like this.The pre fixe menu is actually great for sharing if you and a friend are not quite hungry, but just want a bite to eat (though the dessert is tiny). Forgive me for not knowing any Indian names for food, but here goes:As an appetizer, the lamb spring roll was really large, and the ground meat was well seasoned with salt and spices. They said it was "mild" but I'm super sensitive to spice, so it had me panting. In comes with a small amount of the cooling yogurt sauce to help tone that down.As a main course, I had the vegetarian spinach and chick pea dish with rice. Don't worry, zero spice in this one, but creamy and satisfying. I felt pretty darn healthy just eating this.The rice pudding dessert seemed pretty standard to me, but still quite tasty. Though you only get about 4-5 bites worth. I made sure to take small ones and make it last longer.Oh oh! How could I forget to mention the Nan?! This was outstanding! It tasted like really amazing pizza dough with a garlic butter sauce (if you ordered the plain one, that is). The only down side is that ordering just nan is $3.50 when the standard going rate is about $1 per piece. Really well made though.Prior to the meal, you get a little dish of two giant pop chips or something with a dipping sauce. Nice add on.I would absolutely come back here to explore more Indian dishes, since they seem to do them right. They also apparently have a $15 buffet special that I'd love to try. Don't forget their $7.50 lunch and $13.50 deliver special, seems like quite the deal.
Hello Seva from a California fan. We got there pretty late and they were super accommodating. Four of us, 3 New Yorkers and me, the tourist. I got the $14 prix fixe meal which in my case included samosa, chicken tikka masala with rice and rice pudding as dessert. I loved it all. Hearty portions. I took food home which came in handy the next day, since it was freezing and I could not go out. I will be back.
Order from here all the time and it is very very very very good.  Anything with the Tika Masala sauce is bomb - the Saag Paneer sauce is bomb, and the tandori chicken is bomb.  This place will blow you away.  oh yeah and the veggie samosa's ROCK! The only detraction I have is for the meat samosa's and the lamb appetizer thing.  No good.  No sir, not at all.  A little on the pricer side for delivery - but if you're feeling like having a glorious evening of finely spiced foods then look no farther.
I LOVE their lunch special. Soup + Main Entree + Rice for just $8!!! And it's the same dinner portion you usually get also. It's becoming my favorite delivery/takeout place in the neighborhood.The food is delicious. Love their yummy soups and saag dishes.
God I fucking hate driving to Astoria.  People drive like assholes.  The traffic is shit.  Parking sucks.  But Seva is here, so it's worth the hassle.The $10 lunch buffet is so cheap it's criminal.  You don't get the extravagant spread like you would at Chola in the city (which is still better by the way, but costs 2x as much), but for what they offer you, it's a home run.  The samosas here kick serious ass.  They are huge though, so be careful.  Plenty of naan also is a plus.  The chicken tikka masla is really solid.   The chicken vindaloo is damn spicy but worth the eventual pain in your anus.  The vegetarian options are also solid.  Add to that some rice pudding for dessert and you're pretty much good.  I can see why this place gets great reviews.  The flavor of the curries are solid.  The service is extremely fast and good.  My only minor gripes are that this place is small and you end up smelling like a giant curry ball when you walk out.  But it's worth it.  For me it's even worth the aggravation of driving in Astoria, so what does that tell you?!
This is my favorite go to Indian spot in queens.  Service is excellent and food is good.  I can't eat spicy and they make mild chicken saag just right!
Seva have a nice staff under its belt and is recognized as a clean place with a decent selection for buffet (kinda small but how much Indian can you really eat anyway?). But for $10, shove your complaints to the side and start going to town with that saag paneer!
Dinner:3 course Pre-Fixe with appetizer+ entree+ Basmati Rice and dessert for under $15 each!This is by far the best indian food i've had ever. The quality and service is impeccable!The waiters are attentive and polite, and the food is amazing. Weekend Lunch buffet (11-4pm)AYCE for $10.99, i think but regardless it's inexpensive and the quality is superb.Naan,samosas, tikki Maasala, Daal & ghost with basmati rice and pudding for dessert!Definitely will be back for both dinner and Weekend lunch buffet!
Really good food. Really dirty place.Food is interesting and they have some not-so-typical Indian dishes on the menu that they do well: like their butternut squash soup that is delicious.But it's small. And dirty. And you walk by the kitchen on the way to the bathroom and can see the the not-so-clean upstairs is better than the kitchen.... Chicken tikka, the vindaloos, the Nan all have good flavor and very satisfying.Used to be a regular and stopped coming because the food wasn't that special to justify how dirty it is.Cracked and visibly dirty pitchers of water, trays, etc.Small and usually a wait.. If you do go make a reservation.
Prices are fair and food is very tasty. Most of their dishes are HOT so if you can't actually handle spicy food you may want to tell them to make it mild. I normally ask for Indian restaurants to bump up the heat on my dishes, but I forgot to tell them that at Seva and it still came out flaming hot to the point I almost couldn't handle the heat. I can only imagine what would have happened if I told them to make it hot. Place itself is a little cramped so take-out may be a better option. Like this place and will definitely return.
For Astoria Seva is by far my favorite Indian food. It's solid on location and perfect delivery as well.They run hot and I like it! But what I like most about it at Seva is their not only vegetarian options but their vegan options as well. I'm also blown away by Indian places in New York having very few vegan options. Isn't that why other people eat Indian? Maybe it's just me, but when a vegan meal craving hits Indian is my first thought and now Seva fills that void. I'm especially a fan of the Baigan Bhartha. Which is perfectly roasted and mashed eggplant, with baby green peas, onions, and tomatos. That and a piece of naan are my heaven on cold Astoria nights.
BEST INDIAN FOOD IN QUEENS!I get take out from here when I'm in Astoria.  The delivery special is just delicious.  On weekends, go for a cheap all you can eat brunch.
I love the food here.  It's probably the best Indian food in Astoria. The value of their delivery special is really great! I would probably lean towards 3.5 stars because of their food's deliciousness.However, high food quality does not excuse their extremely poor service. They frequently do not answer the phone or respond to online orders. Additionally, they often get orders incorrect and forget items and feel no obligation to make it right. Don't be surprised if you wait ~2 hours for an order.
I love Seva!! Have been coming here to enjoy authentic Indian food for many years. It's actually the only Indian place in Astoria I'll go to, because I'm too stubborn to try any place new. Plus, if it isn't broken why fix it? I know here I'll get a meal I love, leave satisfied, with leftovers, while receiving attentive and friendly service. It's a small place, very simply decorated. The workers and servers always have a smile. They never rush you. My favorite things are the pakora, vegetable samosa, Nan bread, sag paneer, chicken paneer (all white meat), tikka masala and chicken masala. Their basmati rice always fresh and fluffy. They also don't skimp on the heat when you request spicy. The sauces are popping with flavor. Overall, the flavor profiles can't come more correct. The dishes are simple and traditional served in vessels that are conducive in containing heat and/or coldness. What's always impressive is seeing their own people coming to the restaurant to enjoy the food. That's always a good sign that the food is real deal. The portions are more than fair. I always leave with 1 or 2 servings for the next day. I do wish this place was a bit bigger and brighter. It's a bit dark but I'll take that over the tacky florescent & artificial lighting like many places on Indian row in Manhattan. I also, at times, wish they had a bathroom that didn't feel like you were going to kill yourself to use (the steps are really steep, so take caution). These  are small things that don't take anything away from how amazing the food and service is. I don't think I'll ever stop frequenting. As long as Seva remains in the neighborhood, I'll be eating here and I'll also be ordering for delivery when the craving hits, fairly often. If you're looking for undeniably delicious Indian cuisine, run to Seva. You'll be happy with the choice!
One of the best Indian restaurants I've ever been to, and trust me, I'm picky (and grew up eating it!). I've eaten at the restaurant and ordered delivery as well - great flavors, generous portions. They ain't playin with the vindaloo so watch out. The paneer makhni is on the sweet side but I love it.
Love this place. First Indian restaurant my wife and I tried after moving to Astoria, and it was like experiencing Indian food for the first time. Love the samosas (large and in charge), though the green sauce is inconsistent every time we eat from here. The vindaloo (mild) is very spicy, and I love spicy. Very small dining area. Delivery usually works out OK. This is one of my go-to places around 30th Ave.
Ate here last night and was blown away by the amazing service and food. AND amazing prices. $15 for a starter, entree, and dessert, and there's enough food that I'll have lunch for 2 days (I'll just have to make a little more rice).  My friend that came with me had never had Indian food before and was asking a lot of questions, which some servers might find annoying, but our server (and even the manager came over unsolicited because he wanted to help!) was so patient and seemed to genuinely care that she enjoyed her meal. Authentic, delicious food, nice atmosphere and clean, cozy place, great value, and SUPER friendly and helpful staff. Will definitely be coming back here!
I ordered the Chicken Samosas and Chicken Tikka Masala (Spicy) and both were delicious!  The samosas were huge - came 2 per order and delicious with the ground chicken and spices and cooked perfectly!  The chicken tikka masala was delicious and I ordered it spicy and it did have a kick which was great!Delivery was fast and overall it was a great meal.  I definitely recommend Seva!!
Ordered Veggie Samosas,very  delicious and filling. Masala crab cakes were ok, Garlic Nan was definitely delicious, especially with the green chutney, Saag Paneer was good, but the Malai Kofta was definitely excellent. AMAZING complex flavors!!!!! Hot and spicy ! Definitely order extra green chutney, you will not regret it! Arrived hot and within the time frame they said. Will definitely order again.
Quiet, intimate, date night or friend night kind of vibe.  I love coming here because the food is always a taste sensation and hits the spot when I crave Indian food.  They don't shy away from the use of spice or spiciness in their cuisine, which is refreshing .  The price point is moderate and I love that there's a prix fix option, helps those who are indecisive by allowing them try a bit of everything.
This place is amazing, great food and great service. We were seated promptly. The appetizers  we had the lamb spring rolls and vegetable samosas, which were extremely good. For dinner my sister and I had the chicken tikki marsala  and I had the lamb vindaloo. Oh man the spices,the smell, everything  was amazing, we even had garlic nan  bread. For dessert we had their rice pudding to share. I highly recommend  this place
I am so happy this place is good because it so close to my place.I went for the special which is an app. entree and a desert  for $13.50 I went for the chicken samosa which I have never had before, I think I like the veggy ones better but it was still super crispy and yummy.Next was the chicken vindaloo which was awesome, super spicy and so much flavor.I also got  the kheer and also I got some garlic naan.Everything was so good just as I was hoping. The amount of food you get is enough for two people.Overall everything was great, I am planning to go again soon and take Baby D.
Had dinner here last night. The group I was with had the Lamb Korma, Chicken Tikka, and Chicken Korma, Vegetable Samosas. The food and service were both very good. All the wait staff were very attentive, and did their best, especially considering that the place was full. Food was all quite good and put on the table pretty quickly.The only issue we had was a by product of Seva's success. Namely that when the place was full, the noise level was incredibly loud. It's a small place, with nothing to absorb the sound. Very difficult to even have a conversation with the person(s) at your table, without shouting (which escalates the noise). Kind of spoils the 'hospitable' experience. I don't know that they can solve the problem.If you want a delicious Indian meal, and want to eat in peace, or talk to your companions, get take out.
Update*****I was contacted by the owner after writing my review. He assured me that they would work hard to take care of my allergies provided I was willing to give them notice. He offered us the opportunity to order a meal tonight and he would provide an onion free meal to show us what they could do. The meal was a feast. We had roti, Aloo Gobi matar, Mulgitawni Soup, and Chana Saag. The dinner was amazing. Food arrived hot, tasty and amazing. I didn't have to add seasoning to anything. Incredible flavors, and textures. I will definitely be caking ahead and placing onion free orders in the future. The Chana Saag might be my new favorite thing. ----------previous review-------I just called to make an order from this Astoria staple. I was told that no attempt to accommodate my life threatening onion allergy was possible because "we put onions in everything." "That's how it's supposed to taste."  I understand that some things are prepped too early to help me out, but to be told that I couldn't eat anything. Terrible customer service.
Great service. Great food. Great buffet selection. The only con is that the bathroom is downstairs so keep that in mind when you've got a full stomach. I've been here twice for the weekend buffet and I definitely plan on coming back for lunch or dinner.
VERY good. This place is tiny, so be sure to get there early or make a reservation if you're going for dinner. I went on a Tuesday night and it was full by 7pm. It can be a bit cramped and the restaurant is a weird setup, with the seating area on the top floor, and the bathroom and kitchen all below ground level. Service was great, prices were good, and the food was outstanding. Maybe the best Indian I've had in NYC so far.First, the Vegetable Samosas are solid. They are among the spiciest samosas I've had though, particularly when combined with the cilantro sauce. This place packs the heat, and I was thrilled about that!The garlic naan was huge - two massive pieces come with each order, so it is MORE than enough for 2 people. I ordered Paneer Makhni and it was delicious. I ordered it medium, and it was perfectly spiced without being too overwhelming. I will definitely return to Seva next time I'm in Astoria.
So good, great value, really tasty meals - do the prix file deal!Came here based on the strong Yelp reviews, and Yelp was right.  Again, of course.  Small place, no air conditioning (be aware in hot months!), but good service and great food.We both got the prix fixe deals, which offered a samosa or roll - the lamb spring roll is damn good, very very worthwhile.  Her samosa was really good too, not greasy at all just full of flavorMy lamb rogan josh - wow, really tasty, not spicy at medium level, very good.  Her chicken tikka masala - good, standard, by extremely tender.  In both cases, the meat just fell apart when touched by the forks, which is really good stuff.The naan - not great, not the most flavor.  And the dessert rice pudding was just okay - again nothing special.  But everything else was super tasty.  And the service was good.  Just be aware that it can get hot in there in the summer, no AC.
I love coming here for Indian food. Not only is it delicious but it's also a great value. Their $14 pre-fixe includes an app, entree and dessert. The portions are generous so I had leftovers to bring home. I really love their tamarind sauce. I think I can just pour it on rice and it'll still be delicious. I love their tikka masala, saag paneer, aloo gobi and their naan is always delicious. I visit at least once a quarter.
The dinner special is a great deal with lots of food as everyone else has already mentioned. My favorite to get is the chicken tikka masala and the vegetable samosas. The big star, however, was the rice. It was very fragrant and could stand on it's own. There were an actual bay leaf and cinnamon stick in mine. I took away one star since some of the other dishes were a little bit too salty. The restaurant is a bit small and cramped, but it wasn't a problem for me since I chose 'pick up'. I need to go back to try their butternut squash soup.
I've been to Seva a few times and the food never disappoints. It's a small restaurant that's able to pack a lot of tables. Bad thing is that it means that there isn't much room for those waiting for a table. I don't mind this too much, but during the winter, it does put a damper on the evening.Once seated and  with a menu, I'm a happy camper. I scan through the menu and find that they have a great prix fixe menu. Lots of options for appetizers, entrees, and desserts. I ordered the Vegetable Samosa, a potato and green peas dumpling with mint and tamarind chutneys on the side; Chicken Tikka Masala, a clay oven cooked chicken with light cream tomato sauce, with basmati rice; and Gulab Jamun, round honey dumplings with rosewater and cardamom. Everything was delicious. The Gulab Jamun dessert was a little too sweet for me, but definitely a treat. You have to get the Naan with your meal. It's great for picking up all the leftover curry sauce.Overall, I think this is a real gem in Astoria.
I went to the lunch buffet. I had three full plates. I had seconds of the chicken marsala, paneer, and chickpeas something. I ordered an additional lamb biryani, it was seasoned well and the lamb was tender.
I am moving to Brooklyn next week and have seriously considered stocking up on their Chicken Tikka Masala, Baigan Bartha and Butternut Squash soup and freezing it for emergencies. This is by far the best Indian food I've ever had and literally a reason why I slightly hesitated to leave Astoria.
One of the best Indian food restaurants in NYC. Authentic, great staff and the ambience is really nice. I've probably tried their entire menu and so far, haven't found anything I dislike. The parathas are sometimes on the drier/harder side, but the Nan's are amazing. Their prefix menu is great and is perfect if its just 2 people on a budget. Overall, amazing food - I keep going back there :)
Went here for the buffet. They are constantly running out of plates and silverware. Customers are reusing their buffet plates, and it's unsanitary and gross.The food was ok, nothing to brag about. The only redeeming quality is their chicken tikka masala; the sauce was creamy and the chicken is tender. The mango lassi came out of a can and the fresh lemonade is simply lemonade, don't think we don't notice the shortcuts.Overall, this place is popular because of its location, multiple reviews on yelp, and the Tikka chicken. Most of the crowd is not indian, and I don't know if they have had enough indian cuisine to be raving about this place. I'll be exploring better options next time.
This place is amazing. The food was excellent. I got the basic chicken tikka masala and it was incredible. Some of the best I've had in Indian Restaurants in Queens. The service was amazing. You literally couldn't drink more than a tiny bit of your water before they refilled it. They should give those guys a raise. Give this place a try.
I have never had Indian food until this place. It's fine, I'm from the Midwest. But I got really high at the beach and wanted to try something new. I went here with my girlfriend and I was amazed. I was so happy that I went outside my comfort zone.
Seva is our go-to for Indian food in the neighborhood. Actually, not really "go-to," since we've never actually gone there, but when we want consistently delicious Indian food delivered in a reasonable amount of time, we call Seva.By far, my favorite dish there is the baigan bhartha. The eggplant is silky and spicy, and the peas and onions give it just the right contrast in texture. With a side of paratha, it's just the thing when I want something spicy but well-balanced.Their daal is good. Very simple, lightly spiced. Also on our list of regular orders are the chana saag and aloo gobi matar. All of this is so flavorful and delicious, you forget it's vegan. Not all their selections are vegetarian or vega. They have a good non-vegetarian menu. Though not authentic Indian, my favorite is the chicken tikka masala. The sauce is so rich and creamy, and the chicken is always tender.I would definitely recommend ordering from here for delivery.
Good selection of Indian food - as an Indian that loves my spices, and a vegetarian who loves the art of flavorful variety, this was OKThe pakoras too crisp, Kofta needed more marination and the roti a little ghee. Lassi was light as it should be and the raita dip a delight. Would come again with guests as the service and atmosphere are five star
Amazing food. Great service.reasonably priced when compared to some indian restaurants in lexington av. And they do make dishes that are not in the menu if you request it. Like paneer tikka masala (which i just love). The waiters are super attentive.MUST TRY DISH IS THE NAAN. Omg!! They're so soft that they melt in your mouth. Best ever.
This place is one of my favorite indian restaurants in astoria. I have to start by mentioning the service quality. On point. These guys are so hospitable and engaging with the customers. It definetly adds to the experience. The food is amazing. I like the Lamb dishes and garlic naan. They also sometimes will change the menu meat for you. I wanted lamb instead of chicken curry once and they made it for me.Brunch is great too. It's a brunch buffet so if you're not to keen on your indian food its a great opportunity to try their menu and see what you like. Go here. You'll like it .
This place was so good! We had been meaning to try it and finally did. Now we wish we'd tried it sooner. We both got the vindaloo which is one of the spiciest dishes available. We knew this because we love spicy food, but they asked us what level of spice we wanted which was nice. We told them to make it very spicy and they did, which I'm glad for (because a lot of places don't even when you ask them to).  It was delicious and filling, we'll definitely be back.
My wife and I have a great time every time we go to Seva. The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and we like the atmosphere. They are always handy with water refills and to make sure you are doing well. The only possible downside is the tables are small and sometimes when it's full it can feel a little tight, but I don't feel it's worth losing a star on the rating.The vindaloo is EXTREMELY hot. I love spicy food, and I was completely overwhelmed. The waiter did warn me a couple of times as I was ordering that the vindaloo is super super spicy, I should have taken his word for it! I would be careful ordering the vindaloo. The kheer rice pudding is delicious. Definitely try it out!Would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting good Indian food in the neighborhood.
The food is filled with flavored, we got several dishes chicken tikka masala, a goat dish, palak paneer and vegetable samosas. The samosas are ginormous! All three dishes came with a side of basmati rice and everything was served in round bowls which makes it great for sharing. They give you complimentary rice pudding and who doesn't love rice pudding?!
Hold on, let me compose myself.Okay.  This place is amazing.  The decor is perfect, and I wish I had one of their beautiful hanging lights in my apartment.  Unlike some other places in the neighborhood, the music is upbeat but doesn't overtake the experience, and lets you have a conversation at a normal volume.  The waitstaff is phenomenal, constantly monitoring how much water is in your cup, and asking how the food is.  The answer to that question?  VERY, VERY GOOD.  For $13.50 per person you get an appetizer, entree, and a dessert - can't be beat for the quality of the food.  After having some crispy complimentary treats with two dipping sauces, my guy and I shared the crab cake and veggie samosa.  Both were awesome.  The crab cake stood out because 1) I didn't expect to see it on the menu and 2) we both really liked the yogurt sauce that came with it.  He also got the butternut squash soup, which I tasted, and was fantastic and spiced perfectly.For entrees, he had the lamb Vindaloo - very spicy.  I didn't taste it but he kept raving about it.  I had the Aloo Gobi Matar, mild - a little more adventurous that I'd usually go - it was fragrant and hearty, having potatoes, cauliflower and peas in a delicious sauce.  During the meal we kept saying "I'm so full but I can't stop eating because it's so good".  And how could I forget the freshly made naan?  Mmm.  Somehow we made room for a bit of dessert and I appreciated that the portions weren't huge.  The rice pudding was refreshing and the honey dumplings were nice and sweet.  A great end to a fantastic meal. I'm so excited to go back and bring more friends, to try more dishes!
Seva has a small dining area so I would think of a back-up restaurant in case there are no seats available when you arrive--this shouldn't be that hard, it is Astoria. I did found the entrees tasty and the service prompt. The bathroom is one of those "down a scary staircase in a basement" things you find in New York...not the prettiest. It isn't fine dining, but there is a nice feel about the place. An evening stroll through Astoria and a dinner at Seva would be a lovely date.
Great good and service. Best choice for indian food in astoria!
Favorite indian spot in astoria! Food is amazing and authentic. Delivery portions are large and allow for leftovers making it worth the extra wait time.
Very good place for affordable Indian food in a cozy atmosphere. Service is very attentive, but not overbearing, and they always make sure you have enough napkins when your hands are dripping from dipping your Naan.We got the prix fixe since it's such a good value. Crab cake was good though a bit too spicy for me (I'm a wimp). Chicken samosa was surprisingly tasty and humungo in size. Not too oily or with too thick a shell like most places, and had an amazing amount of flavorful chicken inside. I'm going to end up getting this samosa every time now.Chicken Tikka Masala, a fallback of mine, was standard fare though chicken was a little dry. Lamb Korma on the other hand was very tender. Both were solid dishes and what you would expect in flavor. The dessert that comes with the prix fixe, kheer, was the right amount of sweet (some places oversweeten it). We'll definitely be back when we're in the mood for Indian. Even though the food might not be drastically different from other nearby Indian places, and Ghandi's prix fixe is technically more of a deal, the comfy atmosphere (really love their unique colored lanterns!) and friendly staff would make this the better choice.
Fantastic little spot! The ambiance is really amazing and the food was just spectacular. I had Daal with Naan and it was amazing, very flavorful and full of spices. The chicken tandoori was also great but was a bit greasy for my taste. The chicken was aggressively spiced and had a bit too much garlic, but overall it tasted nice with the Raita. The service and the ambiance were great as well- Good place to take your date, too - if you don't mind a bit of sweating and a little garlic. Would definitely go there again.
I love Indian food but this place just does not stand out to me.My experience at Seva wasn't the best but it wasn't the worst. So my review is based off of two things, environment and food.Environment: This is a really nice place to bring a date to. The music was just a bit too loud but it's a nice dimly lit setting. Everyone is friendly and the staff is very attentive. It's a bit small and cramped so people kept bumping into my chair and table a couple of times. It was understandable but it was bit irritating. But the place is really clean. Even though the bathroom can be used between males and females, it's really clean. Props to a clean bathroom!Food: I ordered off the Prix Fixe Menu, with a chicken samosa to start, then the fennel chicken curry, finishing with the rice pudding. My friend ordered the butternut squash soup, with chicken tikka masala, and rice pudding. We also got two orders of the garlic naan.The filling inside the samosa was a bit bland and I didn't like how they had the sauces on the bottom on the plate with the samosa on top. It led the samosa to be soggy and no one likes a soggy samosa... (or maybe some people do!). The fennel chicken curry and the chicken tikka masala was tasty but because my appetizer was so big and heavy, I took two bites of rice and my entree and I was full. The butternut squash soup was WAYYY too sweet for my taste buds. The rice pudding was super tasty! That I loved! The garlic naan was just garlic.. I wished it was a bit more buttery instead of just salt and garlic.This is a cute spot. I would come again. Maybe next time, I'll just order half of what I ordered this time for two people. We took the leftovers home. We couldnt even finish 1/5 of the entrees. We had a lot of naan left over.
We ordered so many dishes - appetizers and entrees. The samosas were fresh, crispy and spicy. The lamb roll was also very nice and unique. The chicken tikka was very tender but lacking in the flavor side, and the rytha that accompanied it was unique as well. The chicken entrees were perfect. They didn't hold back on in the spice levels as with most other Indian restaurants. Meats were all cooked to the way they should be. The only gripe I had during my meal was the plain naan. It was just exactly that, plain. Very tasteless and I think it could have stayed in the oven a little longer. Nevertheless, it didn't brake or break my overall experience. The waitstaff was also great and very polite. I'd love to come back here again!
The food is ok, service is fine. The spicy chicken was simply spicy. Not much flavor in the chicken. The malai chicken appetizer was undercooked. The Galan jamun were served cold first. We had to ask them to serve it warm. Ther server was nice.
This place is consistently great. I've dined in once and ordered delivery closer to 10 times. Both the restaurant and delivery experience are complaint-free. I usually get the vegetable samosas, naan, and either saag paneer or paneer makhani. I've never been even remotely disappointed. Delivery is super fast too. One time my boyfriend and I wanted Indian food at like 11am and Seva wasn't open yet so we ordered from another place. While that wasn't bad, it wasn't Seva and we won't be making that mistake again!  Seva is worth the wait!
I usually order the takeout special. I love their fennel chicken and samosas. They're super nice, too.
I came here twice before posting this.Well, that's amazing and I will definitely come back again.It is a solid choice for Indian. SERVICE is warm and extremely kind. FOOD is good too. I had chicken samosa and tikka masala, and they both were very good, not too much spicy and very tasty.They also have different dinner specials for 14 bucks, and I can promise you that you will be full and satisfied after. One appetizer (9 choices ), one entrees (9 choices) and one dessert, which is rice-cream.`
My friend said she had a big lunch and wasn't hungry but then I said I wanted to eat at Seva for early dinner and she made some space in her belly for Seva because its so damn GOOD!!!! How can one deny the delicious dishes in Seva? Impossible. Everything is top notch and tasty. Their prix fix menu is a great deal because the entree isn't sized down. Its the perfect amount for two people. SO two people can share 1 prix fix if you're on a tight budget and don't eat a whole lot. Anyway, its worth the visit. NOW GO!
This is some of the best Indian food in Astoria. I really like their delivery special on their website that gives you an entre, appetizer and dessert for $14 (as of July 2014). If you add nan and tip the delivery person, you can get a meal for 2 for $20.  There is a lot of food and it's really good.  I'm partial to the Chicken Tikka Masala, samosa and kheer combination. Their samosas are excellent and the kheer is wonderful.  I've been here for the lunch buffet and I would say it isn't great.  There are better places in Jackson Heights. It's very small and limited.
I miss their soy mirch masala. Ive moved out of nyc and I try to make it at home now, but its just not the same. Amazing food!
Love this place.Whilst living on Roosevelt Island for 6 years we ordered and ate at Seva at least 3 - 4 times a week.Being from the UK I know good Indian food and this place hits the spot.The owner and staff are always happy to see returning customers and treat you like old friends rather than strangers.Looking forward to picking up take out the next time I'm in the area.
It was my first time there. The food was so tasty and the staff them all were so friendly that the waiter offered me and my cousin a free mango yoghurt drink and rice pudding. I will definitely go there again.
Seva has the best chicken tikka masala (tell them to make it spicy). The lamb spring roll app is two enormous, crispy spring rolls filled with delicious meat and spices and is like $5. The bok choy blossoms are unique and wonderful. The lamb saag and chicken vindaloo are excellent choices as supplemental entrees to the above. I admit to not having sampled a ton of their menu, but that's because I crave the aforementioned items so much. Their service is so friendly and swift - water glasses are never more than half empty. I ordered takeout for a picnic date once and the guy who is always there gave me free samosas. FREE SAMOSAS. Words cannot express my gratitude sir. I was paying it forward for like a week straight after that night. Thank you Seva.
Let's just say went here 2 times on our 3 day trip.  What a find.  Once for dinner and once for lunch.  Lunch had a buffet and everything was great.
Potentially the best Indian I've ever had. It doesn't taste like Americanized Indian food. They also have a weekend brunch. It's small but all quality.
This place is very fun and very cultural. The service is quick and all the servers are very nice and friendly. All the servers are very aware and quick. We got the dinner price fix and it was so much delicious food for a great price. I got the squash soup, it came in a big bowl and it was very flavorful. Main course was the lamb korma and that was very flavorful as well so much food I took home half my meal. The dessert was a rice pudding it was very good :) I love this place! And I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to try a good Indian place.
I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review. Simply put, this place is the best Indian food in Astoria, without a doubt.The delivery special is my go-to. My fiance and I order it with veggie samosas, chicken tikka masala, and a mango lassi for dessert. We get the plain and garlic naan also. It's a perfect order for two people -- more than enough, we're pretty stuffed when we finish. Before we lived together, I used to order the delivery special for myself and save half of it for lunch at work the next day. My coworkers would drool with jealousy from the smell of the food.The food at this place is amazing. I've gone for the all-you-can-eat buffet and that was not disappointing at all. In my opinion, if you're new to Indian food, a buffet is the best way to start since you can try a little bit of everything and really get your bearings on what you enjoy. I make every single one of my house guests and visitors try Seva. It's up there with Brooklyn Bagel as one of the things I use to brag about living in Astoria.My only wish is that Seva had more seating! I'd love to eat dinner there with friends and family, but the few times I've gone it's been super crowded and the restaurant is already a small place.
I basically go here every other weekend for the buffet from 12-3.... The food is phenomenal, the service is great and the price is right. What more could you ask for? If you want Indian food, go here, don't even think twice about it.
Food is simply amazing. Aloo gobi matar is my all time favorite!!! Indulge in the samosas and rice pudding too :)
Super tasty, great portions, attentive staff, and an affordable price.  The three course dinner special is a steal.  Get the butternut squash soup for sure!  And their wine pour is really heavy for $6.50.  I'll be back and often.
So glad I found this place! All of our food was so good. I recommend the sampler platter which is huge. My chicken was oh so juicy. Twas not expensive at all, for 2, the bill was less than $60. (I'm used to spending a tad more in the city so this place is a gem.)
Seva is the best indian food in NYC. End of story. Cheap, delicious, legit, great veg options!
I want to give this place a 4 star rating for the staff as they were uber friendly and served us quickly however the food was disappointing. Decent spot for a quick craving of Indian food! Definitely not a place for authentic Indian food though! The menu is quite minimal in terms of variety. Ambience is pleasant, can get moderately noisy when the restaurant is at full capacity. Watch out for the stairs to the restroom though! - it's a bit greasy since that's the only connection from the kitchen to the tables. We ordered the green chili chicken (not bad), naan (fresh and soft), a lemon drink and raita. Lemon drink was a bottled concentrate solution mixed with water, was warm too. I wouldn't recommend getting this. Raita was $3.00 for a bowl with 2 table spoons of yogurt with small pieces of cucumber. Again not priced well for unauthentic Indian food!
One of the best Indian meals in Astoria!  They have a great dine in special.  I always get the lamb samosa & chicken tikka and it's always exceptional.The lamb is my absolute favorite!
Good Indian food. Pakoras, chicken tikka masala, naans are on point. lamb spring rolls were tasty. Samosas are just ok. Will definitely be back!
I hate to say it, but I really just can't get into this place. On a positive note, the entire staff is REALLY nice. That's always a plus. But on a negative note, I just don't like their food! It's something about their style of cooking. Everything is extremely heavy. Even simple dishes like Chana Masala are really thick and intense. That may sound good in theory but both times that I've come here I felt nauseous halfway through my meal. And we ordered different things each time!I wish I knew more about Indian recipes so I could identify it. Maybe it's just that they put way too much ghee into everything? But really, all of their dishes are just really thick and heavy and my iron stomach can't take it.
This place is pretty good.  I have no idea why ppl think it's so amazing.  It's like... normal, restaurant quality Indian food.  I gave it minus one star because you're really packed like sardines in there - it's a small space meant to hold too many people.  If you enjoy Indian food - Seva is definitely #1 in Astoria (not including my own kitchen).
*pro tip* you won't see it on seamless but they have an amazing delivery special. Entree, app and dessert for $14. Call in to order it or order on their website. When I moved to Astoria four years ago, Seva was one of the first places I tried out and I've been addicted ever since. You won't find better or more consistently amazing Indian in this neighborhood (I've tried!) and the service is always impeccable. In the dozens of times I've ordered delivery they've only messed up once, forgetting the rice. But one quick phone call and I had two rice orders delivered within 10 minutes. Must-haves: All the samosas. Chicken tikka - tandoori AND masala but I like tandoori better Mango lassi Kheer for dessert Anything with lamb Naan with garlic
My go to Indian delivery place. The best Indian food I've ever had hands down. I generally get the chicken tikka masala (spicy) and garlic naan. Their delivery has always been super fast - around 30 minutes from ordering to eating. Two thumbs up!
This is my favorite Indian restaurant! They have the best pre-fix dinner menu! We always order the same things because we just can't get enough of it! For starters, we ordered the vegetable and chicken samosas! It's very similar to an empanada but with different sauces. For our main dishes, we ordered the chicken vindaloo and the tikki masala. I have never had such good Vindaloo! The Masala is good as well, but it's a little bit spicy...and I'm Korean! Regardless, both dishes are delicious. We really should try other things, but we can't seem to stay away from our favorites!
The best Indian food I've ever had. If you like Indian food, this is the only place to go! Highly recommend the baigan baryta or any chicken dish.
My favorite Indian food in NYC.I love the lunch special but really I'll eat here anytime.  The naan is great and the chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, and tandoori platter are all favorites.The portions are generous, too!Warning: You will no longer want to eat expensive and tiny portioned mainstream Manhattan Indian food after eating here.  I only go to dive-y Indian places on Manhattan now since this place just rocks the socks off regular Indian restaurants.Sometimes I even buy a couple lunch specials, take them home and eat them for days.
I'd love to give a glowing review because the food was delicious, but Seva needs to be more vigilant for the sake of their patrons. Yesterday I ordered delivery from Seva, veggie pakora, the Malai Kofta, and garlic naan. Dug into the pakora first, planning to save the kofta for later. The pakora was delicious, beautifully seasoned.Unfortunately, I have to give a one star review because of the kofta. It was lovely, yummy and complex, but halfway in I felt my throat starting to seize up and the inside of my mouth swell. The only thing I can think of is there must have been cross contamination with peanuts in the dish, to which I'm extremely allergic. Now I order delivery near daily from restaurants, all of which have peanut containing dishes on the menu, and I have never had this happen. Which suggests to me someone is being pretty lackadaisical when it comes to peanut cross contamination in the kitchen. Peanuts are an extremely common allergen that contributes to severe anaphylaxis in many Americans, and I work in restaurants, all that take safety precautions against peanut cross-contamination. Sad to note this is not being done at Seva.While there was not enough peanut in the dish to trigger a full on anaphylactic reaction, I has to dose with antihistamine and deal with the difficulty swallowing and subsequent gastric upset which pretty much ruined my day.So disappointed, Seva.
Seva is wonderful. I reviewed Ghandi, which is perfectly fine and the people are nice, but Seva is several steps steps above Ghandi. The samosas were wonderful and huge! The chicken saag was scrumptious. The service was friendly and thoughtful. I'll be back~
Our fav Indian food go to every Sunday evening!! Food is great! Reasonable price and comes on time and /or usually earlier!!
I fell in Love. Mmm... I didn't know how good Indian food is until I stumble here.  The Pri-Fix is a great value and delicious.  Try everything, I love it all. Yum.  I want some food now.  I think I will go again tomorrow for Dinner.  This place is small, cute and cozy spot.  Nice place for a date.  And yes, if you prefer spicy, it will be spicy.  Don't worry, they are always around to refill your water cup.Love this place.
After a long day of traveling & NYC traffic...I needed a treat.  I had it delivered to my hotel in true NY style, easy. Pros: delicious food.  Spicy is just that spicy~ gave me the hiccups so I'm glad I didn't order the very spicy.  The mulligatawny soup was tasty but I would have preferred it to have some vegetables floating in the puree. The basmati rice was fluffy.  The chicken vindaloo was earthy, fragrant and hot. The fennel curry was slightly less hot with a hint of sweetness and chunks of chicken breast meat.  Con: it came without any utensils.  It took 30 minutes, just as I was about to follow up on it...it arrived and was worth the wait.  Can't comment on the atmosphere but the food is definitely thumbs up.
Love this place! I'm not in Astoria any more but it's worth the trip. My favorite is the saag paneer! Just be careful on how spicy you get your food.
This is a really good spot.I came here with three friends.  Everyone had something different, all entrees and appetizers ranged from good to excellent.  They were very conscientious about refilling our water quickly and regularly, which was good, because I ordinarily get spiced out pretty easily, and even the "non-spicy" food is pretty spicy to me.Price is exceptionally low for the quality and quantity of food.  And the location.  And the service.  Great spot for a date, hangout, or even a lonely meal with your-god-damn-peice-of-shit-self.
Seva is my favorite Indian restaurant in Astoria.  I've been here for a dinner a few times, and I just checked out their weekend lunch buffet.  It's never disappointed.They have a great prix fixe deal for dinner - an appetizer, a main course, and a dessert all for about $14.  I'm partial to their chicken tikka masala (of course) and chana saag.  They also make delicious pakoras and kheer.  Their food is always fresh, not too greasy, and just the right amount of spicy.As for the lunch buffet, they have a substantial set of options for only $10 all-you-can-eat per person on weekend afternoons.  They had the standard chicken tikka and lamb korma that I've seen on other buffets, but I also got the chance to try their chicken curry and a paneer dish.  I'm normally not a big fan of paneer, but I love it here!  I also like that they have naan on the buffet, so you can take as much as you want.As for the restaurant itself, it's a bit small and can get crowded.  But it is classy and nicely decorated, especially at night; it would be a good spot for a date.  I do have to say, the service here is fantastic - my water glass was never anywhere near empty, the waiter constantly replenished my napkin supply (I'm a very messy eater), and food always arrives promptly and with a smile.Overall, this is my go-to spot in Astoria to satisfy my frequent Indian food cravings.  Whether you come for the buffet or to order from the regular menu, this place offers delicious food at a good value.
The food here is great! Really authentic and delicious. Friendly staff and quick service! Definitely one of my favorite Indian places around this area!
This place has pretty good food. Chicken Tikka Masala was good. The restaurant is small, and it could get pretty packed. Make sure to reserve the table beforehand. I am taking away the star because the service is not the greatest. Super friendly and hospitable, but not detail oriented. Good to have a nice Indian restaurant in Astoria that you can go to whenever you want to eat Indian.
We had an early midweek dinner. At around 6 there was already a number of tables taken and the staff seemed busy with take out orders. We all ordered from the Prix Fixe menu. We all ordered different items and shared. Huge portion sizes but they didn't compromise on the taste. We particularly enjoyed the vegetable samosas and channa saag. We will definitely be back!
Best Indian food in New York -- period. Saag paneer is my go-to, but I've had other dishes as well and they're all great. The samosas are big and the naan is perfectly fluffy. I order takeout from here often, but the other reviews are true: the flavor is freshest if you dine in. Generous portions; I always have leftovers.But do beware: the vindaloo is VERY spicy (and I ordered it "regular")!
Let me start this review by saying that I literally dated a guy for months, assessed his Indian food appreciation, deemed him worthy and THEN took him to Seva. I have ordered in from Seva and eaten in the restaurant countless times and the food, portions, service, atmosphere and prices never disappoint! Dishes I've tried: Malai KoftaChicken Tikka MasalaChicken VindalooFennel Chicken CurryChicken KormaNan(s)Mango LassiButternut Squash Soupand the Sampler PlatterAll of these were amazing, the Malai Kofta and Tikka Masala are my favorite by far however. The sauces are outstanding.Once when ordering delivery they forgot my Lassi and when they came back to correct the mistake they brought 2! An apology Lassi!  Also, a date once ordered the Vindaloo and the Staff was so concerned about the spiciness they brought over a Lassi just to make sure he was ok. Pretty much they aren't shy with their Lassis.  Love ya, Seva!
Although not the best Indian food I've consumed in my entire life, Seva is the best I've had here in Astoria.  Up until tonight, my experience with Seva had been strictly delivery.  And it was always DE-LI-CIOUS.  Tonight we went in person and I was not disappointed.On the Menu:Appetizer Sampler:  Vegetable Samosa, Chicken Samosa, Pakora (Cauliflower/Onion Fritters), and a Lamb Spring Roll.  Everything was super spicy but delicious.  But super spicy.  Like the kind of spicy that affects my hearing.  Yeah, THAT spicy.Saag Paneer - Spinach with Cheese ChunksTandoori Platter - Tandoori Style Chicken, Chicken Kebab, Lamb Meatballs and Veggies served with yogurt saucePlain NanRiceWe waited an extra long time for our appetizers to come out which we barely noticed because we were in conversation.  We didn't complain or even give looks.  But the wait staff was keeping tabs and they were so awesome.  They gave us FREE mango lassi while we were waiting which was such a nice treat especially since we didn't make one chirp.  I love that kind of service where they take care of everyone and not just the complainers.  Our water glasses were filled CONSTANTLY.  Like, almost too much water though I needed it to get through the spicy apps. Overall, my go-to Indian place in the neighborhood.
I did try there buffet menu.The menu was small.but since i was looking to try there chicken masala as priority for me.I  was very happy , the , flavor is pure  indian..
I don't usually review 5 stars but this place is a gem. My bf  and I were supposed to eat at the restaurant  next door but It was so full and someone was having a birthday. I love Indian food and since my bf had a very good experience at another place I thought it was a much better choice. We actually had this place bookmarked so we can try it. I was actually craving Indian so it worked out to the T. I ordered the lamb that had coconut with some onion bread. Our starter dish was so good, spicy but delicious. We had a very kind waitresse. She checked on us regularly. The place is small but the ambiance makes up for it. The atmosphere was just the kind that let you enjoy yourself over cultural food. We ordered a bottle  of red wine and the flavors of the food popped making every mouthful tastier. There was a waiter that opened our bottle. He was just so well mannered and asked me to taste the wine after he poured a little. I felt like I was at a 5 star restaurant. The bathroom was small but clean. We didn't have much of a wait even though it was crowded. They told us 5 min and we waited less which was a plus. As soon as I came out the bathroom we were seated. Our waitress was even kind enough to ask if we wanted some of our food to go. We were stuffed but had a lot of wine left and a lot of food left and agreed. I never felt so happy while eating a meal. Eating here gave me a very welcome feeling and very humble feeling. Every single person working there serves you from the heart you just feel it. I will come here again.
I had a really nice time at Seva with two of my friends. We ordered the chicken tandoori, chicken tikka masala, and my personal go-to, the baingan bharta (eggplant curry), with plain and garlic naan.Everything was really good. Note: their "spicy" is not that spicy, as long as you're eating it with rice. All of the food was very well-seasoned, and made well.I thought the portions were a little small, but then it was also slightly cheaper (in comparison to Namaste up the street--which has larger portions but pricier dishes).Also, the workers at Seva are all extremely friendly and courteous. They continued to pour water for us (maybe a tad bit too often?) and gave us new napkins.Good experience, and I look forward to going back!
My favorite Indian spot anywhere. Consider yourself lucky if you live nearby Seva! In addition to their food being incredible, I appreciate the size of their portions. My menu faves include their huge, flavorful samosas and saag paneer.
Food: Apps and entrees: 5 Stars, Naan: 3 stars, Dessert: 2 starsPrice/Value: 5 StarsService: 5 StarsSpace: 1 StarGreat food minus the subpar naan. Great price. Service is fast and friendly. Tables are a bit squished - not accessible by handicap and not too friendly for large people (manageable). Chicken samosa was fantastic. It was nice having the option for a little spice in the Tikka Masala instead of just the usual sweet mild flavor. Pre Fix menu was totally worth it. We all had left overs to take home. Don't bother saving room for dessert - it's not very good.
Loveee the lamb spring rolls! They can be a bit heavily seasoned, but seems fitting for spiced lamb, and goes well with the yogurt sauce with which they're served. Also love the lamb saag, a perfect bowlful of spinach, lamb, and spice. The chicken tikka masala is a staple you can't go wrong with, but their lamb dishes are definitely better.And the servers are super accommodating. Our water was constantly refilled. And when I asked for more of the complimentary crispy flat bread (after inhaling the first plate minutes after sitting down), they brought us another plateful with even more.  I always leave feeling happy and full.
I've lived in Astoria for the past 8 years.  For the first four years, my life was incomplete because I had not found Seva.  It is hands down the best Indian food outside of Manhattan.  If I had been writing this review a year ago, I would say it is the best Indian food of all time.  It does seem that over the past year the food quality has taken a small step back, however, they were so far above and beyond any other that it still ranks up there with the best places in Astoria and I order at least twice a month. Their portions have gotten smaller over time and the food quality is good, while not quite what it used to be.  TIPS: Order directly from their website for delivery.  You get fairly large portions and can make two meals out of one.  Get the delivery special for a super great deal.  $14.00 for app, entree, dessert.  Throw a Naan on there and it's at your door ASAP for dinner for two.
As promised,  back to up the rating to 5 stars. I've gone back recently and ordered some new things! Lamb Spring Roll- Really good! It was packed with flavor and went great with the yogurt sauce topping.Butternut Squash Soup- Hearty and delicious with a subtle spice added to it. Also pretty cheap for the amount you get. Paired with an appetizer and it could be a meal in itself.While I'm a huge advocate and practitioner of trying new foods, I'm also at times a sucker for ordering what I know I like. Got the Baingan Bharta again. Delish.
Went here for an early dinner. Great food, light basmati rice with creamy chicken masala. Flavored to my liking. Great service. I wished their dinner entrees came with a side salad or something because I felt like the free appetizer was lacking. Their appetizer is a chip + dip sort of dish, I could have done without. The chips were too salty and nothing of standout. The dips were great though. I also ordered their Gulab Junum (sp.), for $3.50...I got two?? (think small donut holes). Perhaps a mistake? Or the pricing I portion ratio is way off for that dessert. That's more than 1.00 for a small quarter sized donut. $3.50 for 2. That made no logical sense. I will give this place another shot, perhaps I will feel better w/ their prefixed lunches and weekend buffets and have to look for one my fave Indian deserts elsewhere.It is rather pricey compared to neighboring spots but the quality and flavoring of of the food is good.
It was crazy warm in there when we went for dinner, but the food & service were very good.  We got the dinner specials and they're a great deal!  You can choose between several options for an appetizer, main entree, and it comes with dessert, too.  I would definitely recommend this place.
I love this place and the food is amazing. This restaurant (in my opinion) is one of the best! Kind of tiny and cramped but still great
I'm writing this right now with a mouthful of delicious (and spicy!) chicken samosas. I promise not to drool all over this review...well, I'll try not to.There is nothing bad that I can say about the food. It is delicious, *consistently* delicious, and always nice and hot when it arrives. If you're a heartburn or acid reflux sufferer, they'll make it nice and mild for you, or if on occasion you like to clean out your sinuses (like me), they know how to make it spicy! The food is DELICIOUS. Don't fight me on this.Next up is their awesome delivery deal that you can order either online or over the phone. Beware their online ordering system however (see the review I'm updating from). I simply call in every time and select the "delivery special," which is $13.50. For that hard earned cash you receive one appetizer, one entree, and the choice of dessert or drink. If you want naan it's a little extra, but the appetizer, entree, and drink are more than enough to satisfy me and can easily feed me 2-3x.Finally, the delivery times can vary. Upon taking another bite of this delectable chicken samosa, I am reflecting on this current order and I believe it was incredibly fast. Sometimes it can take close to 45 minutes or an hour, but this was 20 minutes or less. Delivery time is the only downside to Seva, but the food is WELL worth the wait.
Friendly staff, the food is so good. I'm actually sad that I'm yelping on this spot because it's such a good hideaway (tucked away) spot in queens but their food and staff are everything to yelp about. Pre Fix menu is the bomb. Be sure to order the Lamb spring roll  enjoy!!!!!
I really love the quality of the food, portion size, which was generous, attentive service that constantly refilled my water cup, and their pre-fix prices! I'm also delighted that you can get the same pre-fixe value of appetizer, entree and dessert for $13.50 to go. I highly recommend the Lamb Rogan Josh as a supremely tender serving! I'll be a repeat customer.
This was my first visit to Seva and it was a really a good one.Food was great, staff really helpful with menu choices. The food was very tasty indeed. Will definitely go again when in the city next.
Great spot for Indian in Astoria and the price is right! Had the delicious three course prix fixe menu for a mere $14, as did my best gal pal. Started with huge samosas, split the entrees (chicken tikka masala for me, sag paneer for her) and finished with just the right-sized bowl of Indian rice pudding... And still had TONS to take home. Delicious Indian food for dinner AND for lunch too-- bonus! Service was also right on. Seva has definitely earned a spot on my "favorites of Queens " list.
Delicious, consistent North Indian fare with excellent service. I can't speak to its authenticity, but I am always really satisfied with the freshness and quality of the food.  Tips:If you like it hot, ask that they modify your dish to spicy. Order the garlic naan and chana saag. Portions are generous.  Their lunch specials are a steal.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC. It is a small place, and sometimes there is a wait, but I think it is worth it.
Ok, so the reason my prior review was 2 stars was due to the fact that I was nursing a bad hangover that day and spicy Indian food and queasy stomach don't mix, at all. Opted for take out recently and their food is really good. The naan was fresh and hot. They gave my gf's ice tea in a container made for soup - weird, but ok. Our entrees were all spot-on and delish.Just one tip for you folks not use to spicy/hot foods - Even if you get your dishes made at 'medium' heat/spice, it will still put hair on your balls. I got mine made medium and that shit made me sweat like a hooker in church. My gf, who loves all things spicy, got her dish made 'spicy' on our first visit and couldn't finish it all cause the spice was just too overbearing - and this coming from a person that puts siracha on everything! So beware, cause some of their shit will burn your mouth off!
fast delivery (around 30 mins) and great tasting food at good value, was still piping hot when it arrived..will order again for sure.
I've been a loyal customer for over a year now. Before Seva I was a regular at Chola in midtown, but then my faith brought me to Queens and I needed an authentic Indian spot for my once a week fire in my mouth craving.I find Seva's spices delicious and very consistent. I've tried at least 6 different curries and 2 types of naans (garlic and plain) and they all struck my taste buds just the right way. I like the fact that they make it very spicy if you ask them too. Other places just don't believe that I can handle it; these guys do!Service is always friendly, dine-in and take-out; I haven't tried delivery as I'm outside of their zone. Ambience is pleasant with loungy Indian music playing in the background. Last time we were in with a baby and made a mess, with rice all over the floor, which the waitress handled just gracefully. Be careful going down the steps to the restroom - they're quite steep! You do, however, need to add 15min to whatever estimate they give you for a pick-up, which, if you expect it, is just a triviality given the consistency of that occurrence and quality of food you get.Lunch specials provide an opportunity to explore great Indian cuisine at attractive price points, but dinner menu is more extensive.I keep coming back and recommend you give them a try!
I'm an Indian food nut. But most buffets are bland and pared down at best. Seva's is outstanding!!! The chicken dishes are tasty. The green chile chicken is the first buffet Indian that has ever fired me up!!! Very tasty y muy picante!!Saag paneer and veggie pakoras were divine!!!! Highly highly recommend this on the weekend!!!
I'd give this place a 4.5.  The food was great,  the service was prompt and the waitstaff was helpful in helping to pick out a dish.  Beware - when they say that the lamb vindaloo is very spicy - that is an accurate assessment! The ambiance was fine - nothing special.   All in all - would highly recommend it.
This is my go to Indian food joint. The Tandoori Chicken Tikka (boneless charcoaled chicken without sauce) is hands down the best I've had anywhere in a long time. It certainly beats every other Indian restaurant in Astoria that I've food from (Namaste, Gandhi, Samossa Bites). The Chili Chicken dish is also fantastic. It's a very spicy korma (chicken in sauce) that goes great with naan. Seva is my panic button Indian restaurant on the Seamless app, i.e. very good back pocket place when nothing else seems appetizing. However, If you're a fan of great basmati rice (and I am) that's the one drawback here. It's just ok. The restaurant itself is very tiny and has super long waits at times. But the staff is very sweet.Update - after rethinking I really do think this is the best quality Indian food in Astoria. So it deserves an upgrade to 5 stars.
Best indian food I've had in the states!! The service is on par and the atmosphere is relaxed and conducive to great conversation. Print service and incredibly low prices makes me wish I lived closer to it.
NYC is chock full of Indian places, and of the ones I've tried, none have lived up to my beloved (beloved beloved!) Taste of India in Seattle. My roommates are both obsessed with Seva (as is all of Yelp), so I knew I had to give it a shot.My friend and I came in around 7 pm, and had no problem getting a table. We ordered everything to share: The dinner prix-fixe with Veggie Samosa and Chicken Korma, plus an order of Chicken Tikka Tandoori, Onion Naan and Raita.As soon as I took my first bite, I thanked my Astoria lucky stars, because I knew I'd found my go-to Indian place! Everything was DELICIOUS. Fresh, flavorful, not greasy or heavy. My ONLY complaint is that I'm not a fan of spicy, and usually when I specify I like things mild it's easily accommodated. In Seva's case, everything was still incredibly spicy! Hopefully it was just a miscommunication, and that they can correct this next time.As many reviews have mentioned, the service here is fantastic. Our water glasses were never empty, our plates cleared right away, and everyone who talked to us (server and bussers included) were incredibly friendly and courteous. The price was also very affordable. The prix-fixe is around $14 (and comes with a dessert), and with our other dishes our check was only about $30. Definitely coming back in to try the (hopefully not spicy!) lunch buffet!
I am a layman when it comes to Indian cuisine.  I mostly follow my friends to Indian resturants and hope for the best.  This place was a hit from day one and is now one of my favorite resturants.  I have been back several times and the food is always good.  But once I went and the the portion of chicken got smaller.  Chef issues I Imagine.Chicken tiki masala, Lamb Sagg are my favorites.I also had the chicken samosa, it was good.Eat here for lunch, the lunch special is half the price for the same amount of food.Even at dinner time the price is decent, don't let that deter you.
AYCE Heaven! I've never seen an Indian AYCE buffet wtih samosas. Sold!The raita, curries, naan, and samosas were all on point. And what an awesome deal for $10. I've tried Namaste and Ghandi (both within a block of this place) and the food at Seva is always better. The service was great too! The place itself is a little small, but take out is an option, and even having the brunch AYCE buffet there was not too cramped. This little gem in our neighborhood is a 'must go' in my book!My only criticism is that it can get a little hot in there. But my experience at Indian restaurants are all this way...
Pretty good food here. Although I'm disappointed  with the reviews. This place DOES NOT have butter chicken. However their other food is very delicious, came here on a Saturday afternoon they have a buffet set up, great value.
I went for their buffet.  While they have limited options everything is pretty good.  They try to make use of their limited real estate as much as possible.  I like that they have naan on the buffet table instead of waiting and hoping waiters will  some bring it for you.The service was also good.  The waiter were very attentive but maybe because there was only about three parities dining at the time. The bathroom is in the basement which is a bit weird.  That is also where the kitchen is I believe.I believe the buffet is a good deal for ten dollars or so.
The food is great here, and the staff are too. I've both sat in and ordered take-out from this place a number of times now and I've always been very happy. They have delivery specials which are great. My favorite Indian restaurant around here.
"nope, never, not me... i cant"My exact feelings about Indian food up until yesterday. SO my bf RAVES about Indian food and I said I would try it. I wanted the LEAST Indian thing on the menu, which apparently is Chicken Tikki Masalla and a vegetable Samosa.Life changing?....no Tasty?.... yea, it was. I enjoyed it. My dinner date got Lamb spring rolls, and Lamb Korma... both were tasty. Rice pudding for dessert tho... ON POINT. SIDE NOTE- all the reviewers who said they fill your water up CONSTANTLY. I was cracking up everytime they did it.Very nice service..... but PLEASE turn down your heat. When my glasses fog up when I walk into a room, the heat is too high. I will be venturing into Indian food again, but this time I will get delivery.
The chicken tandoori tika is really good but a little bit spicy. The korma chicken is good too. The rice is spicy even without sauce.The nan is not the best I ever tasted...The service is a little bit slow as they also do delivery at home, they seem to take delivery order faster.
This place is the perfect let's go with 12 bucks and eat like gods.Everything is in the sauce, it's perfect. Oh, the cheese naan...just writing this I feel like I want another one.Best tikka masala I ever had in Ny.
Excellent Indian food with friendly service. Quite affordable. I always get the saag paneer. The naan bread is very fresh, light, and hot out of the oven.
If Seva isn't already your go-to Indian restaurant it should be! To say I'm addicted is an understatement. Their chicken tika misala is unparalleled and their naan makes me want to open an Indian bakery and live off naan forever... It's that good. I've never been disappointed by delivery orders and the actual restaurant is super cute and date-friendly
Good reliable Indian food. Adorable atmosphere and friendly staff. The pries are just right and the food is always delicious. It's your standard North Indian fare. Can't really go wrong.
I went to Seva today.  It gets pretty busy in the noon.  The selection of food for their buffet is pretty small.  I really like the chicken masala.  The sauce was sweet and buttery, which is something I would like to pair up with the balsamic rice with cumin seeds or the naan.  I like the fact that they give unlimited naan, which is that you can go up and get as many as you like.  I like their potato samosa with the cilantro mint dip sauce.  Their sauce was pretty spicy, but I love the cilantro flavoring.For dessert, they had rice pudding, Kheer, which was pretty good.  It was a nice break from the heaviness of the dishes that we tried from the buffet.  Service was exceptional.  I never had great service in New York City than I had here.  Our water was always filled and they gave us fresh napkins every time we used it.  Our plates were constantly taken after we were done.  I wish every restaurant served like Seva's service.
Excellent Indian food!!! I got the dinner delivery special and the portions were huge I had to save some for the next day. The paneer saag was great and had just the right amount of spice. Tikka masala was seasoned perfectly the chicken was fork tender. Getting an appetizer and a dessert with a meal always get me! I don't think I will go to any other Indian restsurant while living in Astoria.
Buffet lunch on Sunday for $10.50. Their buffet selection are Indian jasmine rice (DELICIOUS), pitta bread, samosa veggie, chicken tikka masala, chicken (spicy sauce), 2 veggies, something like spinach (like cream spinach but Indian type) and rice pudding for dessert. That's all you need unless you're Indian and know what you want specifically. What they offer are the famous Indian food which you're gonna live it. And that's all I need. Happy wallet and tummy. I just wish they offer to take it to goo too! HA!
Stopped by here for the first time. I ordered what I thought was going to be mild dishes including lamb korma, and nan. Food was very spicy and dry. Not my favorite Indian restaurant in Astoria.Staff and service are good, but I think it was okay -but no more than that.
Truly, Seva disappointed me. Went there for the weekend buffet sometime back. It was so Americanized that it killed the fact that it was an Indian buffet
Very good buffet on the weekend.  Good naan, samosas, chicken tikki masala, saag paneer, etc.  A little spicy which I appreciate since the food at many Indian buffets is too sweet.  Good depth of flavor and nice garnishes.  Did not see raita at the buffet and was given a dish without charge.  Attentive service, refilling water glasses.  My favorite Indian buffet in Queens, better than some I've tried in Jackson Heights.
Went here for lunch with the hubs.  I got the chicken saag 8.95 lunch special and my husband got the pre fix meal with a vegetable samosa, chicken vindaloo and a rice pudding.  It was delicious! We will be back soon!
Damn. Probably the best indian food in the city.My girlfriend and I were staying with my friend nearby and I had heard great things, so we decided to come here for a date night. Had a wonderful mango lassi, spectacular tikka masala, and the chana saag was to die for. Quiet and cozy, the place was perfect for a nice, upscale dinner that didn't (totally) break the bank. The portions were large and we were both stunned by the quality and consistency of the curry dishes. It was so good, in fact, that the next day we dragged my friend to the buffet and filled ourselves again. If you're looking for a ton of delicious food for a low cost, come for the weekend buffet (12-3), that's the real deal. Unlimited curry and naan with great service. We went right as they opened at 12 and by the time we had left the restaurant was full. Not a surprise at all though because their food is incredible and an absolute steal at the prices they have.
Hands down the BEST INDIAN PLACE IN ASTORIA. I lived in the area for 3 years and tried every place off the NQ. This is my favorite spot in Astoria and personal favorite restaurant in the city.The atmosphere is great, very cosy and chill. A little dark/intimate, however it is small. On peak hours I would plan on a short wait or sitting close to another party.That being said, the service is great, the place is fun, but most importantly THE FOOD IS INCREDIBLE.Meat and veggie options are all great in pretty decent portions for a low price (super cheap lunch specials!), and the na'an is perfect. If you are looking for an indian restaurant to take a date/friends/family in queens, this is the spot.
I was in d area for my car repair and decided to stop for lunch. Clean and tidy with attention to every detail- you literally feel the attention in the flavors. Lunch menu 10 USD with selection of chola, paneer saag, chicken vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, veg samosa, rice, naan and kheer. Veg samosa- hardly any oil, perfect spice level, well cooked potatoes, even had peas!!- felt like I was having a samosa back home in IndiaChicken vindaloo- the highlight in my opinion, havent had better one so far, spice level well balanced, fresh meatChicken tikka masala- delicious, mild and yet so flavorful!, fresh and well cooked meatPaneer saag- paneer soft and freshKheer- burst of flavor, rice slow cooked and full of nuts.Tips: try it, totally worth the price, ambience casual, food top notch, service 5 star, perfect for a laid back sunday brunch. Highly recommend!!!
Best Indian Food I've ever had. Huge portions, well spiced, amazing service. Super yummy. Came here with my girlfriend and we will definitely be coming back!!!! We had the Prix Lunch. Vegetable samosas looked like art! We also had the Chana Masala and Lamb Saag. The server was even kind enough to let us know that the Lamb Vindaloo was a little on the spicier side! How sweet, right?! So delicious! Thanks Seva!
I love Indian food and I came here to try and honesty it was good the only thing I didn't like about this restaurant was the atmosphere.The most important tip about the food stay away from spicy tikka because I made a mistake and I ate this meat you can't imagine how much spicy meat was.I liked the soup and you can create your pre-fix menu one entree,main dish,dessert which was 14.95 $.Furthermore people were very friendly
My go to Indian spot in Astoria. Everything here is great: food, service and atmosphere.I really like the Lamb Rogan Josh and the Green Chili Chicken, but beware of the the green chili chicken, it's is SPICY. The Lamb Vindaloo and the Chicken Vindaloo is also really good, but it's literally so spicy it numbs your tastebuds. My partner and brother LOVE the Chicken Tikka Masala. The veggie samosas are also some the best I've ever had. Also, their lunch special is a great bang for your buck, your choice of soup and entree for $8.50! The space however is on the smaller side, typical for Astoria. That doesn't bother me though and if anything I think it adds to the dimly lit environment to make for an overall intimate feel.
Mediocre Americanized indian food. Really disappointed also we were the only Indian people the restaurant and that definitely says something. Wasnt a fan only positive was they have pre fixed deal for 15 which is a good deal but other than that was not impressed.
I'm so happy that Seva is only a few blocks away from me (not great for my wallet or weight, but oh well). Their chicken tikka masala is delicious. I don't care whether or not it's a real Indian dish; I just know that it is DELICIOUS and full of flavor. Their garlic naan (with a generous sprinkling of minced garlic on top) is perfect, especially when dipped into the chicken tikka masala sauce. Portions are very generous. One entree is large enough for 2 people but it's also great if you eat half and pack the other half for your work lunch the next day.Service is also great, whether you eat in or take out. The staff is very friendly and attentive without being overbearing. It's pretty popular on weekend nights so be prepared for a little wait as the inside is quite small.
I have never had better Indian food. And I have eaten lots of curries over the past twenty years. Seva is always consistent and my go to is their chicken tikka Masala. The sauce is crack and I almost wish their portions weren't so large because I'm always tempted to eat the entire thing. Their curries come with basmati rice but I always get a naan or garlic naan because it is the fluffiest most delicious bread you will ever eat. Seriously, consume immediately as it has a tendency to harden once left out a while. I also recommend their chicken samosa and the lamb roll (OH MAN). That lamb roll. It's definitely comfort food but it is worth every greasy flavorful bite. The appetizer sampler is a great choice if you can't decide on one thing. I usually get that and a chicken tikka masala. If you have never had Indian food before SEVA needs to be your first try. Otherwise you might be put off altogether. The restaurant itself is a bit cramped, I usually order take out. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Love this place.
Seva is consistently delicious. They have great service and the dishes are authentic as far as i can tell, but I'm not Indian. The lamb roll and lamb saag are my absolute favorites.
Solid Indian food with a chicken korma that will leave you with a food baby in the third trimester. I'd be happy to give this place another look with perhaps the ideal meal being a big lunch to better give your belly time to do it's thing before the evening. Also when you ask for things to be spicy here they don't skimp much on the heat. Props.
LOVE this place! Seriously good Indian food and the staff are incredibly polite. Everything I've tried here has been fantastic and served quickly. I have a gluten allergy and they are well-versed on what's gluten free. Seva is one of Astoria's best hidden gems!!!
I always love coming to Astoria, it practically enjoying a great meal in my back yard. This place was perfect for a girl night out on a Thursday. They offer a great prefix deal for one appetizer, entree and desert for $15! now that's just a steal. For  my appetizer I had the lamb of spring roll. It was too large portions certainly enough for two people and spicy and tasty at the same time. Actually been a little bit too spicy for my liking if you're worried I'm not a fan of spicy foods, then  you might want to skip this one and order the vegetable or chicken Samosa which was quite tasty.For my entrée I had the tandoori chicken. The chicken had great color it was tender and perfectly cooked it was moist and just so good! It even was served with this cucumber said Tzaikiish sauce and basmati rice. I chose to skip the desert and instead had a great glass of Riesling. This place did not disappoint we all enjoyed our meals and for a really good price.       I will definitely be back here to enjoy some authentic Indian cuisine again.
Excellent in every aspect. Delicious large portions. Nice authentic atmosphere. Very reasonable prices. Great experience
Free naan with Yelp review and well priced pre-fixed option. The vegetable samosa were the best I've had! Delicious
Based on previous reviews I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, spicey. It was bearable and i checked in and got a free garlic naan. I ordered to-go and the staff there was so nice. They offered  me to sit at a table while I waited and the lady at the front asked if I wanted water...first time I was here and I ordered the non-lunch special, which gave me a bigger portion that I packed and brought to work the next day. I also shared some with my mom who liked the sauce.  The place inside looked very nice - I definitely want to come back.
Best Indian food we ever had - sampler platter, spicy chicken korma,naan, and mango lassi.  Wish we had food this good in Texas
Simply the best! Consistent food with wonderful flavors. The staff is very nice and this place is great for meat eaters, pescatarians, vegetarians and vegans! I've taken numerous people here who have never had Indian food and everyone has loved it! The veggie samosas are always a hit, who doesn't love potatoes and spices in a fried shell?! They have pre fix meals that are great values, I definitely recommend them. A tip on ordering, have your whole order ready at once and it'll just be a better experience for you! Mmmm and try the coconut naan that shit is banging!
Had brunch there.  Even though I had only 1 helping in the buffet,  it felt like I ate 10 people's food. Not trying this place anytime soon.  Seems like bad and too much oil...
Chicken tikka masala...little expensive but big portions and very goodNever tried anything else, also never dined in, but it's usually really hot inside when I pick it up
Delicious, great prices, and nice atmosphere; cozy but not too tight. Though I'm not an expert on Indian food, I really liked this place. My friend and I each got the "prix fix" meal (which looked like it was a pretty popular choice judging by the people around us) and had the butternut squash soup, chicken samosa, lamb rogan josh, chicken saag, and plain naan, and kheer for dessert which was really tasty. I enjoyed everything but had to take a little home when I finally realized I couldn't finish it all. I have to also mention the customer service. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, explaining the spiciness of dishes on a scale of 1-10, which I liked since I do like spicy but can't do very very much so. Our water glasses never went empty. And our small table never got too crowded since the busboys were keeping a close eye and nearly instantly removing empty plates. They were actually a little bit overeager, a few times asking us if we were done or almost grabbing a plate we weren't finished with. That made me feel a little rushed but the water refills helped to counteract it. The place was very busy so we figured they needed to keep the dishes in rotation. We got there sort of early, at 7, and got a table immediately. It looked like by 7:30/45 there was a short wait so it turned out we went at a good time.
Amazing food. Very friendly staff :) I tried for first time the butternut squash soup and is so good
My friends introduced me to this place few months ago. I was never into Indian food, but this restaurant converted me!Since I ate there, I would order out occasionally. Last time I did so, I received my order only to realize that both main courses that i received were wrong. Nans that I got were correct, as well as appetizers. After calling the restaurant and explaining what had happened, very kind lady apologized (and sounded very sincere), and said that they would correct the order and send it again. I only asked for the main courses, but to my astonishment, I received the FULL ORDER again, down to nans, but this time 100% correct. Now I had a problem to eat all of that food over next two days, but that was a lesser concern as everything I ever tasted from this place tastes like HAVEN.Excellent service, good food and friendly staff, this goes a long way, and you have a loyal customer for life!
Very good foodDecor is better than in 99,99% of Indian restaurants and the service is professional and careful.Very good local place!
Seva is the neighborhood bastion of cordial, affordable, authentic Indian food. I've had great takeout from here and finally went to try eating-in this weekend. (Delivery is bustling - orders went out with speedy turnarounds!)The restaurant is smallish, with about 35 seats in a dimly lit room. The decor is minimal, but the service is fantastic. My water glass was always full, my plates cleared quickly, and always with a smile and an inquiry whether we found thing satisfactory.There is a dinner prix fixe, even on Saturdays. You get an appetizer, rice, entree and dessert for $13.50. The lamb rogan josh was super tender and delicious, the vegetable samosa on par. The chana saag was flavorful and filling. They also did us the kindness of substituting naan for basmati rice (which is the standard add on). However, the desserts were unmemorable (kheer and gulab jamun). I left completely stuffed and with little damage to the wallet! 4 stars.
This is the restaurant to which all other Indian Restaurants are measured!I absolutely can not say enough great things about this place.  I've came to Seva for the past 3 years and I've never been disappointed in my meal.  Yes, you read correctly, every dish is always warm, tasty, and filling.Also the staff is beyond great.  They are also nice and greet you when you enter the restaurant.  And no, they aren't phony "I'm going to give you a cheesy smile and then ignore you until 5 mins before your finished so that I can get a good tip, nice."  They are genuine and sincere.The Sunday buffet is out of this world.  Always 2-3 chicken dishes and 2-3 vegitarian dishes to choose from.  Chicken Tikka Masala and Spinach Saag are always there and delicious plus there's always a Chilli Chicken or and Vindaloo for those who like spicy food.  I love their Samosas.  They are out of this world.  Naan bread is great and they even have Kheer pudding for desert.  All for a whopping $10 per person!!I've also eaten at Seva for dinner and they are just as amazing.  This is literally a can't miss dining experience and a must visit for first-time and veteran Indian lovers alike!
I've been there many-many times. Was never disappointed. Sometimes delivery takes a while (or more...) but the food is always delicious. I LOVE mulligatawny soup, Chana Masala and Paneer Makhani. Very happy with Seva's vegetarian options. I've tried many Indian places in NY and it's my favorite so far :-)
I've only ordered lunch delivery from them, so withholding a star until I actually see the decor/sit down.Lunch: $7.50 for an entree and delicious soup? Yes please! I've tried both the lentil and butternut squash, and while they are both good with just a HINT of spiciness, I prefer the butternut because it is also just a tad sweet too. Yum!I LOVE hot food and the chicken vindaloo I get chicken...*sigh* it's magical. It is by far the best and tastiest I've had at Seva. By the fifth bite, my tongue is burning, eyes are watering, and I'm reaching for the water/milk. Even though it's hot, they don't try to skimp out of flavor, which I think is tempting for many restaurants to do.I've had the paneer and it was *okay*. Not the best that I've had, and certainly not the worst.Delivery minimum is $13.50, but they have a delivery special priced exactly at $13.50 for an appetizer, entree, and dessert, awesome!The only service review I can provide is my experience over the phone - quick and painless, and we usually get our food within 30 min. I thought I didn't get my receipt from the delivery guy (it was found wedged between bags later), and we called the store to see if they could call the guy to bring it back to us about 3 minutes after he left. There was no hesitation in agreeing to do so.
Please dont go here. This used to be my favorite Indian restaurant in astoria but the management has changed and now they are the worst. The menu is changed the chef is changed and the food was terrible. We ordered veg pakoras , chicken biriyani , chana masala and tandoori roti. The pakoras were too salty (I like salt on the higher side, and still they were too much) , the chana masala was flavor less and the tandoori roti was so hard and dry. Lastly the chicken biryani..I dont even feel like calling it biryani, it was more like chicken over rice that you get on halal carts and even that is better. I am done with Seva, next time I crave for Indian food, will just hop on 7 train and go to Jackson Heights.
This was my first experience with Indian food with years. I never liked it before but wanted to give it another shot. The staff was super friendly in guiding me in the right direction with what I ordered. Every single thing was delicious. Lamb  spring rolls, green curry chicken, naan, rice. So good! I'm glad I found this little gem and am totally switched on Indian food now.
I came here at around noon on a Saturday to try out the Indian buffet. I love Indian food, but I just never had a chance to get some in Astoria and Yelp led me to this place to be the place to try. I was not disappointed! Definitely walked away 10 pounds heavier...I want to talk about the food first - wow, delicious! I loved the tikka masala! It wasn't too overly greasy or creamy. I usually like the chicken dark, but the white meat was cooked to perfection, enough that I didn't mind at all. The seasoning was amazing. The palak paneer was also very good. It didn't have that dragged out spinachy taste that they sometimes get when left heated for too long. The chicken vindaloo is SPICY AS ALL HELL. Holy crap, I can't handle spicy and I accidentally poured myself a little too much and had to literally mix my entire plate together to try to drown out the spiciness. I couldn't really taste it because I was trying to hard just to get it finished and eaten so I could enjoy the other things that I could tolerate. The chickpeas were pretty standard, but the mixed vegetables in a yellow ochre-colored sauce was the only dish that I wasn't partial to. It felt like the veggies were not steamed long enough. The green sauce was also delicious.The reason I took away the star was because of the service. Don't take me wrong, the service was amazing! Right when I walked in, a beautiful waiter was waiting right in front of the door. Now I'm a straight male, but for a second I swooned. Every single waiter was kind and attentive but here's the catch - they were way too freaking attentive, to the point that I was a bit uncomfortable. They stood around staring at us waiting for us to take a sip of water, and then they would rush over to fill it up. I am extremely grateful and appreciative of their attention, but when they are hovering around and blocking your way because they are so eager to serve you, that's a service mistake. Tone it down a bit, it's okay. No one will fault you for letting our cups go empty, as long as you catch the customer when they try to flag over a waiter.Seva is now on the top of my list and will be forever on my radar, especially for the weekend buffet. The service is (a little too much) top notch and the food is excellent. Also did I mention that the buffet is only $10? Whoa. Lovin' it.
Friend and I got dinner here - we were out walking and happened upon this place. We didn't expect anything amazing, but the space looked cozy, and then... the food was really good! We had pumpkin flower fritters to start, which were cooked just as they are in India, airy and crispy (and unfortunately a bit greasy too, but that comes with the territory). Don't remember our entrees but they made us nostalgic for India!
Seva!!! In our time of need, you came through! Yum! Yum! Yummy!Everything is fresh.  It always takes them a little bit of time to cook the food, but I am glad to wait because that means it's being made when we order (not sitting in containers waiting to be reheated).  I definitely recommend starting with the sampler platter (veggie samosa, chicken samosa, pakora, and lamb spring roll) because it's difficult to choose between the four items.  As for entrees, I LOVE the Lamb Vindaloo!  It's spicy and delicious. The Chicken Tikka Masala is my second runner up.  Grab a side of garlic naan and you're all set.  Just make sure you have a friend or two to share it with because you get a TON of food.  If you're going solo, no problem!  You'll be enjoying the leftovers for a few days.This is by far the best Indian food I've eaten in New York.
I wish I can write much more about this amazing restaurant and the employees !!!! They are extremely helpful and so pleasant that you don't even feel that you are in the stressful city of NY... or in Astoria where most of people that work in this area don't really care about their customers!!!Food is amazing, definitely the best Indian that I ever had!!! My favorite is definitely Chicken Tikka masala.....however everything else is amazing!!!! Definitely is worth the trip form the city or anywhere else!!!!Thank you Seva for making my dinning experience amazing every time I go there!!!!P.S.: AGAIN THE SERVICE IS AMAZING!!!
One of my new fav Indian restaurants. Had the tiki masala. Mango lassi... indian bread.. all delicious. Well worth the price. Service is great! The waiter was always there. Got a free glass of wine by checking in. Great place.
updating for weekend buffet: Their buffet deal is great and only costs about $12. The food won't be very spicy because it needs to be tolerable for a spectrum of preferences but it has always tasted great to me.
As far as Indian food goes in Astoria, Seva is quite possibly your best bet.  The prefix that started as a restaurant week price several years ago, is still in place today and you truly get a bang for your buck.  Everything that I have eaten at Seva has been delicious and just the right ouch of spicy (or not spicy if you're eating the Tandoor Chicken).  The serivce is always great and the food comes out fast.My favorite meal to get is the prefix: Samosa or a Crab Cake appetizer, Chicken Tikka Masala entree, and the Rice pudding dessert are the best.Also their Naan bread is delicios.
This review is for their takeout/delivery as I've never eaten inside the restaurant.I know Indian food. There's a large Indian population where I grew up as well as where I went to college, so this is not my first rodeo.I've only had the lunch special (which btw is a steal), which consisted of paneer tikka masala, basmati rice, and the mango lassi. If they sold their mango lassi by the crate, I would buy it. it is that good. It's thick and yogurt-y (yes I just did that) and has a nice mango flavor.The flavor of the paneer tikka masala was good and consistent every time I ordered it, but the spicy flavor which makes Indian food so great (in my opinion) is missing. I've even requested my food to be made spicier and it doesn't even make my tongue tingle. If it weren't for that, this place would have 5 stars.
I love this restaurant. The food is absolutely delicious, ive never ordered one bad thing. They always deliver in a timely way.
This is my favorite Indian spot in New York. Their food is delicious and authentic, and there's something about it that just feels insanely homey and comforting. The restaurant itself is small but not cramped - great for an intimate date, though there's often a wait on busier nights. If that's the case, just order out! They're always prompt with delivery and pick-up. If you do dine in, however...they have great prices on wine per glass!! :)
Okay. I feel I need to write that this was my first time eating Indian food... An acquired taste for this type of food is necessary to enjoy it.. All of the spices are like a party in your mouth and I'm sure if your palate is one that enjoys such then this place is for you... Came here after reading such awesome reviews on yelp.. Decided on the price fixe chicken samosa, chicken tikka masala, basmati rice & Kheer... Also added the masala crab cake& a cheese nan..I was not a fan of the chicken samosa at all neither was my fiancé and the masala crab cake could have had more crab in it, I also thought it was a little gummy on the inside .. The basmati rice was decent and the chicken tikka masala was pretty good .. Tender, white meat chunks were cooked well and as for the cheese nan, it was good but I barely tasted the homemade cheese .. Rice pudding (kheer) was also good but I think there was nuts in it.. Beware if you have an allergy... Place is small and is very intimate I probably wouldn't go here with a large party .. Waitress had a flat affect and filled our water every two seconds .... The experience was good I personally just don't think this type of food is my favorite.. Price fix with addtl app and nan came to like $30 it was a lot of food for the price which is good... I also don't know why they charged for the nan when it was the equivalent of a pita which numerous restaurants usually give free of charge or even like loaves of bread or dinner rolls Ya know? I just thought they should not be charging $3.50 for a warm pita with some flavorless cheese that's just me tho..
Im afraid now...My fiancee is delicate when it comes to Indian so I tend to stay safe and encourage her to eat a little of everything to find a taste and see what she likes.  Personally, I'm a pepperhead and if I'm asked how Hot I want it I answer "Thai Spicy" or "10" and say "don't worry' after.I was safe this time because Ive never been here and the place was empty at 7:30 Friday night.  I ordered the Tandoor Sampler Entree (15) she ordered the Navratan Korma (10) with the Appetizer Sampler to start (7 (Veggie and Chicken Samosas, 4 pakora and a lamb spring roll cut in two)).The place was packed, with a line outside at 8.At the first bite of the veggie and potato samosa I knew this place was going to be in my life.  I've been to Indian spots all over Queens and NEVER had I had an appetizer that tasted like it was made that day and cooked to order.  The Lamb Spring Roll was DELICATE and FULL OF FLAVOR AND SPICE.  I dont know why they have Salt and Pepper on the Table.My Tandoor Sampler was out of this world tasty, especially the CHICKEN MALAI KABAB was INTENSE.  A Coconut-ey, Cashew-ey surprise.She loved her Curry.  I'm going to reccomend this to anybody reading this and anybody looking for fantastic Indian Food in Queens.
Reasonable prices and an ambiance fit for an excellent date, Seva always satisfies my cravings for good Indian. The Saag Paneer is a must-try and the waitstaff is lovely, answering all of my friend's questions about spiciness level.
Well I would never write a bad review about this place unless my experience was really really bad . This use to be my best to go place . I always order their combo with chicken tikka masala , and the veg korma , soup . This place Dissatisfied me last couple of times . I gave them a chance not writing a bad review but this time I thought I should definitely do it .Last couple of times I ordered my usual chicken tikka masala and korma and it's not the same it used to be . The chicken is so dry and it was burned . Also the korma is not creamy . The taste , the color of veg korma is totally different . I don't know if they changed their chef or what ? So this is not at all , they even forgot my soda . But guess what I  am not coming this place anymore after happening this to me . There are other indian places in Astoria Astoria , I rather give them business ...
This place is everything!  They make the best Indian food (IMO) in all of the 5 broughs. They have this prix fix, with an app., entree and dessert for $14 and change, so good!, You even have leftover to bring home. Everyone is nice and the service is fast. I highly recommend Seva!
Seva!!!!!!!! We love love love this place. We have nothing bad to say at all. We have been visiting them for 5+ years. They are consistent, great service, great food, great prices and just the best.We order here, we go in to the restaurant and they are always the same. They have never mixed up a take out order or had any mistakes. They are just good at what they do. It's a tiny restaurant so it can get a little hot inside but we just love Seva! They are always helpful with my gluten free needs too. Yea Seva!
Note to all Indian restaurants in the world: no cilantro means no cilantro. I cannot seem to ever successfully request this. Seva, you therefore do not get more than 3 stars.Came in here for a snack.... not bad. Got the appetizer sampler and the bhel puri. The bhel puri was delicious but did not come with yogurt. The sampler had some interesting things, including meaty samosas (one had chicken, I think another had lamb). The food was great, but the wait was long.
We got delivery from here took about 1 hour had ordered online on their web-site but the user interface was really bad even our credit card did not go though due to their webpage Please simplify your web-site , Food was good but on the expensive side we got the dinner special only came with Samosas, Rice and Sabzi and Sweet for $14 NO Naan with that. Samosas very ok not that great.
I've been a Seva devotee for over a year now. Without much competition, they easily top out as Astoria's best Indian restaurant. The prix fixe dinner has been mentioned many times as a great value, but I believe their real secret is in their delivery service. My theories: the portions are larger than dining in; the flavors of each dish have more time to blend and blossom; the speed at which they deliver is astounding while the food arrives perfectly piping hot. Unbelievable values in my book. If you decide to dine in, be prepared for a small, cramped, crowded and noisy / lively space during prime dinner hours. Service is consistently attentive and the food has not yet disappointed. My menu favorites: malai kofta, saag paneer, fennel chicken, lamb spring roll, veg samosa and coconut naan.
Super Indian food. It's a bit small inside but do not let that stop you it's the best Indian food in Queens or at least Astoria !!
AMAZINNNGGGGGGGGG! Wow was I surprised by this cute little restaurant. I honestly wasn't expecting much, but i was proven wrong.The ambiance, food & service were all amazing. Mango Lassi was the best I've ever had at a restaurant. Lamb shish kebab was on point. Perfectly spiced and a good portion for an appetizer. The chicken vindaloo and chicken tikka masala were perfectly spiced and delicious and filling. The plain naan was so soft and buttery, My mouth waters just thinking about the food. This place definitely deserves 5 + stars. Definitely plan on going back again soon!
My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here!!!We had the: Chicken tikka masalagarlic naan- also the naan bread texture is superb its fluffy, and light so delicious!lamb skewersveg samosasmango lassi.The food was superb, light and so robust and full of flavor.But most of all the service was excellent, the waitstaff was so sweet and gentile. Looking forward to my next visit.
Pros:Great serviceGood Indian FoodCons:Cramped seatingTerrible for those with sensitive stomachs
Came here for the $10.95 all you can eat weekend lunch buffet. The selection was kind of small but each dish was rich in flavor and the offerings were a mix of meat and vegetarian. The food could have been hotter but it didn't ruin the meal. When fresh naan was put out it was fantastic! Will definitely come back and try ordering off the menu for dinner
Came here on a Sunday around 8PM and it was poppin' -- our party of 3 had to wait 25-ish minutes for a table. This place is pretty cramped by Queens standards. Our experience was marred by the somewhat ineffective service. The waiters are certainly friendly, but after waiting an eternity to be seated, we sat waiting for menus until one of the waiters finally noticed me giving him evil eye. And they totally forgot to bring us those complimentary chips. I don't even like those, but it certainly added to the feeling of neglect and incompetence. I'm not sure why the staff all seem so harried; there were quite a few of them in the small restaurant but they were all rushing around regardless.Anyway. I ordered the prix fixe, which is definitely good value. Lamb spring roll: Interesting...hefty and satisfying but a bit too salty for my taste.Chicken vindaloo: Fiery, but not so much as to be painful -- the perfect burn. The chicken was dry, though. Kheer (rice pudding): Well, I love rice pudding and it's pretty hard to mess up. Yum yum.Overall, I was disappointed by the service and unimpressed by the food. I wonder how they fit a lunch buffet into such a tiny space?!
Since I've never stepped into Seva, this review is solely based on their delivery special. I've ordered it several times, and have never been disappointed. You get an appetizer, entree with basmati rice, and either dessert or mango lassi, all for just $13.50. Two people could very easily share this and be satisfied. Now, I *love* spicy food, but one word of caution: their vindaloo is really, really spicy. By the time I was done eating my food, my nose was running. My poor boyfriend's brow was sweaty, and he could barely eat the stuff.And despite the option of ordering it mild, medium, or spicy, it always comes spicy.Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but those who can't handle the heat should beware.Delivery generally takes a full 45-60 minutes, but it's always worth the wait. Cheap, filling, consistently delicious... I feel fortunate to have Seva in my neighborhood.
By far the best Indian in New York, in terms of both quality and value! My wife and I came here for our 1 year anniversary, and we were met with steller service (never had a glass empty) and a DIVINE three course prix fix meal ($13.50?!?!?!). They were also very generous with their wine pouring and the Indian beer my wife had was solid. What to get:- Appetizer: Both the lamb appetizer and the crab cakes were phenomenal. - Main Course: The Chicken Tikka Masala was out of this world! - Desert: You can't go wrong with either of the prix fix options, although I am partial to rice pudding.From beginning to end, the meal was pitch perfect.
Small but really nice, cozy atmosphere and very attentive service. I had the lamb rogan josh and told them to make it spicy. The flavor was perfect. The spice was not overpowering. The lamb could have been more tender, but I still enjoyed my meal. Portion was good for the price since I got the pre fixe dinner which came with an app and dessert for $15. For the app I had butternut squash soup which I enjoyed. Dessert was rice pudding which I wasn't crazy about but of course I still ate it lol. Definitely will return.
Where to begin... Cannot brag about their service or delivery since I have always picked up my order from Seva. IMO - Their food is the best Indian in Astoria and LIC. Tried - chicken tikka masala, lamb korma, chicken vindaloo, samosas, and naan. I always order it for dinner to keep some for lunch the next day, otherwise I can eat the whole thing at once (not that the portions are small that I do not feel full after eating half, but you know, sometimes the food you have on your plate is so delicious you just want to keep eating until you pass out). One star shy from 5 stars as it is a bit pricey (for me anyway). But still, I'd rather pay a few bucks more for decent food.
I've been getting food from Seva going on 3 years now, and it's still my favorite Indian food anywhere in the city.The takeout and eat-in portions are huge: an entree comes with a giant takeout container of your meal, plus an entire takeout container of rice. I usually get saag paneer and whatever they do to the tofu in it makes it some of the best I've ever had, definitely a must-order. I always have leftovers too.The naan is to die for. The samosas are HUGE and so good (I've had the veggie ones). I've also had the butternut squash soup, the rice pudding, and the mango lassis, all of which I'd recommend. If you ask for your meal spicy, beware it will be VERY spicy.They have a $13.50 delivery special that comes with an appetizer, a meal, and a desert. If you order that you'll be super full and have leftovers, so I think it's a great price.I don't eat-in there as much as I like, but the service is very attentive and friendly. It's pretty small inside so it can be crowded but it still has a nice ambiance.
True story based on first experience at Seva last year: I was still thinking about their vegan butternut squash soup 3 days after I ate here. I couldn't stop! It was almost like a sick infatuation. The portion is perfect, and the stainless steel bowl keeps the soup hot throughout your meal. I felt like it was a never ending bowl of soup. The texture is delicately creamy and the freshly ground black pepper really rounds out the flavors. I always try ordering something different with my pre-fixe menu, but I can never say no to the butternut squash soup.EVERYTHING is good here, and I've never been disappointed with the service at Seva. Space can get pretty tight here, but they always make it work. I appreciate that they're also good with reservations. It's a perfect place for date night, catching up with girlfriends, or even bringing your family!
Love Seva! I order delivery from them frequently and have eaten at the restaurant several times. Delivery portions are huge and the food always arrives in a timely manner. Service in the restaurant is phenomenal. The food is always amazing! The best Indian food I've ever had!
Great food!  One thing about a proper delicious Indian food restaurant is always consistency. Seva is always always consistent with their dishes and flavors.   I've been coming here for years for their lunch special combos are picking up for dinner.  The samosas and tikka masala are amazingly good.  Yes typical gringo dishes but man I love it from here.  In my opinion they're the best Indian in Astoria and a lot tastier than most spots even in Jackson heights these days.  Also, the service is always excellent.  They're always so friendly and smiling.  Love this place.  Keep it up guys.
There's hot, there's damn hot and then there's Seva. I'm not one to bulk at heat but the chicken vindaloo was hotter than even I could handle. But it wasn't heat for heat's sake. It was just good. My paramour's mild tika masala was unbearably hot to her. Once the fire in mouth subsided the taste of the food alas slowly entered my previously scorched palette. Yummy!
Finally Astorians can rejoice that there is a great Indian restaurant to be had in the neighborhood! Despite only having been open for 2 months thus far Seva has been receiving great reviews both on and off Yelp.The restaurant itself is a bit on the small side but this is what makes this mom & pop restaurant so comfortable and quaint.  With colorful chiffon lining the walls and tasteful yet simple decoration and music that compliments well, it certainly makes the dining experience great.I had a chance to chat with the owner here about the food and the restaurant.  Immediately you'll notice a few things different about the food, they are not overly spiced nor overly oily like so many other Indian establishments.This is a fully purposeful decision made by the owner and it has been perfectly executed.  The chef himself is originally from Bombay and many of the spices used are actually Fedex'ed directly from India (By the owner's mother of all people).The lunch specials are great at only $8 and are offered even on the weekends and pricing is just amazing for what you get. Portions are perfect and everything tasted absolutely divine.The Bok Choy Crispy Curls (Pakoras) were lightly battered compared to what I've commonly found with other battered Indian food. Upon asking, I discovered they decided to use a batter made with Japanese panko to give it that thin delicate crust.This is definitely one of those little secrets that I'm once again torn about Yelping.  You see it's a great little place I want to keep as my little secret, but at the same time I'd love to see this place flourish as a business.I'll definitely be back soon!
I live within a block from the restaurant--and whenever I have indian food cravings, I ALWAYS GO TO THEM (not only because they are close.) Let me start with that their Samosas are amaaaaaaaazing. AMAAAAAAAZING. A-MAH-ZING. They give two plump big samosas for $4 with a green spicy and brown sweet sauce. LOVE THEM. Naan and roti is always made within. Tandoori chicken is delicious, as well. The ambience is sexy, but urban. Great for date night or a night with the girls. What I love THE MOST is the staff--they ARE SOOOOOOOOOO CORDIAL. Friendly and professional. I''ve gone there many times and they treat me the same way they did as the first time I went in. They're incredibly polite. Quick story: one time I made a bit of a mistake with the restaurant and ended up screwing up my order, by mistake. The staff was super understanding and forgiving. They didn't make it a big deal, even after I apologized a bajillion times. I love them. I have nothing to complain. I URGE FOR YOU TO GO!
Being that I am the Duke of Haandi (#1 Establishment in all of NYC), I feel like it is my duty to try all Indian cuisine. I honestly don't think that any place will live up to Haandi, EVER.Came to Seva last night at around 9:30pm with a female friend. We were seated quickly and the service was nothing to complain about. We both ordered the prix fix diner, I had the lamb spring roll and Lamb Vindaloo, she had the Crab Cake and the chicken korma. On top of that we had an order of Garlic Naan and Mango Lassis. The food was fine, nothing over the top. Basic Indian food for a Caucasian Demographic....I really don't know why I ordered the Vindaloo, it was so DAMN hot, I could hardly stand the heat. I have ordered this in the past, and said the same thing to myself, but I guess I was feeling confident last night. That being said, Seva is a nice place for a casual date, beware though after eating all that spice you may get a tummy ache....
I went there on review basis but for was average, quantity was exceptionally more than enough but quality was little downside in flavor. Don't have good wine choice and waiters there don't have much knowledge about it. Place is little congested when full but staff is good, they serve and collect review on food.
Great dinner deal $14pp gets app, main, and dessert. Be sure to check in to get free glass of wine! Quick and nice service too
Seva is Real good indian restaurant it's a real small place usually packed every night of the week after 6 but it has excellent food I had a lot of things on the menu and it's always on point they also have 3 different kinds of Indian beer they go well with the food I go here around once a month it never lets me down and the service is excellent maybe even to good that I'm usually putting down a 30 percent  tip down lol enjoy
This is possibly the best Indian restaurant in New York outside Jackson Heights.The food is consistently good and the prices are reasonable. The ambiance, well, you'll be to distracted by how good the food is you wouldn't even notice the ambiance. That's not to say that the place looks bad, it's not - it's okay. They guys that work here are very nice and polite. Actually, they are very polite. And attentive. They never failed to keep our much needed water glasses full. We usually start with vegetable Samosas then get the chicken tikka masala, the aloo gobi matar and plain naan.And they are always excellent.Try not to get anything "spicy" and you will enjoy this place!
Meh.  It's ok.  The chicken in my chicken tikka was dry.  The service was decent though.  I'd be willing to give it another try.
I came here craving some good Indian food after being disappointed with some other restaurants in the city and was pleasantly surprised. The food here was delicious, the menu easy to navigate and the pre fix dinner was very good value. I had the lamb vindaloo, it was very tasty and spicy.
Can I give it 4.5 stars?  The food and the delivery are solid. Minus 1 star for the cramped space and often slow service.The lunch menu is the best value. The delivery special is fabulous. The beer and wine prices are incredible.Soups: the butternut squash soup and the mulligatawny soup are both tasty.Apps: veggie and chicken somosas are outstanding; masala crab cakes are moist; and lamb spring rolls are meat-heaven. (I think I tried the pakora one time and was surprised that I liked it. When not ordering the lunch or delivery special, the sampler platter is definitely the way to go!)Nan: fantastic.Vegetarian & Vegan Entrees: the chana masala is so superb that I've never tried another veggie entree! (I probably order this 1 out of every 3 times.)Non-vegetarian Entrees: fennel chicken curry is my favorite, & they make it as spicy as I request! Lamb rogan josh is also fantastic, and the chicken korma and lamb korma are yummy as well.Dessert: can't go wrong - kheer, gulab jamun and mango lassi are all wonderful.The basmati rice is always cooked to perfection.I have probably eaten other items that I failed to mention, (and they must have been good b/c I've never had anything but great food at Seva,) but the ones I listed are the ones that stand out. I've been a regular since it opened, so it's hard to keep track. Everyone is so nice, including the owner, which makes up for the table service being slow.
Seva has the most amazing indian food in Astoria. The chicken tikka was great for lunch. I ordered a samosa and oh my god the vindaloo is so good! I love spicy food. The mango lassi- I switched it with my soda order from lunch, which the manager wasn't so sure on doing, but he actually did serve me it which made me very happy! I thanked him a bunch and my friend who came with me was a loyal customer there so maybe that's why.. :) I will definitely come back for some more.
I have only ever gotten takeout from this place, but it is consistently really good. The dinner special for 13.50 is a great deal and gets you an appetizer, entree, and dessert. Of the appetizers, I would say the standout is the samosas which are quite tasty. I have had the crab cakes also and while not bad, they are definitely about what you would expect when ordering a crab cake from an Indian restaurant. The chicken tikka masala may be the best I've had. Granted, I grew up in North Dakota where we didn't have much in the way of ethnic food so take this judgement with a grain of salt. I will worn you however, that this dish is HOT. Definitely not for the faint of heart. I have also had the Lamb Rogan Josh which is pretty good. Please note that while they list it as "desert" on the menu, do not be expecting sand. What you can expect is some pretty tasty Galub Jamun! I knocked off 1 star because there is something off with their Naan. Seems like this would be the easiest thing to make well but their's just isn't as enjoyable as naan usually is to me. All in all, a great option for takeout in Astoria!
This gets almost five stars, but since it's the best I've had in Astoria, it's gets a boost. Large portions but the pice reflects that- if you can split an entree with naan and maybe samosas is plenty.  If you like Indian spicy you have to say 'Indian spicy' but they hit that in the head especially with the vindaloo
Amazing Indian food, intimate ambiance (gorgeous decor and candles, hello date-night!), and quick/attentive service. I swear, we had eight different waiters throughout the night refilling our water, checking on our food, and making sure we had everything we need. Our appetizer came out of the kitchen quickly, and were followed right by the main course. And I loved that they gave me and my date enough time to talk (and digest!) before bringing out the dessert, even though we came on a busy Friday night.This is as good as it gets, folks! I highly recommend the prix fix dinner, which gets you an appetizer, main course, side of rice, and dessert for only $13.50. Oh, and the garlic naan is like sweet, tangy mana descending from heaven... try it out, today!
This is THE BEST indian restaurant I have ever been too. The lamb rolls are amazing spicy and chock full of flavor. The chicken tandoori is fresh and full of flavor. And their nan bread is outstanding. Try the cheese nan. And the people who work there are fabulous super nice very accommodating lovely place
This place caught my attention after my Brooklyn friends would travel all the way to Astoria just for some food at Seva's (followed by visiting me because I'm so important). I gave it a try and became a regular customer. I've only been to about three various Indian Cuisine spots but Seva definitely tops them all!
Manhattan quality at Queens prices! Seriously one of the best Indian restaurants that I have been to In the 5 boros. The weather was in the 40's and rainy which for me is perfect for Indian food! (WTH did Spring go?)  I saw it pop up  on Yelp a few times but ignored it for the most part. One of the reasons is people seem to be overly forgiving of bad Indian, Chinese and Mexican food in the 5 boros on Yelp for some reason.The flavors were all distinctly different unlike restaurants like Jackson Diner which in my opinion serves generic Indian mush. We only found it due to having my massage in the area and wanting to eat out since I didn't get out of my massage until 9:30 PM.I also accidentally deleted some of the pictures we took. But I managed not to delete them all!Here is what we had. 1.Tandoori Chicken Tikka. 2.Navarattan Korma 3.Aloo Chana Matar 4.Lamb Rogan Josh. Everything was distinctive and enjoyable.The restaurant space itself is small. But seating is comfortable in spite of that. But there are only about 10-12 tables.  My husband got up when they presented us with the bill and went to the ATM. They all kind of panicked and thought we were skipping out on the bill.Slow your Kati roll! He was just going to the ATM! Service was good but  slightly over zealous! But better overly zealous than clueless like MexiQ. We will be back for sure!
The people who work here are really nice and very attentive. It's a small place. It basically feels like you're stepping into someone's living room, (I think their kitchen is downstairs) but I think that's what makes it so charming.The ingredients are very fresh and every dish I've had feels like it been just prepared (even their rice never seems dry). They gave us a free pappadum to start. The time I went, I think there was a 3-course special, I got the butternut squash soup. The chicken tikka tandoori was cooked perfectly, juicy and flavorful, not too spicy, flecked with bits of cilantro. I don't remember which dessert I got, maybe the galub jamun. Think it was good, but smaller than desserts in Jackson Heights, nothing too special. Friend had the Biryani and enjoyed it. It was more of a medium spice. The rice was so fluffy.Oh My Gosh! the Cucumber Raita! Awesome! mixed with spiced rice, dipped with chicken tandoori, spread on naan, just awesome.The mango lassi was just okay, sweeter and with more liquid than how I like my lassi's.Overall, great quality of food. Glad that Seva's in Astoria. In the past they've had a Thanksgiving menu, very inventive. I'd like to try it sometime if I'm stuck in the city.
Hands down the best Indian food I've ever had in NYC. Better than any other place.
UPDATE!Updating my review because I absolutely love this place.  I usually order pick-up, but the food is incredible.  Best Indian food I've ever had, the only problem is I can't stop eating it and usually end up way too full!  I recommend the Lamb Korma and my wife loves the chicken tikka masala.  The butternut squash soup is delicious too.old review:Service:  Attentive, but very difficult to communicate with.  Decor: Nothing specialSilverware: Cheap, lunchroom-style and bendy forksBathroom: Dirty, old crappy bathroom down very steep stepsFood: EXCELLENT!The butternut squash soup was unbelievably tasty, and the chicken tikka masala melted in my mouth.  The crab cake was too spicy, and the Lamb Korma was good, not great.  The nan was awesome.The terrible service, cheap materials, and bathrooms bring bring the place down 2 full stars for me.
Went here on a Sunday around 1 PM for lunch for two. Easy parking outside, were 3-4 spots open and meters were not running(as it's a weekend), place was easy to find. It's right next to Sweet Afton, another Astorian favorite. Nice enough outside, lovely inside which, honestly, surprised me after having gone to so many Indian places in Flushing and Jackson Heights. Nice inside with some wood paneling and nice seating. Waiters were nice and friendly, but oddly enough, they were a diverse group! One hispanic, one east asian and one Indian! In an Indian place! Don't see that often in Jackson Heights, where the servers sometimes struggle with English! We both had the buffet, it was around $12 per head.Now, usually I do my best to avoid buffets but I figured I'd give it a try. It looked good and it had an A health rating so heh, what could go wrong? Well, nothing! Lined up and got a plate, put some basmati rice, naan(OK), samosa(have had better), chicken tikki masala(very good, would go back for this - 4 or 4.5 / 5), chicken korma(good- 3.5/5) and salak paneer(I've had much better in the city but it was OK - 3/5). Had a mango lassi, which was good, and a rice pudding, which wasn't very thick and pretty grainy for rice pudding, as well.Overall, good. Next time I'll try an entree ordered off the menu or get take out. None of the food was spicy at all so the buffet would be very easy for anybody who can't handle spice. If you want a more authentic feel, I'd head over to Jackson Heights or Flushing, though. Saw a comment saying this was palace food and, if so, it really is more suited to an American palate than places like the Dosa Hutt or the Ganesh temple where things come on styrofoam plates and where you're warned about the spice if you're white.
been ordering from Seva for over a year and have never had a disappointment, even stopped in to dine in one night, also just as good, the staff there is very friendly and the meals are always delicious
Just had the lunch buffet with my girlfriend here. I'm not tremendously impressed though. The food taste was alright but the variety wasn't there. They only had 6 dishes (not including basmati rice and naan) and the food was very basic fare. The paneer was hardly visible (it was dissolved in the spinach), the chana (garbanzo beans) was very spicey, and they offered chutney but without any papad, there was no point in it. The food was sooooooo ordinary. The dessert was kheer. That was good though. But honestly,my girl and I were not impressed with the BUFFET. I'm not sure what their lunch special is like so I can't comment on that. But for the price ($10) you can get a much better buffet spread in Jackson Heights. Also the bathroom was dark!! Just a little light was available and the stairs to the bathroom was scary! Pass on this place for the BUFFET.
Since moving to NYC last year I've become a huge Indian food fan for the first time in my life due to restaurants like this one.  So many interesting flavors to experience.  I've tried Chicken Tikka Masala at a handful of places in NYC and this was the best.  It is just bursting with all kinds of interesting flavor from the seasonings and meaty goodness.The best deal here is the lunch special for take out around 8 bucks with rice, entree, and soup.One star off for dinner price though - I find myself going to Namaste and Ghandi more often for dinner down the street because they have been running Groupon and Yelp deals so it is hard for me to justify coming to Seva without a deal.
Freaking awesome!  That is how I am going to start this one.When I moved into Astoria, my roommate told me about this awesome Indian place she had been to 2 blocks away. At first, I was like "ew Indian food."  But since she kept raving about how delicious this place was, i decided to try it. We ordered take out. And it changed my life. I am no longer scared of Indian food. Now we order from here at least once a month.Their portions are huge. Their prices are reasonable. And their service is fast and friendly.  They also ask you how hot you want the dishes to be so you can basically personalize the meal.  When you dine in, your water glass is always kept full (very important for when the food is spicy and you run out naan). I also took my friend from England who loves Indian food and he said it was the best he's ever had.  So if that's not an indication of how awesome his place is, i don't know what is.   Here is what I've ordered:Veggie Samoa - not too greasy.  Just the right amount of spice.Naan:  Who doesn't love oven baked  bread smothered in garlic??!!  We had the rosemary one once. That was good too.  Masala Crab Cakes: Actually, these gave me bad heartburn.  But...it happens.Chicken Takka Masala:  A iconic Indian dish. The chicken is flavorful. And they also give you a lot of extra sauce to dip your naan in.   Saag Paneer (Spinach, homemade cheese, ginger, garlic):  This seemed to be more of a side dish, but it was really good. The cheese was a nice surprise. And also great for naan-dippingLamb Rogan Josh (cardamom-cinnamon scented curry sauce with hints of clove and nutmeg): I was prompted to order this by my English friend. It was awesome. The lamb was tender. And the sauce was incredibly flavorful.  i dream of this dish now.This place is awesome for anyone who loves flavorful food.  If you've never had Indian before, I'd recommend this place as a great starter to their delicious cuisine.  Also, every time we order there are leftovers for days...which is the best part of eating out or ordering taking out.
Yes, for the price you pay, this is as good as it gets in Astoria!Everything was excellent. Good service, friendly and accommodating. We tried a few different plates and all where great. Plenty of choices, including Vegan, vegetarian, chicken and some lamb...The spices were very nicely held back for those in the party who could not handle the heat...the only criticism I can make is that the coconut Nan, although very nice, did not have the apparent taste of coconut..
I don't think I have ever been disappointed at Seva.  I have eaten here dozens of times and it consistently remains one of the best indian restaurants I have ever (ever) eaten at. Whether you do delivery or dining in, the food is always good.  I could start talking about all the dishes I've had and what they all taste like but I've tried almost all of them and every single one is fantastic. Also, they have a great selection during their lunch buffet.  One thing I miss is that they used to have samosas during the buffet but they stopped that about a year ago.  Even so, everything else is amazing and at a very good price.MUCH better than the other two indian restaurants around the corner!
We used to claim allegiance to Raj Mahal on E6th Street, but moved to Astoria and quickly changed our tune.  Seva is the most delicious in the land!!
This is a deal yo!! Pre-fix menu and you will get your samosa , chicken tikka masala and gulab jamun for 15 $ :)  also my friend went for saag paneer and I must say it was cooked to perfection and was delicious! Pre-fix menu has lots of options! Extra order of Naan was needed as the dish came with rice ( why can't we substitute rice with naan? ) Naan was fresh and yum!My friend doesn't eat spicy and they made sure everything was on mild side .Service is awesome and quick. Ambience was nice. Fantastic music !! I loved every moment of being here ( no I wasn't drunk) but I did enjoy good old Indian beer- king fisher!
Really enjoyed everything here. Very intimate, casual, yet upscale. Food was delicious and prices super affordable. Appetizer, entree, and dessert for 2 under $40 is unheard of anywhere else!! I even had a glass of wine and still only paid $22 for my portion (and that's including the tip)!! We had the veggie samosas, lamb saag, and aloo gobi matar, followed by yummy rice pudding. My friend and I were so full they practically had to roll us out of there lol. Loved it, I'll be back!
My boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch today and were pleasantly surprised by their low-priced lunch menu. For $7.50/ea, we enjoyed butternut squash soup, rice, and an entree. I ordered the Aloo Gobi Matar and my boyfriend had the Chicken Korma. We also ordered some garlic naan bread. I was warned that ordering my dish spicy would result in it being...well, spicy. That was okay because that's just how I like it! The soup was awesome and both of our entrees were very good. Also, the bill came to just under $20. Can't beat that for the quality of the food! Plus we have enough leftovers for both of us to have lunch tomorrow. We'll definitely be back!
This is the go-to indian food restaurant in my household.  Our favorite time to order is lunch time because their lunch special is quite a deal.  We get take out a lot because it's easy, but we've eaten in on numerous occasions and the service has always been welcoming and efficient.  We ate here so often at one point that they even knew us by name.We have tried a variety of entrees, apps, etc, and have never been disappointed.  Always flavorful and fresh.  The only only warning I would give is that, on occasion, their spiciness level is not accurate. Their restaurant has a lovely ambience about it.  It is decorated well and always smells heavenly.  It is a small restaurant though, so it can get crowded quickly due to popularity.Their menu includes an excellent selection of vegetarian dishes, along with meat dishes - they please all types of eaters!
This place is the it place in astoria when it comes to Indian cuisine. By far the best quality and taste in town.  There are some other locations that are good but not as good as Seva. Just wish they deliver near Socrates park.
With many Indian restaurants to choose from in Astoria, Seva stands out amongst the crowd. Offering flavorful, top notch Indian fare, an excellent prix fix menu, outstanding service and ambience, Seva truly is a gem. Seva is personally my favorite Indian restaurant, and one of my preferred restaurants in Astoria.I've been to Seva more than any other restaurant in Astoria (although it may be a tie with the weekend morning bagels I crave from Mt. Olympus Bagels) and have yet to experience a bad meal or less than stellar dining experience. Seva starts you off with a light and crispy serving of Pappadum, accompanied with tamarind and mint chutneys.  The prix fix menu is the way to go at Seva, with an appetizer, entrée, Basmati rice, and dessert for $13.50. Not only that, but the portions are generous, guaranteeing a leftover meal the next day. For our visit, my friend and I ordered the Masala Crab Cake and Butternut Squash Soup for appetizers, Chana Saag and Chicken Tikka Masala as the entrees, and Kheer for dessert, along with Garlic Nan, Mango Lassi, and Iced Tea.This visit was my first time trying the Butternut Squash Soup. I usually get the Vegetable Samosa, which has a perfectly crispy, flaky shell filled with spiced potatoes and green peas, served on top of mint and tamarind chutneys. Not certain the soup could hold up to my samosa expectations, I was pleasantly surprised to find the Butternut Squash Soup had the same depth in flavors as the samosa, and was thick and creamy as if it has been simmering all day. The soup is spiced with nutmeg, tamarind, and a hint of cinnamon, with just the right amount of kick. The Masala Crab Cake consists of lump crab meat, garam masala, and mint, served on top of a yogurt and lemon-cilantro sauce. The yogurt sauce stabilizes the heat of the garam masala spices.The Chicken Tikka Masala is my staple Seva dish. As much as I tell myself I will order their other dishes, the dish is so perfectly done, I cannot gravitate away from it. The dish consists of tender white meat cubed chicken, cooked in a clay oven and served in a light cream tomato sauce. Seva lets you choose the spiciness of your entrée, in either mild, medium, or hot, although even the mild has a spicy kick. The Chicken Tikka Masala comes topped with fresh parsley, which accompanies the delicate yet complex flavors embedded in the dish. The sauce is extremely flavorful, and the meat is so tender making this a favorite dish. The Basmati rice is also subtly spiced with cloves and saffron.
I order from this place multiple times a week. Delivery special is enough for 2 at around 15 bucks. Lunch special is a great deal as well. Food is super solid and very flavorful but slightly inconsistent. Dishes change depending on who's cooking but I never have bad meals. Great value.Recommend.
Amazing, delicious, fantastic! Good prices, good portion sizes, best Indian place I have been to in NYC.
You don't have to travel to East 7th Street in the village to get great Indian food. Look no further than Seva. Truth be told, I only ordered takeout (chicken tikka masala with rosemary naan), but the delivery was fast and the food was delicious. Can't ask for much more. So if you find yourself in the Astoria neighborhood and have a craving for Indian, head to Seva.
Best Indian food in the city. The garlic naan is light and perfectly browned to enhance the flavor. The chicken samosa is delicious and even better with the sauces it comes with. For a main course I usually get either the Saag Paneer or the Lamb Korma. Both are very flavorful and well seasoned. I love spicy food and they can definitely adjust the spice level to match your flavor. If you feel like a real adventure, order the plate with the little green chiles and onions. Yikes!!!Great to place to have great food and hang out with friends
Definitely the best Indian place in Astoria and in my opinion one of the best in the New York area. Great vegetarian options. Fast service. A+
This is my fav Indian spot in Astoria.  Haven't had a bad experience here and it's almost always packed when I go in.  Great lunch/dinner specials and the tikka masala is fantastic! It's the perfect date spot for a casual/low key evening out... plus it's right next door to  Sweet Afton which is convenient for a drink afterwards. Beware the medium spicy is pretty spicy, but tastes great.
Excellent food and great service. Dishes can be a little over-salted, but everything tastes fresh, well-spiced and high quality. Place can get a little packed (and thus a little loud) but never too long of a wait. Butternut squash soup is a must-try.
My go-to for Indian in Astoria. I have not had complaint yet, and am a sucker for their Lamb Saag and Chicken Tika. Their coconut naan never grows old, although I tend to order them frequently in the colder months, since their food is heavier. You're unlikely to have complaints, and the staff is even friendly when you visit.
This place is so good, I ate it three meals in a row. I ordered online via their website, which was easy. They called to confirm the order and to tell me that the lamb vindaloo that I ordered "medium spicy (all entrees give the option of heat)" could only be made extremely spicy. I like spice so I gave them the green light. Delivery was FREE and fast. The FOOD:The Appetizer Sample Platter is out of this world. Pakoras (my first time trying these) were amazing, lamb spring roll, and vegetable samosas all very very good. The lamb vindaloo- SPICY! DELICIOUS! Onion & garlic naan bread was excellent and very fresh.If you like Indian food, make Seva your go-to.
Best Indian place I've been to in New York, and very reasonably priced. I don't say that lightly, I've had a fair amount of curry in my time. Their mulligatawny soup is like crack to me. I've considered snorting it.
Seva was my first experience with Indian food in the city since I moved here a year ago, and oh my gosh, have I been missing out. Seva was so delightful, it had me wanting to repeat dinner there the moment I got home. And it's quite affordable, a bonus every time.I'll start by saying I took my friend who is Indian here so she could help me judge the quality and help me know what to order, since I'm kind of a spice wimp. But I didn't need to fear the spice: Seva offers you the choice of mild, medium, or really spicy. We started off with the appetizer sampler so I could try a bit of everything. The vegetable samosa wasn't that good; it didn't have a lot of flavor and isn't something I'd order again. I wasn't a fan of the pakora either--too fried for my tastes. But the chicken samosa and lamb spring rolls were fantastic. The chicken samosa was full of flavor. The lamb spring roll was divine; the flavors were incredible. I have been fantasizing about the meat in the spring roll since I ate it. I could just eat a plate full of that meat and be completely happy. My friend approved of the same things I did.We each ordered a main dish, which we really didn't need to do since the portions are huge! I got lamb rogan josh, cooked mild, and she got aloo gobi matar, cooked medium. The lamb was amazing. It wasn't spicy, but it was packed with great flavors. The lamb was tender and perfect. It was just as good the next day when I ate my leftovers for lunch. I tried the aloo gobi matar, and it was good, just very spicy to me. But as I said, I'm a spice wimp. We also had garlic nan, and it was delicious, a great complement.The dessert is where the experience lost some of the magic. We ordered gulab jamun because it's my friend's favorite. She was so let down when we got it. We could tell it was pre-prepared and waiting in a cooler. She said when it's made traditionally, it's so much better. Even though I had nothing to compare it to, I have to say I didn't like it. It just tasted like syrup. Not very appealing.We loved the service and the atmosphere. They have great art on the walls, and the lighting is nice. The dishes they serve the food in are pretty. Our server was attentive and friendly, and we appreciated that they boxed everything for us. It seemed like all the servers worked as a great team, which was nice to see. And my friend was so happy to find they stocked the candy-coated fennel seeds (hope I got that right!) by the door. (I have to say, I'm not a fan of those. Strange flavors to me. Can't get used to it.)Seva does have a prix-fix menu, making them even more affordable. They also deliver. And glasses of wine average around $5-$6, which is wonderful for a wine drinker like me! Overall, Seva is a win in my book. Dine in; order delivery--just don't miss this fantastic food.
This is the best Indian food I have eaten in the NYC area.   All of the dishes I have eaten have been excellent, served very quickly by and extra nice and accommodating staff.  The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that they will not deliver to my house which is just one block outside of the delivery area.  So sad, I would be eating a lot more Indian if they did.
I'd rather go to Namaste one block away for lunch buffet.Beware, they will NOT accept the yelp 10% checkin discount offer, which is ridiculous because they put up that offer themselves.While the service was attentive, the food wasnt as good.Chicken dishes with DRY big chunks of white meat.No goat or beef dishes.Small stuffy atmosphere. No thanks
For the price and quality of food you receive, this is easily the best Indian restaurant in NYC. My staples are the saag paneer and chicken tikka masala, but everything I have tried here is delicious. For $12, you get an entree plus rice (usually enough for leftovers). Be sure order a side of the garlic naan, which is baked perfectly.
This is me and my wife's go to for our Indian food fix.  This place has some of the best you can get.  I love the lamb vindaloo, my stomach does not sometimes however due to the powerful heat. When I do not feel like calling the fire department, I usually keep things cooler with a medium heat chicken tikka masala.  So creamy and full of flavor. I use two nann breads to dip in it instead of having it over rice.  That's me I'm a dipper.The nann bread is not the best I have ever had but it is still quite good.  The masala crab cake starter is totally off the charts good with a nice kick to them.  The vegetable samosa I really did not care for much and the bok choy blossoms were good but very oily.Well anywho, great eats
We had another craving for Indian food and found ourselves back at Seva again! LOL! It is authentic and the service is great! And the ambiance as well!So I ordered pretty much the same thing I usually order at Indian restaurants...haha. I ordered the the mango lassi, vegetable samosas, naan bread, and chicken tikka masala. And he had the grilled tandoori chicken with dahl again! Everything was delicious! The naan bread was so soft and yummy. Samosas were pretty good, but I think I like them more from other Indian restaurants. The chicken tikka masala was soft and juicy and was great with the rice and naan bread! Mmmm...This is one of my favorite Indian spots! :)
My fiancé and I wrote a review for Seva via a Zagat survey about a year ago but its time that I Yelped too:) Seva is absolutely amazing! I've had Indian food in numerous parts of the world...so, I have a rather picky palate. Well, Seva is top notch and my absolute favorite Indian restaurant anywhere!! Seva has consistently created the most flavorful and tasty dishes for the past 3+ years that I've been going there. The service remains just as impressive as the first time. You definitely won't find a better tasting vegetable samosa, mulligatawny soup, lamb vindaloo, and chicken korma anywhere else! They've also got about a million (mild exaggeration:) naan breads to choose from. With so many fantastic choices on the menu, it'll be easy to find a favorite..or two..or three..
If you need your Indian food fix, this is the place in Astoria.Although seating can be cramped, they still pack them in. The veggie samosas are not only the largest I've ever had, but they're fried so lightly there's no dense shell to get through. The saag paneer is what is "it" on the menu for me. The spinach is super silky and flavorful, they don't skimp on the spicy here ( or any dish for that matter).A great place for dinner or, early enough, they have a great $10 all-you-can-eat lunch special.
A lot of Indian restaurants are grossly overpriced and portions are ridiculously tiny. Yeah call me a fat ass I don't care, but normally I have to order more than one entree or several appetizers to get full.Seva is unlike those Indian restaurants. $11 will get you a solid entree with a good amount of meat and some basmati that's seasoned with cumin seeds. I got the typical Chicken Tikka Masala and it was delicious. The naan was really good too, some other restaurants don't really have fresh naan.Seva gives you a taste into Indian cuisine at a great value. The service is excellent, and the host and wait staff are very friendly. Although the restaurant was packed our food arrived quick. I was tempted to get the pre-fixe meal. Check it out I hear it's a great deal.
Food is good, not so big portions. Service was basic. Small place, not good for groups. Don't order in, it tastes best fresh at the table! The chicken masala and the lamb vindaloo are great and the curry is also very good. The nan could be better.
Coconut naan is heaven on earth. The soups are great. The lunch specials kept me alive for an amazing price. Afternoon staff is as patient and welcoming as any I have met in most Indian establishments. 4.5 stars for the food and the extra .5 star is because of the coconut naan
Friends were in the mood for some Indian food so we were stuck between this place or Kebab king and I am glad we made it here. Staff is very attentive. Food was delicious. Their Prix fixe menu is very affordable and portions are pretty good as well. Naan is huge and tasty. Probably only negative is the size of the establishment. It gets packed pretty quick and therefore wait time may be long. But will definitely visit this place again.
Amazing weekend brunch, and great food every other time. Have lived in many major American cities and have a few favorite Indian places in each as go-tos, but this is one of my favorites.  Food is spot on every time! It is a tiny joint though, so you might hear some neighborly gossip.
My 200th review!I love Indian curry and it has been quite a journey to find an Indian restaurant serving great food for affordable dinner prices. Seva is a petite yet wonderful restaurant. It is best come with 2-4 people maximum. My boyfriend and I ordered from the dinner prefix menu ($13.50) which comes with an appetizer, curry, rice, and dessert.  For the appetizer, we ordered the chicken samosa and masala crab cakes. Even though the appetizer only comes with one piece, that one piece is decent in size and tasty. Both cooked to perfection and the dips/chutneys complimented the dish well with hints of spiciness, sweetness, and saltiness - distinctive flavors you can only taste with Indian cuisine. We then had the chicken tikka masala (medium heat) and lamb saag. The tikka masala was to die for (so creamy) and the lamb saag was earthy (a little slimy with a touch of rich lamb). I'm a meat girl but I'm dying to try the vegetarian dishes after trying the saag. We also ordered a side of nan to eat the curry and Taj Mahal and Kingfisher (so yes, they do serve alcohol). We finished up the meal with the desserts - gulab jamun (not my favorite - reminded me of a donut soaked in honey and spices) and the kheer (rice pudding). The portion is tiny which is good for me because I'm not a dessert person. Just enough to cleanse my palate.  I do wish they had rice with raisins or peas but that's just my personal preference. The staff was so friendly and attentive (we never had to ask for water refills). I love Seva and I can't wait to go back!
Great food but no dark meat (I love dark meat). Theyre somosas are to die for nomnomnom
Although I'm still a loyal fan to Jackson Diner in Jackson Heights, this place was small yet cozy.  Went on a weekend and it was pretty packed, but they'll take your name and number down and call you when your table is ready.  That way you can have a drink at the bar next door while you're waiting!  (big plus)We ordered our food and the lamb spring rolls came out fairly quick.  It was one of the best things we ate all night.  The rest of our food took a very long time to come out... but I believe it's because of the massive amount of take out orders leaving the restaurant and the packed restaurant.  The chicken tikka masala was flavorful, but they only use white meat... which shocked me because dark meat is so delicious.  The waiter screwed up one of the dishes we ordered.. but they apologized and took the mis-order off our bill... but even let us keep the dish we didn't order (we didn't really eat it, but it was nice of them to let us keep the dish since it was cooked already).  They even went the extra mile and the manager came over with three mango lassi drinks and apologized again for the mistake.  We tipped them extra because of the professional way they handled the mistake.
My family loves to order from this place simply because they serve up tasty authentic Indian cuisine. The moment you open the bag, your home is filled with wonderful curry aromas...it honestly smells like heaven.  Have never been to the restaurant itself, but I hope to try a dine-in experience someday so this review will be updated when I do :)
This is my favorite! Only thing I would change is the location. It is far form me, and the parking stinks. (However, It's located in Astoria.. that comes with the territory.) For this food, I AM will to RELOCATE. I fell in love with Indian food after trying it here. I drive here from Long Island pretty often. We usually order lamb spring rolls, the chicken kabobs appetizer and the chicken tikka masala with naan. Unbelievable. Food is very filling and hearty.. so I usually save it for left overs.. By the time I get home I am craving it again and usually  finish it an hour later :P The service is impeccable. Everyone is super nice and polite. Great ambiance. LOVE LOVE LOVE SEVA!
I've been searching Manhattan for fantastic Indian for the past few years, and then stumbled upon Seva when referred by a friend visiting from out of town. I've lived in Astoria for a year and never made my way in. Now my girlfriend and I are there every other week. The service and ambience is great. Quiet and quaint. The music isn't distracting but enhances the experience. I always get the Prix Fix option which is moderately priced, if not under. The chicken tikka masala is so flavorful, with or without spice. Beware, the spice has nice kick if you're not used to it. So delicious, easily my favorite Indian food in New York!
I love their pre-fixe menu, so much food for only $7.50 for lunch and dinner I think is $13.50? And their food is on par with other Indian restaurants I have been to, nothing too amazing but since very tasty and delicious. But because it's affordable and around the corner from my apartment, this is one of the go to Indian places. The place is nicely decorated with interesting fixtures but it truly looks like an Indian restaurant with the dark wood and brightly colored accents. It is a small place but makes for a cute quiet dinner, nice for a date ;) Every time I take someone here, they comment about wanting to take the bowls and glasses, so I guess The service is great! I haven't seen a female waitress yet, so I kinda wonder.... yes I'm in HR, makes me wonder about their hiring practices. With that aside the waiters are all very nice, and quick in bussing tables, especially since there's always food coming to your little table. My roommate was oogling one, so they are nice to look at lolI won't say leave the city just to come here but if you're in Astoria and want Indian, come here. You won't be disappointed.
Had the lunch buffet here. There isn't much room in the restaurant but the food was very good northern Indian (typical for Indian buffets).all the dishes I had were good but not spicy enough clearly tailored for the American pallet. If that's what you ate looking for, this is the place.
Their pre-fix dinner is an incredible deal.  I had the butternut squash soup and it was the best I have ever eaten.  Very thick and rich and full of spices.  Great for naan dipping.  I had the fennel curry Chicken as the entree and it was outstanding.  I make an Indian curry and will definitely include fennel the next time I make it.  I also tasted the veggie samosa which was also out of this world delicious.  I had to ask for extra cilantro green sauce for my naan and even added it in my curry - it was THAT good.  All for $14.95 plus the cost of the naan?  Plus they have Maharaja beer!  It was a fabulous meal and I wish I lived closer - I would eat here ALL the time!  (next time I will try the all you can eat buffet for $10!).
Simple, affordable, authentic Indian cuisine.I've been a few times now and I'm hooked - probably going this evening.Chicken Tikki Masala and Lamb Saag are two favorites.  The Naam bread is delicious.  The rice wonderful.The cups you drink water from and the bowls with your food are unique and authentic.Bottom line is this place is outstanding and provides not only great food and portions but a tremendous value for your money.Hope you like it as much as I do
Whether you get their delivery or go to the restaurant, this place rocks! Love to get their Chicken Tikka Masala when I'm carnivorous and ANY of the vegetarian dishes when I'm vegan for the day. I love there rice, and if I could suggest, get the Rasmalai dessert! It is so good. Haven't found any other place that does it the same! The portions are so big you can split an entree with a friend and share an appetizer (Bok Choy Blossoms!). Or, order to go and have two meals in one. Great place. So happy I live so close to it!Also, the service in the restaurant is great. My water glass was never below half full. Good work, Seva!
Best deal in the neighborhood! I love everything on the menu especially the lamb spring rolls!
I'm Indian and I love my mom's cooking so I'm VERY picky when it comes to Indian restaurants. But Seva is amazing!!! Not too greasy like some of the cheapo buffets. Run don't walk!
I live in the ditmars area, and having good indian around here is impossible, Prince indian grill being a flucken nightmare.  I decided to give this place a try because the reviews seemed too good to be true.  Well let me tell you, a previous review stating "manhattan quality at queens prices" is an understatement.  It is more like Maharaja quality at the Taj Mahal in the ancient land that once was... The food was AMAZING!  I love spicy, so saying spicy is not "oh he's a white boy, lets really make it medium he cant handle it."  It was great heat, and not overpowering the authentic flavors.  I HAD TO CALL BACK AND GIVE MY COMPLIMENTS TO THE CHEF!  I hope that says enough, and I never do that!  P.S. Recession buster!  The portion they give for their 7.50 lunch special is enough to feed you lunch and save the other half for dinner.  Where else can you get such high quality food, that portion, and at that price?  It's soup, rice and main entree for like 3.75 per meal !!! (when you split the portion in half).
Butternut Squash Soup was a delicious starter, followed by Navratan Korma which was mixed vegetables in almond-cashew and  coconut sauce served with rice.  Everything was delicious. Be sure to try the coconut naan.
I was initially excited when I saw the elaborate online ordering interface on Seva's website. In fact, it was one of the most comprehensive online ordering interfaces I'd ever seen. However, on the site it tells you the "earliest expected time of delivery," which only set my expectations too high; it ended up taking over an hour to get our food. Second, I ordered a vegetarian dish, and I definitely got lamb. Lucky for me, I'm not a vegetarian. I had also ordered "mild," one of three options on the online interface. However, there was one bite of my lamb that was so spicy that my eyes watered.Thus, I am consequently not totally wedded to Seva, and I feel no shame in trying a different place next time.
Good Indian food. Ordered the lunch special several times and had dinner at the restaurant once and it has consistently been good.
This is my favorite Indian place in all of NYC. The food is amazing, the service is friendly, and the portions for takeout are massive. Never had the buffet lunch but I've heard good things about it. The place is small so you should definitely make a reservation on a Friday or Saturday night.
Best Indian Food in AstoriaThe Food: I've eaten here many many times and the food has always been great. The chicken tikka masala is always a crowd pleaser, and theres enough of a selection to please almost anyone without having a long list of dishes that all taste the same. The food is generally on the spicy side, so beware of what spice level you order, but regardless of whether you order mild, medium or spicy, it's always tasty.Price: Great value for money. The fixed price menu gives you an appetizer, entree and dessert for $14. I don't know of a better deal in Astoria.Service: Never had a problem. Its a small place and they are definitely well staffed. My glass of water never empties and food comes out on time.Other comments: The weekend lunch buffet is amazing. It's great value at $10 and there's always a variety of tasty dishes. It's one of our favorite places to eat on weekends.
Best Indian food in the area! I normally order Chicken Tikka Masala using the 'Seamless' app and it's always great! Some of the other places in the area taste like chicken marinated in tomato soup, but Seva really puts more care in their food and it tastes way more authentic and delicious. When choosing your spice level just know it gets quite spicy between mild and medium.
Have been coming here for years and both the quality of the food as well as the service have been consistently great! Definitely a place worth checking out! The staff is always super nice and friendly!
Hard to critic. The food, as a stand alone is wholesome, good and very Indian.Unfortunately my experiences with Indian cusine are limited so I can not compare it to other Indian restaurants. Atmosphere                70     Small side street eatery with uncomfortable seatingService                         75     OkayFood                             75     Tasty and well preparedValue                            80      Neighborhood restaurant with moderate pricesIf you are in Astoria, hungray and are interested in Indian cuisine try it. Otherwise there are much more comfortable and interesting restaurants in the area.
Seva is my go-to delivery place in Astoria.  It's cheap, delicious, and offers extremely fast service. I've had a few dishes, but I usually order the Chicken Tikka Masala because it is SO good. It's probably the best masala I've ever had-- creamy, thick, and it has an amazing kick! You can't beat the price fix here-- appetizer, entree and dessert for $14? Amazing. The mango lassi is very good as desserts go too! They have a great lunch special also!
Love Seva.. The staff is attentive the food is great. Love the weekend buffet. Great way to start off a busy day during the weekend.
Quite possibly the best Indian food I have had in all of NYC (even Manhattan).  It can get a little busy and crammed in there, but the food makes it worth it.  And they deliver.  Bam.Everything I have had there has been awesome.  But if you can't handle the spicy be warned, this isn't mexican salsa spicy or some tabasco on your eggs spicy - this is make you scalp sweat spicy.
I really like this place. It is my absolute go-to Indian spot so far. I have been here three times and each time the staff is so attentive that you definitely feel like they truly care about their customers. At times it almost becomes funny because they are that attentive. Lets just say, your cup will never be without water. The food here is really good especially the chicken tikka masala and the chicken samosa; they are on point. Oh, and the garlic naan. Yum. Chicken vindaloo (spicy!) and chicken korma are pretty good as well. Meat can be slightly dry at times, but that doesn't bother me much. I'm not too crazy about the lamb spring roll though as I feel it was a little too gamey for my taste. I have never been a fan of Indian desserts but they have no problem substituting the dessert in the prix fixe menu for a drink instead. I really want to try other things on the menu but unfortunately I am a creature of habit. The buffet sounds like a great deal and I hope to try it one day. Only thing really negative is that I just wish they delivered to my neighborhood!! :(
Amazing AMAZING AMAZING Indian food! I have a great meal each every time I have come here for lunch or dinner. The decor is very simple and clean. The music is always awesome and relaxing. They have great appetizers like delicious vegetable samosas and masala crab cakes. My favorite dish is the chicken tikka masala. If you love spicy food you will ADORE this place because they modify the heat to your liking!
My boyfriend and I eat at Seva at least once every two weeks. This first time I tried Indian food was here! I absolutely love this environment and the ethnic feel. The manager is also extremely nice and the waitstaff is always on top of everything. When your water is down by two sips its refilled. The nan bread is always fresh and the butternut squash soup is to die for! The chicken curry and Matika chicken is also incredible and so rich in flavor! I recommend this place to all especially if you want a great restaurant experience!
So so so delicious. I love this place. I took a bunch of Brits here last weekend. They take their Indian very seriously and all of them said its the best Indian they've had in NYC. Definitely recommend.
I've only ever ordered delivery from Seva, but I've never had a bad meal.  Their chicken tikka masala is especially crave-worthy.  Always a good option for consistently good take-out!
Ya, I'm not sure why it's taken me so long to write a review for Seva. This place is just so good! Before moving to Astoria, my wife and I used to only go to our old favorite Indian place - Raj Majal -on 6th street in Manhattan. Raj is good, but Seva blows it completely out of the water!Everything is top notch. Food is amazing, service is amazing, prices are amazing. Everyone's always so nice and accommodating here. We've never had a bad experience after countless visits. Do yourself a favor and go here. Be sure to try the chicken (or lamb) Korma with the coconut naan. So good!!! You can thank me later :)
I'm obsessed with this place. Everything is amazing and the staff is wonderful. Twice I was comped appetizers or dessert because I had to wait a little longer than normal. And all the food is amazingly delicious. One of the best Indian places in NY.
I think other restaurants should send their staff here to learn about true customer service. The staff of Seva are warm, welcoming, and very accommodating.  I probably had about 7 water refills and I was just sipping at it.  The food here is wonderful and the establishment is very cozy.  I will definitely come here again!
Everyone told me to try Seva....wish I hadn't. My chana masala tasted like nothing. Bland, greasy, absolutely flavorless!  Whatever my boyfriend had was terrible, too. Try Namaste, it's way better!
Seva is one of the best restaurants in the area, both in terms of quality and value. I usually get the chicken tikka masala, which is always great no matter how you get it. The vindaloo is extremely spicy. I also recommend the saag paneer. The great thing is how much food you get from Seva for relatively little money. A single order is easily two meals.
I recommend showing up on time as this restaurant is small and busy on a Saturday night.  The atmosphere is cozy and the exposed brick walls adorned with bright Indian photographs and colorful lanterns hanging from the ceiling pairs well with the fun upbeat music and fantastic service.  The staff is more than attentive, re-filling your water after you have taken even two sips.The food is delicious and although I don't have much Indian food to compare it to, I will be back.  My date and I opted for the prix fixe menu.  We started with the Chicken Samosa and Vegetable Samosa as our appetizer and both were good but we preferred the chicken because it had more vibrant flavors.  For our entree we got the Chicken Saag and Chana Masala - both medium.  Medium was spicy enough for both and we preferred the Chana Masala.  Even though it was vegetarian the flavor and spiciness was amazing and who doesn't love chickpeas?  We also got Garlic Naan which was amazing and if we hadn't eaten so much of the complimentary chips, we would have ordered more.For dessert we had the Kheer (rice pudding) and Gulab Jamun (Dumplings, much like donut holes).  They were good but at this point we were too full to really enjoy them.  All in all, $13.50 is a steal for a three course meal with large portions and bold flavors, not to mention impeccable service.  Next time I'm craving Indian I will definitely come here.
Seva is such an amazing restaurant. The ambiance. The staff along with all the other little intricacies that make a good restaurant great. Put all this together and top the experience with perfectly seasoned, authentic taste of fantastic Indian cuisine. Definitely give this place a try and you will come back again and again.
This place never disappoints. My husband and I come here whenever we get a date night. Service is great, food is great, we have never had a bad experience.
This was a strong 3.5 maybe even a 3.75. Another Yelper says "this is the best Indian food in Astoria but that is not saying much." Well let me tell  you something after 11 years of a BEY-OND dismal Indian Cuisine scenario in Park Slope anything a step above horrible seems to do the job.We opted to get 2 of the Delivery Special-I had Vegetable Samosas, Chaana Saag and Mango Lassi for $12. I don't remember what my co-hort had. The Delivery time was pretty fast and I found the vittles to be quite tasty.Would have to dine in for a definitive opinion.
I've visited this restaurant before on an incredibly busy night of theirs and the wait staff was incredibly kind and being very accommodating by trying to ensure they will have room for my friend and I.... but we decided to decline and east elsewhere. This first impression made me incredibly open to coming to the restaurant - especially after another friend recommending that I eat here. So based on this, my expectations today when entering this restaurant was that they not only had good service but also good food.My Saturday lunch buffet visit: (mint, tamarind, & mango) chutney, naan, basmati rice, chicken samosas, Chana saag, aloo gobi matar, baigan bhartha, chicken tikka masala, chicken vindaloo, and Kheer for dessert. I got my 3 course meal for $10. What a bargain. Also drank the mango lassi (add $3.50). The service was as expected - excellent. I would come here the next time I have a craving for Indian food to try other entrees from their kitchen. They have lunch specials for $7.50 :)
Apparently 1.1 miles away is too far for Seva to be willing to deliver food, as we're 3 blocks out of their delivery zone.This would have been useful information when a Seva employee slipped a menu under our door.  We reasonably interpreted the distribution of delivery menus within our building as an indication that Seva actually, you know, delivers to our building.  Is it really that much more difficult to service Vernon Blvd if you're willing to make it to 21st St anyway?
Excellent Indian restaurant. We had lamb spring rolls, vegetable samosa, lamb korma, and chicken fennel curry. Everything was served promptly, all of it was delicious and the sauces were fabulous
Seva.....think it's so cleva'...and it is.pre fixe meal was so unexpectedly cheap and delish. The flavors were so fresh and powerful, spicy heaven. My indian joint from this day fwd, i pledge allegiance to Seva.I am sorry I walked past by you so many times.....sweet afton and their burgers got in the way but now I'm secretly more in love with your badass cuisine...mmm sweet seva.And these waiters...they wait and they serve well. doing it doing it doing it welllllllllllll. you will never go thirsty here.......manhattan can steal some of seva's mannerisms.Appetizer: Chicken or Vegetable SAMOSAEntree: Fennel Chicken Curry (Medium) (Spicy)Dessert: Not soo good but HelloooooooooooooooooAppetizer and Entree. I love you soNan: GARLIC or ONION...mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Top quality Indian food. Friendly and considerate waitstaff. Lunch Buffet is a highlight. Well worth your money.
The food here is extremely good, definitely the best Indian food in Astoria...at least out of the 4 I have tried :)The only reason I gave this place a 4 is because it takes extremely long.  Whether you are picking up or having it delivered, you typically wait between 40 mins to over a hour.  I dined in once and the food took about 35 mins, so if you are hungry this is not the place to go.
I am so happy this place is in Astoria..  I was going to Jackson heights all the time for good Indian.  This place is super fantastic.  The service is great too.  I recommend going for the buffet on the weekends for lunch to check it out....  Its small but the selection is fresh and delicious.
Great menu, great food, great service, reasonable prices. Definitely a new favorite when it comes to Indian food in Astoria!
I've eaten here twice and was impressed both times.The second and more recent time, we got takeout. I had the mulligatawny soup which I had never had before - very tasty but very salty. I also had the vegetable korma which was so delicious that I could marry it. I love the rice even though it's just rice. My favorite thing of all from Seva is the pappadum........I love this stuff. It's like crack, you just get addicted to it.Go here because it's good.
This place is really good great food excellent wait staff and they were playing some Indian drum n bass
Best Indian food in Astoria. They have a weekday lunch special and a weekend buffet. Chicken Tika Masala is ok, I have had better. Fairly priced. Still very good for what is available in Astoria.
Living in Astoria, there are quite a few Indian restaurants to choose from, but only one where you are NEVER let down.  I've been going to SEVA since it opened a few years ago. With a special which gives you an app, entree, and dessert for $13.50 - you cannot go wrong. I would absolutely suggest the butternut squash soup - its the best I've had in my entire life!Great service, food, and price - we don't go anywhere else for Indian :). Go now!
Any friends who are visiting from out of town are forced to dine here- mainly for my benefit. The chana masala and the chicken tandoori are my go tos!
Its very good Indian food, I was very impressed by Seva's quality.Its also lot better than some of the Indian places in Jackson Heights. I ordered dinner.The Saag Paneer was very delicious. Navaratan Kurma was very good too but little too sweet. Also tried the Malai Kofta it was yummy as well.Only reason I am giving 4 start is the food is not spicy I ordered Malai Kofta and Saag Paneer as medium on the spicy scale but I should say its very mild.
Love the prix fixe menu. I usually get the samosa for an app. Saag paneer is really tasty. You leave seva feeling very full but no guilt if you're watching expenses. Appreciate how reasonably priced it is.
Seva is the best Indian restaurant in Astoria by far.  We have dined in and ordered take out - portions are large and service is good. The chicken tikka masala or chicken saag are excellent! However, I found the lamb spring roll to be too greasy.
Damn good Indian food.  Much better than the place around the corner from it.  Even better, the place just keeps improving.  I ate here a couple years back, and was sort of underwhelmed, it was fine but not great.  Then recently i ordered delivery..and MAN! this is now probably my second favorite indian food in NYC (next to Curry Leaf in Manhattan).  I'm so glad this place is in my neighborhood. oh the paratha is awesome.
Love Seva! $13.50 Delivery special for appetizer, entree and dessert. Can't go wrong with that!Most of the appetizers are crazy spicy (for me at least) but more of a peppery spice than a chili spice.I usually order the lamb spring roll, lamb korma (cashew curry sauce) and kheer (rice pudding) with a couple of naan (I can go overboard with the naan because 1. it's so good and 2. there's so much leftover curry that the naan just screams "dip me in that curry sauce!") Garlic, cheese, coconut, rosemary, all gooood.I've yet to eat here mainly because parking around 30th Avenue can be retarded but it's close enough where I can walk (19 blocks for me).
Come here for the $10 AYCE Brunch Buffet! It's delicious, affordable, and the service is attentive.I've been to a couple Indian restaurants in the area, and Seva is as good as it gets. The portions are great! I eat a lot, so it's rare that I ever have any leftovers. But this is one of the few places where I'll have something to bring home for the next day.Bonus points for not holding back on the spice. When you ask for spicy, you get it! I remember my nose was dripping and I was starting sweat from all the spice.. it wasn't pretty, but it was so, so worth it
The people who own this place are so incredibly kind. It's great Indian with excellent lunch & dinner deals! Oh, they deliver too!
Best Indian food in town.  Always taste fresh and delivery is usually fast.  Love the chicken korma!    Only eaten there once many years ago.  We order delivery at least once a month.
After a few cocktails at Sweet Afton nearby, I was all set to make the inevitable trip to El Rey Del Taco, but my gf, though not usually zealous about  Indian food, suggested we try Seva.  When I walked in, the small dining room was packed, but they were happy to use the bar next door as their waiting area, taking my cell number and calling me after we'd had one more cocktail, even giving me a 5 min. lead time to settle up and head over.  We tried an assortment of breads, all executed perfectly and traditionally.  The portions were a bit on the small side, but were so rich and flavorful that they went surprisingly far once the rice was introduced.  The apricot chicken was especially spectacular.  What minimal complaints I had were easily overcome by the knowledgeable, assiduous, and flexible service.
Seva is the place to go to for Indian food in Astoria.  I have been here on several occasions as well as have ordered take out and they are consistently good.  The food tastes like it was really made with love... I've had everything from the chicken tikka masala, chicken korma, channa saag, baigan bartha for entrees and they never disappoint..for appetizers the butternut squash soup is great as are the chicken samosas.. Don't care to much for the vegetable samosa (too much potato)..for dessert the Keer is always on point...The only thing I wish they would change is when you call to order take out they should have a system of sorts that has your address info programmed when you give your phone number... My girlfriend and I order often so that would be a plus...Go there! They won't disappoint!
I braved the NYC Heatwave of July 2011 to visit my brother in Astoria. We decided to try Seva and I showed off by ordering Chicken Vindaloo.  I've always wanted to try it, but have always been scared away by waiters who caution me that it's "very" hot.  My usual smug retort is that I'm African and that I was raised on pepper.  Then I nonchalantly order Chicken Tikka Masala, or something similar. This time I went all in.We both did the prix fixe menu. For about $14 you get an appetizer, entree, and dessert.  I had the lamb spring rolls as my appetizer. AMAZINGLY good and spicy.  For dessert I chose the donuts in honey. Too sweet and for me to say that (I'm s a notorious dessert fanatic) it's definitely too sweet.As for the Vindaloo...yep, all those cautionary waiters weren't lying. That ish is hot and it's a heat that I've never experienced before! It slowly creeps up on you.  It was very flavorful, but I couldn't finish my meal.  The good thing was I sweat enough to help cool me off when we left and ventured out in the 90+ wall of heat.
SPICY AS HELL but good! i love their vindaloo and for the LUNCH PRICE why skip this little hidden gem?!The waiters are VERY FRIENDLY. They brought out some crispy bread with 2 differently sauce. One was mango chutney and the other one was green (forgot) but the waiters explained to us how to eat it. Ordered mango lassi to accompany with our chicken and lamb vindaloo everything was so good that we had to order our second glass. The waiter warned us that the vindaloo is spicy even if it was medium but we went ahead ordering spicy and we were sweating all the way down our buttocks! Everything was good except the fact that they serve water in these metal cups. It gave a metal after taste.
Nothing beats Indian on a hot 115 degree day. You wanna sweat, and indeed you will.Sis and I ordered from the pre fixe menu. For around $14, you get an appetizer, entree, and dessert. My sis ordered the crab cake, lamb vindaloo, and the kheer. The crab cake was ok; a little sweet and spicy, but nothing too spectacular. Reminded me of moist breadcrumbs. The vindaloo was pretty good. You get the red pepper flavor, and it was not too spicy. The kheer (rice pudding) was ok, but a little too sweet. I ordered the lamb spring roll, chicken tikka masala, and the Gulab Jamun. The lamb spring roll was delicious. Spicy, and full of spices. The masala was also mouth watering. It had a great flavor, and was a little on the spicy side, which I dug. My masala was spicier than the vindaloo. The gulab was not good at all. It's fried dough ball soaked in this sickeningly sweet syrup. The vindaloo and masala were beautiful in color. The vindaloo was a bright red, whereas the masala was a deep toned orange. I was sure that my poop would be orange the next day, but thankfully it was not.Overall, my experience here was great. Sure it needed more a/c since both my sis and I were sweating while eating, but it's got great atmosphere. The service was awesome and our waiter was cool. He asked if we were twins! I said no and told him to guess which one of us was older. First time I was ever this friendly with a waiter!! Either I'm getting over my shyness or the place was just that great and inviting. I will definitely come back here if I crave some Indian. We even had a ton of leftovers to take home. Double win!
I get Seva delivery regularly (once a week), and it's a great, cheap, healthy Astoria option. Eating in the restaurant itself is also nice - the serving dishes are pretty, and the service is friendly.The best tandoori I've ever had (perfectly spicy), great naan options (try the rosemary), and a ton of vegetarian choices.
Perhaps, Seva provides speedy delivery service, but it is to the detriment of those who are actually in their restaurant.  We sat there FOREVER waiting for our entrees. Then, we had to remind our server to bring out our desserts just so we would be able to leave.  They were incredibly nice and refilled our water glasses a million times, but unfortunately it doesn't make up for the incredibly slow service. I saw them packing a huge amount of food to go, which says to me that they put a higher priority on their to go orders than their in house orders. Eating there has the potential to be a really great experience, but it is really ruined by having to wait so long. Sometimes, you just want your food!(The food is delicious though. Best Indian food I've ever had.)
Use to be the best Indian food in Astoria, but last time I went.... is really going to be the last time. The food quality has gone downhill, their portions have gotten smaller and they NEED to get rid of the plastic water pitcher that use to be clear and now is black around the handle from dirt. The delivery use to be great with amazing portions, that went downhill as well.
Best Indian food in Astoria, and better than most I've tried in Manhattan.  The vegetarian dishes are wonderful, and the green cilantro sauce served with papadum is truly divine.  The place has good energy, it's great for a date or for taking Mom to dinner.  Ordered in from here a couple times and service and food were excellent.  Good value, great food, nice people.
This is perhaps the best Indian restaurant in Astoria.  I've been here numerous of times, good food, good price, good service, what more can you ask for.
This place is always a go to spot.  Fresh food and great flavors.  The vegetable samosa  is always tasty and fulfilling.  The butternut squash soup is very tasty. The aloo gobi matar is one of my favorite vegan dishes. Garlic naan is warm, burnt just right and garlicky!!  Service is a little slow on water but hey they are busy so I'll forgive that.
Best Indian food I've ever had.  Usually do the dinner delivery special and it's definitely two meals even for a grown man.
Seva is simply Indian food perfection. Eat in or take out, the meal is absolutely delicious, generously portioned and quickly served. I always order vegetable Samosas, chicken saag and garlic naan, all some of the best versions of these dishes I've eaten. The naan especially, as it is so light, fluffy and dotted with the just the perfect amount of garlic!Perhaps the most attractive feature at Seva is the distinct notes on the menu that highlight vegan items. And they are many, many choices, including Samosas and a butternut squash soup. Though they offer prices that are extremely affordable regularly, be sure to check out their $13 delivery special!
So, a brief update.  The last time I had seva I accidentally got the veggie tikka masala I noticed that the sauce was a bit more bland; more tomato soup and french onion than spicy and fragrant with herbs and spices.  I thought it was maybe just the veggie vs the chicken.  However, I got the chicken tika again last night and noted that it was the same bland sauce!  How sad! Not sure if their is a new chef or they are cutting back on cost of spices, but won't order it again.  I will try something else on the menu I suppose.
Great dinner special. I loved everything.I'm so glad they deliver.Get the samosa or anything vegetarian.
Everything about this place is amazing!The brunch buffet has all the dishes that we order (chicken tikka misala, samosas, nan, korma, kheer for desert, and more) for only $10!!Also, their takeout special of an appetizer, entrée, and desert or soda for $13 is amazing. And the entrée size is the same serving portion as when you ordered the dish separately.Not only are the prices great, but the quality of their food is unmatched by any Indian food in the city. Perfectly blended flavors that are so smooth they melt in your mouth like creamy butter.I highly recommend Seva for fast delivery or dining in with a very attentive and friendly staff.Try the Lamb spring rolls, garlic nan, lamb korma, chicken tikka masala and kheer!
This is hands down the best Indian food in NYC. Start off with the lamb spring rolls- they are heavenly with a little bit of spice. Next up: Josh Lamb Rogan- my favorite dish on the menu.  Even friends who aren't big Indian food lovers lend up falling in love here!
Great food, lamb spring rolls are so tasty, prices are good, but space itself is tiny, overall good experience both times I went & staff is friendly
Seva is absolutely wonderful. The atmosphere is cozy and inviting, the food is delicious, and the service is EXCELLENT. I have never had a bad experience here - The staff is so friendly and welcoming!Favorite orders include the Pakora, Chicken Tikka Masala, and the Mango lassi. It's VERY apparent that Seva values its customers. Five well-deserved stars :)
This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants ever.  The quality of service is consistently amazing, and the food is even better. The owner is also very friendly and accommodating, as are the rest of the staff, and the restaurant has a great ambience. A perfect place for a date at a very reasonable price.  Seva really knows how to do it right.
Great delivery. Fresh, tasty food. Prix fixe can't be beaten. Watch out for spice though - it's there. My first visit to Seva was the night before I had to go to a funeral. Wasn't pretty. Prices are reasonable and it's a great local find. Green chili chicken is my fave. Vindaloo might tie for a second.
They have a great pre-fixe menu. Their Tiki Masala is delicious. It's not the best I've ever had but I can imagine people saying it's the best. Their butternut squash soup is delicious. It's a small restaurant and can get a little overcrowded but that doesn't take away from the overall atmosphere of the place. The staff is very warm and accommodating. Their naan bread is great. I especially like the onion one. The regular one is alright, again, not the best I've ever had but it's still pretty good.It's a great place to go to. Definitely the best one in Astoria.
Thank you seva!I have lived in AQ for almost ten years and never been happy with our local Indian food . . . . . .NOW i am ! Small cozy place with your typical Indian cuisine.  Wine and beer only .  Take outhighlights:Nan --  whole bunch of different flavors . . .rosemary, garlic, etc.Lamb appetizer OMG  ( and i thought i wasn't a fan of Lamb)the mango lassi going to go back and try everythingps great prices
wow.  i am in love with Seva.  My boyfriend and I ate here on a saturday night and ordered off their price fixe menu, (what?!?) shockingly priced at $13.50 for 3 courses.  i had the butternut squash soup, chana saag and honey dumplings for dessert.  i can't even describe how deliciously spiced everything was, with the right amount of heat (i ordered it medium and it was fine for me).  not to mention the presentation and decor is very nice as well.  my bf had the crab cakes, lamb rogan josh (was $1 extra) and rice pudding.  everything was positively delicious and we took home left overs that were somehow even more delicious the next day! "honey, we just found our new favorite restaurant"
I could have easily given it a 5-star (the food tastes so good) if they used better quality oil. I guess they use hydrogenated fat - I generally discard the rice that comes with their food because I find it undercooked, fried and hard, but this time I thought I would boil the rice a bit so it's softer but would still be flavored rice. I first ran cold water through it to wash away the grease and a thick layer of white fat stuck to my hands that was difficult to rinse away. Dreading to think what that can do to your arteries! I just wish I never discovered that because I do love their food. Can you guys use better oil please so that I can keep eating the good stuff?
I can not believe I have never tried this place...very good...maybe even the best Indian food I have ever had. I ordered garlic naan...yummy , lentil soup was very good ( but little too spicy for me), vegetable croquettes in a coconut sauce were delicious. I will be back!!! Also thank you for a caring service.
Seva is clean and comfortable with very welcoming waitstaff as soon as you walk through their doors. We started off with the Bok Choy Blossoms which were light and crispy and dipped in cooling raita. The main course dishes have generous portions. We tried the Chicken Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer with naan and rice. I had a cold Kingfisher beer and my wife had iced chai tea which was light and clean with no need for added sweetener. The bill was just under $40 -- a great deal. If you're in the area and craving quality Indian food, give Seva a try.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!! My boyfriend and I tried this place after some random girl on the train was eavesdropping on my convo and recommended it. The Sag Paneer and Chicken Tikka Masala were delicious, the Mango Lassi is orgasmic and the customer service is stellar!We ordered the delivery special which is an appetizer, entree and dessert for $13.50, as well as the App Sampler. When they delivered, they forgot to include our sampler. So I called to complain (it was pretty late around 10pm) and whoever I spoke to was kind and said he would send it over right away. When we finally received our food, we had our order of the sampler PLUS an extra one on the house with a note of apology from the restaurant. How many places do that?!In any case they've one my heart and stomach!
Great food and excellent service! Our server was a sweetheart and was genuine every time he came to check on us. The food was great and had a reasonable price which matched its portions.I would come back next time I'm in Astoria.
Seva is possibly my favorite Indian restaurant in the 5 boroughs. No other Indian restaurant even holds a candle to this place. The restaurant inside is small and dimly lit, but the atmosphere is great. The servers here are very polite and very attentive even when busy. Recommendations: Chicken Korma, Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Vindaloo, Aloo Gobi Matar and the Baigan Bhartha.When you order spicy here, it is very spicy and I love it. I went to a few places in the West Village where I ordered spicy and got mild or bland. Compared to those places, Seva definitely has more flavor and spice in their food (how Indian food should be).
This place is a MUST! All of our dish were delicious, and the price can't be beat. I came here after reading all the yelp reviews about this place, and everything was true. Kind wait staff, great food, and prices were awesome. Can't wait to come back again!
Hands down the best Indian food in NYC.... Haven't tried the placs in Junction/Woodside/etc (oops! soon) but I've eaten both high indian cuisine and low indian cuisine all over the city and Seva is by far the best and the most consistent. Some have complained about dishes not being spicy but I think it's their way of not getting sued. My friends and I had a conversation with the waiter and they said the spice "will make you cry.". My brave friend--a girl who drinks szechuan peppercorn broth---ordered the spicy dish (a bit lowered than what she normally orders) and could not finish her dish, a first for her. For me, what many indian restaurants lack is the depth of flavor and the equilibrium and complexity of all the subtle and robust flavors. Seva hits this every time. All their vegetarian dishes are fantastic, esp. the chana masala and their coconut naan is the bomb! a great mix of savory and sweet (way better than the garlic people!) And yes, the veggie samosa is to die for. If you want to try something sweet, creamy, stick to your ribs, the lamb korma is AMAZING-- everyone needs to try this. Never go during dinner time, it's best to smoke a few with your friends and wait til the munchies hit to go to Seva around 9-11pm.
I really like Seva, I've found that when you have a solid Indian restaurant, why bother looking for better? The food is good, the ambiance is nice, and the prices are extremely reasonable. On my third trip there I decided I wanted to try something a bit different, so after the vegetable samosas I ordered the tandoor chicken tikka (differentiating from its common chicken tikka masala counterpart in that it has no sauce on it, and is grilled chicken).  When I ordered the waiter asked me three times if I was sure that I wanted this one and not the chicken tikka masala - causing me to second guess my decision so I asked him, "well is it good?" and his answer was simply "it's the best thing we have on the menu." I haven't had everything on their menu yet, but BOY was it better than anything else I've had there - or anywhere for that matter. SUPERB.  The chicken was perfectly cooked, well spiced, the yogurt sauce (on the side) was sweet and tangy just how you want it to be.  I will definitely be going back, and ordering the tandoor chicken tikka. Thumbs up.
The Restaurant:I was in the area and my friend wanted Indian food, so we found Seva on Yelp.  We didn't want a hole in the wall, nor a really fancy place, and this definitely fits somewhere in the middle.  Based on my estimate the restaurant could probably fit about 40 people, so its a relatively small and intimate venue.  The decor is minimalist in nature, but tasteful.  One of my reservations with someone Indian restaurants is the strong smell of curry, and the smell that sometimes that lingers on your clothes.  The smell of the restaurant wasn't to overpowering and made me very hungry the moment I walked in, and it could be the fact that the kitchen of the restaurant seems to be in the basement.  When the restaurant is full, there is no room to sit or stand and wait, so you will most likely be waiting outdoors.  When we went on Friday evening, there was a 15-20 minute wait.   They took our number and called us when our reservation was ready, so that is perfect if you want to visit a local bar or wait somewhere warm during the colder months of the year.  The Food:I have to say that the food was amazing.  We went for dinner and ordered the lamb roll and crab cake appetizer.  The lamb roll was very good, but they place it on a bed of mint chutney and some other white sauce.  I would ask them to bring the lamb roll out independent of the sauces, because the mint chutney is very strong and sometimes overpowers the taste of the lamb, and the bottom of the crispy fried roll tends to get a little soggy when sitting in the sauce for too long.  I personally didn't have the crab cake but I heard it was very good and it was plated in the same manner on top of the sauces.  We then ordered the saag paneer with two dinner prix fixe entrees.  I ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh and my friend ordered the Chicken Korma.  Both meat curries were absolutely amazing.  My Lamb dish was a bit on the saltier side, which is why I would probably rate the restaurant a 4.5 if I could.  There are times that Indian food can be buried in spices and be extremely oily. There was none of that with the food we ordered, everything was perfectly balanced for the most part.  The bowls that held the curries seemed small from the surface, but you really received a lot of meat pieces in the curries and we took half of the food home, so I was pleasantly surprised in that regard.  The Lamb was extremely fresh and you could tell that it wasnt sitting in a curry for hours on end, which might be a good thing or bad thing for some people.  The Saag Paneer, which is spinach which chunks of cheese, was pretty good and balanced out the main entrees well.  The rice that came with the dishes was perfectly cooked.  I dont remember the name of the dessert that I had, but it was really good as well.  Value:I thought there was great value in the dinner prix fixe menu, but I would have been happy to order directly from the normal menu because you get exactly what you pay for at this restaurant if not more.  I strongly recommend this place.  There is adequate parking on the street, and tons of other places to go out before and after your meal.  Its a very nice neighborhood in Queens.  I will go there when I am in the area again.  It might be easier to go with a group of no more than 4 people at peak time.
Some of the best indian food I've had... ever! Everything I've had here has been excellent with prices that are reasonable and a wait staff that I experienced and knowledgeable. Just listen to  when your waiter says your dish will be spicy hot. It will be a whole body sweat heat. Like you just stepped out of a  Bickram yoga session. I love spicy food, but real indian heat is something else entirely. If you do dare I suggest a mango lasso or two too cool down.
Delicious!  We ordered a chicken korma and lamb vindaloo to go, and they were extremely prompt. They warn you that the vindaloo is hot--listen to them!  I love spicy food--even went to a hot sauce expo--and I had to run for some milk. The korma was flavorful and the sauce was perfect for dunking some naan bread.  Best Indian I've had in the city, hands down.
I'm surprised with the amount of rave reviews this restaurant is getting. Personally, the food was not quite *there* for me. Too americanized. It tasted a bit watered down. Having had my friend's authentic Indian food for reference, this place did not satisfy. Usually you can guess the authenticity of the food depending on who's eating in a restaurant. I was the only non-white person there, but I figured that with all the great reviews, I shouldn't judge the food without having tried it.Service was wonderful. My waiter was very attentive and friendly. The prices were awesome and decor was great. But the food was frustratingly subpar! Everyone, please, find yourself a real authentic Indian restaurant and be blown away!
solid, we always stop by for weekend buffet. food is fresh, not too greasy or creamy. i do wish they would mix it up though - the dishes are always the same from what I've seen. would be great to try something different.
The place is very small but cozy. The food is very flavorful and customer service was great. However the AC that sits on top of the ceiling made my food cold fast. Other than that I will return.
This is a very good spot for an inexpensive delicious Indian meal. They have dinner specials that come with a drink and a dessert. Everything tastes delicious and the wait staff is very friendly. I would definitely go back again.
The best Indian food I've eaten since moving to New York from England, and us Brits love a good curry. I love that they have a spicy chicken tikka masala option and it's so so so good! I just wish the curry to rice ratio was a little better, I always end up with a ton of delicious curry left and no rice to enjoy it with!
Seva is not my favorite Indian place, but it is solid.  I usually judge an Indian restaurant by their CTM, but I'm making an exception for Seva. The CTM here is fine...but nothing special, I would not order it again. My gf likes Seva, so I have gone back with her several times. There are other dishes, like the lamb saag and chili chicken that are good. The samosas are very good.  Mediocre CTM is usually grounds for me not returning, but I have to admit I still enjoy the buffet enough to come back.
Best Indian food in Astoria - hands down. Their chicken biryani is the most pleasurable burn I've ever felt in my life.
I lived in Jackson Heights and ate a lot of Indian food there, but this is the best North Indian I've had in New York City. I got the Lamb Rogan Josh and the meat was perfectly cooked, not completely dominated by the sauce like so many other curries I've eaten. The staff were prompt and we never felt rushed. I highly recommend this place.
Delicious, delicious...priced well. My boyfriend and I joined friends for dinner and we will be back. Even the leftovers were delicious.. Only concern was the constant water filling..alike strange.
Service was truly wonderful.Came here last night because we wanted to grab a bite for my friend's birthday. Sugar Freak was packed to the brim so we walked down a bit. I've ordered from here before so I was excited to finally eat in the restaurant. Place is tiny for the amount of customers that it gets. There was a half an hour wait - on a Monday, but the host was nice enough to offer to call us when our table was ready. The host actually called us back and held the table for 10 minutes. The menu seems authentic. The pre-fix is so damn worth it and only $15!!! I got the vegetable samosas, Lamb Korma and it came with a rice pudding dessert. Generous portions! The waiter was very polite, funny and attentive. He gave us a spice scale from 1-10, with 10 being Vindaloo. Food was delicious but I should have ordered my entree spicier. My friends had the chicken biryani, which was nice and spicy, and the chana masala entrees. We also had mango lassi and garlic naan. The naan was light, fluffy and fresh. Don't leave without eating naan. Everything was so good. We really regretted not coming here hungry. Dying to come back for the weekend buffet. Food is amazing.
Thank you Seva for healing me when I was home sick! They delivered my dinner, piping hot, in less than 35 minutes. Everything was delicious as usual and I have a ton of yummy leftovers. I ordered the lamb saag, the mulligatawny soup, and the appetizer sampler platter. I ordered everything on grubhub and the whole process was simple. I rarely ever get food delivered so I appreciate Seva for rocking it. This is possibly the best delivery experience I've ever had.
Lamb saag chicken korma garlic naan were our dinner choices. We also ordered garlic bread,butternut squash soup and mango yogurt lhasee. Everything was quiet delicious. Atmosphere was fine and waiters were attentive.Prices reasonable.Next time we gonna try different things.
I've heard about this place way before I lived in the area and that definitely says something. Word of mouth buzz with a 25 mile+ radius is never a bad thing. Family owned and super focused on customer service with high quality authentic food output, you have to respect Seva.Weekend Lunch buffet at $10.95 from 12-3 with a handful of solid Indian dishes. Chicken Tikka Masala, Green Chili Chicken, Chana Masala, Navratan Korma, Sag Paneer, Vegetable Samosas, and basmati rice, naan, rice pudding, and various sauces/chutneys made this totally worth it. Not one thing let me down. Support this place. Hopefully you dig it as much as I did.
Got the prix fix with my boyfriend as well as garlic naan bread and mango lassi drinks. The special is really great since you get an appetizer, entree and dessert for $14.95. Portion size is great. All was good except for the fact our chicken in our chicken tikka masala was undercooked! Kind of caught my boyfriend and I off guard and left us feeling sick afterward. (We ended up taking 90% of the food to go so we can recook it at home). If it wasn't for the undercooked chicken, I would've definitely gave 5 stars. We might return to give it another try!
I use to eat Indian food a lot but haven't recently because I couldn't find a great place. NYC has a lot of hit or misses when it comes to Indian food. A lot of people told me to try Seva, and after a lot of convincing I finally ordered from Seva.Usually when I order Indian food, I would get small portions - mind you Indian food is fairly heavy so it wouldn't matter. With that in mind, we (me and my fiancee) ordered 3 dishes. Let me tell you we now have food for a week. The food is DELICIOUS!!!! Definitely up there with Indian food I grew up eating.
They offer a 3 course prix fixed menu which is a good deal.  Lamb spring roll was amazing. Curries were a little on the dry side. I like when curry is saucy enough to eat w rice, it was dryer like a paste.  Dessert was rice pudding Which was very good. Also had coconut naan which was unique and crispy.  Service was excellent but just wish the curries were better.
The best authentic Indian food I've had in NYC.  The paneer options we excellent.  The dhal is amazing. The traditional naan is great. The flavored option really don't add much.  I'd recommend sticking with the traditional naan. The food is on the spicy side.  So if you like you food milder, request it.  Definitely recommend Seva!
Excellent authentic Indian food, quick service in a casual atmosphere and very reasonably priced. You can't go wrong here!
Everything was so tasty and amazing. This will be my favorite place to visit in Astoria. Great Indian food!
So I have been to many Indian buffets and this place is tied for first place alongside Dhaba. The buffet is only on Saturday & Sunday from 12pm-3pm for around $11/person (not including tip). I do not recommend coming with a group because this place is miniscule, like really tiny and the buffet section is even tinier (like closet-size small). But the food makes the trip so worthwhile. The employees are attentive and welcoming. The dishes served for the buffet are not of lower quality (that's why it's one of my favorite Indian to-go's).The selection is standard naan, kheer, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, chana somethingy and some green chile chicken but they also include samosas. They definitely do have the best chicken tikka masala I have ever tasted or least that's from my experience. I highly recommend the chicken tikka masala, green chile chicken (has a little creeping heat), saag paneer and my personal favorite, the samosa. Their samosa so damn good, it needs it's own paragraph. It is a veggie samosa with the usual potato and spices. But it is goooood. This place makes the best samosas I ever had and they are huge, like softball-huge. I always smother them in tikka masala sauce and just crunch through that flakey, crunchy layer to be welcomed with some smooth, savory veggies. :P(Damn, I'm salivating)  But I admit, I am biased. I highly prefer veggie samosas over meat samosas (coming from a grown carnivore) so if you're not a veggie fan than.....oh well, good luck with life?
This was my first time trying Indian food and I must say that if you haven't come to this place yet YOU'RE MISSING OUT!!!! The food is so good and the service is super fast! Will definitely come back!
Great, cheap, tasty food and friendly service! Their buffet is small, but they have all the basics.
YUMMY!  I was totally craving indian food and it was a bit chilly (chilly because I had just come from 72 degree weather in California).  The prix fix menu was great, as a group we each ordered one entree and got different appetizers to share.  I really like the samoas and the crab cake.  We ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Korma, Lamb Roshan Jan (sp?), and the eggplant dish.  My favorites were the tikka masala, lamb and eggplant.  I like red sauces more so leaned towards those dishes.  We also ordered garlic and coconut naan.I wasn't a huge fan of the desserts, but I don't really like things that are too sugary or rice pudding that much.  I took a bite of both though and I'd choose the rice pudding type of dish over the other dessert, it felt like I was eating a ball of sugar.  Sorry for the lack of names of dishes!  I can't really remember them. :)  Overall a very delicious place and I ate until I was ready to burst and sad that I couldn't eat more.
Maybe fumbling idiots would cover how I feel about Seva? My recent order to my place of business came damaged and leaking; the delivery driver did little to help, and said the leaking bag was "fine, just take it" while my customers watched in horror. He came back a half an hour later to pick up the leaking bag, digging in my garbage for it- totally unprofessional and inconsiderate. He then dragged the still leaking bag BACK through my shop, even while I begged him to stop. A call to the establishment got me nowhere. Their recent change to a $15 min. also means their 'All Day Delivery Special' cannot be ordered, as it comes to $14.70 with tax. Well played, Seva.Needless to say, I'll never order from here again.
Got my order wrong. Wrong naan. Left out multiple items. Refused to correct the mistake because they were too busy.
The best Indian food in Astoria, hands down.I especially love their chicken tikka masala and suji halwa. Onion nan is also incredible.Their online delivery thing is really easy, but I'd rather go there: Added bonus is the people who work at Seva are just the absolute nicest. I love this place and hope it stays open and delicious for a long, long time.
Great Place to try Indian food. Small place but very tasty food and the portions are pretty good.
Have been here numerous times and it never dissappoints. Great Lamb Vindaloo! Good, friendly service. Watch out on those stairs for the bathroom though.
This is my go-to Indian delivery option, and it's good.  They used to have delicious, delicious fried bok choy blossoms with some kind of crack-filled dipping sauce.  They don't anymore, which makes me sad.  However, I haven't strayed from them to try another Indian place just yet.  I usually order the lamb vindaloo, green chile chicken, saag paneer, or saag chana with naan.  Sometimes their saags are too salty, in my opinion.
This is decent Indian food, but for the area, and for the price, I knocked the review down 1 star.  I do like the flavors at this restaurant, however, there's nothing that makes Seva stand out above the rest.
Excellent indian gem in Astoria! Maybe the best in NYC!!! We order here almost weekly (delivery) and we're never disappointed! The tikka massala and the vegetable korma are our favorites! Always fast delivery, and gracious service in-house. Prices are very reasonable too! Highly recommend!
So good! They have their vegan/vegetarian options clearly marked and great portions. The butternut squash soup is thebest. They also great samosas and pakoras.
Great food.  Samosas, Naan, Korma and Vindaloo.  Only complaint is the place is small and it gets busy so often you have to wait.  If you do, try Sweet Afton next door for a drink but that place gets packed with hipsters
Prices were excellent. Food was very spicy, which is sometimes a hard thing to find. A lot of places say they have spicy food and then either it is mild at best or they throw in a chili or two and call it a day. This place delivers on the spice, which automatically makes it awesome for me.Samosas were bangin'. Mixed Veg Biryani was pretty brilliant. Staff was attentive and nice.in sum: great, cheap indian food with warm staff. Truly spicy and worth a visit.
This place is consistently friendly, super delicious, and worth the money.  My friends and I had a 20 minute wait the other day, so we took a stroll.  We came back and hung out outside for a few minutes, waiting for our turn to sit and eat.  One of the staff (or the owner? not sure) came outside with a fresh hot basket of complimentary pakora and apologized for the wait! Who does that? I hope this restaurant never changes, it's always a great experience.
I ordered the malai kofta, garlic naan, mango lassi and vegetable samosa for pick-up. It was all good, except the malai kofta. The dumpling portion of the dish was horrible. The sauce was very good. I don't know, maybe it was a fluke, but I would never order that dish from here again.
Day after: the leftovers are extraordinarily good. Make sure to indulge and you can because there is always so much food to enjoy.
I crave Seva at all hours of the day!! My go to dishes are the Parsi Shrimp Curry with Garlic Naan and the Aloo chana Paneer. I'm drooling already~~I usually order to deliver but I've also been there twice. Small & cute place. There's a short wait to cook the food & Just know all dishes are already prepped - its not a diner people! Oh & be careful! Those are not string beans- its a Serrano pepper!
This is the best Indian food I've eaten and my favorite place in NYC.  I've had almost every vegetarian dish, all of which are insanely good.  My friend always orders the chicken tikka masala.  We also get garlic naan and samosas or bok choy blossoms.   We come here often and thank goodness are out of their delivery zone or we would be in trouble.I like the ambiance, too.  Very cozy.  Seva is also very reasonably priced.  The waitstaff couldn't be nicer, I love them.  We bring most of our out of town friends and family here, and they always say it's the best.
Seva is exceedingly convenient and well priced. Also, the food is really good!  for $12 I can get the delivery special, which is an appetizer, an entree and a desert (I always get the mango lassi!) delivered right to my door in about 30 minutes.While I'm a staunch omnivore, I love their veggie entrees. Their meat ones are solid- I love their lamb, but I think they do their vegetables exceedingly well. If you want to pay with a credit card, you need to call the restaurant after ordering online. Oh, did I forget to mention they have their own, in-house, online ordering system? It's awesome.Can't go wrong here
Great place, fresh ingredients and spices in all dishes. Nice size portions as well. A bit better for delivery than take out, decent dining room but small.
OUTSTANDING! Some of the best Indian Food in the City! Weekend Brunch is Awesome and service is great!
Awesome Indian food. Ive gone here a few times already & they are consistently good. If you havent had Indian before, start out with their chicken tikka masala with some naan bread or rice. Appetizers are really good too =)
I LOVE THIS PLACE!My husband and I went there tonight for dinner. The kitchen seemed a bit backed up and had us wait a while for our food. The staff noticed, and not only did they give us wine on the house, but they also gave us a discount on our bill to remedy the wait. We had ordered from the Prix Fixe menu and dined one chicken tika masala, vegetable samosas, dal, garlic naan and dessert. Everything was sooo delicious! We left completely satisfied and a little sleepy from being so full! ha ha I will definitely continue to get my Indian food fix from here!
Believe the hype.  GREAT Indian food, and this is coming from a man spoiled by the best curries in London.   They spice to order, their delivery is fast.  Nice staff.  Give it a try!!!
I can't believe it took 3 years of working a couple blocks down to find out about this place. I feel like this place is incredibly cheap for what you get (or maybe I just go to incredibly expensive Indian places) and I feel stupid for not realizing they have a delivery special (I definitely could've gone for some samosas and mango lassi). I opted for the lamb vindaloo which might have been a poor choice considering my work place is always hot and stuffy and I'm constantly on my feet. Needless to say I spent the next 6 hours sweating non stop. Picture Patrick Ewing every time he steps onto the court. Suffice to say, it wasn't pretty. However, this experience shouldn't detract from how good the food actually is, from my limited experience. The lamb was tender and oh so flavorful and you get quite a large portion for your money. I definitely plan on returning for some cheap, incredibly good Indian food; hopefully not while working.
The absolute best quality about this restaurant is their honesty when it comes to heat.  Twice now I've ordered food from Seva and asked for 'hot' spice, and whooo!  Did they deliver!  Holy green chilis!  It is so refreshing to get Indian food and actually have my spice request honored.  I'm talking spice you have to prepare yourself for, meditate before you eat, make sure you have ice-kinda-spice.  Tonight we had the aloo chana matar, green chili chicken and samosas. The samosas are the best I've had out of any of the Indian or Bangladeshi restaurants in Astoria, the matar held up nicely and through the green chili the garam masala resonated splendidly.  The green chili chicken was okay but one-dimensional - it tasted like a spicy chicken curry.  I was expecting something more.I can't speak for in-house dining, but I can say that my bell rang exactly 50 minutes after my food was ordered.  It was almost as if the delivery person sat outside in their car and waited for the clock to strike 7:47 before ringing the bell.Both experiences here have been good, and definitely the best in Astoria, but if I leave my home for Indian food, it is always to go to Manhattan or Jackson Heights, still.
DELIVERY REVIEW:I am done with this place. The food is good, but you cant pay with cc on the website and grubhub does not offer the delivery special, so i tried calling. The woman that answered the phone was unable to understand my order at all. I had to give my address 3x and she still read it back to me wrong. Then i tried to order and that was read back wrong. Conviced that i am going to get food i did not order, i told them to go to hell and hung up. LOYAL CUSTOMER LOST!
As far as Indian food goes it's above average. The chicken tikka msala is really good with the right amount of spice so that I'm not constantly reaching for my water after one bite. The garlic nan is very fresh and doughy and the mango lassi continues to be one of my favorite drinks.Where they really go above the average Indian restaurant are their great prices. For $13 you get an appetizer, entree, and dessert. Plus they deliver at no charge. And they happen to be next door to Sweet Afton, my favorite Astoria bar.
AMAZING prices; $13.95 for a very comprehensive prixe-fixe dinner, which is kind of unheard of in Manhattan, and the food really is excellent. I loved the lamb spring-roll and the chicken tikka was more interestingly flavored than you would usually find -- not just your standard tomato and cream, lending itself to a very well-rounded and delicious meal. I highly recommend a glass of riesling to accompany your entree! The service was surprisingly a little too attentive and in yo' face, but overall a really great experience.
This is a decent Indian restaurant.Food portions good, although my chicken dish had overcooked chicken (they use white meat)Mango lassi was delicious although it was scarily orange.Service was really slow here which is why I bring down the rating.  It seems I'm one of the only who had bad service on here but I went on a Sunday and my table of four was seated in the corner so maybe the only server working forgot about us.  They didn't come out with my mango lassi until I reminded the water-filling guy and it took a long time, longer than seems necessary, for our food to come out and we had to remind the server assistant to bring out the desserts with the prix fixe. It took even longer to get the check.Funny thing though -- the guy filling the water came TOO frequently.  Our water was always filled.  When it came to getting our food items and our check, however, that is where Seva falls really short.FYI -- I came here because it was recommended by vegetarians but I didn't get a vegetarian meal so perhaps those were cooked better.  Service still is slow though and is something they need to fix.**this did not affect their rating but they only take Visa/MC for those out there who prefer Discover or AMEX.
Really great service and good quality food for cheap. No need to leave Astoria for good Indian food.
I found this place on accident!  Their service is really great, and super fast.  I love their Naan.  Its also fairly priced.  Also their delivery portions are usually bigger, so sometimes being lazy pays off.
It's good food overall.I phoned in my order for delivery and like everyone else has said, the delivery is slow, so don't phone here if you're really hungry and need to eat now. I ordered the lamb meatball and the aloo gobi matar."How spicy would you like it? Mild, medium, or spicy?" the voice asked over the phone.I had to think about this a little. I love spicy food, but I'm not one of those people who enjoys having my taste buds burned off. Then again, as someone who eats spicy food regularly, I do love the spicy heat. It's a hard question for me to answer because on the one hand, I don't want my food to be too spicy to eat and on the other hand, I hate bland food.I decided to answer the question  by thinking about the clientele. For example, when I go to Korean restaurants filled with Korean people, I always request my food to be mild. Trust me. Mild is all I can tolerate there. When I go to ethnic restaurants known for spicy food, but the clientele is mainly White, then I request that the food be as spicy as possible."Are you sure?" they ask me suspiciously. "Oh, yes, really, really spicy," I answer firmly.The food is then generally just spicy enough for it to be okay, but nothing that I personally would say is spicy.So when posed with the question of how spicy do I want my food, I thought about who went there. There aren't too many Indians living in Astoria, so I answered, "Spicy."When I finally received my food, the spiciness I personally would have labeled it as "medium." Not that this is a bad thing, because actually it was the perfect amount of heat for me, but I'm just letting you know what I thought of it.Anyway, the lamb meatball was very tasty and I would definitely order it again. The aloo gobi matar was all right. If it weren't for the fact that it was spicy, it would have been horribly boring. That was the only thing saving it. I ordered the saag paneer from Seva a long time ago and it was really bland. So I think their vegetarian curries aren't that great, but the meat ones seem to be better.
Great taste, very reasonable priced, clean cozy place, we keep coming back at least every 2 months and never had a problem with the service.
Yummy, Yummy, Yummy! I can't speak for the service, because I've only had take out. Takes about 20-30 minutes to be prepared, depending how busy they are. I like that they load it up with sauce, so you have extra for rice or for dipping. You can order mild, medium, spicy. We usually order medium, which seems to vary. Sometimes its tongue numbing hot and other times its medium. But when we tried switching to mild, it was too bland. Make sure you don't eat one of those tiny little green chilis! I'd make a point of picking them out before you chow down. The parantha is only so so here, its sometimes a bit overdone and lame. I like their food better than Ghandi's around the corner and their prices are more reasonable, but I wish they had the aloo parantha that Ghandi makes. HINT, HINT IF YOU'RE READING THIS SEVA!
This review has been a long time coming.  I've been getting delivery from here for about three years now, and I've tried many Indian places in Astoria and also the city.  Truth is that nothing compares to Seva.  They stopped delivering to my area of Ditmars, which I can't hold against them, but every 6-8 months or so I call and beg them to deliver to me and they do!  I willingly drop $60+ here and just eat everything during the week.  Chicken tikka masala is the best, and the rice wow.  The naan is good, you should try all the flavors-I usually go garlic.  Chicken korma and Parsi shrimp are superb entrees.  So many layers of flavor.  I also feel like their proteins are pretty fresh too, no frozen food here!  And the appetizers!  Must try chicken samosas and lamb spring roll.  The sauces are good too, I especially love the sweet red one.  They're very nice over the phone, and the delivery was pretty quick considering my distance.  Don't bother with the other tempting Indian places on grub hub or seamless!  This is the real deal, and in my honest opinion, it doesn't get better than Seva.
Went for the first time recently, one night after getting off of work late. All I wanted was something warm & comforting. Ordered the butternut squash soup, on recommendation of the calming waiter (I'd asked for something not oily...). Even though that was all I ended up ordering, much to my embarassement for making them work for such a measly bill, throughout my time there I was treated politely, kindly and never made to feel rushed. The waiter even told me that I was free to stay and relax!  Now that is good service.And the soup, with its layers of flavour, was excellently spiced. Delicious. Thanks!
Never eaten inside here but frequently get delivery.  Waits on the delivery can be a bit long, but this is still definitely my favorite Indian place in Astoria.  Love the options to spice up or spice down a dish and the basmati rice is very nicely seasoned with aromatic spices. If you want the food spicier, all you need to do is ask. My favorites here are the Green Chile Chicken and the Lamb Spring rolls. As others have noted, the spring rolls and samosas are definitely oily... I happen to find them oily in a delicious way, but if you're sensitive about that type of thing, you might want to pass them up. The Korma used to be very good but they changed the recipe a few months back and I can't say I'm a fan of it now.  The delivery special is a great deal; usually when the wife and I order two of those we have enough left over for another meal the next day- granted, we aren't really big eaters, though.
Why SEVA?FRESH food at any time.reasonable price.cozy ambiance.friendly nice staff.Get the chicken tika masala, mango lassi,galic nannand malai kofta!!
I met a couple of friends at Seva for lunch, and the food was delicious.  We tried the Masala crab cakes, and I had the Navratan korma.  The nan bread is to die for and it's great for dipping in sauce.The staff was incredibly polite and attentive.  I love spicy food, especially tasty Indian food.  I will definitely return to Seva.
I LOVE Seva!!!  But mostly just for take-out.  The restaurant itself is pretty cramped- I've felt like I'm sitting on top of the people next to me when I go there.  And oddly enough, the staff is TOO attentive.  My roommate and I went at seperate times on the same day, and we both said the same thing.  They got right up in my face too often and didn't seem to notice that my boyfriend and I were in the middle of a very serious conversation.  However, I can't get enough of their food!!!  My boyfriend actually started eating and loving Indian food after I introduced him to Seva.  I'm a vegan, and it's one of the few places that serves vegan food I actually crave.  Aloo Gobi Matar and Baighan Bharta all the way!!!  Sadly, there aren't any vegan desserts, so the Prix Fix is a no-go for me :(
I regularly order food from here and it's good. They pay attention to details and Prepare the food accordingly, spicy or Mild. Take out deal for $13 bucks with soup, entree & desert is great. However, their weekend buffet sucks so don't bother.
Good food, very attentive waiters (refill your water every three minutes), and pretty reasonable prices. Nothing spectacular or to write home about, but worth your time and money if your just looking for a satisfactory time out.Atmosphere is wonderful with Indian music and mood lighting that still lets you see who you're talking to. I recommend the nan and baigan bharta spicy!
Hands down, Seva is my favorite restaurant in Astoria! It is also probably the best Indian food I have had thus far... The "prix-fix" menu is the best. It includes a choice of appetizer + main course w/ basmati rice + dessert all for about $13. It is a large amount of food so you can definitely share with another person. (I never finish my food so I always have leftovers to bring home :))!) My favorite dish is the Chicken Vindaloo. Very spicy and full of flavor!!! Woo hoo!!! I would definitely suggest this dish for those looking for something very HOT! I have pretty much become a normal here. The service is excellent. The waiters are extremely nice and helpful. I have brought my parents, friends, and bf here. They have all enjoyed it. Can't wait to go again!
Really enjoyed the $10 weekend buffet. Tasty and great service too!
The lamb saag is where it's at for me! I've often toyed with the idea of going for the spiciest version of this dish but always chicken out. Maybe one day! I generally accompany the saag with garlic naan and it rounds out a delicious meal. I've had delivery but choose to dine in most of the time. Both experiences are always courteous and fast.
Service and food is great here. No matter how busy it is, it seems like theres 10 waiters swarming the place looking for someone whose cup they could refill. Ive been here probably 15+ times and food was amazing almost every single time. One dish I wish they would make a regular is the shrimp masala they had on there special valentines day menu but even without that all the dishes ive tried have been delicious from the tikka masala to the lamb korma. As with any southeast asian meal, a side of bread is a must. There garlic naan is one of the best i've tried and is definitely necessary to wipe  the remaining out of the bowl after your done with the bulk of your meal. There food is that good.
Lamb & apricots? Whatttt? Delicious. I know I should say more about Seva, but the food is so good here that it puts me at a loss for words.
I won't bore you with the premise of my venture into Seva but I will take you through the experience that almost did not happen. Us New Yorkers have grown accustomed to mild winters, but this one in particular is throwing things out of whack. So when I was given the task to find a good restaurant that had a vegetarian menu on a day that I assumed would be mildly cold I ran with it. With that said I simply Googled "vegetarian restaurant in Queens" and I clicked Seva and thought hey Indian "yumm" and vegetarian "cool". I am all dressed and excited to take this trip into Astoria and as I walk out I'm greeted by a snow storm...Yikes!! I look to my partner in crime and we about face and shrug our shoulders and say maybe next time. We go back and sit and try to figure out alternate plans and Seva is still on my mind. From Harlem by bus it takes only 22 minutes so we muster up the courage and I strut/slide through the snow in my heeled boots and we get on the bus and Go. Upon our arrival we are warmly greeted and told wait time would be 15 minutes. The atmosphere here is very laid back, it's a place where you can make it whatever you want it to be. If you want it to be romantic-it can, if you want it to be casual-it can, if you want to be in and out-you can. The only setback was the limited amount of space available to wait the 15 minutes; It was cold and snowing therefore outside was not an option. The only thing left to do was look at everyone enjoy their meal and or check your phone for no reason and avoid being in the server or bussers way. As I waited I did take in the decor and there are two beautiful paintings placed along the back walls of the restaurant. The music was very calming and definitely set the mood in this dimly lit restaurant...Ding 15 minutes is up and I'm finally seated!! My main reason for yelping this restaurant is not the food, although I will give a description on it, but of their customer service. I work in the service industry and have worked within luxury and as I mentioned in past reviews great service can be present in both high, low and in between industries. Seva is truly magnificent in it's attention to providing outstanding customer service. From ensuring your safety in going to the restroom to removing used napkins, to the simple task of refilling your glass of water, to just a simple smile. Each and every server and busser provided equal levels of great service. There was never a moment that you felt ignored but they manage to do so without being overbearing or intrusive. I know it seems funny to speak of an Indian restaurant and talk service first and food later but the quality of service made the food even better. As far as my dinner that evening we ordered the sampler appetizer, the lamb vindladoo, and the Aloo Gobi Matar. It was all good and worth the snowy travel. Thanks Seva!!
After several more pick-up orders from Seva, I'm updating my review. Seva is definitely the best Indian place around here and it's super convenient for me because they are right at the end of my block. I have now tried several of their vegetarian dishes and all have been wonderful. The spices and flavor are unique to each dish, but my favorite is the Chana saag (chickpeas and spinach). I had an incident once where  I had to wait about 10 extra minutes for my pick up order and Seva kindly gave me some complimentary samosas with my order, which turned out to be phenomenal!  Also a plus - every meal since my initial visit has come with the chili pepper in clear view right on top. No more angry surprises! :P
It's a good thing I live on this street because Seva is my favorite Indian place and super affordable. The $13 prix fixe menu is awesome and it's great that they deliver too. I find that portions are bigger when you order take out. Chicken Tikka Masala is awesome, Lamb korma, saag paneer, samosas, everything is heaven!!!portions are big too so you'll have leftovers :) can't go wrong with this place.
Service - GoodAmbiance - GoodFood - GreatI go to Indian restaurants usually dragged by Indian friends, I am not a big fan.  So here is how good is Seva, I will go back  over and over because the food was delicious, maybe I was having bad Indian all theses times.
I was super happy to find an Indian place in Astoria that has pretty good food for a reasonable price. However, as many have mentioned, the delivery wait times can be annoying. I'd say I'm usually starving for about 45 minutes after I've placed my order until the food comes. The delivery special is awesome, and I love their naan. They don't have the best Indian food in all of NYC, but it's definitely worth it in Astoria.
It's just as good as everyone says it is. Seva doesn't need another great review, but here goes: Came here on a Friday night, ate too much, loved the leftovers. A standout favorite was the bok choy blossoms (chickpea batter, mango powder, lemon, mint raita). I haven't tried delivery from them, but here's hoping it's just as excellent.
I had to go back and edit my review. Originally I think I had Seva listed at 4/5 stars, I had to change it to 5/5. This is my favorite restuarant in Astoria -- I'd say in my top 3 in NYC.  I was getting the same meal, but I switched to a dish that is with cashew and almond sauce...so good. We always get take out but I look forward to eating at the restaurant.I know rice is rice is rice -- but their rice is AWESOME.
I Love this Indian restaurant! The food is delicious, the chicken tikka masala is the best I've ever had! The chicken sagg was wow! The restaurant itself is small and intimate and clean.  They have a prix fixe menu, which is great for the amazing food they serve. For the appetizers, i like the lamb spring roll. In my opinion, Seva is better than some of the Indian places near the East Village. everyone seems to like the Mango Lassi, so i will try that next time.
Yelp needs half stars.... i would give this place a 4.5 but cant. Came here for brunch and it was fantastic. I loved that the there were a bunch of vege options. For $10 it is a great and afforable indian option in Astoria. The servers are really nice, you can totally tell its a local spot because the knew most of the people who walked through the door. Lucky for me its right next door to my fav bar in Astoria, Sweet Afton so I'm sure I'll be here again.
To satisfy your craving for some good indian, you can't do better than Seva. The food here is delicious and for those who like it spicy, ask for the hot peppers on the side. I would recommend the garlic or onion naans, they are amazing! Friendly staff and great menu!The price is easy on your wallet too.
Hands down, best Indian food I have ever had. While I don't frequent Astoria that much (being a Brooklyn gal and all), I am beginning to believe my queens-based friends that even though Astoria isn't quite as pretty as Brooklyn, there are some local flavors that are not to be missed (and at better prices).Now, I love my Indian buffets but the prix-fix dinner at Seva is undoubtedly the best deal for really great Indian food. With an appetizer each (chicken samosa and Masala crab cake--both ridiculously flavorful and the crab cake had a great kick to it), my friend and I knew we had picked the right Sunday night meal. Next came the Baigan Bharta, an unsusal Indian dish of peas, roasted and smashed eggplant,onions and tomatoes that hit just the right spot for me. Along with the interesting Fennel Chicken Curry that brought the fennel flavor out expertly while still maintaining the Indian heat with the curry. As we were loosening our belts and sinking into oblivion, the desert came, I had the perfect Gulab Jamun (honeyed dumplings) which are my personal favorite and after trying every one in the city (and various other towns), I can honestly say they are the best I have ever tasted--it must be the cardamom and rosewater. For $13.50, a better deal can not be had. Seva has the best food and undoubtedly the best service. Waiters, who waited and answered our many questions, who refilled our waters so we never had less than half a glass at the ready and who let us sit undisturbed, quietly bringing the bill and clearing dishes, even as the place was bursting with waiting customers.Even more so, I started off this review with a 4 star however, after going over the meal in my mind, remembering the waiter service, remembering the server apologizing that they had only one bathroom when he saw me waiting (so sweet!) and just feeling the satiated feeling in my body an hour later, I cannot possibly give Seva anything but a 5 star review. The Best!
O to the M to the G.  This place was re-donk-ulous.  Best Palak Paneer I've had in years.  My wife and I have a new favorite place.  Samosas were off the hook as well.  AND - cheap!  We've become innured to the rapacious prices of Little New Delhi on 6th street.  Food here is better, half the price and the service is quick and pleasant.  Do your little itty bitty taste buds a favor and go here.  immediately.  I'm serious.
I always eat here and recommend this place for anyone looking for good Indian food. Spicy food not your thing? Tell them! You can get any dish (I believe) mild, medium or hot. I love the chicken tikki masala and chicken vindaloo. A side of garlic nan and you're good to go.Must admit however, it's a little pricey but the food is great so once in a while when I'm hungry and don't feel like cooking (and have some cash in my pocket) I'll call them up.
I love this place...never had a bad meal and the staff is super attentive and friendly. they have a pre-fixe menu, which is an amazing value...$14.99 for an appetizer, entree, and dessert. The lamb roll, from the appetizer menu is phenomenal. I tend to order either the saag paneer or chicken tikka masala for entrees. Def worth checking out
careful when you choose the level of spiciness on the tikka massala! I personally can not go higher than light and I am mexican LOLI give it 4 stars because I wish their samosas were less doughy and more filling. Otherwise, everything else is very very tasty
Cozy place with great food.  Very reasonably priced, especially if you do the prix fixe.  Service is good.  I usually get the malai kofta and my husband gets the chicken tikka.  All are consistently delicious, and the naan is great.  Prepare to leave (extremely) full!  Been going there since it opened - you won't be disappointed.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Astoria.  This is mostly because of their chicken tikka masala, which may be the best thing I've ever had to eat.  I am usually a vindaloo fan, but that is the one dish at Seva that disappoints.  It's all heat and no flavor.  This is completely made up for by the tikka masala, though.  I'm also a fan of the fennel chicken curry, the spring rolls, and the samosas.We almost always do take-out, but we've eaten in 2 or 3 times.  The first time I was surprised to find that the portions are smaller when you eat in, even though I believe the price is the same.  My husband and I ordered an entree to share, while the rest of our party ordered individual entrees.  When our food came, we realized why.  We've been there for brunch too, which was yummy and filling.
Default-awesomeness.  If I'm looking to stick around Astoria for dinner, Seva is one of few go-to's.  I honestly have nothing bad to say about this place; the food is always on point, the servers are all extremely attentive and sweet, the atmosphere is warm while managing to be pretty damn chic and you can't beat the prix-fixe deal.  They may not have the charming kitsch-factor of the indian places on 6th street in the village, but the quality of their food puts manhattan indian spots to shame.
I had better Indian food. Check out Deli Heights in Jackson Heights, it's a little pricier but the food taste much better.
Such a great place. The food is wonderful, so much flavor. The people that work here are so sweet. My mom ordered a spicy dish thinking that she could handle it. When she ate it, she realized that Seva does not mess around with heat. The waiter exchanged her meal, and then wrapped up the spicy one for me to take home, free of charge! Sealed the deal for me :-)
One piece of nan for $3.00. Really? Really?!I'm no expert on Indian food but the two times I've eaten at Seva have been underwhelming. The sag paneer and malai kofta I've had there just taste... off. Portions are also rather meager for an Indian restaurant.
Best Indian food in Astoria. Fresh nan and amazing butternut squash soup. I'm not even a soup person. I would recommend the lamb korma or the chicken tikka masala. Order from the pre-fixe menu or the lunch special. The service is great.  Food came out quickly and the staff was very attentive. I think they refilled my water 10 times in a meal. Maybe it was a bit excessive, but I didn't mind.
Seva is the best Indian food in the area. Always reliable and consistently good. I would recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Vegetable Samosas. Both are delicious and the portions are very generous and filling. The leftovers usually last me one or two meals more!
I will preface my review with the fact that I have only had Indian food once before and honestly don't know a lot about their cuisine nor am I a real fan of curry.  With all that said, I still enjoyed it and was open to trying something different.  I think my biggest mistake was that I decided to try Seva on a humid 97 degree day.  The theme of the night was sweat.The interior was surprisingly small, but pleasant.  Started with the lamb spring rolls.  A little too much curry for my taste, but not too bad.  The sweat was already dripping from my forehead.  I decided to play it safe and order the chicken tikka masala.  I chose mild, I don't even want to imagine what medium or hot was like.  Whew!  I felt like Ben Stiller in Along Came Polly.  They couldn't refill my water and bring my lime lemonades fast enough.  Don't get me wrong however, it was very good and give you a large portion.  The cheese nan I ordered on the side was a nice a compliment.I will be back, but preferably during the winter because I can't handle the heat from the food on a sultry summer day.
Had dinner here last night.  We ordered the mixed appetizers, bhagre baigan (eggplant), veggie biryani, chicken tikka masala, rosemary naan and kuji halwa for desert. Every thing was delicious.  Very lovely flavors.  However, it really wasn't all that spicy.  We were told "medium spicy" was pretty spicy, so we said, great, give us medium spicy....not so much....go for the SPICY if you are in the mood for hot food, which is what I should have done. Service was excellent! Prices are better than fair! The place is very small and clean and cozy. I'd definitely eat here again.
This is only my second time trying Indian food, so take this with a great of salt, but I was very impressed by this place (and more so because of how inexpensive it is - $14 prix fixe for appetizer, entree, and dessert).  I highly recommend the lamb spring rolls and chicken vindaloo.
I was there like 2 month ago, I liked their garlic, onion, cilantro nans, curry & i don't remember the name of other dishes i had but overall I liked this place.
SO GOOD!!!! Ugh. I can't get over it. Their dinner special is such a steal. My favorite dishes include the chicken tikka masala, saag paneer,their samosas, and the lamb spring roll. I will travel from Brooklyn to Astoria any day to eat at Seva!
I LOVE THIS PLACE. The food is always amazing when I come here. I can't handle too much spicy. So when I order medium spicy, that is perfect for me. This place customer service is the best.
After reading the rave recommended reviews, I decided to try this place out on my birthday. It was a rainy night and my guest and I arrived to a half empty Seva. We were seated at the table right by the door. There was a vent blowing air down on me plus every time the door swung open, wind would obviously come in. I asked to change tables and the server let me. He seemed annoyed cuz they had already brought out the pre-apps and water. We had only sat down about 2 mins when I asked. Perhaps they should wait a few mins before bringing  the water and preapps so a person can adjust to the place especially for a first timer.The place is small and they quite a lot of carryout orders as people kept coming in to pick up. The restaurant became packed before we even got out apps. My guest and I both got the price -prix which is a dinner combo where you pick an app, entree with basmati rice and the only dessert - kheer for $14.95. Pretty great deal. The server was nice during the order and got our apps out within abt 5-10 minsI ordered the veg samosa. My guest ordered the lamb spring rolls. My samosa was huge & a little light in color! I took a bite and realized the shell was uncooked. The outer shell looked cooked - it was tan in color - but the inside the dough was completely raw like it was never ever even cooked. No wonder it was light in color - samosa wasn't cooked! I thought no big deal and decided to eat just the stuffing which was about 2 bites for such a big samosa. Disappointing but i didn't complain because I thought perhaps theyre just busy. My guest's lamb spring rolls were great! Very flavorful and appetizing. Entrees came. The food runner (not our server) held the container in which my food came with her hand over the top of it to place it infront of me. Her hand was almost and probably did touch the top of my food. The same runner would fill the waters of guests. She would put the tip of the pitcher all the way in each guests' glass making sure the person got water and whoever got water next got the previous guests' germs. Pretty gross. Again, I thought it's my birthday - just go with the flow. I ordered the saag paneer & received basmati rice with it for the combo. I had also ordered garlic naan with it on the side. Saag paneer tasted like they just prepare the spinach and whatever order comes - they just throw in the extra thing. The paneer was uncooked and lacked flavor. It was like they just threw it in the saag and mixed it and brought it out. It wasn't creamy either like saag paneer should be since it's a North Indian dish. The garlic naan was bearable. The basmati rice was just ok. Nothing special about it. My guest had ordered fennel chicken which was dry and again just tasted like they just prepare the ingredients separately and then mix it together based on order rather than actually make and cook the dish the way it should be. The kheer was two bites and tasted bland. By the end of it, I just wanted to get out. It was a disappointing birthday dinner. I tried my best to be optimistic and enjoy it for the sake of the day but the food was just bland. Unhygienic & food that is way below average. This is not Indian food. No flavor. Nothing. Absolute disappointment. Needless to say, I won't be back.
Came here on a Thursday night and had no wait. The food was delicious and the service was really good. Waiters came by with water every few minutes (a must when you get a vindaloo dish), and were overall very attentive. I will definitely be making this my go to indian food place.The ambiance is also a plus, simple, clean, and comfortable.
I agree with all the rave reviews of this place.. they offer fresh, delicious, uncomplicated Indian food that is consistently good. The staff are so attentive and friendly. It's definitely one of my favorite places to have Indian.Great for pick up and delivery but nice enough to eat-in. But it's not the largest of restaurants so a reservation is probably needed for large groups.
Love this place! Whenever my mom is in from out of town, we go straight to Seva. The pumpkin soup is awesome as well as the samosas. Very good service as well.
Get the Pakora!  Onion and cauliflower fritters with some sort of curry or spices in the batter.  To be honest, I'm not quite sure what is in there but I don't even care.  This was one of the best appetizers I have ever eaten, and it was only $4!  It was so good my friend and I had to go back for more the very next day.  We also got the Channa Saag which was excellent, and we are Channa Saag aficionados!The decor is adorable and the service is good and friendly.  This may not be the best spot for a big group, as the restaurant is somewhat small, but for grabbing food with a few friends it's great.  They also have a really good delivery special for those lazy nights when you don't want to leave the house.
Ordered delivery from their online ordering service. Don't do this! After waiting an hour, I called to check in on the food and they said they didn't see the fax sitting there! So I had to wait another 40 minutes. Damn long time for delivery.That aside, the food was definitely delicious. I had the $12 dinner combo and ordered the veggie samosa, chicken tikka masala, and the rice pudding. The samosa was delicious. Not greasy and had just the right amount of filling. The basmati rice was perfectly cooked and my masala had a ton of layers of flavor. I was so full that I gave the dessert to my roommate, who seemed to gobble it up!The next time I order from them, I'm definitely calling. Maybe if they can deliver quicker, I'll up my review to 5 stars!
I moved out of New York, and though I'm in an area with a lot of authentic Indian restaurants, I still can't stop thinking about Seva! I can't wait to visit. I want those bok choy blossoms, the rose (sweet) lassi, and their soup again.
I've been here twice when I'm the mood for Indian food and too lazy to go to Jackson Heights for authentic Indian food. The food here is nothing impressive. I've had much better Indian food elsewhere for a better price. Secondly, Seva is incredibly small, so if you're with a group with more than two people, finding a table might take awhile, especially evenings and weekends. With that said, service on busy night is kinda slow and not as attentive. It can get frustrating after awhile.
I order in from Seva quite a lot. It's damn tasty. I wish the samosas weren't so hot--I don't order them anymore because the spiciness is more than I like. But the entrees (chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, chana, navratan korma) are tasty. So is the raita and the naan. My go-to place for indian in Astoria.
I had a nice meal hear with my girlfriend. We had garlic naan, lamb vindaloo, baigan bharta, and some of their lovely raita. We enjoy spicy, and asked for heavily spiced food. Both of the main dishes were tasty. I especially liked the eggplant, but the lamb was quite tasty. It was not the best vindaloo I've had, but tasty nonetheless. The atmosphere is what really shines at Seva. The interior is cozy, warm, dimly but sufficiently lit, with nice wall paintings. It's really a lovely place. The servers are as gracious as the interior is welcoming. It was a very nice evening, and while I wish the food was a little bit more exciting, I can't argue with the price (our total for everything, tax & tip was 35). I will come back for the pleasant atmosphere and reasonable prices. It's not my favorite place in the area (that's Harissa), but it is delightful and welcoming, especially for those who may not be that knowledgeable about indian food.
Other than having to wait for a table, this place is a real gem.  My wife is Indian and insists we eat here every time we're in town.  Where can you get such great Indian food for such an amazing price?  Our last check was $40.00 before tip!If you have to wait, go next door to Sweet Afton and have a drink.
Have been a fan of this place since they first opened, and apparently the word is out.  There is often now a wait for a table, as the place is small.  I hope they expand.I almost always order the same thing from their prix-fixe menu, just because I love it so much, which is a very good deal: vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala, and gulab jamun.  Comes with jasmine rice and I also order nan.  Everything is yummy.  I love Indian food and this place is one of the best.  The owner is delightful and his wife is the chef, or at least it is all her recipes.  Yum.  The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive.Used to be BYOB but now they have a liquor license.  I think you can still bring your own if you like.Cozy, intimate, friendly atmosphere, good for a date or with friends.Hint: if you order delivery, you get almost twice the amount of food for the same price, though delivery is slow.  Haven't figured out why :)
I had been to Seva two years ago, and since I had really good memories of the place, my husband and I decided to go again for dinner. We had the Chicken Biryani, and also the Lamb Saag as part of the Prix Fixe menu option, which is a pretty good deal. The lamb wasn't outstanding -it was good, but it tasted a little plain. If you can tolerate spiciness in the slightest, ask for spicier than "regular", which isn't spicy at all! The Chicken Biryani was really good.The service was great, and although the place can get a little crowded and loud, it's a pretty romantic spot (although you won't be able to hear a thing your partner is saying).Overall, not bad, but definitely worse than I remembered. This was the place that made me love Indian food, and sadly I didn't experience the same thing this time. For truly outstanding Indian food, try Indian Taj in Jackson Heights!
I've been going to Seva for over a year, and somehow I've never written a review. Well, at long last, here it is:I love this place. The food is great. The service is very friendly and the wait staff are very attentive (even when my water glass needs to be refilled every 5 minutes - they're always there!). They recently upped their prices by a dollar or two, but it's still a good deal. Especially their weekend buffet brunch - $11 for all you can eat! Some of my favorites are the lamb spring roll, the samosas (veggie or chicken), the chicken tikka (tandori), chicken tikka masala, any saag, lamb rogan josh, green chili chicken, and vegetable curry. They used to have a baby eggplant dish that they recently took off their menu, which breaks my heart, but they have some other really good veggie dishes.Delicious mango lassi!Seva is a gem. Go try it!
Four of us went in on a Wednesday at about 7 PM to grab some dinner. We got in at the right time, 'cause not fifteen minutes later this place was packed. On a Wednesday? Really?Seva does this $13 prix fixe thing: starter, main, dessert. Pretty ridiculous deal, so we all went for it. I got a vegetable samosa to start, and it was pretty good. Definitely flavorful and not bland at all. We also got a starter of bok choy crisps, which were basically bok choy leaves coated in a red batter and deep fried. It was also really good, though I found it a bit gritty.For the main I got chicken tikka masala. I know it's boring, but I was using it as a baseline to compare against other places. And it was pretty solid. Good flavors, the sauce was rich and smooth, and the rice it came with was also good. Everyone else seemed pretty content with whatever they got; I tasted someone's lamb and it seemed to be fine. We also ordered some garlic naan which was extremely delicious. For dessert I got gulab jamun, basically a sweet dough in a sweet liquid. And that was, well, fine.Honestly for what we paid, it was pretty ridiculous. Our waiter and the kitchen were both clearly overloaded, but that's okay. Seems like people have been unhappy with their delivery, so I'd recommend going in and sitting down.
Best. Chicken. Tikka. Masala. Ever.... We are treated like family when we go here, and the service, food and feel of the place is cozy. Oh, and if you didn't know, they have an all you can eat on the weekends from 12-3, it is outrageous! You get to pretty much have a go at all the delicious vegetarian and meat options with basmati rice, unlimited naan and rice pudding to boot! This is a family favorite, been there dozens of times, each time it's wonderful.
I like seva but for me they are second to Gandhi.  Don't have much else to write about it.
The food here is great and they do a good job with takeout and delivery, but service in-house is awful. Staff was reluctant to sit us ("is your name on this list?" but "no we don't take reservations..."), and once we had our food they really rushed us through the meal. Our server asked my boyfriend at least five times whether he was finished. It's worth a visit for the food, but I'd recommend sticking with takeout. They don't seem to know quite how to handle the customer volume they get in the current small space.
Sunday night was surprisingly busy for Seva, came around 8:45pm & had to wait about 15 mins for them to rush a table out for me & my date.After reading the reviews I was under the impression that it was BYOB, HOWEVER, they actually do have a wine/beer list. I kind of felt like a jerk bringing in my own bottle but they didn't charge us a cork fee.They have a pre-fix menu for $13 which comes with an appetizer/entree/dessert. We had the Lamb Spring Roll which is surprisingly spicy but very tasty & the Butternut Squash Soup which has the texture of tomato soup but very flavorful; would recommend both.For entrees we had the Lamb Vindaloo & Apricot Lamb Curry. The vindaloo wasn't as spicy as they had warned us but definitely a win. The Apricot Lamb Curry just had half a apricot in it instead of flavoring the curry. I would pass on this dish next time. Both came with basmati rice. We also had a order of garlic nan which was very good.Dessert was the Kheer & the Gulab Jamun, don't get the Gulab! It was soaked in it honeyed syrup which is way too sweet. The Kheer was very good though, I love rice pudding.The bill came out to be less than $32 for an amazing meal. The prices are really cheap & the restaurant is pretty nice inside. Reason why I took off a star is because everything took a very long time. Sunday night the service was lacking, maybe they were backed up since I saw a lot of take out bags leaving the door. I also saw other customers ask about their meals so I knew I was not the only one having a problem. The meal took a little over an hour & a half but our wine made the wait bearable.
Freaking amazing! I haven't had Indian food this good for this cheap in a while! My only complaints were the bread-ish cracker thing (served when you arrive) that I always forget what its called was a little bland. Oh and they need to do something about that insanely slippery floor. As a man I pee standing up. Mid stream I was doing a split.
Cheap, quick, delicious food with BIG portions. Lunch special is the beeessst.
I like Seva and their delivery special.  I used to order from them quite regularly when I was addicted to the crabcake appetizer...until one day my order arrived and it was half the size.....literally.  Other than that, the food is good and when I want some Indian goodness, Seva it is........
this place is amazing!!! loooveeeeee itttttttchicken tiki masala butternut squash soup the bread  everything on the menu its good!!!!!!!!!good job!!!
Excellen Service and Food.  started off with some chichekn appetizer, which was cooked perfectly. for entree had the channa saag (chick peas and spinach curry), chicken tikki marsala. got both lil extra spicy and it was perfect for me. dessert just ehh didn't like it at all but just everything else was so great. 5 STARS!
I order from this place every other week and have to say the best indian restaurant within walking distance or delivery you could find in Astoria (other than five star diner in lic). Chana Saag is definitely one of my favorites from the all day delivery special.
Our go to Indian restaurant whenever the craving hits, and it happens often!  This restaurant is small but nicely decorated and the staff are super friendly and helpful.  We've never had a bad meal here and the prices are so reasonable for such good food!Hubs usually goes for the Prix Fixe  which I think is a great deal.  I don't get it though because I don't really like Indian desserts.  He loves the Chicken Samosas & Chicken Tikka Masala.  I prefer the Veggie options: Baghare Baigan, Aloo Gobi Matar or the Baigan Bhartha.  I especially love the Mulligatawny Soup. It warms the soul!  Oh and we always get a side of the Garlic Naan.  Rice is good and plentiful too.  I always have enough leftovers for the next day.Overall a great neighborhood restaurant!
I've been to a few Indian restaurants in Astoria, and find that Seva has the best food of all thus far!  I am a huge fan of chicken tikka masala, which is amazing here!  We also ordered the appetizer sampler and everything on the plate was very yummy!  The service is excellent as well, very friendly and attentive, which is most definitely a plus!
this place is awesome! If you've never tried Indian cuisine before, I highly suggest you do it here! Nice intimate environment, lovely decor. Waitstaff is very friendly and good with refilling your water. Their garlic naan is amazing, definitely an appetizer for the whole table. Samosas are delicious. Their entrees are delicious (mind you, I've had their chicken each and every way). Their chicken korma and chicken tikka masala are what everyone on here seems to rave about and I have to agree. The portion is very good for the price. Oh wait & that's the best part! Two people can get completely stuffed for under 25$. My kind of place!
We ordered delivery by phone and found the process well-organized and the food delicious. Just the right level of spice made it a pleasure to eat. I'm so glad my co-workers like Indian food!The Aloo Gobi Matar was tender, its sauce excellent. Some of my co-workers had tandoori dishes, which they described as satisfying.
Great sunday afternoon buffet, the food was not overcooked and close to fresh.  The service was great, my water glass was never empty!
One word: phenomenal. Ate there last night with my S.O. on his recommendation, and he wins again in the great eats department. First, this place is tiny, but don't let that throw you. Had the Mango Lassi, the Bok Choi blossoms (fried, spiced bok choi cabbage with yogurt dip), garlic naan and the Chicken Tandoori. It was all cooked and spiced to perfection, and I stuffed myself happily. Took the leftovers home and was extremely sad when they were gone this afternoon. Would go back a million times.
Every once in a while, I crave Indian food and my friend suggested this place because apparently it's the best Indian food in Astoria. I ordered the chicken korma because you can never go wrong with the c-kor. The chicken I got was extremely dry and it wasn't as spicy as I normally like it (I got it medium). I had my friends sag paneer which was great, so it makes me think that the chef must have had an off day. I will definitely give it another chance besides their naan was one of the best I've ever had :-)
I've tried Indian all over the world except India.  If it gets better than this please let me know.  The buffet on the weekends from 12 to 3 for $10 is a steal and consistant.  They always serve a spicy dish too which is rare for some reason with Indian Buffets.  During the week it's the regular menu, it's fantastic.  Try it, you won't be disappointed.
For a cold saturday night, seva is the perfect place to be.  Though the seating area is small, the place was warm and invitiing, with chill indian lounge music softly playing the background.Went with the $13.50 3-cours prix fixe, which was an unbelievable deal.  Butternut squash soup appetizer was warm, hearty, and delicous.  The fennel curry chicken (ordered medium) was hearty, rich, well seasoned, and the perfect balance of savory and spicy.The cilantro nan was cooked perfectly, and arrived still warm and bubbling.Definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for well prepared, clean, indian food in astoria
Excellent food, vegan entrees that are labeled vegan! The aloo gobi matar is delicious!! I like that you can order online on seamlessweb.com.Con: Slow delivery
My boyfriend and I went to Seva for the first time this week and loved it! The food was great, the service was amazing. The staff is so nice and friendly. I got the pre-fix with the crab cakes, chicken saag and rice pudding. My boyfriend got the garlic nan and chicken tikka masala. I loved the garlic nan (very garlic-y!) and the chicken tikka masala! They were so good. The chicken saag was too gingery for me but that's probably due to my personal taste preferences. Definitely can't wait to go back!
YUM! Had dinner here tonight.  GREAT service, delicious food!  The price was perfect, LOTS of food, everything was awesome! Will def be back again and again!
Seva is my most favorite Indian restaurant, bar none, Manhattan included.  I have yet to have better Chicken Biryani.  I love it so much it's all I order, despite how much I want to go back to other dishes!  Speaking of, I have had their their Chicken Saag and Chicken Korma (both are incredible).  For appetizers, I am obsessed with their Bok Choy Crispy Curls (my favorite thing on the menu!), the Lamb Spring Rolls (pretty good) and their Chicken Samosas (perfect!  so are the accompanying sauces).  As well, you can't beat their lunch and delivery specials.Service is always pleasant, speed is average.  Their food is always hot and fresh and they always ask you how spicy you want your dishes.  You can't go wrong with Seva and I highly, highly recommend it!
Best I have had in the area yet. Great portion, great prices. Tiny little place pumping out amazing dishes. Will definitely be going here and only here for my Indian fix going forward.
Damn good Indian food. Good bang for the buck (especially if you go with a prefix meal). They deliver. If you walk in, they'll take your name and # and call you when your table is ready. This is my go to Indian food spot.
Here's the thing. I've been there at least a dozen times in the past year - the guys know me there...I love this place.However, the past couple times I've been there, they have been OFFENSIVELY INCONSISTENT  in their spicing. Getting something "mild", "medium", or "spicy" can be exactly the same, or wildly divergent, depending on who did the cooking. Sometimes, "Spicy" is perfectly spicy, other times, it is almost impossible to eat, for the same exact dish. I've had medium dishes that has zero "spinciness" whatsoever, and other medium dishes that were severely spicy - as spicy as their most "spicy" dish.  Again, this place makes some great food, but they are so inconsistent in their spicing, that it makes it almost impossible to enjoy the food since you don't know what to order.Also, their food is very "one note". It's decent Indian food when they get it right, but I've found that most of their dishes have almost the same exact flavor profile.  Even while good, it gets old very very fast.
This place is great. It's tucked away on a corner on 30th ave, but their lunch menu is an excellent deal. Quite good Indian food.
Based on the awesome reviews here on Yelp, I went with my family all the way from Jersey City to this place for a very late Sunday lunch. I ordered the 3 course menu for two people which had some vegetable samosa, lamb spring roll, chicken tickka masala and lamb rogan josh and rasamalai along with some naan. the best dish among them was the naan and the lamb spring roll - The rest were really okay - Maybe I had high expectations because of the great review but the lamb rogan josh was really like a lamb curry and had no similarities to a rogan josh. The service was attentive and the people were friendly but the key ingredient food was okay. I would go with 3 stars for this place.
I LOVE Seva! Everything I have eaten here has been delicious. My go-to dish is their Chicken Tikka Masala- it's unbelievably good and the best I have in NYC all together. For a vegetarian dish, the Aloo Channa Paneer is really really good also. And their appetizer Samosas and the mango lassi drunks are amazing as well. OH and don't forget the nan- sooooo good. I have never had a bad experience with both dining in and having it delivered. If you are into Indian food, or even if you aren't and just looking to try something new and savory , definitely give Seva a shot.
A few weeks ago I may have given this place 3 stars because even when I ordered a meal "mild" it always came out incredibly spicy. My neighbors, who like spice, always said the same thing. After trying Namaste (strange service) and Ghandi (strange food)we decided to go back to Seva and I am glad we did. They must have tweaked their spices because this time everything was perfect. Lamb, samosas, chicken, naan... its all really rather tasty. I don't think you can go wrong now that they have a little competition to keep them on their toes. I also appreciate that they are great about keeping your water glass full. Excellent service. The photos around the room are cute and the ceiling lamps are so gorgeous I would put them in my apt if I could. Only two desert options and neither one blew me away. Honestly they don't really need dessert because you leave so full but it would give it a step up. +Decor+Service+Chicken Curry+Chicken Tikka Masala+Samosas+Naan-Dessert was just okay
Me and my date went here on the thursday after xmas 2013' around two o clock. we found parking across the street. we got a table immediately. service and hospitality was great. they smiled and explained the menu. food was fantastic. loved it! would come back again
This place has the best Indian food in the 5 boroughs hands down, Everything is great. The staff could not be nicer. Great prices. This place is a winner!!
This spot is much tastier eating in rather than ordering as take-out. The crispy chips & sauces served pre-meal hit the spot (but maybe it was b/c we were starving). The best thing about this place is the pre-fix menu -- apps/entree/dessert combo for only $13! Here's our take:Appetizers...Butternut Squash - thumbs up!Vegetable Samosa - pretty yummyLamb Spring Roll - eh, so/so (it was too meaty and oily)Entrees...Chicken Tike Masala - our fave entree from here so farAloo Gobi Matar - usually a favored dish elsewhere but could do without it hereSaag Paneer - pretty good but a little drier than expectedNaan - no complaints, great with our meal!Desserts...Gulab Jamun - yum!Kheer - pretty goodOverall a pleasant meal, but prefer Jackson Height's Indian Taj or Jackson Diner for our curry fix. Or even better, Rasoi in Newark, NJ. But definitely our fave Indian spot in Astoria, so we'll rate it 3.5 stars overall.
Had dinner here tonight and I felt that it's a great Indian restaurant, better than the low quality crap I've had in Jackson Heights.The $12 prix fixe dinner is a great deal.  There is a very nice variety of items to choose from and everything tasted really good.  I ordered the prix fixe and got a lamb spring roll, lamb vindaloo, and suji halwa for dessert.  My friend ordered a samosa, chicken korma, and a gulab jamun.All of the food was presented really well, served in traditional copper dishes, and tasted great. I found the korma a little bit bland and although I asked for my vindaloo to be spicy it was more Americanized spicy rather than truly hot, as the dish is supposed to be.  However, the food was well prepared and presented, unlike a lot of places I've been to in Jackson Heights.  Portions were not the biggest, but it was the perfect amount of food for me.  I do wish they had given my friend two gulab jamuns instead of just one, but she didn't seem to mind too much.The best part about our meal were the desserts - my friend ate her gulab jamun in about two bites and I had a hard time holding back from swallowing my suji halwa whole.I also really liked the ambiance - the restaurant was tastefully decorated with really cool Indian contemporary art sketches and pleasing colors.My main complaint about this place was the slow service.  However, the staff was very good natured and friendly.  I'd recommend not going here if you are in a big hurry - it's best for a long, leisurely meal while chatting with friends.Great value, good food, and friendly service = me definitely coming back here again.Notes: Credit cards are accepted but no alcohol is served here.
I want to like Seva.  In fact, I want to love Seva.  I'm just not sure that I can.  I've been here a few times (each time for take-out), and have at each visit tried something new.  Each dish I've had was decent, at best.I will give this place props for its somewhat inventive menu.  Bok Choy Crispy Curls, Lamb Spring Rolls, and Shrimp with tamarind, ginger and cilantro are all interesting, welcome ideas.  The problem is just that they aren't executed as well as they could be.  Due to the creative menu, I will keep going back until I find something I really enjoy.  Bottom line:  I can't seem to find excellent Indian in Astoria, and this place is unfortunately not an exception.
This review is based just off of the food, as I've only ordered delivery from here. So I'll just break it down by what I've ordered:Lamb Rogan Josh: I've never had this dish anywhere else, but it was pretty good! It had a nice, flavorful spice to it, but it didn't make my tongue burst into flames. Lamb was cooked nicely.Chicken Tikka Masala: Meh. The meat was a little dry both times I've ordered this, and the sauce is just kind of blah. There's just not very much flavor.Naan/Roti: I've had plain, garlic, and cheese naan from here, and the roti. The plain naan is fine - kind of hard to mess that up! The garlic and cheese I'm not a fan of, though. They just have pieces of garlic or cheese sprinkled on top, instead of baked into the actual bread. The roti was a little crispy for me, but tasted okay.Chicken Samosas: This is my favorite thing I've ordered from here! Delicious, spiced chicken inside a perfectly crispy shell, served with mint and tamarind chutneys.Chana Masala: This was disappointing. The sauce was basically non-existant, and the chickpeas didn't even seem to be completely cooked. It wasn't flavorful at all. I feel like I could have just opened up a can of chickpeas and dipped some naan in them for the same effect.Chicken Biryani: Another meh dish. The chicken and rice were cooked nicely, and the raita that came with it was good, but it wasn't amazing. Just okay.Mango Lassi: Another thing that's hard to mess up. Refreshing and very tasty, but a little watery for my taste.This place is just okay. I'm kind of snobby about Indian food, since I work in an Indian restaurant, but after ordering delivery from here five times, I think I won't be ordering again. The prices are reasonable and they have a great delivery special (an appetizer, entrée, rice, and dessert for $13.50), but it's just too bland for my taste.
I know this is slightly ghetto of me, but I feel like when I order indian food it should do me for 2 full meals. Seva, thank you for making that extrmely easy for me. Unfortunately you couldnt stop my fat boyfriend from eating my leftover, but the vindaloo was too spicy for him (no matter how cool he thinks he is). Without having to really think about it, this is easily going to be my go-to indian joint in the hood. Tikka masala was absolutely delicious. Make sure to ask for some naan. Also both soups are delicious..
I adore this restaurant.  It's properly truly deliciously *spicy*, very fresh, and well-priced.  Best saag paneer (with fresh house-made paneer!) in NYC.  I eat here at least once a week.
I've been here for the pre-fixe dinner menu, and also the weekend unlimited brunch, and both were fantastic and an amazing bargain for the price. The staff is always so nice, and the food is just delicious. The only downside to the place is the size, it fills up quickly on Friday and Saturday nights. Go for the brunch instead, you won't need to eat again for the rest of the day!
There isn't anything not to love about Seva. Hands down, best Indian food in Astoria, but also one of the best in New York. The Butternut Squash Soup ($3) keeps me coming back, plus they have the friendliest staff on the planet.
This is definitely my favorite Indian joint in the city! I first came here for dinner until I discovered their rockin' weekday lunch specials! For $7.95 you get a soup+entree+basmati rice? Are you kidding me?! I was initially skeptical about how big the portions for the special would be, but they were pretty much the same size as the dinner portions! I will be doing lunch here as much s possible. At some point, I intend to check out the weekend buffet too, although I sometimes get disappointed by Indian buffets as they water down the spiciness to fit the LCD pallet. Will give it a chance, though.
Our go-to neighborhood joint for Indian.  They have a great delivery special deal (appetizer + entree + rice + dessert), which is hard to resist ordering, even if we don't love their appetizers or desserts.  We generally stick to saag paneer, chicken tikka masala (which they'll make actually spicy), and garlic naan.  I can't say it's the best Indian I've ever had, but it's dependable and the best we've found in Astoria.
FRESH.  reasonably priced.  Great food.  Loved the Garlic Naan.  Excellent Indian.  I will have to be a regular here.
Love it!!! So grateful to have it nearby. So good, all the time!Chicken Tika Masala is delish
Came here with a friend and did the three course pre-fixe for $13.50. Definitely was not let down! I started off with the lamb spring roll, my girlfriend had the butternut squash soup. Both were delicious, amazing flavors and spices. We both had ordered the chicken tikka masala and rice pudding for desert. Chicken tikka was very good and WAY more than enough portions for the price! Can't beat it. Will definitely be making another stop here.
Great Indian food at a good price.  Very friendly staff, and the owner is fantastic.  He goes out of his way to explain why dishes are on the menu, what part of India they originate, etc...I've been going here pretty steady for about 1 1/2 years.
The $12 delivery special was enough to feed me and my girlfriend for dinner. And lunch the next day.We didn't have to wait long for the delivery, and everything was hot. The Mulligatawny soup was delicious when hot, but kind of gross when cold the next day.The rice was your standard Indian rice. Naan ($2 more) was warm and tasty. The chicken tikki masala had just the right amount of spice. We ordered that medium. The dessert (the balls) were kind of like soggy graham crackers. One was firmer than the other.It was a great filling meal, but I didn't really need the dessert. But since the special basically pays you to eat it, I'll take it.
Dine-in or take-out, Seva is a great stop for Indian food.  The staff is quick to please, the prixe-fixe menu is affordable, and the food is delicious......but man is their kitchen slow.  It hasn't stopped us in the past, and we'll definitely go again (and again), just don't make the mistake of going there when you're starving.  Expect a good 15 minute wait for your meal.
great prix fix dinner. what is super special was the lamb spring rolls and the masala crabcakes. my boyfriend particularly enjoyed the lamb almond curry. i always enjoy the chicken tikka masala. the flavored naan was nice too -- there were sweet and savory flavors but we just got the garlic naan!
Excellent food. Excellent service. It consider the cost to be cheap. I think the dishes are $10-12 opposed to $15 in most Indian restaurants unless you are going to LES.  The restaurant is smaller than I thought it would be. It's quite cozy. We got lamb vindaloo, Spanish saag and chicken tikka masala. And garlic naan, mango lassi. The best Indian place, a ton better than in Jackson heights. I grew up in Elmhurst and never had a great experience with Indian food in Jackson heights. M
BEST PAPADOM EVER!!  Perfectly crisp, dense, yet still light, and flavorful.  This lets you know you're about to have a great meal!Great Indian food for cheap!!The mulligatawny was delicious and, wow, what a large bowl for 3 bucks!The soy mirch masala is GREAT!!  The soy chunks have a wonderful shape, texture, and bite to them.  They soak up the delicious masala giving you a big punch of flavor when you bite into them.The chana masala was perfect.  I ordered it spicy and WOW was it spicy!!  Enough to make me order a second mango lassi to cool down my mouth!Who says you can't get good indian food for cheap??
YUM. This is genuine Indian food, not commercialized. Went here for a friends birthday, had the lamb spring roll,veggie samosa, and masala crab cake, chicken vindaloo,chicken tikka, and the lamb saag with garlic naan. Everything was delicious, the crab cake was forgettable. The naan is pricey, but that's pretty much the average anywhere you go now. Staff was warm and friendly, they really try hard to please every patron. Would return!
There were a lot of Talvin Singh-y tala matrix era ethno-breaks going on over the speakers when I walked into Seva. It's not indicative of the quality of the food - which is excellent - or the service, which is attentive to a fault. It's indicative that a lot of Talvin Singh-y, "one world" hippie beats will be bouncing about while you eat.The vindaloo was requested spicy and came as such. It was also delicious and hot without being too heavily acidic or overloaded with vinegar.I don't know how "authentic" the cuisine is, but I would not hesitate to return. No booze, however, so if you have a hankering for those odd Indian lagers, you should go elsewhere.
Seva is one of our favorite restaurants.  We eat here once every 2 or 3 weeks. Buffet, dine-in or take-out, we always have an enjoyable experience and delicious food.  Whenever we try a new restaurant and its not up to par, afterwards we always say "shoulda gone to Seva".  I'm glad Seva is in our neighborhood! Jia1 you2!
I went here once for Indian food and LOVED IT! The food was large and inexpensive AND they provided rice for each of us! I would highly suggest this place for a delicious meal and a nice atmosphere.
Delicious food. Great service. Small, clean, stylish dining area.
This is really excellent Indian food!!! You can also order the fixed menu for 14$ to get an appetizer, an entree with rice, and a rice pudding dessert. I had the butternut squash soup, which was spicy and flavorful. I also ate the saag paneer, which was medium spicy and one of the best spinach paneer dishes I have had. My boyfriend had the lamb rogan josh which was also tasty. I would highly recommend this restaurant. It is small and intimate, and the service is friendly.
This is the first place I've tried Aloo paneer delicious. Love it. The rice...it bothers me for some reason. It's too dry for me. It is perfect, however, for mopping up all sorts of sauces and gravies. They have a good deal for $12 - apps, main, rice, dessert. Their Naan is some of the best wheat-related product I have ever put into my tummy. The reason this place gets three stars and not four? The delivery the past few times has taken FOREVER. As in, over an hour. Sigh.  But it's delicious, so I'll keep coming back.
Best Indian food I've ever had! I think the only place better would be in actual India. But, I've tried all the popular Indian places in the city and nothing's better than Seva.Service is awesome, people that work here are so sweet and are always around. Prices can't get cheaper, prix fix is less than $15, and that's for dinner!The flavors are just so delicious, you can taste every flavor in every dish. And lamb spring rolls are a must, I've never had more amazing spring rolls anywhere else.Place is kinda small and gets crowded during dinner, so get here earlier or make reservations. But even when we have to wait, every waiting minute is worth it. Don't come here if you can't eat real Indian food with real flavor and spices. If you're a chain restaurant person, then this place isn't for you, it's very authentic and rich in flavor.
Other than the deathly slow service...the food here is AMAZING.It's a BYOB spot.  The restaurant itself is really cute and comfortable.I always order the chicken vindaloo.  It's soooooo spicey and good!!!  Also, the garlic naan and cilantro naan are amazing.I've tried the spinach dish...not a big fan of spinach mixed w/ chick peas.The vegetable samosa and crab cake appetizers are very tasty too.I don't like any of their desserts and I've tried all of them.  I think I just don't like Indian desserts.food is good and price is def. right.
Don't order through their website, it's broken and they messed up my order. This review is not for the food, which is good.
We had been going to nearby Ghandi for a long time, but ever since finding Seva, I'll never go back. It's a mix of both traditional and modern takes on Indian food that has yet to disappoint me. Favorites are their Chicken Tikka Masala and their Lamb Spring Rolls, but everything else is quite good too. Their prices are very affordable (especially their lunch and dinner specials) and the waitstaff has always been great. The only drawback is that sometimes during especially busy delivery times the food can take quite some time to get there, and the phone service can be a bit abrupt. However, with the exception of maybe two highly frustrating times, it has always run pretty smoothly for us.
DEEElicious. Quick delivery AND you can order online.
Nice ambience, excellent food. I ordered green chili chicken - medium and it was pretty spicy ( although I consider myself a chili lover). Top it with plain nan- fantastic! My friends had the chicken tikka masala, it was a little too tomato-ly to my liking, otherwise it is okay. The chicken saag had less gravy. The dryness don't really go with dipping into. I would say my green chili dish was the best. The mango yogurt drink was also unique, worth a try. Overall, good experience and I will definitely come back again.
Seva is the dopeness. I love their dinner special and their buffet is pretty ballin' too. I am still a little partial to some of the places out in Jackson Heights, but I have to commend Seva on their quality of food and service. The staff is so friendly, and the food is really quite good. It's also around the corner from my apartment, so you know I'm hitting Seva up on the reg.
Crappy service!  Called about my delivery order and she had the balls to say it's not ready!  It's been f'ing 45mins!!!
Seeing as there are two Indian Choices on 30th Ave., choose this one. Nice atmosphere, slowly being taken over by the hipster variety... but thats ok, Seva delivers. Good lunch specials ($7) and same for dinner ($12) with a pretty nice selection on the menu, including some vegetarian options that are clearly marked. The quality, consistency and portion size have all  varied over time here. Usually though, you'll get a decent meal. Service is a bit slow, be sure to have some time when you dine in.
Went here with a Meetup group of about 10 people, and all of us loved it. We went for Saturday lunch, which had a special of $10.95 for the buffet. Everything was great. And a number of people in the group had been previously - for lunch or for dinner - so I got to hear through their stories how this visit compared to others. I think the only downside is that it's a fairly small restaurant, so if you're coming with a large group, call ahead.
I regularly order from Seva for dinner, either by walking over and ordering to go or having it delivered.  On two occasions I've sat down for lunch, and once for dinner.  The food is excellent, and they've got a menu that lays it all out for you whether you're focusing on meat or vegetarian options.  Once I asked for them to make a special entree - butter chicken since I was craving it after having visited New Delhi.  Delicious!  Why is this not on the menu all the time?  Can't go wrong with everything else though, especially considering how much food you end up with.  Always order nan.
Um... yeah.  go here.  It's good and you won't be disappointed.  That is, unless you hate getting great Indian food for pretty damn cheap.  They have the prix fixe special which is da bomb!  I have tried various combos and they are all good!!  And the garlic naan is so good I just want to rub it all over my face.Very very nice little space and ambiance - definitely someplace you can go for a romantic dinner if you're into that sort of thing.  I mean curry breath isn't the best thing ever after a date, but whatever.
I decided to give seva the credit it deserves. My favorite dishes r chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, chicken saag, and baigan bharta. Why the 5 stars? Consistency, taste and quality of products. Enough said.
Oh my god. Just wow. That's all you need to know. And get the bok choy appetizer.
Ordered the chicken tikka masala and hated it. It was very dry. The nann bread was great.  After I ate this food I got very nauseous and felt like vomiting.  I will not go back again.  I wish it tasted better since its so close to my home. :(
As far as I can tell, this is the best Indian in Astoria. Which isn't saying much, but Seva is still pretty good regardless. Thank heavens they opened when they did.Really, I'm still kinda shocked at the dearth of good Indian here in Astoria. What the hell, Astoria? I get bored of alternating Seva with the steam tray at Roti Boti!Anyway, to sum up. Yay for Seva! And yay for their delivery special!
I recommend you order directly via phone as the online system caused a big mishap when we received a meat dish that was supposed to be vegetarian. (my guest was famished so it was not pretty!)Thankfully, They were very nice to fix the order and re-delivered the proper dish.I personally love meats so I was in total heaven with the delicious, very spicy chicken tiki masala! I reordered tonight! Yum! Love the food!
This place is delicious everytime. The veg samosa are spicy but great.
I know I gave this place a 3 star but if I want Indian food in Astoria, I'd definitely go here. I just don't think it's all that great...just OK.Lunch special is a great deal though. Veg samosa or mulligatawny soup plus entree and rice for $7. I just wish they had saag paneer as one of the choices. Chicken tikka masala is ok. I don't know what it is about this place but something is missing in their food. I think it's less greasy than the more authentic places I've tried. It's a good thing I guess.
Very good Indian food and a good price on the weekend buffet! Get a mango lassi while you're at it. They're delicious!!
This review is soley based on the food which i ordered for delivery because i unfortunatly have not had the chance to go to the restaurant and eat in. I actually order from Seva quite frequently. Last time  I ordered the deliverey special which firstly, is huge portions and secondly was delicious! It's $13.50 for an appetizer, Entree, and desert. I ordered  Butternut squash soup, Chicken Tikka Masala, and a Mango Lassi and patiently waited for my food to arrive. It is definitly the best Indian food i have had in the area and i cant wait to visit and eat in some day.
Seva is drool worthy.  I hesitate recommending their online delivery special = appetizer, entree, basmati rice and dessert because there are a couple of glitches with their system:1. You have to create a user account which really sucks when you're stupid hungry.2. The form requires you to submit an address even if you select Pick-Up....which, for us,  proved problematic.  When we arrived at Seva, our awesome smorgasbord was not on the premises but instead with the delivery boy.  Not so bad if you live around the corner, but our joint is over the river and through the woods....so going back to retrieve our food from the delivery boy and eating our food cold was not an option.  I minused 2 stars because the manager was incompetent, blamed us for his faulty online system and wanted us to figure out a solution for their mistake.  The food was really amazing but don't be a hero, let the delivery boy do his thing...there's nothing wrong with being a fat lazy ass.
Fantastic!!! Some of the best Indian I've ever had.  Only thing is... If u like spicy food your in for a surprise and you'll feel it for days.
Seva is delicious Indian food, best in Astoria for sure. The place itself is right off the corner of 30th ave and 34th st next to Sweet Afton, its small and you can see the entire dining area through the window on the street. They only have 15 or so tables and ive never seen the place less than half full during meal times, this one is worth the wait if your craving indian food. Being a small place you are blasted with smells of curry and spices from before you get into the restaurant, this can be a pro or con depending on your prefence. Ive eaten here 4 times, chicken tikki masala as others have said is outstanding, same with the Korma and lamb Saag. Now this is my favorite indian resturant but keep in mind ive only eaten at 4 or 5 others so I am not a true expert, def best in Astoria though. Prices are also super reasonable for the high quality, they probably could take this same food and put it in a bigger much fancier place and charge 20% more without an issue.  I had delivery once, showed up pretty quick and of course was tasty. If im going for Indian I dont see any need to try anywhere else.
Amazinggggggggg on all fronts, my favorite is chicken korma, however I find the lamb bit too tough, so I stick with the chicken. And when they say spicy its freaking gona burn your mouth, but stiiiiiill good.
Not sure if it's my favorite Indian restaurant but for Astoria it definitely is.I have only ordered this via delivery and the service has always been prompt.The food is delicious.  The portions are huge (I think too much in portions) the price is very reasonable especially for the amount that you get.Bottom line if you are in the mood for Indian in Astoria, go here.
my favorite indian food in astoria. they have a great pre-fixe dinner special. For $13.50 you get an appetizer, entree, rice and a dessert... can you say steal. and the food is amazing and authentic indian. they also have three different indian beers that are so delish and go so well with their menu. also a must try... the COCONUT NAAN!! you can not find this everywhere and it is soooo GOOD!
I've ordered pick-up from here quite a few times.  Very yummy chicken tikka masala and  mango lassi.  The rice has always been excellent as well.  Ordering the lunch or dinner special is the way to go; so much food and very cheap!  The naan is overpriced and kind of bland and the paratha is only marginally better.
I would give this place 5 stars because the food is absolutely amazing. I took off one star because the service is so so. I always get the bok choy blossom appetizer. Today I got the Marsala crab cakes and the sample platter (vegetable samosas, chicken samosa, pakora, and lamb spring roll). My boyfriend got the lamb korma and a friend ordered the Navraton Korma... we inhaled our food! Oh and did I mention how amazing the coconut naan is?! This place is straight up slammin' but just a lil difficult to communicate with the waiters because they don't speak english very well.
Seva is this Astoria local's favorite place to go for Indian. And it's for many reasons, all of which seem to culminate in the notion that Seva is just the bee's knees.I'll give a quick rundown of why. A) The service is friendly and fast. It's usually pretty slow until 8ish, and I've never had to wait for a table. The waitstaff is very generous; some other reviewers commented on poor food (which I've never experienced), but I wonder why they didn't inform the staff? I suspect the staff would have brought them something different. B) The food in my experience, while not outstanding, is constantly of good quality, and this is after about 5 times at the restaurant. You might be able to find slightly better quality food at a different Indian joint in the neighborhood, but no where else has the staff been so friendly, and the prices so cheap. C) The place is a BYOB, which makes it an instant favorite. 31st/30th Ave has an outstanding wine store. Go grab a bottle, and bring it to Seva; you won't even have to pay a cork fee. D) The place is pretty cheap. The prix-fixe is $12.50, and comes with appetizer, entree, and desert. There are two vegan entrees clearly denoted.Try it out. It might not be the best in any one area, but it's got charm among many other things going for it.
I'm giving this place 3 stars because I got food poisoning from here once.  And the fact that I'm still giving 3 stars after that experience tells you how good the food is (except when you're up all night vomiting).  Though to be honest, I haven't had Indian food since that incident... I'll recover sooner or later.Anyway, their delivery specials are pretty awesome!  Indian food is a little more pricey in general (I guess because of all the spices that are required and whatnot), but this place keeps it decent.  $13.50 for an appetizer, an entree, and dessert?  That's a sweet bargain, especially when there's no way you'll be able to eat all of that in one sitting (well... at least I can't).  The food itself is really tasty, too.  This is the best Indian place I've been to in Astoria.
after reading the reviews, went there last night for dinner (pick up). Ordered lamb spring rolls, masala crab cakes, and Aloo Gobi.  The food was pretty good. I wouldnt order the lamb spring rolls again b/c the grease dripped through the paper bag and id rather save the calories for something else.  My bf liked the crab cakes alot but i thought it was a little dry. I liked the seasoning though. The aloo Gobi was good.oh the mango lassi was good too.  Not my fav indian restaurant though.btw, they dont take american express, or discover card.
Really good cheap Indian food.  I salivate just thinking about them.
This place is a delight. The food is delicious, and the staff is so, so nice. I go here a lot and am always treated kindly by the manager. I've only ever ordered from the vegetarian specialties, but I've had all of them and would recommend any one to someone who already loves Indian food or is just trying it out. I always start with the pakora - it's fantastic. This is one of my favorite places in the neighborhood!
So delicious. The smells wafting out the front door make me want to float like Pepe L'Pew.
We've been ordering from Seva since it opened and love(d) it.  Only actually eaten inside a handful of times, but I can't count the number of delivery specials ordered.  Unfortunately, the last two times, our orders have been quite wrong.  In total, we've had a couple of forgotten entrees, appetizers, and this last time, no naan.  It's going to be a while before we try again.
Awesome! I went there for the lunch buffet and was quite satisfied. Everything was good, especially the chicken tikka masala and the naan. The service was friendly, too.
The lunch special is great. $7.50 for soup and entree with basmati rice. Ordered a delicious onion naan and got stuffed. The food is easily better than Jackson Diner and the service is very friendly and attentive. The Mullagatawny soup was wonderful and the Chicken Tikka Masala was perfect.  All white meat chicken, tender and juicy.  I love this place.
Bottom line-- Really good Indian Food, really good prices.  Good sized portions, attentive, polite service, oh and there is really good Indian food...for really good prices.  I'd recommend the place, but I don't want you to take my table.
This place for sure is the best Indian food in Astoria, and some of the best I've had in general. Melt-in-your mouth garlic naan, delicious vegetarian dishes, and a suuuper tasty masala. Very well-spiced food. Not to mention their service is unbelievably good. I accidentally picked up the wrong order when I picked up my food once...they called me up and notified me that they'd be delivering me the right order at no extra charge. It's always heartening to see a truly excellent business thriving. They have a loyal customer in me...and you should become one too!!
I wouldn't say that it's the best Indian food I've ever eaten, but it's still pretty damn good and I've returned several times. Staff is incredibly friendly and offer good service. Saag paneer and lamb spring rolls are probably my favorite items.
Decent northern Indian food. Modern atmosphere. Psst staff: Nix the incense!I went for lunch with four people and wasn't that hungry, so I got butternut squash soup ($3) and one of the best sweet mango lassis ($3) I've ever had. "Thick orange liquid lunch," times two, for six bucks.Two people had the lunch special ($7): vegetable samosa or mulligatawny soup (good, though thin), and a choice of entrée with basmati. I know one person got chicken tikka and the other got a lamb dish (korma?), though there's no lamb listed on the takeout menu that I brought home.
After frequenting my same Indian restaurant for years I happen to be driving by Seva tonight and decided to give it a try after reading other Yelp reviews. They couldn't have been more right about this place, SPOT ON! Everything I ordered (the pre fixe menu is a fabulous way to go for only $13.95) was flavorful and delicious.  Saag paneer was delicious with just enough spice and the cheese had a wonderful texture. Chicken Tikka Masala was creamy and the chicken was moist. Lamb Vindaloo was SPICY but really good. I will definitely be going back again!!!!!!
You can order out from this place.  I never would have ordered Indian in Astoria.  The $11 delivery specis is quite good and filling.Of the lot that we've had (chicken tikka masal, chana saag, chicken korma, and saag paneer), the chicken tikka masala was outstanding.
Was very excited to come to this place after reading the incredible reviews. This place was simply fantastic. The food was incredible. So authentic and plentiful. First time in a while I have had to bring Indian leftovers home! Got the chicken vindaloo extra spicy and it definitely forced me to put up a fight. Got the lamb spring rolls to start and those weren't kidding around either. I am going to ignore the fact that the service was slow and assume it was a fluke. I can't wait for this to be my new Indian go-to!
I've stopped ordering from Seva, more or less. The spice combinations have changed, and so has the cost of take-out--neither for the better. :( If you're out in the area with a group and you want Indian food, I think it's a great place to have a nice meal--all the more so because Sweet Afton is next door; the two establishments pair quite well for dinner and after-dinner drinks. I still think this is perfectly acceptable Indian, and I'm glad they're still doing such brisk business. But I don't find myself craving Seva anymore, particularly not as our options up and down 30th Avenue continue to expand. This used to be the first place I suggested when we wanted delivery, and now it's sixth or seventh on the list, due to increasing costs and decreasing tastiness.
I have been coming here for years with my sister and friends way back when they were BYOB.  The food is delicious, the place is clean, the beer is cold and the prices are great.  I live too far for the delivery but my sister orders from them constantly.This is the only place I go for Indian.   I have ordered ala carte and done the AYCE - either way, you can't go wrong.  It just depends what you are in the mood for and the time you are going.The sampler platter along with the bok choy appetizer are a perfect fit for 3-4 people to start.  The Chicken Korma is entree my favorite.The staff is very friendly and the place is clean.  Time for another visit as I am getting hungry just thinking about it :)
Lamb spring rolls are a must! Ordered from here a few times on seamless web and are always fast for delivery. Just wish the chicken korma was better, kind of dry with a watery sauce.
I ordered delivery from them tonight. I went with the popular Delivery Special and chose the Vegetable Samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala (Medium) and Kheer for the dessert. I also got a Garlic Naan on the side. Delivery took what seemed like a normal time (~30 mins). By some of the accounts here this seems like a shorter than normal time for them. However, the food was not hot, especially the samosas. It was still warm but certainly not hot and that was disappointing.As mentioned, the samosas were not hot anymore and that made them slightly unappetizing. The real let down was the accompanying chutneys. It of course came with the requisite mint and plum chutneys. I had a laugh when I looked at the mint chutney and saw about "||" this much in the cup. The plum chutney on the other hand was full to overflowing. Both were watery and bland. There was a slight hint of spice in the samosas but nothing to thrill the tastebuds.Moving on to the Tikka Masala, the first thing I noticed was how spicy it was (which was a good thing). Having chosen medium spiciness, I was expecting a fairly mild heat but was pleasantly surprised when I felt the heat within the first few bites. Their medium is most restaurants' hot, maybe even past that! When I first opened the container I thought it seemed a bit oily. Perhaps just a little too much ghee. Also throughout the meal I noticed a slightly-unpleasant grittiness to the masala. I'm not sure if this could be attributed to unincorporated powder or other ingredients or uncleanliness of the cooking utensils.The Kheer was just okay. Nothing extraordinary and not inedible either. The garlic naan was great - light and fluffy with plenty of garlic evenly distributed. Overall I was expecting a little more but the level of spice was a pleasant surprise. I will try some of the other dishes next time to get a better feel for the place.
Good buffet spot in Astoria. Cozy little place. Not the best place for a desi family or veterans of Indian/food. Good for a quick lunch buffet.
While I don't dine out at many Indian restaurants, I think Seva fit the bill of what a good Indian restaurant should be. The servers are always on point with the water and seeing how you're doing. The food was also very good and fairly priced. - Garlic Naan was bursting with Garlic. Very fresh, toasted to perfection.  - Shrimp Tiki masala was pretty on point. Best I ever had? Not quite but still quite delicious. - Chicken Briyani was just okay. Wasn't too impressed but definitely flavorful. Perhaps I was spoiled by the version my former colleague cooked.
You can't be a soccer (football) goalie if you can't Seva penalty. And you can't become religiously enlightened until you Seva light. And if you want to sleep with Simon LeBon, don't Seva prayer for him now. Seva til the morning after. And if you're wondering which NYC-area Yelper that is not Elite, should be Elite, more than any other, the answer i Seva.What to get: Chicken Tikka MasalaWhat else: Why were there only one set of footprints in the sand in my hour of need, I said to Shiva?Because, my child, when you were hungry, I curried you. The footprints you saw were Priya's. She was running in and out of the kitchen making sure the rice didn't burn you stupid moron.If you want to get rid of all your body hair (like I do) then you need a Shaver. But if you want an amazing curry, get a Seva instead.This is some of the best British-Indian food anywhere in the USA. It's one of the most delicious Chicken Tikka Masalas I have ever eaten, including all the ones in England. It's a dish that was invented by immigrants to England from India and Pakistan, which were regrettably colonized by the bastards, I mean the British. I apologize. But thanks for the amazing food and I hope you're at least enjoying the cricket and the Vimto.Anyway it's enough to make me Seva my ties with the Brits forever. Like the Scots wanted to do. But then didn't.I have to thank all of the Yelpers including several friends such as Jando and Stephanie, Kevin and Carissa, Theresia and Ken. You guys wrote 5 star stellar reviews so I followed your advice and got the CTM. I usually don't order Chicken Tikka Masala (too bland for me) but all of you raved about it to the degree that I had no choice. My goodness, it's right up there with the version at India On Wheels in Pittsburgh and Hyderabadi over in Flushing. It's utterly incredible.Don't go in the kitchen though. These people are cannibals. In their storage closets, you'll find a bunch of Seva'd heads. But I'm okay with that.I recommend coming here at lunch time for the special. Portions are still huge and you can get a CTM (or any one of a number of other curries) for under $10. It's nice inside but extremely crowded (welcome to Astoria!) so I usually get it to go, although eating this food in the car is extraordinarily treacherous.By the way you should check out what's in my pants. I have Seva and a half inches right here. Now back to the review.Easily some of the best Indian food I've *ever* eaten in the US. Bear in mind that if you're familiar with *real* Indian food (such as in Jackson Heights, or if you're actually Indian), this might not be your cup of tea. It's the kind of British Indian food that the UK is famous for, which was invented by Indians but aimed at the Brits. For some reason most of the USA has "americanized Indian food" which I find to be incredibly bland and awful and lacking in flavour. British Indian on the other hand rocks my world and drives me crazy and may actually be my favourite cuisine *in the world* maybe, possibly. It's that good.Whether you like it depends on which Seva you like. Do you like Seva from NYC Yelp, or Seva Mendes? Seva Herzegova or Seva Braun (ew, that's kind of wrong). Seva Peron or Seva Longoria? Or perhaps Seva Angelina (before she shaved all her hair off, and without the glasses)? Anyway, Mendes, Herzegova, Longoria, Angelina and especially the girl from Yelp are filling my head and getting me a bit hot and bothered, so I have to go. (Secretly thinking about Eva Braun. Omg I'm almost there. Don't stop. Imagining her with a moustache. Nein! Nein! NEINNNNNNN!)So come here and try the Chicken Tikka Masala for yourself, and fall in love with it the way I fell in love with Eva Braun. I mean Longoria. Never mind.Just make sure you Seva bit for me. And Seva bit for Simon LeBon too. After all, he wrote this song for you. "Seva Prayer"youtube.com/watch?v=6Uxc…You saw me standing by the wall, somewhere in AstoriaAnd the lights are flashing off your silver to-go containerAll alone ain't much fun so you're looking to share your Chicken Tikka MasalaAnd you know just how it tastes when you swallowDon't Seva prayer for me nowSeva til the morning after,  noDon't Seva eat it all nowSeva bit til the morning after
This is hands down the best Indian spot in all of Astoria. I've never had a single negative dining experience and we've been coming here for almost 2 years.
Seva can be amazing, sadly not every time, but most of the time. They feature a decent array of vegan options which are delicious, usually. Now I saw usually because 1 out of every 4 times the food is good but not great. I'm not sure if there are two chefs or what it is but there's a significant difference between dishes at times. I've even had it happen on two of the same entree ordered at the same time- even the color was different.The Samosa's are fantastic, the Aloo Gobi is delicious, the Chana Masala is phenomenal on the right day, and the Mulligatawny soup is incredible and the best I've had anywhere when it's not overly salty, which too has happened a few times.Overall I love this place and eat there about once a week! The staff is quite friendly and the space is small, but comfortable.
GREAT PLACE! Food - 5 servers - 5 ambiance - 4.5 a lil tight.
Great cosy little indian spot.  Food is spicy and on-point. It is crowded so hard to get a seat sometimes. You can smell this place walking down the street and you know it's delicious.
I love reviews that start with "I'm an Indian & I have every right to judge how good an Indian restaurant is because of that..."Skip to the bottom for the brief review. This place is comfort food when I think of Indian food. It's done just right. There are no frills about it. They don't usually mess up, but from the countless experiences I've had with them, they're ALWAYS insanely polite and try to fix their errors immediately. Yeah it's annoying if your really hangry and waiting a long time for food, and even get the wrong order after that, but they fix it & try to do it as quickly as possible. The restaurant is small. It seats about 25-30 packed. And it's not spacious enough to seat large groups unless you make reservations ahead of time, which I'm not actually sure if they accept. This restaurant does get busy fairly quickly and for that reason I don't see why they get nicked for "poor service" because the employees here are awesome. Small. No frills comforting Indian food. Awesome flavors. Great employees & customer service. It's worth the 20-30minute trek from the city, but definitely a game changer if you're already in the area.
Have had positive experiences with Seva take out but was bummed by their weekend buffet lunch. As a person who can't eat large amounts at a time, I got a reasonable plate but found myself barely able to touch it (chugged too much water). They wouldn't let me take it home, which I get, but for a $14 meal, taking ten bites was not worth it. The staff also kept asking me to buy drinks. The experience made me uncomfortable overall. They'd rather waste food than let you enjoy.
This place has it all. First you get the puffy bread/Nan to start the meal and they are light and crispy. Next I got the sampler  appetizer which included a lamb spring roll, two different types of samosas, and vegetable  pakoras. All where well  seasoned and full of flavor. Next was the butternut squash soup which was thick and savory with fresh spices abounding throughout the soup. Finally the main course, I had chicken  vindaloo that set my mouth ablaze with heat and taste. The potatoes were cooked to perfection  and the chili peppers they used was flavorful and not bitter. If in astoria you gotta give this place a go and your water glass will never go below half full. Guaranteed.
Big fan of this as the most authentic flavor rich and actually properly spiced Indian food that I've found in the city. Finally we have found a spot to get our curry fix that make the food spicy enough !!Everything that we have had has been fantastic, especially the Vindaloo dishes. The lunch specials are a fantastic deal.Highly recommended.
My favorite Indian place for sure. Everything tastes so darn good - well-seasoned, the right amount of spice, and so fresh. Appetizers: the veggie samosas are excellent - very big, with a crunchy pastry filled with a ton of potatoes and peas. The lamb spring roll and the pakora are also well-seasoned and delicious but are a little on the greasy side. I've had the chicken tikka masala, the saag paneer, paneer makhani, and chana masala, and every single dish has been great. I've eaten in the restaurant, and the wait staff is always attentive and fast, and I've also had delivery at least a half-dozen times with absolutely no issues (and always on time!). Oh, and on the weekends, they have a buffet set up that isn't too big but is still more than substantial if you want to stuff your face! They always have veggie samosas, a few veggie options and a couple of meat options. Totally worth it!
Seva is still the best place for Indian food. There are a few new spots on 30th ave but none of them compare to Seva. The staff is wonderful, the place is cozy and beautiful and the food is amazing. Lamb rolls, chicken tikka masala, vindaloo, naan, everything I've ever had here was amazing.
I love this place. My boyfriend and I always do takeout because we never really find parking.. lol.. but nonetheless the food here is AMAZING. It took me a long time to give Indian food a try after a bad experience somewhere else, but this place made me fall in love with Indian food again. The food is always fresh. I always get my shrimp tikka masala, and rice pudding and I'm always happy. My boyfriend loves his chicken tandoori. This is definitely my gem place when it comes to Indian cuisine.. The staff there are great and patient, that's always a plus. Why the four stars??? Because of parking, I know it's not their fault but if parking was better I would sit and eat..
I would be lost without Seva... I literally eat here or order every week. The food is amazing (I'm especially partial to the Chana saag)! The service is great too. This gem is a MUST if you're in Astoria :)
The spices and flavor bursts from every morsel of food you bite into at Seva. All the entrees were amazing but the next time I will ask them to dial back on the heat. Although delicious, the heat builds and by the end you are sweating. We had the Chicken tikka masala,  vindaloo and korma for entrees. For the appies we had both veggie and chicken samosas - those were the standout. The service is courteous and fast. No lingering, your in and your out.
This place is AMAZING! Best Indian food in all of Queens- a true gem. You can get free naan (any flavor) every visit just by checking in on Yelp, they have a great price fix menu, a buffet on the weekends and the lunch menu is on POINT. They give you so much food for such a great price and EXCELLENT service. It's small inside so I would recommend delivery or going sometime during the week to get a table.
We went there on Mothers Day.  Were seated immediately.  I had never had Indian food and really did not know how to order.   The menu was simple so I was able to order food that sounded really good.  This is a very small place.   The food was amazing. From the breads, appetizers and main dishes.   The Staff was so helpful.  We will definitely return.
Le-git. Love this place. Cheap, delicious, authentic, a ton of food. Everything you want in an Indian spot.The prefix deal is great - samosas are super good, a ton of vegetarian options, and the dessert is great. They don't skimp on the rice. If you call in a takeout order, you can get the prefix deal and for some reason I've always gotten two samosas, which is amazing and always gets stashed for a late-night snack.(I always order naan here, but never really eat it because there's so much food that you get with an order, as an fyi)The atmosphere is nothing to write home about, but that's because the food is really the star of the show. Worth your time for sure.
Unreal food, Great Taste!We ordered takeaway and the wait was only 25mins. We got the Lamb Korma, Beef Vindaloo and Chicken Tika. We ordered Indian Hot for the Vindaloo and were not disappointed. The flavours were very authentic!Authentic Indian Cuisine! Would travel over 25 miles to go to this place!
Gimme an S! Gimme an E! Gimme a V! Gimme an A! What's that spell? SEVA!! This place is one of the best restaurants in Astoria and guess what, all you cool overpriced hipster joints up and down 30th avenue, Broadway, and Ditmars: it predates your hangouts! Seva is semi-old school Astoria and it serves de-LICOUS Indian food for a fair price. Good food that doesn't cost you a day's pay? Wow...this feels like Astoria in early 2000....Not only is the food fabulous and the portions perfect, but it is also one of the best vegetarian dining options in the neighborhood.Seriously, if you haven't been to Seva yet, turn off Netflix, stop playing Pokemon Go and go experience life. Seriously, close your laptop screen or put your phone away.....go ahead...you can do it...goooood.
For Indian delivery in Astoria, I have yet to find better. The food was a little slow to get delivered, but it was still piping hot when it arrived, and it was delicious. I got the all day delivery special which includes an app, entree, rice and dessert. I think there is a fairly decent selection from that deal.The dishes were tasty and spicy (even for me, and I have a high tolerance for spice). But the weren't so spicy that you couldn't taste the food behind them. I even have enough food left over from last night for a little lunch today, which my wallet smiles about.They do take credit cards (Visa/MC only), but the guy on the phone was painfully slow, and constantly interrupted by others calling in (which I guess can also be a good sign showing the popularity of the relatively new restaurant). This wasn't a problem actually. I'd rather have slightly slower good food than quick but yucky.
I just wanted to give Seva 5 stars because they have fed this man many wonderful meals over the last few years and the least I could do is give Seva some Yelp love. Seva feels like a small town restaurant in terms of service and decor. You go because it's comforting and you know what to expect. The food is ridiculous in a good way, I've never had anything here that I didn't absolutely enjoy. This is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere and one should try eating here if they want a guaranteed good meal.
This place is tiny but my husband and I love their food, especially the buffet before 3 on Saturdays is awesome.   yum, yum ...nuff said.  The waiters are very nice too.
My favorite Indian restaurant to order from in Astoria.  The people who pick up the phone are very friendly and grateful for your business.  Manners go a long way.  We like to order the chicken vindaloo, bhindi masala, and saag paneer.  The first time I ordered the bhindi masala, it was floating in oil and kind of gross.  Since then, I've ordered it twice more, and it's obvious they've made adjustments to it, for the better.They offer several different flavors of naan.  I find the plain a little too sweet, but the rosemary version is different and yummy.
Absolutely love this place. The food at this place is as authentic as it gets. I have been eating at this place for sometime now and have tried almost everything on itsmenu.. my personal favorites are Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Rogan Josh and Parsi Shrimp Curry. In addition, the Lunch Special at $7 is practically a steal.As you can tell I am a fan of this place - of both the quality and the quantity. A true gem in Astoria
Who WOULDN'T want an excellent, filing meal for $12?  Last night was the first time I've eaten at Seva - usually, I have it delivered - and I have to say that I was pretty impressed.  The service was polite and well-timed.  The portions are generous and flavorful.  Usually I start with the vegetarian samosa (which are perfect!), but I have an eternal weakness for butternut squash soup, so decided to give Seva's a whirl.  Let's just say, it's not what one would usually expect... It was pretty watery, and pretty flavorless.  Our waiter recognized that my friend and I were dissatisfied, and offered another soup, but with an entree, naan and dessert on it's way, we decided to politely pass on his offer.  Chicken Tikka Masala is always my stand-by - I just love that creamy tomato sauce!  And my entree was served absolutely consistent with every other time I've ordered it.  Perfect amount of flavoring and spice!Admittedly, I'm always stuffed to the brim by the time dessert comes around and I've never actually eaten it.  It always sounds delicious and I've generally heard compliments.Such a great little gem in Astoria!
i order delivery from here often.  same chicken korma and cucumber raita, which is the best, chunky and delicate yogurty flavor.  the chicken however has been dry past couple of times. boo
One of the few Indian restaurants that I actually like. Reminds me of my mom's cooking. Good food, good service but can get very crowded.
Overpriced dried out chicken in orange sauce.  Indistinguishable from any other delivery Indian.  $17 would feed a family of 12 in Delhi for a week and they'd eat better than this.
AWESOME INDIAN- WITH SPICE!!!This small place doesn't care if you are white or indian when you tell them you want something spicy, they make it spicy!  What a treat, we are always trying indian restaurants that adjust the spice according to our appearance, so this was an extra special treat and we will definitely be coming back.  The prix fixe runs all night long, and was an amazing deal especially since Indian can get pretty expensive around Queens.  The appetizers I recommend: the lamb spring roll (amazing) and the masala crab cake.  Entrees on the prix fix were slightly limited, but we got chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo (Blow your head off hot) and also ordered saang paneer (spinach and cheese) for the table to share, which was great.    Don't order the wine they serve here, its cheap and gross. Staff is unbelievably sweet and attentive.  Not many tables here, so go early or go late.  Great experience at Seva!
I went cold turkey on Gandhi (down the block) after a very unpleasant experience there and I haven't since had Indian food in Long Island City. Now, finally, I can get back to expanding my gut.Seva is clean (important!), pretty and has good service. The food is reasonably priced and reasonably tasty. The plain nan is crisp and, at $2, inexpensive. The Mulligatawny soup ($3) was decent and not too filling. The lamb spring roll was a creative dish and tasty.I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, which was slightly disappointing. I can't explain why the initial taste left me cold, but I ultimately warmed up to the dish even though I've had much better elsewhere. I wouldn't get it again, but there was nothing terribly wrong with it. The basmati rice was disappointing, as the peas were almost assuredly frozen (they were still cold when I tasted them). This is the kind of thing that makes Gordon Ramsay throw a fit, and I'm in his camp. There's no excuse for cold (also tasteless) peas. I asked for the curry to be served spicy, but I'm about as pale as a person can be without being dead, so my "very spicy" request met with a very dubious look from the water and I wasn't surprised to get a very subtle spicing, which was fine. However, if you're pale and in need of some real head-clearing spice, I imagine you'd have to put on quite a show to get what you want. I had the Gulab Jamun (honey dumpling) for dessert. I wasn't a big fan, but it was exactly as described. I'm just not enticed by gelatinous or near-gelatinous desserts. I ordered the coffee and it was the type that refused to lighten up no matter how much milk I poured in. It had a sitting around all day taste, but perhaps that is the way it is supposed to be. They don't have beer yet, but will let you bring your own. Next time I will. The appetizer and soup were intriguing enough for me to give Seva another chance. The food is decent even if it didn't blow me away.
Definitely the best Indian food I've had in Astoria, food and service is always good
The roomies and I were craving a little tikka masala tonight, and reading the delivery menu from Seva set our taste buds on high alert. We were thrilled to see that Seva has a fab delivery special -- your choice of one appetizer, one entree and one dessert for just $13. Whats not to love about that??The food arrived in about 30 minutes, even though it was dinnertime on a Friday night. We dug into our food, thrilled to see that nothing was missing and everything was hot. From the first bite, we were all in heaven. Everything was delish, from the samosas to the savory lamb saag. And the rice pudding and cashew balls we had for dessert totally hit the spot. Each dish was flavorful without being greasy, or overly hot. Three hours after dinner, I still haven't finished digesting the indulgences of the evening. Thus, my plans for a Friday night of bar hopping did not come to fruition. Instead, I'm laying on the couch, cursing bloated stomach while at the same time reveling in the deliciousness of Seva!
First off I have to say the service is amazing, they are so friendly. Secondly, I was skeptical about Indian food, until I tried Seva's food. For starters we had the chips with red and green sauce dip. For appetizers, I had the chicken samosa, Mmmm...my taste buds were running wild, but the best was yet to come. For the main course, chicken tikka masala with the basmati rice, OMG!! I washed everything down with with all three Indian imported beers. Highly recommend this place!
Like David J., Seva is my favorite Indian restaurant in all of NYC. I've been eating there since moving to the neighborhood a little over a year ago. Simple, homey décor complements delicious food and prices can't be beat. The owner is friendly and clearly loves what he does. He told us how his mother sends him spices from India, and he regularly updates the menu with new dishes like the unique bok choi crispy curls that others have mentioned. I've tried most of the menu, and I don't think I've ever had a dish that I don't like. The korma and lamb meatball dishes are particularly good, as is the rosemary naan. The restaurant is BYOB, but they're happy to uncork for no fee.My only complaints are minor. When the place fills up, the food can be slow coming from the kitchen (the service is always friendly and attentive, though). The background music rarely changes, and it can get a little monotonous if you eat there as regularly as I do. Those minor quibbles aside, I can't recommend this place more highly. If you're in Astoria looking for Indian food, this is your place. If you're on your way to Jackson Heights, stop here first--you just might like it more than where you were headed!
Considering the scant choices in Astoria, hands down the best indian food. I love their weekend buffet and they have a nice atmosphere and attentive service for dine in.
Amazing samosas!!! I love samosas but hate it when they are too greasy and these were absolutely perfect. They also have a decent amount of vegan dishes but no vegan desert which is too bad. The service was great. The atmosphere is very cute and quaint. The prices are also quite reasonable especially considering the portion size which was more than enough but not too much. The wine is not the greatest but it was good and the pour was heavy (honestly I have never had an amazing wine at an Indian restaurant). I will definitely be back and wish they delivered to my neighborhood.
Walking around 30th avenue one day I discovered this Indian restaurant who's awning caught my attention & they also had take out menus outside which is always a good sign.Upon taking the menu home & comparing the prices to another Indian restaurant called Gandi we realized that the portions sounded much bigger and were reasonably priced.This is my new favorite Indian restaurant in Astoria & it's cheep,filling & so good.Unfortunately I haven't dined inside but have taken advantage of their delivery.The Nan bread was huge(garlic,rosemary,etc.),the chicken Tikka Masala was unlike any I had ever had before.it wasn't greasy and was wonderfully spiced.I recommend the vegetable mamosas..they are to die for & go perfectly with their mango chutney.So if you don't feel like getting out of the house for Indian food I definitely recommend snuggling up on the couch with Seva.
Went there on a Saturday to meet up with some friends (had never been there before) and it was quite busy. The place doesn't have more than 13 tables in it but they were all occupied. After sitting down it took like 10 minutes for someone who wasn't our server to ask me for my drink order.. My friends had already ordered (30 min ago) and still hadn't received their appetizer (bread) . Our server came by 5 minutes later and as I was looking over the menu I asked for a few more minutes, and it wasn't until he walked away that I caught a hideous smell of his B.O. Oh my good Jesus. Dude.. You work with food and people.. And the place smells of strong curry..and I can STiLL smell your arm pits? There's something terribly wrong with that. 2 servers not being competent enough to handle 6 or so tables between them is a disgrace. I'm a server myself and my standards are pretty simple.. Be on time.. Courteous and have good hygiene. It's not that hard to please me. Being that my friends were there for so long with no word from anyone  as to why the bread appetizer was taking so long (after they had asked what's up and some other guy said its coming..classic response) .. I said we should just go. We told the guy who told us the food is on the way that we were going to go and paid for the one beer we did consume during those 45 minutes.. And he had the audacity to argue back. Dude get your buddy some deodorant and get a clue as to how tables should be treated..  Needless to say I won't be back. I don't even know why people go there.
Love love love love love lovvvveeeee this place. It will make you crave Indian all day. Get the garlic naan and chicken tikka masala. So freaking delicious, and the servers are so sweet
We have eaten here several times and also done delivery as well. I think the food is very good and the service is very consistent, and always pleasant and professional. The Green Chili chicken is very hot! SO beware, it is good, but it is hot :-) We have tried most dishes by now and while we have our favorites, I feel the waiter always makes good rec's and that they know the food well so don't hesitate to ask a question.Decor is clean and pleasant, not overly romantic, but in a way it makes it more romantic because they aren't trying so hard. The take out arrived still hot both times and I found the food comparable to in house, although i think it is never quite the same when you get delivery. Perhaps I just like being in the restaurants.
I had the chicken Korma.  I asked for it spicy and it was a good spicy with out being overwhelming.  Reasonable prices.  Friendly staff.  I would return.
This is an adorable indian restaurant on the corner of 30th avenue, and the waiters are always very accomodating and friendly. There's a wide selection and the food is quite good. Nothing is drenched in oil and the indian dishes have a good meat to sauce ratio. I think Seva makes a really good biryani- the lamb and chicken are always packed with flavor and tender! The tandoori chicken wasn't ALOT (my only complaint). They have a great appetizer-entree-dessert dinner combo for $12-$13. Pretty good addition to Astoria. -the naan is phenom here!! It takes a while, but its soo worth it!
Consistently awesome!  I used to have another Indian restaurant that was my 'go-to' place, but no longer.  Seva is it!  I always order online, so I can't speak for dining in, but they are always quick and accurate and hot.  Plus, it's on Seamless so I can pay w/ cc with ease.  I hope to dine in some time for the buffet and when I do, I'll update my review to let you know how it is.
While I don't doubt that this food is very good, most of it is too spicy for my sensitive taste buds and tissues. Great if you love spicy food though. It would be nice to have a warning so that I could have ordered something that wasn't spicy or toned down, but then it might not be the same? The mango lassie (that's what I call it, I know there's no 'e') was da bomb. The rose lassie, on the other hand, was disgusting like curdled milk and yogurt that's been in the refrigerator for the past year and hardly tasted like rose. Maybe it's supposed to be that way.
Great Indian. Pretty cheap too.  Weather you dine in or take out this place will not disappoint.
Good food at a great price. A little small but very cozy and the staff were very attentive. I would go here again.
I just had dinner at Seva( Indian cuisine) in Astoria. The food was great and tasted very Authentic. The server( Jevan) who was very helpful. Definitely going back for the food and for one of the best service I received. Thank you Jevan.
Great (fairly) new addition to the neighborhood.  Before they came into town, I previously had to venture out to at least Jackson Heights in order to treat my palate to even half- decent Indian food. Although I have yet to sit in, I've had them deliver to me several times.  A big plus is that their delivery range is pretty large, further than most others are willing to go.  Just keep in mind that their delivery times do vary, depending on how busy they are.  But they'll usually let you know on the phone ahead of time.  You also have the option for ordering online if you'd rather not pick up the phone.As others have noted, they have a budget conscious lunch & dinner special ($7 & $11 respectively). I've had the chicken/vegetable samosa's, aloo tikki, lamb seekh kabab, chicken tikka masala, & lamb vindaloo among others - all very good.  Oh, their nan has always been on par too (I get the garlic).I've only heard good things about the service from the owners, not to mention the fact that its a BYOB.  Once I go eat there myself, I'll be sure to update on that aspect.IMHO, I'd say top 2, if not THE best authentic tasting Indian so far in the nabe.Enjoy!
Delicious Indian Food! I have been looking for a really good Indian restaurant but had not found one. This is It!Really good food! and Authentic too!
I had high hopes for this place after seeing so many good reviews here on Yelp, but I left feeling like my experience there was just average. The food was pretty good - I've had better Indian, but I've also had worse - but the service was pretty, pretty, pretty bad. Our waiter was nice enough but didn't know anything about the ingredients in certain dishes (I'm vegan so we were trying to ask something about the naan). They were also unaccomodating re: my request to order something else with the prix fixe since I couldn't eat any of the desserts. They wouldn't let me order, like, a side of bread or something...the only option that was offered as a replacement for the dessert was a soda. I don't really drink soda and didn't think this was very fair, so I passed on that altogether. Bummer. The check also took forever to get despite the fact that the place wasn't even half full. Like I said, the food was pretty good but I don't think I'd go through the effort of coming back.
I just ate at this establishment last night and I have to say that I was really disappointed. I would much rather go to Baluchi's.I ordered the chicken korma and my friend ordered something with lamb and apricots on top (it was a brown-colored curry). The chicken in my dish was tender enough, but the curry itself lacked flavor and was bland. I also tried some of my friend's dish. One bite was enough for me; I didn't want to stomach the piece of lamb I'd grabbed. Her curry had more flavor, but it wasn't a tasty flavor, and the apricots didn't go with the dish at all (though as a disclaimer she had asked whether there were any dishes with fruit). As a plus, the dishes come with rice, unlike Baluchi's.We also ordered the fruit and nut naan, which was absolutely delicious and must be eaten hot. The green raisins interspersed within the bread were always a sweet surprise. It tasted quite fresh.The restaurant was very empty when we arrived. There were just a couple of guys eating together. There was a lot of incense in the air which took some time for me to get used to.The server was excellent about making sure that our water glasses never reached empty (and I drank a LOT of water, so he probably refilled my glass half a dozen times).Overall I was not impressed with the food here. It was definitely not worth what I paid. I might go back just for that naan, but in terms of entrees, no way.
This is the first indian place where they actually give real portions for a meal.  The food is very good here. I placed my order online and picked up in 20 minutes. Great place.
Decent Indian Food.   Nothing special, not worth going out of your way for.  The one thing that this place has going for it, are the VERY cheap prices, it is one of the cheapest indian places i've had.  We waited about 10 minutes to get menu's after being seated and the manager took our order after waiting another 10 minutes.  They were very busy with take out as well as it being a packed resturant, so they need more staff.  I asked the bus boy for the check at the end of the meal, since our waiter (the manager) was very busy.... Of course the bus boy never passed on our request and we waited another 10 minutes before i simply asked the manager for the check.  Frustrating.The food was OK, and thats because i just love indian food, but it was some of the worst indian food i've ever had.  The Crab Cake Masala tasted like fake crab (should have expected that...), the chicken malai kabab was very tasty but i had a huge chunk of fat or grissel that was just nasty.  The chiken samosa, a first for me, was good, simple, nothing special.  The maleghotony soup was bland.  The entrees were also bland.  The shrimp korma was extreemly overcooked, its almost like the chef does not understand that it really only takes 60 seconds to cook mini shrimp.  They left the tails on, which i never understood, i am suposed to dig my fingers into the sauce and rip off the ends of the shrimp???  The Shrimp tandori was very overcooked and nearly burnt, terrible tasting.  The chicken Korma was boring.  The Korma sauce was very bland, not a good dish at all.Overall the only reason i MIGHT go back or at least call in, would be the prices.  $12 for 3 courses is quit good.  They need more staff and a better chef thu!
Randomly searched on yelp for the nearest restaurant to my friend's apartment and ended up here.We ordered:Vegetarian Samosas - might be the best I've had because none of the ones I've had in the past have been memorable.Lamb Vindaloo - my favorite of the night. I prefer spicy food. It actually wasn't that spicy, but still really goodLamb Rogan Josh - also really goodVegetable Korma - It was good, but I'm not really a fan because I don't like sweetness in my entrees, but it was my friend's favorite of the night.Will definitely go back again!
The food is really good here I usually get the Chicken Tikka Masala or the Chicken Korma. Do yourself a favor and get your food delivered from them - the portions come huge compared to when you eat in.
Just down the street from my house, I don't know how I resist ordering it every night.  It's hands down the best Indian I've found in Astoria!  Great food, great prices! YUM
I've only ordered delivery from Seva, but it's always been really solid.  I've tried the aloo gobi, the chicken vindaloo, and the tandoori chicken and it's all been great.  I like to get a mango lassi and a side of raita to counter the heat.
Man this place was good. I had the appetizer sampler (which by itself is enough for a meal) and everything was good. My entree was the chicken saag with an order of plain nan. It, too, was really good. I ate my fill, then let my roommate have a go, and I still had enough left over for a pretty good sized snack. My roommate liked it so much that he ordered dinner from Seva the next day. I'm not sure what he had, though.
Not the best Indian food you'll ever eat in your life, but definitely the best Indian restaurant in Astoria. (Finally!) So for that, it gets 4 stars. The entree portions are big enough that you can get 2 (maybe even 3) meals out of them. The chicken tikka masala is good and the meat is always really tender. My only complaint might be that sometimes the chicken to sauce ratio is a little uneven. The garlic nan is yummy, too, but a huge portion...best for sharing.We always use the online ordering system, because honestly, I HATE placing orders over the phone. We've never had a problem.
This is one of the nicest restaurants I've ever had the pleasure of eating in. The decor is lovely, the food is absolutely delicious, and the service is simply outstanding. This is clearly a restaurant that really cares about the customer's experience. Best of all, it is very affordable. I rarely eat out recently, but have been eating here regularly.
What's not to like, authentic indian food and you can order online.  Their samosas are huge and their portions are generous.  Service is friendly and quick.  I would not recommend delivery since they're quite busy but take a few steps out of your apartment and pick it up.  Their dining area is small but the place is always packed which is why I opt for pickup.  Prices are very reasonable especially the dinner special.   Beats the hell out of ghandi and there's certainly no reason to head to Jackson Heights when you have t his restaurant around.  Now I just need to try their weekend all you can eat buffet for $11.00.
I would give Seva a zero if I could. Their food quality is inconsistent. The hygiene of their food is highly questionable. I found a hair in my samosa a couple of months ago. Today I caved and ordered food, and am now sitting here with the worst nausea and stomach ache in the world. DISGUSTING. I'm not sure what goes on there, but ordering food from them is a HUGE mistake. They are definitely making some serious health code violations.
Ever since the management changed at Delhi Heights, my husband and I have been searching for a "Good" Indian restaurant in Queens. The four stars on yelp, over three hundred reviews, we thought we would give it a try and here is how I would summarize our experience there this past weekend:- Beautiful decor- good customer service- really small, yet cute place- Not too over-priced (10 bucks for a vegetarian dish)We had samosas and I must say they were delicious and their chutnies were great! For main course, we had an order for palak paneer and malai kofta with roti. We asked them to make the food spicy and I am glad that they did. Palak paneer was delicious, spicy, very tasty. Malai Kofta - not so much. It had some sour taste that I didn't like (the kind of taste you get when your food has been cooked for a while and has been sitting out in heat and is about to go bad). I thought it was just me as my husband didn't mind the taste of kofta. There wasn't much of a sauce in the kofta either, which I didn't like. Overall, we were not too disappointed by our experience (minus the koftas for me) and asked them to pack the leftovers to go. When we heated up the koftas the next day for lunch (we hate to waste food), the koftas tasted very sour and had gone bad. The palak paneer was still delicious. Being picky Indians, we are rarely pleased by outside Indian food. However, I think we will give this place another try and would stay away from the koftas. I have to say, the place is really really tiny, so going there with large groups, I would recommend you make reservations and avoid taking strollers.
Absolutely my favorite Indian food in the city. The food is always fresh and the prices are exceedingly affordable...especially for the amount that you get per order. The staff is friendly and I promise you that your water glass will never empty. I ordered trays of their catering for my engagement party, and though I was told the small tray would only barely feed 10 people, I have now been eating this delicious food for the past 2 weeks (with appropriate freezing of leftovers of course!)This is one of my go-to restaurants for any of my friends or family who visit  the city. I have even had Brooklynites mention this gem by name out of the blue as one of the best Indian restaurants of NYC.
Brunch was good, but not the greatest selection if you compare to the indian buffets in Jackson Heights. It's a small place. Still, the food is delicious and it's an option when we're too lazy to go all the way to Jackson Heights. The service was great too.
Everything I've had here is super yum - and the staff is very friendly and professional.  They are great for delivery, too.  Best Indian in the hood fo sho!
Yes, the food is okay, I had the cauliflower veg lunch special.  Pretty tasty, but much more rice than main.  The delivery guy was on the phone when he brought it over, which I thought was kind of rude.  And they forgot our soup and had to bring it by later.
Great Indian food for the price.  Sometimes the heat is a bit more than expected.  Great deals.  Always busy.  Fills that craving for Indian
This place is awesome. First, the delivery special. For $12 you get a three course dinner that easily feeds two. It usually takes a while to deliver, but it's worth the wait. The samosas are good, lamb spring rolls are very good, and the soups are AMAZING. Butternut squash is the best I've ever had, and the mulligatawny is very good as well. The curries here are usually very good, not too spicy, not greasy, the meat is moist, and they are full of flavor. The weekend all you can eat lunch buffet seems too good to be true, and sadly it is. I think the food gets overcooked and dried out while sitting on the steam table. Not really a problem with how they made it, just a consequence of the all you can eat buffet format. Other than that, I highly recommend trying Seva.
Veggie samosa was perfect.  The vindaloo had the perfect amount of spice.  Lots of great vegetarian dishes.  The nan was delicious.  Everything was delicious.  The wait service was very attentive.  This is our new spot.
I ordered from here at work during lunch because I was craving Indian food. For the price I paid, the food was okay. I order the Kofta under the lunch special and it wasn't as great as I thought it would be. Out of my whole lunch, I enjoyed the Samosa and the rice. The curry in the kofta was not bold and the sauce was watery. The delivery time was over 30 minutes. Would I order again from here? Most likely not; however, I would give the food a try on premises but not any time soon.
Fast delivery, lots of food. Nice people.Try the Green Chili Chicken. It will kick your ass with hotness.The only good Indian I ever had in Astoria.
I'm not a big fan.  This place was great when it opened but has gone downhill which seems to be a trend in our neighborhood. The samosa's arrived hard as a rock, so much as I couldn't chew them.  The vindaloo was so so hot, even after I asked the restaurant to take it easy on me, her response, "it comes how it comes," leading me to think that all dishes are pre-prepared in some vat instead of fresh.  This food didn't taste fresh, it tasted frozen, thawed, reheated and delivered to me any my guests.  I won't go back if I can be avoided.
Just had to order from this place for lunch with all the raving reviews.  Unfortunately, after tasting their dishes, they do not warrant a 4 or 5 star.  If I was really being generous, maybe 3.  The Tikka Masala is the most common Indian dish.  I don't think I've ever tasted a subpar curry until I ate their food.  The creamy texture of Tikka Masala was lacking.  It tasted like I was eating a tomato paste they didn't add enough water to.  The chicken mamosas were good but nothing made me think this was the greatest Indian food when I started chowing.
ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!This may be some of the best Indian I've had, even compared to some places in Jackson Heights. I had the chicken korma and my sister had the chicken birhani...both were amazingly spiced and perfectly sized portions. We wound up spending only $40 (including tip) for a shared appetizer (two samosas), two entrees and a beer. The atmosphere is great, the service is great, this may be my new favorite restaurant. Plus they do delivery!!
I really like Seva. The food is amazing and not expensive at all. All of my Indian friends love this place too. Highly recommended!
This is my favorite Indian food restaurant in New York. I've eaten at some of the best rated in Queens and Manhattan and Portland OR. I'm not Indian though have plenty of Indian friends I eat with. I love their lentil soup so much I think about it while out of the country on vacation. My mom feels it is the best Indian she has ever had and I agree. The people are really really nice but mostly I do delivery.
Food is okay, wait staff is slow and the place wasn't packed.  All in all not bad if you are looking for Indian in Astoria.
Although the delivery was slow the food was really good! I recommend the Chicken Tikka Masala! Great website too... very informative!
I really like Seva, it's my favorite Indian restaurant in Astoria. Although the service is a little slow both eat in and take out, I love the atmosphere of the it's both cozy and laid back and the staff is nice.As well the food is always great, I definitely recomend it!Although recently we found out after placing an order they will no longer deliver to us, they said they redid their delivery routes and won't go to ditmars. kind of lame.
Probably the best Indian option in the neighborhood. I'm writing this mostly to say that we've never had a problem with their delivery.  It's not the fastest (usually around a half hour), but I can live with that because it's a good value and decent quality for the neighborhood.
nice to be back here. great cozy ambience. superb and friendly service. delicious food for low price. one of our dishes was too spicy and the owner made a new milder one on the house.thank you!!!
I luv this place, it is my favorite Indian food restaurant . I know people say you can get much better n cheaper indian food in Jackson Heights, but I luv the food here n the service is great too!
This is a great Astoria restaurant. The food is very good, the dining area is cozy, and the staff are very friendly. The $13 prix fixe dinner is a great deal, and with the BYOB policy, it makes for a very inexpensive night out. Go.
My favorite Indian food restaurant in the area. Wait staff is attentive. When I order for delivery, the quality is as good as dining in. My favorites are:1.  The Garlic Non (If you bring a date make sure you both eat it)2.  Veggie Samosa3.  Aloo Gobi MatarWarning. If you request your meal spicy, they really listen, so you may want to clarify your level of spice. The prices are very reasonable.  They have a great lunch specials as well.  The only downside is that their bathroom is in the basement.  I don't like those.
I am a frequent visitor to Seva and have not been disappointed by the food yet.  I mainly enjoy the vegetarian options and am a big fan of the Bok Choy Blossoms and the Navrattan Korma.  The only issue I have ever had with the restaurant is the system they have for the waiting list.  There is no room to wait inside, so during the winter they take your phone number to call you when the table is ready--several times after being told it would be a twenty minute wait I have returned 45 minutes later (no call, and still no table).  This seems to be due to disorganization on their part and a very small dining area.  However, even with this crazy wait I still do not regret dining at Seva so frequently.  It is delicious!
Not only does this place have really great specials but the quality of the food does not suffer!  Quality is also consistent and the best Indian food I've had in Astoria so far.  This being said - it's a little bit slower than your other takeouts but really I think it's because they cook it to order so it takes a little bit of time!   Well worth the wait!
Read the great reviews here and had to try since I'm new to the area. Had dinner at the restaurant a few months ago and while the service was slow, the mean was great. Generous portions from the pre-fixe menu, the chicken tikka masala and the chicken saag were great. Some of the best naan I've had in a long time! We've ordered online for delivery recently which was good, but one would assume that since you're ordering on-line, you could use a credit card, no? But you'd be wrong like we were. Oh well, glad we know now!
The pricing here was amazing - and the food was tasty as well.  The venue is very small, but well kept. (And it fills up quick the closer you get past dinner time) Seva features pre fix dinners including an app, an entree and a dessert, for $13.00.  And naan bread in a variety of styles for $3.  I had the chicken samosa, the chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and the kuji halwa for dessert.  Plus you can choose the heat intensity of your meals.   Almost more importantly, the staff we super attentive.  I don't think my water glass came and inch past half full before the wait staff was back to refill it.
We hit this place for the lunch buffet yesterday. All I can say is...AWESOME! $10? All you can eat? Yes!  The chicken tikka masala is my absolute favorite. White meat chicken, moist, the sauce is rich and flavorful.  The samasa was quite hot...so be prepared if you don't like spicy food! There were 2 or 3 vegetarian dishes as well. Yes it's a small place but whatever...?  We can't wait to go back! Seriously...for $10??!!
After reading a few of the good reviews, I decided to give this place a try and just got back from the weekend bunch buffet ($10).  This place is good little find.  Small restaurant with a nice atmosphere.  Very courteous staff.  The food was very tasty and fresh.  The buffet had three meat dishes, two chicken and one lamb, two vegetable dishes, samosa, rice, naan, and gulab jamun for dessert.  It is a small spread commensurate with the size of the dining room - this is not a Jackson Diner.  We enjoyed our meal and will definitely dine here again.  I did not go to the restroom or peek into the kitchen, but the dining room seemed clean.  Although I did not try them, other patrons were having mango and sweet lassi.
I have been ordering delivery from this place at least once a week for months. Best Indian food in Astoria, even outside the restaurant. The chicken tikka masala is outrageously good. Add some garlic naan and samosas and you are set. Not the fastest place for delivery but then again, it takes a while anyway to get to Ditmars. Very highly recommended.
I tried Seva again, and the service was MUCH improved.  I guess they got the message from the Yelp reviews.  Go Yelp go! Our dishes were super tasty, just plain old Indian comfort food.  I'm definitely going to go back again and again.
First placed i went to after moving to Astoria. Had been out of the city for awhile and was craving some good Indian food. This place def did the trick! Chicken tika was great. The naan was probably the best i have ever had. And the mango lassi i would highly reccomend. Maybe i was enjoying it more because i had't had indian in awhile but i will say, i have gone to a few places across the city and this is def my new fav!!
I'm a big fan of Ghandi, the Indian restaurant around the corner, but I have to say I'm going to be forced to divide my time between the two places now.  I went to Seva for dinner with some friends last night and had one of the best meals I've had in a while. They passed the chicken saag test with flying colors, and their beer and wine selection is good and CHEAP ($4 beer, $18 bottles of wine).  My friend had the chicken tika massala (sp?) and it was fantastic, too.  Highly recommend checking it out.
Seva has converted me. After enduring many indian buffets in college my stomach disagreed with any indian food, until a friend invited me to Seva. The food is fresh and not as greasy as most indian dishes. Their pre-fixe menu is very appealing as well. For $13 (lunch or dinner) you can get an app, entree and small dessert. This was perfect for me, and a nice way to try a few different items. Another plus, the owner actually works in the restaurant and comes around to your table to see how everything is.
We used to go to Seva all the time.  About two years ago while dining in the restaurant I took a bite of my curry with eggplant and got a big piece of plastic wrap in my mouth. Needless to say I was disgusted and decided never to eat there again. In time I forgave seva for that one incident and started eating there again. But what do you know. The same shit happens twice again! I just got more plastic in two of the curries we had for delivery. This is not acceptable and is down right nasty. Avoid Seva at all costs
This place is GREAT -- easily my favorite restaurant in Astoria. I order from this place at least once a week, and from time to time I dine in. I can't say I've tried everything on the menu (I tend to stick mostly to the chicken dishes), but everything I've ever ordered has been on par with the best Indian food I've had anywhere. What's more, the portions are generous, and the staff is super-friendly. My roommates and I are now on a first name basis with Vinod, the charming and friendly owner of the restaurant. He always greets us whenever we drop in to pick-up a take-out order or decide to eat in their modest but cozy and inviting dining room.The best bet is definitely the Prix Fixe special on the back of the menu -- I can't think of a better value anywhere in the city, let alone Astoria. Appetizer, entree, and dessert or a lassi for $13, I think. It used to be $12, I have to say, and that was truly amazing. I usually have enough leftovers for a good lunch the next day, and I'm not a light eater.In addition to all of the north Indian "classics," they have a couple of menu items that are of their own creation, I believe. The Green Chili Chicken is a tasty choice that I've not seen elsewhere, and the Lamb Spring Rolls are an excellent Seva original -- you really should try them. Of all the things I've tried there, I keep coming back to the Chicken Tikka Masala -- I know it's not an exotic choice, but it's JUST SO GOOD! My vegetarian friends have discovered the Fennel Kaddu, which is pumpkin chunks in a sweet and slightly spicy sauce. I've sampled it, it's really excellent.Whenever I have guests in the neighborhood, I almost invariably bring them here. In every case, they have left raving about the food and having had a great time.One note: I like my food pretty hot usually, and I usually order my food "Medium Spicy." It's often enough to bring a little perspiration to my forehead or upper lip, so order your food "Hot" at your own risk!
I order from Seva about once a week and I gotta say that when they're on their game, the Chicken Tikka masala is unbeatable.  I order the CTMasala and the Saag Paneer religiously with cucumber raita and I'd have to say that about 80% of the time it is off the charts, the rest of the time if is mediocre.  Let me clarify: when it's good, it's the best Indian I've had outside of Manhattan, and the prices are very reasonable.  The vegi somosas are very good and they usually deliver within 25 min.  I've locked this in as my Indian delivery spot until I move outside it's delivery zone.
This place has consistently gotten my order wrong. I've ordered from many places in the neighborhood and haven't had a problem. The last order I placed I specifically asked for vegetable samosas - they sent over chicken. Had my boyfriend not opened the samosa and alerted me to it having chicken, I would have bitten into it (I'm a vegetarian for many years!) When I called to tell the manager, he apologized and said that he would resend another order and issue a refund. When the delivery guy finally came the 2nd time, he wanted to charge me for the vegetable samosas that we resent (the owner did not tell him that my order was being replaced because of the error AND did not give him change to give me for the refund). So, this is already an hour past the time I was supposed to have dinner (my main entree was cold by this time) and now, we had to call Seva AGAIN so the delivery guy could confirm with the manger that I'm not supposed to pay for it. Needless to say, on a Sunday evening, after a long day out, this was the last thing I needed (delivery is supposed to simplify your life, right?). So, the manager apologized and wanted to give me a "mango lassi." I did not accept it and let the owner know I would be ordering from Namaste instead. The order before this one, I ordered through seamless and after waiting an hour (i did in fact receive email confirmation from Seamless), I was told my order was "forgotten." wtf. ok, so yeah, long story short, skip this place. There are other Indian alternatives in the neighborhood, don't waste your evening on this place.
lacks the authenticity, and intense flavors. amazing papadam and rasmalai. the waiter is always in the rush. don't expect to see any Indian people - that tells you everything you need to know.
Decent, but highly inconsistent, I still go back though because it is cheap. 1 out of 5 times I get incredibly spicy food even though I always ask for mild.  They also screw one thing in the order. ALWAYS. They'll either forget to run the credit card and will show up at your place asking for cash, will leave out something you specifically asked them for, make your food inedible and etc.  Quality of the food varies too, most of the time Chicken Tikka Masala is delicious but occasionally it is runny and sour or has loads of cinnamon in it.  Placing a delivery order is usually a pain as the restaurant seems very loud and the order taker generally speaks with a heavy accent, but they take credit cards, so it is convenient.  Their delivery is fast.
I'm a big fan of the weekend 10 dollar all you can eat deals.  Food's pretty damn good, the wait staff is friendly and helpful (and always insist on filling up your water to the brim).Yum...O yeah, if you order something from them that's spicy, don't order them spicy unless you want a challenge - try medium the first time around.
i really have to up one star because i've ordered from this place like 10 more times after my last review. i guess it's because they have been consistent with their food and taste. one thing i've noticed though is that every time my boyfriend and i order from this place, we shell out about $25+ bucks on our order. it's a bit steep considering it's just takeout. mediocre takeout, at best. it's not the best indian food, but the only one in the area that seems decent to order from. by the way, they never give you utensils. oh and one more thing, expect a 45 minute to 1 hour wait for your food to come. never have they once delivered their food under 45 minutes. like it said, this place is consistent.
meh, gonna promote the status quo... this is the best indian place in astoria.  would give 5 stars but i got the vindaloo once and it burned a hole in my butt.  wish they gave you more food for the price... but yeah.. food is amazing.  I've probably had everything on the menu.
i have been ordering from them pretty much every weekend since they opened. i would say 80% of the time everything is great. the food is great, the service is good, delivery time is always a hour but i like to think there making it from scratch so i can deal with it :)edited- i have ordered from them quite often and have a suggestionif you have any specific wants/needs metion it in the option for online ordering. i have realized that if i order on the phone and ask for not spicy they will send me something insanely hot. ((this has happened at least 3 times))  if you write not spicy for the online order it actually comes not spicy ((or however you like it)) ~ also im going to say i love the customer service, i mentioned that my last order was to spicy to even eat and we had to throw everything out and the guy called me back and said this order would be free and even threw in some extra stuff which is OK by me :) in fact i think this is what keeps me coming back. ive had good orders and bad orders from them but they always make up for it.
I love nothing more than quality for a reasonable price. That was exactly what Seva was. Not only was the food great and cooked to specification but the service was great. The server told us one of our dishes would take longer and either on purpose or accident (could I care!?) brought a free appetizer!Really chill environment and good music. Seal of approval.
So affordable and so good. Authentic Indian cuisine served in individual copper pots.
I ordered the chicken vindaloo and the garlic nan to go. I read all the reviews about how long it takes them to deliver and since I live so close I just ordered there and went next door to sweet afton for a drink while I waited.  The flavors of my dish were extremely flavorful and since I love spicy food this dish had the perfect balance of spiciness.  The garlic nan was extremely good as well. The price can't be beat either. It was roughly $14 for my meal.  For those looking to dine at the restaurant there's only 10 tables in there so either be prepared to wait on the weekend or go on an off day.  I'll definitely be a frequent eater of this place when I'm craving some authentic indian food.  If you live in the area you definitely need to try this place.
Best Indian Restaurant Ever!!!I love love love this place!  The food is uniformly excellent, and the portions are huge!  One delivery order will feed me for two days.  The vegetable samosas and chicken tikka masala are my favorites, but I also love their vegetarian dish with roasted mashed eggplant (can't remember the name). It's gotten to the point where I don't bother ordering food from any other place in the neighborhood.
I tried this place about two weeks back. I'm not sure what people see in this or the other Indian place (Gandhi) near 30th ave to give them an average of 3-5 star rating. Seriously. I'm Indian and I can confidently say that I know my food; Believe me, both these places are awful! Just travel to Manhattan, any place on Lexington between 24th and 28th are way better. They call it Curry Hill for a reason! Or go to Jackson heights. I seriously wish there were better places near 30th but alas!
Amazing vegetable samosas, and chicken korma!  Be prepared to wait for a table on a Friday/Saturday night!  The naan is tasty, and the portions are fairly large for the price!  One of my favorite Astoria restaurants!!!
Good food, great service! Staff is always around to refill water, remove plates and get you new drinks. Really nice place & people.
Before last night i would have given this place 5 stars. I think they've changed ownership... Didn't recognize anyone there, they were all wearing matching branded polo shirts and the food was different. If this is a sign that of more change to come - it's very disappointing because this place was really great. What mess with a good thing??
Food is GREAT here! And priced very well! I would recommend if you're in the area ordering in rather than dining in.  The dining experience for me has been a mixed bag.  The service tends to lack attention, often things were missing from my order or it took a long time to get food.  But if you have the time, go for it this place is good! Otherwise I would order in!
Such a good value, nice staff, pleasant experience, satisfies that oft-felt yen for run-of-the-mill Indian I get.  Adding a star just because it's not Gandhi around the corner.  No, that doesn't make sense, but I'm doing it.
I'd walk an hour, uphill, both ways, through the snow for this tasty Indian food. It's a good thing they deliver. By far the best Indian in the neighborhood, and some of the best I've had in NYC.
I just went there yesterday and really enjoyed the food and atmosphere. The prix fixe dinner for $12 is a real bargain. I had a veg samosa, chicken tikka masala, and a gulab jamun. All very good. The decor included beautiful deep colors, cute tables and sparkling wood floor. Dinner took longer than average to come but the timing was perfect for us, as we were in the mood to enjoy the ambiance and conversation. The background music was tasteful.. and fun at times (seemed to be Indian Drum and Base at one point). I love this little spot and will definitely go out of my way from Maspeth to visit again.
I used to love Seva. I just called tonight to place an order and they won't deliver this far. I live 2 avenues away from them. They are about to lose a lot of business. All of my friends that live near Ditmars are will not be able to get their food delivered. That's so ridiculously stupid.
This has definitely become one of my favorite restaurants hands down. The chicken tikka masala was amazing and I really loved the garlic nan bread. I cannot wait to try the rest of the menu.
Truly excellent Indian food.  I love their prix fix options--$13.50 for appetizer, entree, and dessert.  I always take food home with me because their portions are enormous.  I've never ordered out because I live outside their delivery zone, but the service when you eat there is fantastic.  They always keep your water glass well filled, which is essential when eating Indian food.  Good job guys!
I have a love hate with this place.  The staff is so friendly and accommodating and the price is good.  It's BYOB.  All the elements are there for a a 4 or 5 star rating from me, but everytime I leave here I wish I hadn't gone.  It's just so-so food and there's something so unsatisfying about it.  We've made an official pact never to go here again because as much as we want to like this place, it just isn't happening.
The best Indian food I've ever had and probably ever will have. Such delicious flavors and you can tell they really take this seriously. We always get the veggie samosas, chana masala and chicken tikka masala. Never had a bad meal and the prices are amazing for the quality and quantity.
yum yum!  This place offers great food at a great price.  $7 lunch special that comes with huge portions and a free appetizer.  I've only had the chicken tikka masala but it was both tasty and fresh.  Will definitely return for more of their delicious Indian fare.
My boyfriend and I have been ordering from and going to Seva for about 2 years and we still love it! The food is always good, the service is always friendly, and it's a nice place to have lunch or dinner.It's worth calling ahead for a reservation on Saturday nights, as it's gotten quite popular. The prix fixe menu is a good deal, especially for delivery, and I like how they keep changing up the menu to showcase new things - like the vegan desserts or the bok choy crispy curls. Totally worth a trip!
Very quick delivery, I was pretty pleased. I was impressed with the food we had ordered from their delivery specials menu:rice + appetizer + main course + dessert = fairly good deal for 12 bucks.My chicken vindaloo was well done, spicy with tender chicken. The soup I ordered but what really is the winner from the appetizer choices it the potatoes. wow, incredible. Also, they pay special attention to vegetarian and vegan customers with choices marked specifically on the menu. Overall, good value and good indian food in Astoria.
The $13 delivery special alone earns Seva four stars.  It's pretty ridiculous that you can get a filling and tasty 3-course meal for such a great price.  They give you one appetizer (the crab cake and samosas are good), one large entree (with enough for leftovers), rice and a dessert (mmm mango lassi!).  The website is pretty comprehensive and you can order everything online, although you can't pay via credit card.  If you call your order in, they'll take your card.  The food takes longer than normal for delivery (at least 45 minutes), but according to their menu, everything is prepared made-to-order.  I've tried the chicken tikka masala and lamb saag, and they were both good.  They also offer the food "mild", "medium" and "spicy"... I tried medium the first time around and it was way too hot for my pansy taste buds.  So I'll have to stick with the mild.  But it's definitely our go-to for Indian delivery considering the amount and quality of food you get for the price.
This is a really cozy and atmospheric place.  I loved the intimate setting and lighting.  The food was great - the Malai Kofta was so delicious!  The service was attentive and we never felt rushed or pressured.  I would definately return for more.
Very good food and great prices! Can't go wrong with a $12 dinner!
Seva is definitely my go-to Indian delivery place!!!  It usually takes about 45 minutes even though I live on the same Avenue only 4 blocks away, but it is ALWAYS amazing food.  The samosas are great as is the Chicken Tikka Masala.  Just realize that when they say spicy, they mean it!  If you're not sure, go with mild or medium.
i love indian food.  love it!  but unfortunately, seva is the only indian delivery in astoria.  i've tried this place four times, each time hoping the food will get better but it never does.  i always tell myself that i won't ever order from this place again but my laziness gets the best of me.  the lamb is gamey and the chicken is always extremely dry.  i mean come on, how do you mess up chicken tikki masala?!?  delivery usually takes an hour or longer so you can either put in your order early, or just get off you a** and head over to roti boti for some damn good indian food.  mmmm...i'd pass and get thai delivery or something...
Just so good with delivery - they do a very nice Chicken Tikka Masala and both of the kebab appetizers are delicious.  I need to go in again and see if service has gotten faster - I really do like the food.
loved the place small but perfect space. excellent service food was amazing. bochoy  was SOO good . i had shrimp curry perfect!  If you love indian food try seva its great.
Hands down -- the best Indian food in Astoria. It's not exactly cheap, but well worth the extra few bucks you will spend for delicious food. I like their chicken tikki marsala.
Delicious vegetarian food at an excellent price! Very sweet staff.
Love this place. Great food and great prices. Do yourself a favor and go to the all you can eat buffet for $10. You will not be disappointed...
Great Chana Masala and pri fixe was a good deal as well.
It was time for me to have my Seva debut, due to all the positive Yelp reviews, the option to order online, and the delivery-only 3-course special they offer for a mere $11.Delivery (from the time i received a confirmation email) was approximately 70 minutes, so perhaps it's better to just call.Although I enjoyed the Mango Lassi and the Kheer rice pudding, my appetizers and entrees weren't jolly, really.1. Chicken Samosa: Neither bad or good, hard to describe anything distinct characteristics about it. The portions and texture were great (2 large well-stuffed and crispy), but the taste was...okay. 2 Chicken Korma: Oh dear. As a Chicken-korma devotee (and borderline whore, i suppose), I didn't fancy it. Salty, the subtle creamy korma sweetness was absent, and the chicken itself was dodgy.     Imagine chicken that was obviously frozen for a while, then cooked without any hopes of concealing its past. Dry, tough, and hadn't absorbed the sauces it swam in. 3. Lamb Saag: Bloody hell, I felt sorry for the lamb here ( I rarely do, because I'm a carnivore taking advantage of this human life). Tough consistency, over-salted, and not combined well with the greens.     Isn't the purpose of all curry ingredients to have this mutual, collaborative dialogue with one another to form the beauty of the curry itself? It tasted like the lamb and the greens had a harsh divorce.   Maybe the Seva experience is completely different at the restaurant, so I may go there one day if the positive yelp reviews continue to flow in. But  otherwise, I'd prefer to stay away from their delivery.
I've been going to Seva since the first week they opened and I've been addicted ever since. As a brit, I love my curry. They do a beautiful job with every dish I've tried of theirs. Take-out delivery special is ace- tons of food (will give you at least two meals out of it), and their employees are super friendly and easy to communicate your food order with. If you're looking for the best indian food in Astoria, Seva is it.
Finally a decent Indian restaurant in Astoria. Not too pricey (prix fixe is a good deal) and with a more modern feel than most take-out places. If you like your food with a little kick, make sure to ask, since the default is on the milder side. Overall a good place to get your Indian food fix.
It was awesomee...the food is soo good... Nd such large portions.. Please don't ever go there or to any Indian restaurant nd not eat some tandoori chicken... :) ...it's just lovely...nd please tip them because they always do an awesome job...
Being a vegan it is hard to trust Indian places not to use a bit of butter or yoghurt in things, so the fact that the note vegan and what can be vegan made me try it. But the food and the service is what makes me keep coming back. Everything except the samosas I have ever eaten there has been perfect. And the samosas are fine just a bit more oily than my tastes. But the shining star is the staff, so friendly, and accommodating. After eating at the worst Indian place I have ever eaten on the UES I had to come back and give Seva some love on here.
Sad that there's No good Indian food in Astoria.
Excellent food. Definitely try their prefixed menu. The food is so delicious and cheap. The only reason I have 4 stars and not 5 is because the restaurant is on the smaller side, but it has beautiful lamps and great food so it is worth it.
I am so excited that this place is in my neighborhood! I love Indian food and before I lived in Astoria I lived in the East Village where I had a whole block full of Indian restaurants to choose from.  When I first moved into my apartment I tried Ghandi, the other Indian place in the neighborhood and I was NOT impressed. So much so that two years later I have still never gone back.  I walked past Seva the other day however, and thought it looked so nice I had to give it a shot.I am so glad I did.  It's obviously doing well, as it was packed with people when I went and the phone was ringing off the hook for orders.  While I was there at least 10 people came in to pick up an order so that's also saying something.Additionally, for $12 you cannot beat the prix-fixe deal.  And the food did not disappoint.  Loved every bite!.The only complaint is that they get a star off for service.  The waiters, managers and support staff are all incredibly nice and attentive, but unfortunately it seems like the cooks are a little overwhelmed.  The food comes out a little slow from the kitchen and it also is haphazard who gets what and when.  There were several tables around us, and including us, who had to inquire where something from their meal was. In our case, our Naan that we ordered came out pretty much after we had finished most of our meal.  Though it was delicous - it doesn't do much good to eat the Naan after you eat the main course.When we brought it up with the Manager he was very apologetic.  Hopefully they'll get things in the kitchen to match the quality of the rest of this place.  But even if that never happens, I'll still be eating here.
Two words: Brunch Buffet. Get it. Everything on that small buffet is so tasty, it rocked my freaking socks off! Veggie samosas, chicken tikka masala, and chana masala were delish, my mouth waters just thinking about it :) One thing I really appreciate about Seva is that their food actually has spice and flavor, unlike some Americanized establishments that water down their dishes to suit their clientele. If you really love Indian food, Seva will not disappoint. They lost one star because I went in during the week and was the first (and only) customer there when they opened at noon. The food took much longer to arrive than I had anticipated, so much so that I had to get my entree and dessert boxed to go after just a few bites. If the place was packed with people, I could understand the slow service. Would definitely go back for their brunch, though: $10 all you can eat, what more is there to say?
I LOVED the Tikka Masala and the Vindaloo!  The Curry Crabcakes were amazing.  I think that the only thing that could be better is the Naan Bread.  I have definitely had better.  I would absolutely go back again.  The food is consistantly good and the portions are filling!  We have only done take-out but every time we go to pick it up the place is typically packed.
I've eaten here 4 times.  Great food.  Prepared lean.  Dynamic taste.
Definitely the best Indian in Astoria. They seem to have minor quality-control issues, with dishes being better some days than others. But when well-executed, their curries, naan, and especially appetizers can be 5-star. Love the fried bok choi and the saag paneer!
I like theirs food very much .. They have delicious chicken tikka masala and many other things. I eat there very often and I was always happy with my food . They have good prices.. I think they have the best indian food in the whole City . If somebody knows any restaurant with better food please let me know..
WORST Customer Service I have ever experienced in my LIFE!  So after reading all these reviews I have ordered from here a bunch of times.  One night I decide I am craving some Chicken Tikka Masala and Mango Lassi.  Placed my order through seamlessweb, I really like their selection.  So I wait and wait and wait..... nothing.  I call up the place and tell the person on the phone (he claims to be the owner, which was not good) my address and immediately he cocks an attitude, "We came there three times!"  I tell him that's impossible because I am sitting at the door and watching TV.  There is no way because I also have the blinds open and I haven't seen one person.  I tell him I just want my money refunded and he blows up on the phone telling me it's my fault that it wasn't delivered.  I then asked if he was the owner and advised him to learn to speak to people in a proper manner if he wants continued business from me.  He tells me "I don't need your business!", WOW soooo unexpected.  Well to make a long story short this went on for about 5 minutes and he finally tells me he would refund my money.  Weeks later and they still haven't and he won't take my call.  Do not deal with this place, there are others with better food and service!
This place made me happy. We actually sat and ate here. While the food and service were great, i with the joint wasn't so bright. But that's really my only complaint. The price is right with the pri fix including entre, app and dessert for $12. We got additional naan too and walked out of there only $27 in. Sweet. they will be a new delivery go to.
Very good Indian food. I gave it a 4 because it wasn't mind blowing but it was pretty dam good especially for the amount of food and cheap prices. Definitely get the chicken samosa for the appetizer. Had the lamb korma and that was tasty too. But  again bring a friend or significant other because its a small joint and I had to play with my crackberry because I ate by myself. (tear)
im so happy to have found this Indian restaurant...im a huge fan of indian food. im not afraid of spicy. if i could have one meal for the rest  of my life it would be chicken tikka masala with basmati rice and mango lassi to wash it down. i ordered from seva online (love that!) and about 45-50 min later (i'm docking 1 star for this) i was able to have some of the most delicious, generously portioned indian food ive ever had. the chicken tikka was some of the best ive had...chunks of fresh white meat chicken, lots of sauce that was spiced just right. i also had the vegetable samosa...they give you two samosas the size of your fist. the sauce (green spicy and brown sweet) all delicious. this place will be my weekly indian food fix!
If you don't mind eating in small places, this place has some pretty good Indian.  Everything we ordered was tasty albeit very spicy (even though we ordered it mild).  Friendly staff and prompt service.  Could use a better wine list.
This was definitely NOT fabulous Indian food.  Nor was it good Indian food.  It was worth the money given that we wanted to order in and pay with a debit card over the phone, however.  The one redeeming quality about the whole affair.
I was so happy to finally get a eatery in Astoria that has ACTUAL vegan items on the menu.  The people that work there are ultra friendly and very helpful.  I've eaten here twice in the past couple weeks and LOVE it! Try the Okra
Seva is cheap, delicious and around the corner from where I live. Every dish I've had there has been excellent; the prix fixe is an incredible deal with the appetizer, entree and dessert for $12. Decent-sized portions. There are plenty of vegetarian/ vegan to choose from; I always feel a little giddy when I'm confronted my the veggie choices at this place. I've been to Seva around ten times; my boyfriend has ordered take-out from here several more times.The service is good but recently, the food has taken much longer to arrive than in the past. No alcohol but the place is open to BYOB.
have had two recent experiences here.  in a fitful need for something outside of the few delivery options i have out past ditmars, my boyfriend and i did some quick research to see if we could find some indian food to deliver.  we found seva online, were almost positive it was a misprint that they would deliver this far, but it turned out to be true!  we opted for spicy, which was a mistake for my boyfriend, and just manageable for me - but even so, the food was tasty and left us wanting more.so we went today for the weekend buffet, 12-3pm.  this is totally a great deal.  the food isn't out of this world, but it is absolutely satisfying.  my boyfriend eats meat, i don't - we both had enough choices to fill our guts and more.  it was a small buffet, but all you needed.  the spicy level for the buffet is way down, but still little hits of spice here and there.  i also have a weird thing with anything a bit spicy, that i get a runny nose and need tons of water (while still loving the food).  so i packed a bottle of water for myself and some extra tissues - as places never give me enough of either, and i wasn't expecting a ton of attentiveness from a buffet.  totally proved wrong on all counts.  we had never-ending water, they gave us extra napkins without us asking, and they were always keeping an eye on everyone.  also, the buffet is $10/person.  Definitely a deal based on their dinner prices and that you get nan, samosas, and dessert with the buffet.  the real challenge is not over-stuffing yourself.  this will definitely be a go-to place for us.
Their delivery is very prompt, their food is wonderfully flavorful, and their portion sizes are huge!  Both my husband and I are repeat customers, and order take-out from them on a regular basis.  Overall, it's just very good, well-priced Indian food that's definitely worth trying.
Good food but more important than that impeccable service. When we sat there it was a busy night and our food was somewhat delayed. I did not mind at all since I usually go to the restaurants to enjoy the people I am with along with the food. Servers went out of their way to accommodate us and brought us dishes on the house More than we can finish). Everyone makes a mistake it is important how you fix it. This place certainly knows how. Thumbs up.
I love this this place, and I eat here at least once a week.  The quality of food is awesome for the price.  Their lunch and dinner specials are great deals, you get a lot of food for $8/13.  They also make the food spicy and flavorful, if that's how you want it.  Here spicy means spicy, and I love that!   But the best deal of all is their Saturday/ Sunday lunch buffet.  They put out like 12 of their best dishes, all my favorites for $10!!  There's dessert also, along with nan, some vegie dishes (like korma or sag paneer), tikka marsla and vindeloo.  This is the best deal in Astoria, and possibly the best Indian food anywhere at this price! Yum!
The take-out portions are bigger than when you order in-such a welcome surprise.  Quick delivery even during peak hours.  The dine-in experience is always iffy-generally the service is slow, but the food makes up for it.
pretty delicious, good sized portions, great value with the $12 takeout deal. super easy ordering online.
pretty good service, and of course i am a sucker for naan-bread and any chicken dish with "orange sauce" as i call it.. food was good, next time i would like to try some sort of beer there though w/dinner.. place seems to always have a nice crowd as i walk by, so i am probably not the only one that would go back when i want to get my 'indian food on'... this is my official indian food spot : )
went with my bf for dinner tonight and had a good time overall!what we ate:Bok Choy Crispy Curls ($3)- literally a leaf of bok choy deep fried+ taste was decent- kind of salty- wouldn't order againChicken Tikka Masala ($10)Lamb Tikka Masala ($12)*+ delicious!!!!!!*+ not on menu, but they fulfilled my request!!plain & garlic naan ($2, $3)+ delicious!!!!!!overall,+ food was delicious+ prices were delicious+ waitstaff very friendly and courteous- service too slow (we got there at 8:15, received our food at 9PM)
Super yummy! I love that I can order from the internet. The chicken tikka masala is fantastic. They give you a ton of food!
definitely a fairly new place (i think?) tiny restaurant.food was great and prices even better-try the samosas as appetizers-wow!and yes the only good indian, or really indian at all, in astoria
Super highly recommended: the dishes are not only tasty, authentic (I've eaten a lot of Indian food through the years, cook it as well), but prepared in a light, home-style fashion that is pleasing to the palate and the stomach.  That is to say: not overly greasy, not overly salty -- more like what someone might cook at home.  Highly recommend the Rangeen shrimp and the eggplant curries.  Do not recommend the bok choi appetizer -- unless you love being salted out to the max -- but other people in this group have liked them.  The owner is solicitous and friendly, and if you make a point of it will make sure your order is ready in a prompt fashion (the one original beef we had with the place is it was SLOW -- whether for takeout or eat in, but no more -- or at least not for me; I made a point of asking for it to be speedier).  Our favorite restaurant in Astoria, and perhaps the only one where I'd say: I'd go to this restaurant even if it weren't just down the block.
Indian food is probably the one cuisine Astoria is lacking choices in. While the food is okay -- nothing great but not bad -- be prepared to WAIT A LONG TIME if you order take out. We've given them three chances and each time, delivery took over 90 minutes so we've given up on them.
Rock solid indian delivery.  Excellent customer service.  They were running behind last time I ordered and warned me in advance about how long it would take.
I live right next door to this restaurant and I strongly recommend it over any number of Indian restaurants I have been to. I am from India and so is my wife and we swear by the food. The curries are very richly textured and complex. I especially love the Kashmiri Mushrooms, while my wife is a great fan of the green chilly chicken. The chicken tikka masala is also very nice. You have the option of going spicy on some of these curries - I think medium should do well for most curries. The breads are great - the garlic nan is quite light, though I simply love the rotis - which are wonderfully authentic. The service is very friendly and speedy. Altogether a lovely Indian place and a great addition to the neighborhood.
After reading the reviews on yelp I decided to give this place a go.  The woman taking my order was extremely friendly and the delivery was fast.  I got the chicken tikka, chicken samosas, plain naan and poori.    Everything tasted great and my only complaint would be the poori seemed a little under cooked.  Definitely look forward to trying some other dishes from them.  Glad to finally find a good indian place in astoria
Food was not amazing, but certainly edible. The delivery was fast on a cold tuesday night, and all the food was piping hot and nothing spilled (so important for saucy food). I would certainly recommend if looking for Indian delivery in Astoria.
This restaurant is great. I really like their food. The atmosphere is nice and the staff are friendly. I also love getting takeout from here because of their 3 courses for $13 option and I can live off of the vegetable samosas, chicken masala and rice for 3 meals. I love their mango lassi. I highly recommend their rosemary naan.
If you live in Astoria, you know that it was a really sad place for Indian food. But not anymore! I stopped by Seva tonight on my way home from work (it's around the corner from Go Wasabi) and got the pakora appetizer, which was 3 kinds of fritters - potato, onion and cauliflower - and totally delicious! For the entree I got baghare baigan which was whole baby eggplants in a sesame tamarind sauce and was also over the top amazing. Everything tasted very fresh and was not greasy at all. The menu is vegetarian and vegan friendly, if that matters to you. The owner is a gem and told me he is planning to change the menu with the seasons- very exciting! Two more details: it's BYOB with no corking fee and you can order online from their website!
seva had just opened when i first moved to astoria a couple years ago, so i tried it out and i've never had to bother trying another indian restaurant in astoria!  the food is good, especially for the price.  when i'm in the mood for delivery, the $12 delivery special (including appetizer, entree and dessert) feeds me for 2 full meals.  the restaurant itself has a nice, quiet ambiance and it's very tastefully decorated (i love the lamps), which is not that common around here.  i like that they give you the option to specify how mild or spicy you want your dish (since i can't handle the heat!).  all in all, a well-priced and pleasant dining experience.
Sometimes really, really good, usually at least decent. Considering it's Astoria, where our Indian food options are slim, I'll take what I can get. They really don't grok the concept of "spicy," however; even if I ask for "Indian spicy," the food never is. Can't beat the prix fixe, though. I dig their fennel chicken, too.
service was great, waiters were very kind to us! and the food was amazing for having tried indian for the first time!
Solid Chicken Tikka Masala, the dish that most people order!  Good naan.  Prices are fair.  I've only ordered delivery from them and basically it's a solid place.  Is it Brick Lane? Probably not, but that's why I only gave it four stars
always delicious and consistent....nice staff............killer tikka masala and the dahl is great......keep on keepin on seva!
Food is so tasty and lunch special is cheap! I love butternut squash soup. Also staff is really nice and friendly.
Maybe my favorite restaurant of all time. Definitely in my top 5. The food is incredible and the service is top notch; personal, attentive and friendly. If you're a fan of truly spicy food, ask them and they will deliver it!
My co-workers decided to treat me to a lunch as I'm actually leaving my current job for another position.  I had remarked previously I was a big fan of Indian food, so my co-workers decided on a farewell lunch at Seva.Seva is a nicely decorated small restaurant right off the very busy 30th Avenue.Having recently eaten some pretty special Indian food locally where I live in NJ, it was interesting to see the Indian food quality in this very busy section of Queens.I ordered the Saag Paneer which was pretty good, but I say confidently I've eaten better.  Spice level was mild (I requested spicy) and the Paneer tasted like skim cottage cheese versus the richer luxuriant Paneer I expect in Saag Paneer.The spinach was fresh and a good provided an excellent texture though.My coworkers had some varying dishes like the Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Saag, Lamb Korma, and Lamb Vindaloo.  Each commented that their dishes were pretty good.I had a chance to sample two other dishes; the Lamb Korma and Chicken Saag and both were okay IMO.Lamb Korma was not spicy enough and the Korma a bit watery.Chicken Saag was okay with the same nicely cooked spinach I experienced with my Saag dish.However, the most disappointing part of the meal was the naan bread.Naan is an essential component of an Indian meal, as it provides an awesome vehicle to enjoy the delicious curries and sauces famous in most Indian dishes and Seva's variant was disappointing.We ordered two orders each of garlic and cheese naan,Both naans tasted and felt (texture wise) more like pita bread than traditional tandoori baked naan.- The garlic naan was average at best IMO.  The garlic seemed to be just garlic powder dusted onto the dough either pre and post baking.- Cheese naan was average tasting too.  Sparingly sprinkled with small bits of cheese, the cheese naan barely lived up to it's name.Both naans was relatively thin, and didn't have that slight glutinous texture you find in good naan.Finally service was attentive, but the entrees took a very long time to arrive.  I noted the time to get our entrees right around 42 minutes, which IMO is a pretty long time for lunch.Granted we had a large group of twelve people, but of one of our office staff had called Seva several days before to notify them of our large group.My dish aside, my companions fairly positive remarks was just enough to give Seva a 3-star review.
Great Indian cuisine spot in the neighborhood.. Food is a little heavy but it may also just be because I order the heavy stuff! I love their chicken tikka masala with basmati rice.. Their naan is also incredible and they offer different flavors
The weekend buffet is amazing! At $11 per person, it doesn't get any better than this.
Great food. Lamb roll is the best!! Very friendly staff and clean establishment. Can't beat the price for tasty food. Took off 1 star because they kept taking our plates away before we were finished without asking.
Super friendly place. Great happy hour and lunch special prices. Would def come back. Everyone's super nice. The food is very excellent. Trust me I have a Bengali sister in law. I love indian food!! Ayyy.
My sister and brother in law raved about this place.  I went with my sister and my nephew for the buffet.  Food was delicious, don't forget to try the rice pudding. Thumbs up for them for hooking my 6 year old nephew with a complimentary mango drink, great service here.
Excellent Indian food and service. We went there tonight after reading yelp review.  It was not disappointing.  The food was savory.  Service was good.  Restaurant was small and pack with people. We were at the restaurant at 8:30 PM and still had to wait about 15 minutes for seat.  The great food and service was worth the wait.  Mango lassi is a must try if one likes sweet drink!!
Quite frankly I am very surprised at the great reviews.  Came here based on the high rating since I work in the area.  Had the lunch special, which consisted of soup (mulligatawany) and a main dish (I had chicken saag).  Plain pappadum was also served.  The pappadum was OK.  Sauces OK. Pretty standard.  The soup was also decent, but served so hot that I was unable to eat it for 10 minutes.  The chicken saag was the offensive dish....filled with huge pieces of ginger.....it was not pleasant at all.  I've had this dish many times before and a little ginger is quite nice, but this was gross.  The chicken was also quite dry and there was a whole clove in the saag as well, which was disgusting tasting.  Really need to refine the masala and be more mindful with how much they are adding.  A clove is not very nice to bite into.  Service was fine.  Also buffet is only on weekends...sucks. The only thing I see that's a positive is their prices - very reasonable. Not in a rush to return.
ill be honest, i was skeptical about trying Indian food. the menu never appealed to me. after months of nagging me, my boyfriend finally convinced me to come to Seva.I am so upset that it took me this long to find out how much i loved Indian food! This place is amazing! The food is delicious and well priced. What makes it even better is the service. Everyone is so friendly and attentive. There is nothing bad i can say about this place. If you're looking for great, delicious, comfort Indian food, go to this place. You wont be disappointed!
Great Indian food at a great price with a nice, cute small location in Astoria.  It's pretty crowded here and Seva has a great reputation among locals.  There are always take-put orders coming out of the kitchen and the place is always bustling with customers.  Friendly service although you might have to flag someone down since it always is busy.  Food is great, more than enough for one person if each person gets a dish.  You can't go wrong with a pre-fix dinner.  I'm giving in three stars only because I find the places in Jackson Heights to be a bit better.
This is my favorite spot to order from in Astoria. Chicken Tiki Masala is my go-to. They also have tons of vegan options for my girlfriend which makes it an easier sell when we're debating where to get dinner. Delivery is always fast and fresh.
The chicken tikka masala is sooooo amazing!
Garlic Naan, Chicken Masala. Lentil soup, Samosa. The entire menu is amazing. Prices are beyond reasonable definitely bang for your buck. There is also an Indian restaurant around the corner which is always empty. That says a lot about Seva!
A cozy location with friendly staff, tasty well seasoned dishes with sizable portions.  We left with a bag full of well packed leftovers.
7 years later...I tried SEVA again and have to say food was bursting with spices, big portions and amazing prices, especially their lunch specials.
I haven't posted about Seva in two years but it's only because I've been busy stuffing my face there. My first experience was at the lunch buffet which was solid but all of my subsequent experiences have been for dinner, which has been phenomenal. The food overall is fresh, has great flavor, is well portioned, and is cheap given the quality. The staff is also very friendly.For dinner tonight, my friends and I had:Chicken samosas - pretty good and flavorful. A little heavy for a samosaChicken tikka masala - chicken pieces were juicy and the sauce with buttery and delicious Lamb vindaloo - very spicy but very delicious. The lamb is very tenderFennel chicken - ok, I know the name of this dish doesn't sound exciting but this is my favorite dish at Seva which is saying a lot. Great flavor and juicy chicken. Can't get enough.Daal - a type of lentil soup. Delicious mixed with the lamb vindaloo over rice.Overall fantastic food and I keep going back over and over. Highly recommended as one of the best Indian restaurants in NYC.
I've been coming here for years, and I have yet to find a better Indian restaurant. The vegetable samosas were delicious-Full of flavor with each bite! The crab cakes were just A-OK so don't waste your time or stomach space on them. I also had the mulligatawny soup which is still the best soup ive ever had. The lamb spring rolls were just divine. I had the chicken tikka masala which was complimented by the coconut naan- holy lord. Words cannot describe! My sister and boyfriend each had a lamb dish which was seasoned to perfection. The portion sizes for the pre-fixe meals were bigger than you expect- I could hardly finish the complimentary rice pudding for dessert! Definitely a great place to bring friends and family!
Best Indian food in NYC. Awesome mulligatawny soup and can't recommend the vegetarian entrees enough, and this from an omnivore.
Best Indian food in Astoria by far and probably some of the best in the city. Their samosas are huge and delicious with great heat. My favorite is the navratan (vegetable) korma. They use Fresh vegetables, not soggy frozen ones like many other Indian restaurants. The veggies still have crunch but are cooked. Delicious!The buffet is great too- I think it goes till 4pm. Great selection and good price.The interior is nice, but small. I wish they would expand to be able to have a more "date night" kind of atmosphere.Also the servers are very kind.
I had vegetable tikka masala curry with little bit spicy. it had zucchini, carrots, and broccoli and they were cooked perfectly!! I enjoyed creamy source too. If you like spicy food, you probably wanna go with normal or spicy so that you can taste it;)As a vegetable lover, I wish they added just 2-3 more vegetable in the curry!
Delicious food!  We went for dinner, and it was pretty crowded on a Friday night, but we only had to wait ten minutes. We all had the prix fixe menu, and it was $14.95 with an app,  entree, and dessert. It was more than enough food, and I loved the flavoring in the different sauces.  It was well balanced; normally I don't like to have too many sauces on my food because there's too much cucumber or whatever else.  We had samosas and lamb spring rolls for our apps, and the portions were huge. The lamb spring rolls were SO SO good.  For entrees, we had saag paneer,  lamb saag, and chicken tikka marsala.  They were all great, and we couldn't finish our portions.  Obviously had to get some garlic naan, too. I could've lived without desert... we were so full.  Definitely coming back!
I love this place. Food is great and it can be as spicy as you like. Delivery is so quick and always courteous. I also like the fact that it's a BYOB. Strongly recommended.
Great food and good service both in the restaurant and has quick delivery times. This is my favorite Indian food in Astoria, everything I've tried has been great! They give you plenty of sauce with your dishes so that you have enough to cover your rice when you have the leftovers (one entree is easily 2 meals).
Legit the best chicken vindaloo I've ever had! - not kidding. I have very high standards for Indian food and this was legit. It was spicy - 10/10 is what they said. But it wasn't spicy where your taste buds are shot. More of a lingering spicy that had heat. ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS.
Seva is by far one of the best restaurants in NYC that serve Indian cuisine. The restaurant is clean, tranquil, and inviting. The chef cooks with passion  and you can really taste it. Nothing taste like it was frozen nor stored for days. Everything tastes very fresh. If you are a fan of garlic bread, go with the garlic naan. The vegetable samosa are very delicious. The chicken samosa is a bit more on the spicy side. The chicken Tikka Masala is amazing. Give it a try.... you won't be disappointed
Takeout and dine in experience are both great. Favorites:Appetizers -veggie samosa, lamb spring rollEntrees -chicken tikka masala, malai kofta
Amazing! Delicious food, great service and wonderful ambience. Definitely recommend Seva.
If you're looking for wonderful service with great food,  look no further!  I was so impressed with how much love and care they put into making customers happy,  I couldn't help but hug the manager before leaving.  The ambience inside is dim with pretty lights, great for an intimate evening. The food is packed with flavor and they even serve you delicious snacks while you decide what you want to order.  Overall, great place and people,  ensuring a good time!
Seva is hands down the best Indian spot in Astoria.The wait for the food is always long, around 30 minutes, but they give you chips with sauce to hold you up until the food comes. The food is made homemade and fresh, which is what takes it so long. The staff is very friendly and they all seem to be close to each other, which is a nice vibe to be in.It's a pretty small restaurant, but it really delivers.They have vegan and vegetarian options, my favorites being either the chana masala or the vegetarian masala. It comes with basmati rice and it's a heaping amount. I always get a side of naan. Ugh, I want it right now. It's 10 AM and I want spicy Indian food. There's clearly something wrong with me.Even when I'm full at this place, I always want more. I eat until I'm ready to pop, because the food is so good you never want to stop eating. Then I go home and take a nap and it's always just the happiest of days when I come to Seva.
I am not sure why this place has such good reviews. This is the worst Indian restaurant I have been to! I am an Indian and you can trust me on this review. I always tell ppl that you can judge an Indian restaurant by how good their biryani is. I did order biryani, omg it was so bad! There was no flavor whatsoever and it was so bland! Then we ordered some curries, nothing great about them as well but definitely better than their biryani !
The best Indian food...ever. The apps, the entrees...extremely delicious.   They have these lamb rolls that are, kind of, like egg rolls, only with lamb...amazing.  I once heard some drunk dude complaining that his food was 'over spiced'.  The manager and wait staff were mortified and, subtly, went to every table asking if everything was cooked well and to our liking.  And, of course, everything was perfect.  That nut-job just couldn't take serious vindaloo.  I could eat more of their vindaloo just thinking about it!I moved from Astoria to Manhattan on the UWS and I still can't find an Indian restaurant of high quality or one that has the deliciousness of Seva.
This is an excellent intimate Indian restaurant. Nothing particularly fancy but well-done. Seva is a small restaurant in Astoria. It serves both vegetarian and non-vegetarian food. I went for lunch and enjoyed the experience. It is like that restaurant that follows the phrase "I know a little place around the corner."We had the price-fixe menu for $14. So much food. Enough for days really. I had a sweet lassi, which was good but came with ice. But is a must if you get the vindaloo. I ordered the lamb vindaloo. The heat is phenomenal. Not too much. Not the spiciest food I've ever had, but it has some serious heat. Great taste and a lot of food. The kheer should help calm down the palate.  Seva has all of the classics. Not an extensive menu, but what is done well is worth the trip.
It was 2:45 on a Sunday afternoon and we lingered in Seva's doorway, wondering whether we should come in if the much acclaimed weekend buffet (which runs from 12 to 3) was only open for another fifteen minutes. Seeing this, the smiling owner kindly offered to keep it available for a little while longer and ushered us in. In the end, our greedy appetites loaded up the first plates so heartily, I doubt we would have needed the extra ten-minute window. When you read 'buffet', don't imagine endless aisles of steaming hot bars and plates that get piled high with a disharmonious medley of sixteen different entrees. If that's what you're expecting, Seva's lunch bar will seem disappointing at first. The all you can eat buffet is housed in a small nook near the entrance and can hardly fit two guests at once. However, what it lacks in size is made up for in spades with quality. Guests are welcome to a thoughtful arrangement of some of the most-loved items from Indian cuisine. The basmati rice and naan need little by way of introduction; they are hot, fluffy, and form the perfect carb foundation for the entrees to follow. I spooned amply from the two vegan options available available - the samosas and the chana masala. The chana here is lovely - creamy chickpeas with a fragrant and spicy sauce that get the slow sweat going. The samosas were notable as well, though not as much for the flavors and textures. They're the same fried potato and pea turnovers that you'll find elsewhere, with the familiar bowls of sauces available, but we audibly gasped at the size of them. It would be no exaggeration to say that they were about the size of my fist and after eating two of them, I was stuffed like a Thanksgiving turkey and down for the count. The fiancé kept going for a little while longer and managed just a few more bites than I. His knife went largely untouched because the chicken broke easily enough under his fork and he had no complaints about the saag paneer and a vegetable curry. The food was good, and the service was even better. Though the small restaurant had most of their tables filled, a server would seemingly come by to refill our water glasses after every sip and gulp. Finished dishes were quietly taken away and even with the looming close of the buffet bar, there was no felt pressure to hurry up and finish so that they could start putting things away. For a mere $11, this is a fantastic way to satisfy an enormous appetite with boldly flavorful and well-prepared Indian food.
Wow, such good Indian food. Some of the best I've ever had. Deliciously flavored dishes that are more than just spicy. I could taste a lot of the herbs and spices used. For example, the Aloo Gobi had a distinct flavor of coriander seeds, which was a nice addition. The Daal was also nice and creamy and earthy. I totally get the hype now and it was worth the 20-minute (or maybe a bit longer) wait to be seated. The space isn't that big so they can't accommodate that many people. But the service was great, and I'm happy their menu identified which dishes are vegan (even though I usually have no problem figuring out which ones are vegan when eating at Indian restaurants ... just need to avoid cheese and yogurt).Will definitely need to try to come here for a weekend brunch.
Just a note: I love Indian food!Seva is a small and intimate and definitely unassuming place. The atmosphere is dark and candlelit at night, perfect for a dinner with one or two friends. I would recommend a reservation if you don't enjoy waiting. The food is delicious. I've only had the chicken, but it's super tender. The tikka masala is a favorite, but I like the saag. It's spinach and not spicy at all unless you request it. I've heard rave reviews on the lamb spring rolls but I can't give an opinion. My SO says it's "banging". The pri-fixe is a great deal. Comes with an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I always order a side of naan because the entree has such great sauce.
It's great! I loved the food and it had good veggie options.
Fantastic food, so far above the mark. Generous portions of tender lamb or perfectly cooked chick peas or anything else great. Superb rice with wonderful spices. Fantastic naan, including coconut. Amazing price fixe deals. Lovely people, too. So happy to have landed here at the end of the work week. Great wine deals, too. But most importantly, the food, the food, the food!
Great food and pre fix deal is well with it! Husband is a huge fan of the lamb spring roll and the tikka masalas are delicious.
Amazing.  We started with the appetizer sampler.  For $9 you get a lot of food.  My favorite was the Pakora - cauliflower and onions balls. Then we had the paneer tikka masala. Amazing. You must get a mango lassi. Great food and service.
I'm currently waiting on what is approximately my 9,742nd order from Seva, so I figured it was high time I wrote this review! Seva is my absolute favorite for Indian takeout in Astoria. The food is always delicious and consistent, and the delivery is prompt. My go-to is the vegetable tikka masala (spicy- and they mean it!). I've also been to their weekend buffet a couple times and you just can't beat the quality and price. The staff is super friendly, which gives the place a  nice, welcoming vibe. As others have mentioned the place is indeed small, so avoid going with a huge group if you want to get a table.
I've been here three times now, and I'm going to keep coming back. The food is both authentic and delicious. Just stay away from the soups and you'll be fine (they're not Indian).Get the lamb spring roll!!!! It is the best thing on the menu. It's a good sized portion too and quite filling. I've had this all three times I've been here. This is what I come back for.The saag paneer is good too, as is the chicken tikka masala. Both wonderful dishes you should try. Each of them comes with a hearty portion of rice.We also got two naans. One garlic and one onion. Onion was definitely better.For dessert we got kheer(rice pudding). It was nothing special. If you're craving something sweet at the end if your meal, get it. Or else skip dessert.We were just two people and we had ordered too much food as usual. For two i would recommend the lamb spring rolls, one entree, and one naan.
If you're looking for Indian food this is the place to go nothing compares Seva is delicious!!
I went here with family a year ago and tried it again recently and both times it was excellent. Service is awesome and the staff is very friendly. Food is amazing and the prices are very reasonable. I only wish I lived closer so that I could enjoy it more.
Always a great Indian experience at Seva. service can be slow at times but the food is always lovely and served in such beautiful pieces. Definitely recommend their sag paneer!
Came here for the lunch buffet which they do on the weekends!! Chicken tikka masala was the best but some of the other stuff was great too. 4 stars for the food and 1 more for the value. My friend and I ate so much great food for like $13 dollars. Will see how it compares to the other two Indian food spots on 30th ave, but this place is bomb.
My husband and I went based on reviews. It's a small place but great food. They have a pre-fix menu which was just enough food. The chicken tiki Masala was excellent, the garlic Nan bread was delicious. The service could not have been better. My husband even tried Indian beer aand really liked it. We are going to use them to cater our next event. So good and clean!!
This is our go-to Indian spot in Astoria.  Food is consistently good & the prix fixe menu can not be beat for the value.  My favorites include: Vegetable Samosas, Masala Crab Cakes, Garlic Naan, & Malai Kofta.  Unfortunately, I can only go to 3 stars due to finding a hair in the Kheer one time.  This would normally be a deal-breaker for me but I was able to get over it since I hadn't consumed any yet.  Dear Seva: Please note.
4.5 stars, I swear. The food here is pleasantly surprisingly probably better than most Indian places in Manhattan. It both meets my heat level requirement, though, this round I didn't ask for anything insanely hot, and it also didn't send me into waves of stomach pain and feeling overwhelmingly full like most curries tend to. I came here for a birthday. Well, I came here for Steph P.'s boyfriend's 'surprise not so surprise' birthday. Numbers of us trickled in gradually and the waiters and staff were totally accommodating for not having a full round table (I know they're square) ready to go. As we waited for the birthday boy I enjoyed a number of $5.50 glasses of red wine. It's not bad. But totally recommend you go the Shiraz route instead of the Cabernet. A couple various Indian beers were on the menu as well for around $4. While waiting we were also presented with those Indian cracker chips: Papadum. It came with green and brown sauce. The green sauce, so I am told is just cilantro with some heat thrown in for effect. But the green sauce is LIFE. I can drink a bowl of that. The brown kind of tasted like bbq sauce.For an entrée I ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh: It's a cardamom-cinnamon curry with cloves and nutmeg. Really flavorful, not insanely spicy, but a decent kick to it. Meat was tender and not chewy at all. Along with that, a side of regular naan bread that comes out like a huge pillow. I also sampled a taste of the Chana Saag: Spinach, chickpeas, ginger, and cardamom. Must say, the vegetarian options from what they looked, smelled, and tasted like were better than I would expect. This place both has lunch specials for $8 for soup & vegetarian dish and dinner specials for like $14 for an appetizer, entrée, and desert. AND they do brunch buffets on weekends for only $10. AND they do delivery specials. They need to recreate this in Brooklyn.
The Vegetable Samosa appetizer was huge and delicious! Then I ordered the Lamb Korma, which was amazing and my partner ordered Chicken Tikka Masala which was splendid! In addition, the service was superb.
Weekend buffet is so so good, it's relatively extensive for the amount of space they have in the restaurant.Everything is flavorful and spicy in the best way possible. I covered my plate twice in every curry possible and I love how deep the flavor palette can be in indian cuisine so this met my expectations!
Coconut Nann is the way to go! It's true my friends... The reviews don't lie. Unfortunately I didn't get to dine in the cozy intimate atmosphere but my unexpected large portion of take out made up for it... On my drive back to Brooklyn the aroma of the food said to eat me NOW! And surely when I got home my lamb and chicken was to die for! Can't wait to go and dine in.
This place is awesome 10/10 very cozy chilled spot  awesome customer service very friendly and the food is amazing.
We have only ordered in or picked up, but the food is delicious and the service is great! I personally recommend the Chana masala. A great neighborhood spot!
This Review For Delivery:Decent Indian food but not as good as what you can get on Hillside Ave. around Jamaica Estates. I think it is made for a certain palette. This is not so much their fault as it is the area and patrons likely and here's why I say this:We ordered the Fennel Curry Chiken and Chicken Tikka Masala. I think there was a little too much cumin flavor in the Fennel Chicken and the Tikka Masala lacked a kick. Keep in mind we did order plain but it ended up being a little TOO plain. As in there was almost no paprika or any kind of spicy condiment at all. I mean if you're going to eat Indian food there will be spiciness, so we estimated their "normal" would be about a "medium" on the spicy scale. I think this could be solved with a more gradient scale offering at least 3 options instead of just two.Delivery was quick and prompt and portions were generous. Naan was great. The chicken samosa was a bit lacking a kick as well but I don't recall there being an option to choose spiciness level on that item. Admittedly I don't eat Indian food often as it often doesn't agree with my digestive system even if it tastes good - But I used to eat it fairly frequently when I was younger (and immune to such effects). If we dined in it'd probably be 5 stars. I think the ambiance looks great from outside and perhaps there would be an ability to specify or sample the spiciness level first. In the past it used to be simpler for me (I just said make it hot) but now I need a medium which seems to be more of an art than a science. It can make all the difference in a dish.
I've been to this restaurant for their lunch buffet and their $14 dinner prefix.  Both are great value meals.The buffet had sufficient variety and the food tasted fresh.  Mmm... butter chicken.From my experience with their dinner prefix, everything is delicious.  The lamb spring roll is the best appetizer out of the choices available.  It is crispy, has heat and is super delish.  The mix of spices works.  We've had the chicken masala (very good), chicken saag (ok), and lamb vindaloo (HOT but I still like).
We are big fans of the east 6th street Indian row, and have seen a lot of variation in quality. Sebastian is TOP NOTCH New Delhi cuisine. Delicious kurma, Biriani and fresh , steamy poori bread. Excellent service and take-out. Considering their popularity, they are remarkably quick delivering a meal.I highly recomend!
Seva is a Indian restaurant in Astoria. I came here with a group of coworkers for dinner. The restaurant is fairly small. I made a reservation but it wasn't necessary, since there were plenty of open tables throughout our meal. We ordered a couple appetizers and six entrees - each entree has a "regular" and "spicy" option, and it comes with a big portion of rice. The vegetable samosas are huge so you could probably share one order with 3 or 4 people. I was annoyed that the servers filled our water every two minutes. The cups HAD TO BE filled to the brim AT ALL TIMES. The food is good. I really like the malai korma, which are little croquets in a creamy coconuty sauce. It's sweet and savory. It's a casual restaurant, and we felt a little off being in work attire. The food is good, but it's worth a trip to the restaurant. They are popular with their delivery (which is free), so I'd recommend that instead.
They have a delivery and dine in special; $14.95 gets you an appetizer, an entree and dessert.  I usually get the vegetable samosas (beyond good), the lamb saag (which costs me a buck extra - because of the lamb, but is soooooo delicious), and the dessert that's like a rice pudding (I never liked rice pudding before, but I LOVE this one). I've also had the butternut squash soup (it's exquisite), chicken/lamb korma, the lamb rogan josh, the chicken/lamb biryani, many types of naan...it's all amazing and very reasonably priced.  The rice is perfection....I just love this place. Oh! They also have a $10.95 all you can eat buffet from noon to 3:00 p.m. every weekend. I've never been, but hear it's a solid buffet.
Went for dinner with a friend tonight at Seva. Was full when we arrived but the wait staff spoke to us almost straight away and had a table ready for us within a short time. They were quite attentive. Service was quick and accommodating. No complaints whatsoever. Quite the opposite. Ordered some appetizers and a main between us and everything was delightful. Would definitely recommend this place. I will be back again.
This place is amazing! I'd ordered delivery and was exited to go there and dine and it was so worth it. The staff are very attentive, we did not want for anything during our visit. Coming from the UK I'm very familiar with Indian food and this was some of the best I've had. The dhal is divine, paratha truly delicious and delicate, saag paneer excellent. I loved the touch of fresh ginger. Go here and eat - you will be very happy!
I've been meaning to write a review about Seva for YEARS! As a former Astorian, I can tell you that Seva is as good as it gets for Indian food in the Queens area and is easily superior to any overpriced Indian cuisine I've ever had in Manhattan. This restaurant is small and cozy, with impeccable service and food that is both flavorful and filling! My favorite options are the chicken tikka masala (spicy) and the masala crab cake, though I have tried their saag paneer and have no complaints there either! Seva has been consistently enjoyable with every visit and my husband and I go out of our way to dine in or take out whenever we are in the area. If I were to think of what my best dining experience has been in Astoria, Seva immediately takes the cake.
Seva used to be my go-to for Chicken Tikka Masala, but the last time I went, it was a much lighter color (maybe more cream?). It tasted fine (albeit RIDICULOUSLY salty) but within 30 minutes I started feeling ill.  I spent the entire night awake with heartburn and other unpleasantries I won't go into here. Honestly, the heartburn and dehydration was so bad I almost had to miss work today. My husband had green chili chicken and he was fine.I talked to another Astoria friend about my experience and she said the SAME THING happened to her with this dish. It made her sick for two days.  I don't know what they've done differently to this dish, but buyer beware.
Fantastic butternut squah soup, lamb korma and probably the best nan I've ever had. Prix fixe menu is impossible to eat entirely. :)
Authentic Indian food with great service! Lamb Vindaloo is a must try for people who like it extra spicy :)
Sevaaaaaaaaaaa! I order from here all the time. It's fantastic. The food is consistent and delicious. The service is good. The quality of the food is higher than any other Indian place I've tried in the neighborhood.I wish I was eating this food right now as I write this.
Being Desi (Indian/Bengali) makes me very picky when it comes to eating out at Indian restaurants. We decided to come try out Seva after reading some great reviews here on yelp and it did not disappoint. We started with their famous Lamb Spring Rolls which were amazing!For our main course we ordered their Lamb Vindaloo, Palak Paneer and Karahi Chicken...everything was exceptional. Even their portions were huge compared to other Indian restaurants so we had enough left over for lunch the next day. I also loved their green chutney and the waiter was very kind to pack me a few extra. This place is a keeper and I can't wait to go back!
I've come here once or twice for their weekend brunch special which is basically an ALL YOU CAN EAT BUFFET FOR $10. MY GOD WAS THEIR FOOD FANFREAKINTASTIC!!!I've tried some delicious creamy wilted spinach stuff, amazing lamb korma, juicy chicken tikka masala, chicken samoas, their white basmati rice is buttery and cooked perfectly and their na'ans are rich and fluffy.Whether it's buffet or made-to-order, Seva's food is fresh and delicious. Down to their homemade chutneys, sauces (fantastic cucumber raita!).Decent wine selection and interesting beer list make this place a one-stop shop for a delicious meal that won't break the bank. Plus when I checked in with Yelp I got a complimentary glass of wine (or you can also get a free bottle of beer!)The service here is also great, our waiters have always been friendly, warm, accommodating and efficient. Seva doesn't cut corners in service or food quality.I really need to come back here again. They're my 2nd favorite Indian restaurant in Astoria, but not too far away from #1 at all (which is Saffron on Broadway) - and they're right next to Sweet Afton which makes me happy because I like that place a lot.5 stars and lots of smiles and stuff.
Bomb Indian food in Astoria. I love Indian cuisine and this is one of the best I've ever had in NYC. Super attentive service, well-priced delicious food. My go to spot for Indian going forward. Will be back.
Awesome Indian food, great service, we asked for extra gravy and they obliged without any issues, the samosas were great, the malai kofta was rich and tasty, good job guys!!:) will definitely return!!
Fantastic Indian restaurant in Astoria.  Most importantly, the food is superb. We had Nan, tandoori chicken and Lamb with cinnamon, as well as a mango lassi.  All were fist rate.  The service was also very good: friendly, knowledgeable, attentive (but not hovering).  Also, the prices are very reasonable. The atmosphere is fine, not distinctive, but clean and up to date.  Definitely try it out!
I've never been to Seva, but I did an online delivery order from them through Yelp a few weeks ago.I don't have Indian food often, but I do crave for it if I haven't had it in a while.  I found Seva through Yelp and decided to give it a try.After reading a few reviews, I decided to get the Lamb Spring Roll, Chicken Samosa, and Chicken Tikka Masala.  First off, this is way too much food for one person.  I don't know what I was thinking.. but I wanted to try everything!The lamb spring roll was like the size of a brick, and you get two of them.  It was a little greasy, but so flavorful and tasty!  I love the gamey flavor of lamb, and the seasonings that Seva used made the spring roll amazing!The chicken samosa was the biggest samosa I have ever seen.  Again, this came with two.  The prices are phenomenal for all the food you get!The chicken tikka masala was perfect.  The sauce was nice and creamy.  The chicken was perfectly tender.  And the rice paired very well with it.Delivery service was on time.  Would like to come to the restaurant and dine in one night.  Delicious!  Great find in Astoria.
Great food we have been here many many times. Service is always A+ but they really impressed me this time! My wallet had dropped out and luckily the service staff found it. With several hundred dollars in there they could have easily not said anything but i called up Seva and they had it. Went back the next day and retrieved my wallet with all the money! Very happy that there are good people running an excellent business still left in NYC. As far as the food we always get the chicken tikki masala and a garlic naan it coconut naan. Both excellent. The pre fixed special is also extremely reasonable.
Love love love this place.been there 3 weeks in a rowthe staff is great and the food is amazinglarge portions can't beat the pre fixe menu price
Omg,eating here is like se on a plate. I'm not kidding, I am so serious, I feel like I was making love to my food as I ate it. My belly kept screaming, "YASSSSSS." Look I am a very picky eater and what I look for in a restaurant is customer service and food with flava. Its gotta have flava else what is the point. The food here was sooooooo good I was baffled So I had the mango smoothie drink, my ******* were vibrating as I drink this. chicken samosa was sooooooooooooooooo on point. this baby had flavvvvvvvaaaaa flavvvvv and the curry chicken  was the best I ha n a long time This place was recommended by a friend and im glad he recommended me to it . Go here people they have great customer service and the food you can make love to
Came here for lunch with a friend. Their lunch special deal starts at $9 which includes a soup and an entree which is served with basmati rice. And they also have a $14 pre fixe which includes an appetizer an entree with rice and rice pudding for dessert. Service was great and on top of everything. Food was yummy and rich. I got the chicken korma as an entree portion was big and very coconutty and creamy. My friend had the chicken tikka masala which she liked very much as well.
This is probably my favorite Indian cuisine in NYC. Saag Paneer here is crazy delicious! And the staff is friendly. I love this place!
Awesome local joint. The pakora, papadom, and saag paneer are my go to. Delivery is fast and reliable. Also the portions are very generous!
Perfect . Lots of options to pick from Make sure you understand how spicy your food is on a scale of 10
I have never ordered before from this place except the other day and I'm so glad I did that I ordered again.The food is divine and the delivery quick despite some other food places having difficulty finding my address but not this place! This is one of the better indian food places that I've ordered from around LIC. If you have a late night craving for this kind of food, I say go for it! YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!
I love this place! The service is always on point, they have a nice cozy atmosphere and the food is always AMAZING! Definitely my favorite Indian restaurant especially because they have coconut naan. It's absolutely delicious!
My absolute go-to spot. I don't think I'll go to anywhere else to eat Indian food.The WEEKEND BUFFET is a freaking steal. For just the cost of two halals ($14 pp including tip & tax), you can get 4-5 different types of curry (tikka masala, chicken vindaloo, saag paneer, and some kind of zucchini curry.) You also get unlimited rice, nan and my personal favorite kheer (rice pudding.) If you are busy and won't be able to make it to weekend lunch, you can always order the three course prix fixe which is just as cheap and good.The service here is also impeccable. All of the waiters are well-mannered and attentive.If you have not been here yet, slap yourself on the back of the head cuz you've been missing out!
Have been here several times, and always have good experiences. Great lunch deals and prefix deals. The appetizer is pretty filling. This time we ordered Chicken Korma & Fennel Chicken Curry from the prefix menu and they both tasted good, both are safe choices for people that have rarely tried Indian food. They used separate containers for rice and curry sauce, and provided big plates for each person, making it very easy to share dishes.The staff is pretty attentive, kept coming to fill up our water. Highly recommended if you come around/live around Astoria and feel like trying Indian food.
By far the best Indian food around. Service is always fast and pleasant and the food beats any other Indian food that I've had in Queens.
Honestly, I'm not kinda like Indian food because I had bad experience before..But when my husband ask me to try once again.. So, okay I said to my husband ... When my husband ordered it for me and after that I was speechless because their food was amazinggggg!!!!! And I ordered the mango yogurt and it was soooo good!!!! Nice ambience and great service... The staff take care of us.. we never asked them for refill our drink ... But They always check our table every minute...So I'll come again for sure!!!!
My second time ever going to an Indian restaurant. I'll be the first to admit, Indian food is not really something I have had positive experiences with. Seva, I was uber impressed with. I have heard from several friends that the food here was great, so I decided to go and try their weekend lunch buffet for $11 bucks. I thought, I should at least find something I like with the variety. I really enjoyed everything I tried. Something I never thought I would say, but I think I like the dishes with vegetables more than the one with animal protein. Weird... lol Also a note about the restaurant, the service was super friendly and very homey, water was always refilled as was the napkins. There were always fresh napkins on the table, guess they are used to people sweating a lot even though the food really wasn't that spicy. The food:Saag Paneer- Spinach, homemade cheese, ginger, garlic. This was my favorite dish, it was kinda like a classic steakhouse creamed spinach with cubes of cheese. Yes, please!Basamati Rice- it almost seems silly to talk about the rice, but the rice was soooo good. It was fluffy and had a really nice smooth texture.Veg Samosa- Potato and green peas turnover, mint and tamarind chutneys. I really liked the vegetable samosa, I think the samosa was fried but it didn't feel greasy at all. The potato and green peas worked nicely especially with the mint chutney.Chana Masala- Chickpeas, cloves, black cardamom, tomato, caraway seeds. This was a nice curry, the chickpea, while present, didn't offer a lot of flavor. The curry was really nice though.Navratan Korma- Mixed vegetables, almond-cashew nut, coconut. This was a really good vegetable curry, it had pieces of zucchini, broccoli, cauliflower etc that took on the flavors of the curry quite well.Green Chili Chicken- Hot green chilis, garam masala, ginger-garlic sauce. It was a green curry that had a slight kick. The chicken breast was nice but slightly tough/dry. The flavors of the curry were good but not great.Chicken Tikka Masala- Clay oven cooked white meat, light cream tomato sauce. The curry itself was really nice, the chicken breast was on the tougher side, I am a dark meat chicken person. But overall flavors I was happy with.NAN - Leavened soft flat bread, clay oven baked. I love me some carbs but the nan was just so so. It seemed rather dry and lifeless.
Awesome ambiance with friendly staff. Food was okay. Was on my way to Namaste, and decided to stop by here with a friend instead. I ordered the Chicken Makhani, mango lassi, garlic naan and a potatoes samosa. The chicken was pretty salty along with the samosa, but it wasn't horrible. The naan and the mango lassi was delicious! I've only had Namaste delivered once and it was delicious. My friend who has been to Namaste before made the comment that the food was the same or slight above this place's.
God damn, this place is so good. Let me preface my review by saying that I am not Indian--I'm a white dude from Jersey. However, I have literally been eating Indian food since I was in the womb, as my mother was a waitress at an Indian restaurant when she was pregnant with me. Can't make that up. I eat Indian food more than my Indian friends. I've tried everything in this city from holes in the wall, to Michelin star spots, to lunch buffets. That said, this is some of THE BEST Indian I have ever had. Saying it is simply the best in Astoria is selling it very short.  I'll keep the part about the food brief because it is all amazing. I can't sit here and list everything. Just go and try it for yourself. The staples (tikka masala, samosa, naan, saag, papadam) are all top notch. The lamb spring roll is funky, but delicious. Personally my favorite item is the Vindaloo. I tell them to knock me on my ass with the heat and they bring the pain. You pay for it later, but it's worth every bite. It's become sort of an inside joke between my lady and me that whenever we don't know what to eat I just suggest "Seva Indian Cuisine" because I love it so much. This usually happens like every other day or so. My only beef (get it?) with this place is that it's super small and a little tight at times. The food is so good that they can afford to expand to a bigger location and stay packed...preferably near me.
I came here on a Friday night with a small group of friends and waited about 20 minutes to be seated. We all did the prix fix menu which gets you an appetizer, entrée, and a dessert(kheer aka delicious rice pudding) for only $15. I ordered the vegetable samosa, navratan korma and of course kheer. All of it was freaking amazing. We also shared garlic naan and coconut naan which was out of this world. The costumer service was perfect. I couldn't get a full glass of water down without it getting filled up immediately. This may be my new favorite Indian spot. Please give it a try!
Love that they don't water down the spice level in their dishes. For people who can't take the heat, they allow you to choose how spicy you want it. The prix fix menu is the way to go! My favs are the lamb saag and lamb rogan josh. Warning to those needing to use the bathroom, watch your step down the stairs. I almost ate it the first time I went.
Of all of the Indian restaurants that we have in Astoria, Seva is by far the best. We have a preference for vegetarian and chicken dishes. They are one of the only local restaurants who do not charge you extra for white meat. Their food is always consistent. My husband had zero interest in Indian cuisine but after so many positive experiences with Seva, he is a convert. We especially favor their soups, Mulligatawny, butternut squash and daal are always consistent, light and fulfilling. Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Tikka, Malai Kofta, Chana Daal, Chana saag are among our favorites. We usually pick up or have delivery. All of the staff is polite and courteous. Seva has been part of our community a while now and we hope that they find so many successful years ahead.
First time eating Indian food. I was worried I wouldn't enjoy it. I was pleasantly surprised. After being seated, we were given a crispy looking tortilla that came with a sweet and spicy sauce. Both were delicious. The chicken Samosa was soo delicious and filled to capacity. The chicken Tiki Masala was great as well as the lentils. The garlic Naan bread was not as great as expected. The service was great. Our waitress was very attentive and the decor is nice. The only odd thing is that an Asian came to bring us the bill and there was another Asian taking phone orders and in charge of the register. It made me wonder if this was authentic Indian cuisine. The food was still great though.
This place has been great every time I've been there. The prix fixe menu is great value. We really enjoyed the samosas to start, and the chicken vindaloo was delicious and appropriately spicy. Naan was chewy and delicious. Service is good almost to the point of being obsequious. Can't wait to go back again!
I went here with family a year ago and tried it again recently and both times it was excellent. Service is awesome and the staff is very friendly. Food is amazing and the prices are very reasonable. I only wish I lived closer so that I could enjoy it more.
Never written a Yelp review before but this place was seriously so good. The food was excellent- it was flavored with real spices instead of being drowned in oil and cream. Portions were generous compared to other places I've been. I also like spicy food, and using their 1-10 scale what we ordered was spot-on satisfying. Also- the service was excellent! The waitress replaced my napkin without my even asking and was very attentive. I was super impressed.**DON'T MISS the coconut naan. OHmygod, it was good.
Looking to broaden my culinary horizons, I visited Seva. The place is small, dimly lit, and cozy. I ordered the appetizer sampler and the butternut squash soup. Those two things alone quickly filled me up! Service was impeccable. Can't wait to return and further explore the menu options :-)
My apologies to Seva Indian Cuisine.  Tonight we ordered from Samosa Bites.  A neighbor swore by them so we decided to give it a try.  Bland, mediocre and missing so many of the complex notes your dishes hit on a regular basis.  There is nothing worse than waiting an hour for delivery and sitting down to a blah meal.  Blech!We promise to order from you and only you going forward.  Thank you for being in our neighborhood.  See you soon.
$10-$12 for lunch buffet (I forget the exact price) on a Weekend. What a steal!Although I was hoping the Chicken Masala would be a bit spicy, but that's the price I pay for getting buffet.Everything's really good. I only tried the buffet, but the other dishes looked delicious.
Im addicted to their crispy lentil crackers, which they generously offer at the table with sauces of varying heat.  Is it a cracker?  The texture is crisp and melts in your mouth, while the shape and size resemble a tortilla.Start with the thick and creamy butternut squash soup, served piping hot, and generously portioned.  Hint of cardamon, salt and cinnamon, I was satisfied and full with this hearty soup and did not need additional food, but carried on.  The 14.95 special grants you an appetizer, entree, and taste of kheer pudding, which swats your rice pudding buds in the face with flavor... Sorry not sorry...Chunks of juicy chicken in a velvety Korma, you can taste the love in their food.  Its really special.   Take note, Thai Palace in Brooklyn. This is how its done.
