This place is so good. And so cheap. Get the peanut butter noodles and pork dumplings. Skip the fish soup- burnt my mouth for 3 days! 3 dishes and 2 waters for $9 in NYC is absurd! Go for it!
Don't judge a book by its cover is the perfect idiom for Shu Jiao Fu Zhou. I was confused upon arriving at the restaurant by whether or not I've actually found it. Think the sign outside isn't of its full name. Even as I stepped inside, I wasn't fully convinced I was at the right place. It's a frugal, no fluff hole-in-the-wall.But oh boy, can they cook! The dumplings, wheat noodles, rice balls, and fish balls are excellent and so so cheap. 5 entrees came out to be ~$15. We left a generous tip because of the price and how friendly the staff was. Turns out you can definitely eat well in New York with 5 bucks or less. The only thing I didn't really care for was the beef tripe soup. Everything else was authentic and top notch.Do I foresee a Michelin star in its future???:))))
They get straight to the point - cheap and filling. Their selection is limited and I'm completely fine with that. Although I was annoyed my order got pushed behind this pair that came in after me and ordered more and similar food.
Located at the corner of Eldridge right next to Vanessa's Dumpling House, I'm surprised this hole in the wall isn't flooded with people. Come on, this place serves deliciously CHEAP food and by cheap, I mean that my boyfriend and I ordered peanut butter noodles, wonton soup, steamed dumplings and beef tripe noodle soup for around $10. A meal for two for just $10?! I'm not sure there are a lot of places in New York where I can score cheap Asian food like this. They also have plentiful seating so I don't have to wait impatiently to get a seat like I do at Vanessa's. Food is prepared quickly and the man who takes orders is friendly and speaks English. Honestly, the only flaw I can name about this place is the slow turnover of the trash that people leave around. Otherwise, give this place a try and both your wallet and stomach will thank you for it later.
We were looking for some good Asian food in LES and stumbled upon this place. It was walkable from my friends place so we decided to give it a try. We had the peanut sauce wheat noodles, one of the beef rice noodle soups, pork and chive dumplings, and fish pork ball soup. We barely finished half and all of it was under $10! NYC can be quite expensive so I was shocked to find these amazing prices for comfort food that tastes pretty close to the foods I've had in the streets of Asia! I personally love pork and chive dumplings but the chive flavor can be strong for those who aren't a fan. The dumpling skin had good texture and wasn't mushy/overlooked. Service was also extremely fast and they were all very nice. I definitely recommend this place for those looking for cheap and good eats!
Awesome place for comfort food. Yes, yes... the place looks run down and dirty, but where else can you get $2 wheat noodles with peanut butter sauce and $3 pork and chives dumplings (10 pc)? I split my meal with my boyfriend - our total cost of the meal was $7. For those who may be confused, you come in and order what you want. Then pay. Then find whatever seat. Wait 5 minutes. The food will be brought to you on styrofoam plates. Most people seem to leave their jacket on while eating. The sauce for dumplings are in the siracha container. Food gets cold quickly, so eat it fresh! When you're done eating, just throw your food out in the garbage and you're good to go on your next adventure! I think the noodles with peanut butter sauce is made with PB, soy sauce, and scallion. So simple, yet so delicious!! This is definitely one of those hole in the wall restaurants. Don't let the interior steer you away for what is held inside!
An amazing deal for great food. Although Vanessa's dumplings (just a couple doors down) is a more popular option, this place is both cheaper and tastier. I always get the pork and chive dumplings (a fan favorite) and the wonton soup. The wonton soup is some of the best I've had and the combination of the two is definitely filling enough for dinner. The place definitely isn't the most sanitary place, but service is good and the people working there are really nice and accommodating. Definitely has a neighborhood feel (they recognize a lot of customers coming in and know their order... also there are a lot of kids picking food up for their family which is cute) I'd come here all the time if I lived closer!
This little place in the corner is right next to Vanessa's dumplings. I used to love Vanessa's dumplings way back when it was a tinier store front. But Shu jiao is a great alternative to Vanessa's. It's not a very pretty looking place from the outside or inside, but its good for a place that doesn't require tips for dining in. Many of the kitchen staff are women, kind of reminds me of the women in my family doing most of the cooking. When you go in, upon reaching the counter, you can see the open face kitchen. It isn't anything extravagant, just a small prep area with about 3 large industrial, electrical soup pots. All food from this place is made boiled, in case you haven't figured out why there's soup pots for cooking. They make noodles, dry and soup based. This is a traditional fuzhounese noodle joint. For dry noodles, they have peanut sauce noodles with wheat noodles or rice noodles. These are really tasty. I usually order the peanut sauce noodles with fishball soup. Their dumplings are great too. They're pork dumplings with either chives or cabbage. Chives make it more flavorful, and cabbage has a lighter taste. The fishballs are homemade. They're filled with minced pork in the middle. This is a great go to spot for the winter time. Price is cheap and food is great. They sell packages of frozen dumplings to take home and cook. Along with fishballs and their pork ball.
5 star for its dumplings! Super cheap and delicious! Best dumplings I've had in a while. The dumpling skin is not too soft after its cooked and it has a good amount of meat inside. Buy their frozen ones to take home, totally worth it!!! Its 50 dumplings for $10. Amazing! Both the chive and cabbage dumplings are equally yummy. The chive one has a heavier taste so if you prefer stronger tastes go with that one. Their peanut noodles are also really good but for some reason my noodles were too soft and overcooked. My friend's was much better, more Al dente. I'll have to go back and try it again.  I got 6 dumplings and a peanut noodle and it was only $4. Ridiculous!!! Where can you eat so much food for so cheap in Manhattan nowadays -- nowhere except here!
hELLO???Here's a little bit of what the conversation with my friend sounded like. "I'm broke. I'm not going to eat, sorry guys." "Just come with us! It's only $2." "waIT WHAT???"So that convinced me to go.I came in and ordered their wheat noodles with peanut sauce which comes in a pint-sized bowl for just $2. I freaking love peanut butter and especially their peanut sauce. It was of a thick consistency and the noodles soaked it up really well, giving the noodles more tEXTURE!! This is a family owned business. It is quite a small shop, but don't underestimate the quality of their food.
The quintessential, cheap Chinatown dumplings and noodles right here at Shu Jiao. YES PLEASE. I am a definite FAN!Back in New York for a weekend, and the first thing I told my friends I wanted were cheap dumplings. A quick Yelp search around the neighborhood and we were on our way to Shu Jiao. Upon entering, my mouth dropped immediately at the menu and seeing the prices. How on earth do they make money off these?In no way am I complaining though, haha!They certainly know how to cater with cash-only prices. Between the three of us, we ordered two noodle dishes, fish balls, and dumplings. Everything came out under $10 which was ridiculous considering the amount of food we had. We weren't full but definitely content with what we had ordered.The restaurant itself is a bit small but we didn't have any trouble finding a spot on a Friday morning. I am guessing because it's not as famous as Vanessa's for example, but they are just as good (and cheaper) than the competition. A definite must try for anyone in the area.
This place is cheaper, has better dumplings, and shorter lines than the much more popular Vanessa's, next door. $3 for 10 dumplings, with probably the best cheap dumplings in the area (thinner skinned than anything else you can get in the same price range without going up to flushing, and plenty of filling).The only time I go to Vanessa's instead of here is when I want a vegetable dish, and even then I'll usually just get a single veggie dish to-go from Vanessa's and then get dumplings from Shu Jiao Fu Zhou.This place is a little inconsistent: maybe one out of every eight times I get dumplings here, they're a bit dough-y and undercooked. But, considering the price, I'll take my chances.
Seeing all the nice reviews on here, came to try this place with the gf who had had this placed bookmarked. Order 10 dumplings of the Chives and 10 of the Pork and White cabbage. Overall skin is thicker, and the meat is smaller than East Dumpling which is just one block down, but overall OK Seeing all the rave reviews maybe we just caught them on a bad day? Compared to Vanessa's, this place is about the same. Wanted to try some noodles, but decided against it. Maybe next time. Stars are basically based on the cheapness of this place (6 dumps for $2, 10 dumps for $3). Noodles range from $2 to $3.50 depending on the type.READ HERE!!!! READ HERE!!!! Yes ladies and gents, this is not "healthtown" but chinatown. We saw them carrying a huge 20lb tub of dumpling filling in and out of the restaurant. Later we saw them carrying huge tray of dumplings in and out of the restaurant as well. Kitchen probably too small for them to prepare all the foods in the actual commercial kitchen. Hopefully this place doesnt end up like prosperity.....I do feel bloated and stomach doing churns sitting here writing this review one day later. Been gassy all day yesterday Sunday, and now I'm at my desk working and concentrating to holding in my noxious farts so I don't contaminate the office floor with my sulfur rotten egg smelling gases that seem endless. I remember last time this happened, one of the coworkers from across the floor several hundred feet away from me complained how it smelled like old man farts that had poo'd himself. Not sure if it is from the dumplings, but typically even at dirty restaurants I don't get food poisoning or sickness. Maybe my stomach is finally failing me. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!!4 Stars for how cheap it is.3 Stars for the food.2 Stars for health concerns.
Ridiculously delicious and cheap peanut butter noodles and pork chives dumplings...definitely will be back for more
For the quality of food, this place has amazing prices. The dumplings are so flavorful, steamed or fried (I prefer steamed). The peanut sauce noodles are good, but I've had better. They have other cheap soups and noodle soups. Everything on the menu is cheap in general. If you're ever running low on money and are looking for a place to fill your stomach with yummy hot food, this is a great place to go. It's not too far from the Grand St. station -- pretty convenient.
I visit them almost every week. I like everything on their menu, especially the fish soup and wonton soup. Fish soup can be very fishy, I added lots of vinegar and pepper to it. Every item is super affordable and delicious. Authentic FJ food
CASH ONLY little place with tons of character. I got three of their staples. Pork and chive dumplings: 10 succulent dumplings in need of love; tasty. Peanut butter wheat noodles: you can only taste the peanut butter, so after a few bites it gets boring. Fish ball soup: I enjoyed them, but they're not for everybody. Overall, everything is so cheap here that you can't go wrong. If you don't love a specific item, toss it and get something else. They have plenty to satisfy your palate.
This is one of my favorite places to get cheap food that is both filling and good. My friend and I ordered wheat noodles with peanut sauce each, a large order of dumplings with pork and chives, and a small order of fuzhou fish ball soup. The whole order was only $9! I extremely love the wheat noodles with peanut sauce. The sauce isn't as watery and thin compared to other places I've tried it. The sauce is thick enough so that the noodles soak up all the sauce with nothing left on the plate. You can taste the peanut butter, so you know that the flavor is there and that it isn't watered down. The dumplings are also good. For a large order, there are 10 dumplings. An amount that can be easily shared with a friend. The dumplings with siracha taste the best. The dumplings don't taste frozen, they taste like they were freshly made. The fuzhou fish balls, to my disappointment, weren't as good. The meat filling tasted a bit weird and it didn't seem fresh. The sauce of the filling wasn't there as well. However, it is still satisfying. The food is brought to you when you sit and you can stay as long as you like with no one rushing you to finish eating or to leave. The atmosphere is really nice. Although it may be loud and cramped sometimes, it's still a good place to go with a friend for a quick and cheap eat. I've been here a couple of times before and never hesitate coming back.
Miss Fu Zhou cuisine!!! So try this in Chinatown.  拌面，牛杂化，鱼丸 are pretty good!  扁肉 is so-so.  The container is plastic and the environment is not fancy but it's what you expected in a small place at Chinatown.  The food is really cheap, it only costs us $9.
No frills at all (really...food is served on plastic disposable plates). Cheap delicious dumplings. Where else can you get 10 dumplings for $3? Come for the food, not for the ambiance. A quintessential NYC Chinatown experience to eat cheap in a hole in the wall place. Dumplings are where it's at, the other stuff is so so. Peanut noodle is good but a bit watery. Honestly, just as good as Vanessa's dumplings down the street and with no line most of the time!
The food is dirt cheap. I paid $4 total for fish balls and pork and cabbage dumplings. The dumplings were ok - not the best, but not bad by any means. I love that I can get the fish balls with meat filling here - the soup has a light vinegar flavor with green onions. Will come back to try the beef noodle soup sometime. The restaurant is a hole in the wall and definitely has a strong, malodor, but the food is fast and cheap.
Wow finally tried the dumpings here at Zhou man was not disappointed. I am not really cheap when it comes to food I like to think of myself as a frugal consumer. But getting so many dumplings for $2 dollars I feel like its a steal.Man the dumplings were translucent and cooked perfectly, just add a splash of soy sauce and hmmmmm. The meat to dough ratio was perfect dam.Rents are high, coffee is overpriced and when you think you cant find a great deal up pops this place on my Yelp app. Man I love New York City, who says food has to be expensive to be good.This place rocks the dumplings!!!!! Cant wait to try more.
It's a total dive but damn, it's tasty AND SO CHEAP. We re-upped on the wheat noodles with peanut sauce after devouring the large within 2 minutes. The boiled dumplings were great and the fishball soup was also tasty (good broth!). There is zero ambiance but who cares when you can feed 4 people for $10?
I have walked by this place so many times after eating from M Tasty but never had the urge to check it out until Yelper Daisy C. recommended it.Decor: 3.5/5-Don't expect much but for what it is, it's fairly large.-Seating for about 26 people. One large table for party of 8.Service: 4/5-Overall surprisingly friendly (compared to Xi'an) and the dumplings were cooked lightning fast. I didn't even get to sit and the food was already being served.Food: 5/5-11 boiled pork & chive dumplings for $3 - the dough skin was thin and almost transparent. It wasn't doughy which I love. Flavorful and not oily. Yummy! (5/5)-7 fishballs with soup for $2 - the clear soup was quite flavorful and you could tell there was no MSG in it. The fishballs were good but not as yummy as the dumplings (4/5)-50 frozen pork & chive dumplings for $9!!I may as well just come here and get full off $9 than go to M Tasty and spend $23+tip.
Killer food and unbelievably low prices. They also don't water down their Sriracha, which if you bounce around the cheap dumpling joints, you know means these guys aren't messing around. The food is really simple but solid and delicious. Also, the dumplings rock and the main guy who is always at the cashier is really nice. Highly recommended if you want to trek off the beaten path to Vanessa's Dumplings front door and wander the ~150 feet north to these guys.
I got the peanut butter noodles, wonton soup and steamed pork and chive dumplings. I didn't like the peanut butter noodles- weird sauce and kind of boring. I didn't like the steamed dumplings either. Pretty bland and dry. The wonton soup was good though. The interior of this place is something else lol
Hearty FJ food. Since moving to NYC a couple month ago, this has been a stable for me. As a FJ, i def think this place does the best FJ food out of some other FJ places. It's a little far away from the bustling east broadway but its totally worth the trip. Great value and excellent quality. Dumpling is great. I often get beef tripe noodle soup. Fish balls remind me the ones in CHina and don't forget the signature peanut noodle and little wontons. Yummm
Minus the odd hipster walking in for a go bag between wakes and bakes, this place serves a very, very Chinese clientele. Which is usually a good thing.There were only a couple other people here on a very late Saturday afternoon. We got two large orders of dumplings ($3 each gets you a baker's dozen or so), which, while seemingly redoubtable at the start, we ably scarfed up. The dumplings were quite good, but I'm not quite ready to crown them the NYC champs.This place is good for dumpling enthusiasts and ideal for takeout. I rarely comment on these things, but it was not exactly top shelf in terms of decor and there were large flies buzzing around.
The pork and chive dumplings here are better than the ones at Vanessa's. The wheat noodles with peanut butter sauce is also very delicious!
After craving dumplings I got on my Yelp app and found this place. New York City is a place that is constantly changing, updating (read: Kicking out the old and over charging for the new) and Shu Jiao is surviving.Modest with no frills, this business is providing you with straight to the point service. Staying in you will be seated at one of the community tables. Where your plate will be served. Take out service is also an option.The dumplings were hand made freshly in front of me and came out quickly.  They were so delicious and at 10 for $3 ...yesssss.This is really a hole- in-the- wall real china town feel that left me satisfied and pleased.
Great place for dumplings!! Thin wrapping and rich contents. Way better than the dumpling house next door. Highly recommended.
Even after two years,  they keep their food consistent. Their noodle with peanut sauce is delicious. The beef starch in soup has a good bite too. I like to add vinegar into the soup. Their portions are huge and you can come out of here full with less than $5 toll on your wallet. I have to note their boiled dumplings are good too. Especially their spicy sauce.
Cheapest food place in New York. I got the wide noodles in peanut sauce and a plate of dumplings. $2 each, which meant a $4 dinner without having to pay tip/tax. You would think for a place this cheap, their food wouldn't be good, but you'd be so wrong!It's not lavish on the inside, but there are clean tables for you to enjoy your meal. You can sit down and they will bring the food, on Styrofoam plates, to you. If you're going to get noodles in peanut sauce, definitely get the wide noodles because the other noodles are just like spaghetti noodles. Really tasty and filling with good texture. The dumplings were a steal and had great flavor too! I've definitely paid more money for worse food elsewhere, and I would recommend this place to anyone who wants cheap yet delicious food.
So good and so cheap. $10 for a bag of 50 frozen dumplings.
This is my "go to spot" whenever I'm craving dumplings. 7 pieces of steamed dumplings cost only 2 bucks. For 10, it's 3 bucks. You cannot go wrong with this affordable deal! What keeps me coming back? It is definitely their soy sauce. I wish I knew their recipe!!! It's a delectable combination that pairs very well with anything steamed. I like everything salty, so this soy sauce is perfection. My best friend had to water it down a bit with some soup. Whenever I come here, I usually order 7 pieces of dumplings and my all time fave, wheat noodles with peanut butter sauce (2 bucks). A must try!! I wish there was a microwave to reheat my food. Halfway through my plate, my dumplings+ noodles are already cold. If you are coming here during the winter season, please dress warm. There is no heat here and with oncoming customers constantly opening the doors, expect to freeze and shiver for a bit. You can opt for a soup with fish balls to keep you warm. The fish balls are worth it (has meat in the middle) but the soup is pretty bland. It's just boiled water essentially with a hint of meat flavoring. Add some soy sauce to the soup, and maybe you'll be able to stomach it. If you want fried dumplings.. You have to go next door to Vanessa's dumplings. There is nothing fried* of any sort here! Personally, I don't like Vanessa's dumplings because their soy sauce is way too watered down! Dumplings,in general, can be somewhat bland. The dipping sauce really makes it or breaks it for me. Come to this spot instead, you won't regret it! Plus, the grandma here is such a sweetheart. She may not understand English very well, but you can just say the order # from the board menu. Pretty simple. Also, during my first time here, I saw a lot of people who would leave their plates at the table. C'mon, You're just eating out of one foam plate or maybe, two. It'll be a nice gesture if you can clean up after yourself by putting everything in the garbage so this elderly lady doesn't have to!
as someone who is Fujianese Chinese, i love this restaurant! it is authentic and top quality. they make the food quick, delicious, and AFFORDABLE. their peanut butter noodles can never go wrong. their fish balls soup go well with the noodles. i love their steamed dumplings and they  hand make it! i love the simple system they have. customers order and sit down. the staff bring the food to you and you dont need to leave tip. you just pay for the food which is usually a total of 7-8 bucks (noodles+ dumplings+ soup)!!
I've been going here a lot since I got introduced to it two years ago. I always get their dumplings and fishball with thick noodles which are my two favorites. Apparently a lot of people always order their peanut noodle but I'm never a huge fan of peanut butter so I never give it a try but maybe some day I will. (:
I've walked past this hole in the wall and completely ignored it. My loss! This place has some really great cheap eats. Ordered a large plate of dumplings and two peanut noodles (one rice, one wheat). Peanut butter noodles have been a staple in my house growing up, so I can't attest to the breadth of amazing discovery that everyone else seems to have had. However, I will say that this dish did not fail and it is as tasty as proper peanut butter noodles should be. Definitely go for the wheat noodles, which add great texture. The sauce doesn't coat well to the rice noodles because they are too soft and slippery.The dumplings are some of the best I've had. Forget Prosperity (which I found kinda bleh), the dumplings here are steamed perfectly and the meat is soft and well seasoned with chives. None of those icky fatty bits in the meat (yes I actually notice those).You can't beat these prices. Everything is like $2-3! Service is very friendly. Don't go here with a group, there's no room for you.
Best dumplings in NYC.Seriously, they're really awesome.The place seats about 20-25 people.Food comes out hot and fast.Bottom line great little spot in Chinatown, check it out if your into cheap dumplings.
Best place for peanut butter noodles and steam pork dumplings. Other dishes are bland and to gamey and chewy unless you  are into that stuff!
This place used to be the Panda Dumpling House but I see the same cooks which is good because I go specifically for the dumplings. There cheap and great here. Small and quaint too. Stays busy but not crowed. One id my favorite places in Chinatown
This is THE ONLY authentic dumpling place in the city. I'm from Taiwan and you can count on me for saying that Omg I'm in love with this place. It's funny how Vanessa's so close by because damn those doughy ripoffs are not dumplings. I Recommend the pork chive dumplings with peanut sauce noodles and you can get a really big meal for only $4. Go here. Seriously. But please don't gentrify this little peace of haven and take it away from us.
Nothing fancy (place is dumpy) but these people get it right. Best value in NY if you want a full belly of delicious Chinese food. I miss this place.
$2 for a filling dish of noodles over peanut sauce? Are you kidding? Yes, please. Just because, I ordered an entire feast of dumplings, wonton noodle soup, and fish balls to go with it for a total of $10.The wontons weren't really wontons. They were just tiny pieces of meat, mostly wrappers, and were super soggy. I would just stick with the dumplings!
Excellent Fuzhou hole-in-the-wall according to my half-Fujianese relatives! And cheap!!! We really kept eating...
An incredible authentic experience...! The folks that work here are very sweet and respectful. However, pretend the "soup nazi" is behind the counter....this place is a shrine, so act accordingly.
Super super cheap Fujian small eats. You'll probably spend a little more here than you would at say a dumpling place or a bakery, but the nice thing here is that that small amount of cash gets you the variety at say a cafe or 茶餐厅. Everything is simple--you order at the counter, they call it out when ready, and they give it to you in little styrofoam bowls or plates. Fish balls, beef noodle soup, peanut sauce noodles, wontons--all are delicious and authentic and will easily fill up 2 people.
Peanut butter noodles $2 FJ wonton soup $26 dumplings $2I got a fulfilling meal for only $6. The peanut butter noodles could've been a bit saltier but overall it's pretty good. It was drenched in a smooth peanut butter sauce. Reminded me of my childhood. They were really generous with the number of wontons they put in the soup. Must've been around 15-20 little wontons wrapped in the very thin white skin. The broth was savory. You could tell they used some kind of meat broth (probably pork). Dumplings were savory and filled with pork and chives. If this joint wasn't on the same street as both Vanessa's Dumplings and Prosperity Dumpling, they would get much more rep for their dumplings. Overall, was impressed with how spacious it was inside. But it was packed of course. The atmosphere is very much "in and out".
Pretty good service for a hole in the wall, they bring you your food and dont expect tips but i do anyways, you cant beat the price and the peanut butter noodles and dumplings are a guilty pleasure.
The peanut butter noodles are definitely a good and cheap choice if you're hungry! Only $2 and the sauce is light, a little to salty and less creamy than I prefer though.
Very interesting and inexpensive. Example: $2 for a bit serving of flat noodles on peanut butter sauce.Authentic, maybe too authentic. Very fast service. Doesn't seem to get crowded usually.I wish they had more veggie food.I wish they used paper plates and aluminium containers instead of plastic.
$2 for 7 Boiled Dumplings. This place is just a few doors down from Vanessa's Dumpling House. The dumplings at Shu Jiao Fu Zhou are mouth watering. The wonton skin was light and had the perfect bite. It wasn't too thick or chewy. They are generous with the filling. It was seasoned perfectly and juicy. These babies are handmade and served steaming hot. The gentleman who took our order spoke Mandarin, which worked perfectly for me. He also spoke a bit of English. If you don't speak Mandarin, don't let that stop you from coming here. When you enter, there is a huge menu written in English and Chinese. Just point at what you want and hand them cash. The total for 7 dumplings was EXACTLY 2 bucks. Tax is already included. Nice! Seating is available. The customers dinning here are primarily Chinese. Don't be scurred, we don't bite :P Order up some dumplings and allow your taste buds to jump for joy. Hot sauce, soy sauce, chopsticks, and plastic spoons are on each table. They also offer soup and noodle dishes at a very reasonable price. Most of the menu items are under $3. High five for cheap and good eats. Thanks Yelp friend Rich W. for the awesome review and extremely helpful pictures!
Meh. It may be cheap but so is cooking at home. These peanut butter noodles were too salty, and I was surprised that they were hot. I'm used to this being a cool or cold dish, refreshing on a hot summer day. Peanut butter noodles a la my dad: 1. Make noodles, and cool by rinsing in a colander under cold running water. 2. Move to bowl and mix in peanut butter and a little bit of peanut or sesame oil (just enough so they won't stick). Done. Optional: add leftover veggies and/or meat and chili sauce (homemade if possible) to taste. Also these flat eggy noodles are just blah. I would use better quality non-egg noodles. Beef soup with starch was weird, and also had the same blah noodles. I have no idea what the starch is or where it is. I wonder if it was lending the weird texture to the hunks of ground beef floating around... The sui gao (boiled dumplings) were the least bad thing but the filling had a weird flavor profile. Dumpling skins were not terrible. We make better soup and dumplings at home too. So next time, we will. ;)
These are seriously the BEST steamed pork & chive dumplings I've ever had in my life...I think I would be ok if I ate these babies every day for the rest of my life (I'm not a doctor, but whatever) - fresh, delicious pork, a super thin wrapping and perfectly steamed with delicious juices inside each and every expertly wrapped lil dumpling of joy.I practically live here (I've been a loyal patron for about 3+ years!), I'm convinced that I pay their rent (and perhaps put their children through school) - but $2 for 7 dumplings and $3 for ELEVEN dumplings is amazing! Their wonton soup is $2 and uses the same wrapping that most dim sum delicacies use - their dumplings and wonton soup is a MUCH appreciated alternative from the thick/yellow wrappings that fast-food Chinese restaurants (in NY anyhow) use.You can see the women who work here fold and stuff each dumpling with care and they exhibit great pride in their work. This places is a million times better than Vanessa's, better than Prosperity Dumplings (which IS my 2nd fave dumpling spot) and everyone I've ever introduced to this place has been impressed.My former best guy friend (edited in 1/2014)  introduced me to this place after him and our mutual other guy friend were fed up with the crowd in Vanessa's (right next door), since that fateful afternoon we became huge Fu Zhou devotees (although I will get Vanessa's if it's after 9:30pm since they will still be open...) - I've also tried their fish ball soup, won ton soup and their beef tripe soup - both were delicious although I haven't eaten these dishes at many other places so I don't have tons of comparison points.I'm craving dumplings now just writing this. Oh, and it's only $9 for a frozen bag of 50 DUMPLINGS!! 50!! FIVE-ZERO!!! Ok, I'm done :).
I'm just gonna go ahead and cut to the chase here:Goddamn these dumplings are basically perfect.minus a star for being the only place other than a strip club bathroom that I ever thought I might actually catch a disease in.
I have been here a couple times for its pork and chive dumpings and other food. This review focuses on the dumpings because they are so amazing. The pork is so flavorful that it even has the roasted pork flavor (although it is not). The combination of pork and chive is divine and tasty and juicy too. Small shop, quick service. I haven't been there for a while, wish I can visit soon.
Dumplings (5 stars):Let's level set our expectations: If you're looking for a filling meal, with as much food per buck this place is not for you. Go to Prosperity Dumpling or any other store on the dumpling block (Eldridge). HOWEVER if you are looking for a more *delicate* meal, you'll be happy with these dumplings. I personally prefer a thin, smooth dumpling skin vs a thick heavy and chewy skin, as it provides a better filling to skin ratio so I might be biased. I had a few dumplings from different restaurants this time I went back to Asia, and was surprised that I actually prefer Shu Jiao Fu Zhou's!Everything else (3 stars)I've tried their fish ball soup, don't make the same mistake as me. The fish balls were spongy and soggy, probably one of the worst I have ever tasted. The noodles were pretty good, and an incredible value. I'd say order the dumplings, and if you're still hungry share an order of noodle.Pluses: - Juicy pork dumpling filling bursting with flavor & perfect dumpling skin- Efficient staff- $9/50 frozen dumplings (pretty standard across Eldridge dumpling stores)- Less crowded than Vanessa's and ProsperityMinuses: - I believe they only offer the pork & chive flavor, which to a non-Asian taste bud may be a bit strong and leave you needing some toothpaste/gum before meeting your date. Some other places offer pork & cabbage, which is more mild.- Not many tasty alternatives to the dumplings
Food: Large Order of Dumplings - This order brings 11 steamed dumplings. In my opinion they were very good; solid job. I combined all of the sauces and let the dumplings just soak it in, and they were delicious. Cost:Lg Dumplings = $3Service/Atmosphere:Don't expect much aesthetically from this place. Although not too small, it definitely has a hole-in-the-wall look and feel.The dumplings were literally ready within 45 seconds of me ordering them. I didn't mind.Overall:This place was delicious and inexpensive; that's a win-win in my book. I would like to go back and perhaps try the noodles in peanut sauce and/or a soup. Several people were eating the noodles with peanut sauce when I walked in so it seems to be a fan favorite.
I went here today to try their famous Wheat Noodle with Peanut Sauce and it was really good! Soft, chewy and savory just the perfect combination and it's so CHEAP $2 for a plate. I also ordered the fish meatball which came in a soup that was good too. My hubby got the Pork & Chives Dumplings and it was good but NOT great then we ordered the Pork & Cabbage Dumplings just to try them out and it was okay to be honest. Out of so many dumplings that I've tried so far nothing can't beat Lam Zhou's dumplings they're still the best!
Wow. This place is a hole in the wall, but it's a great place for some cheap, quick, delicious food. My boyfriend and I were originally planning to go to Vanessa's but were deterred by the line and decided to pop next door.There's a couple of large round tables and then tables and chairs lining the walls. Pretty small space. Utensils, napkins, and condiments (soy sauce, vinegar, Sriracha, all in Sriracha bottles) are placed on the tables with little cups for the sauces. My boyfriend and I shared a large order of pork and chive dumplings and a large order of fish ball soup for $6.50. While we weren't full, we were almost there. Everything is served on disposable plates or bowls. The 10 dumplings were yummy. My only complaint is that the pork overpowered the taste of the chives and was on the fattier side, but I guess that's partly what made them so good. Aside from that, the dumplings was hot and cooked just right. The fish ball soup came with 11 fish balls and broth in a shallow bowl. I wished there was more broth. It was delicious and refreshing. The fish balls are filled; again, I found the pork on the fattier side.This is probably not the best place to go if you're trying to impress someone, but it's cheap and yummy.
I got the prok and chives dumplings again. It is delicious. I guess I got another dish this time: wheat noodles with peanut butter sauce. It doesn't taste that good. I'll try the thick rice noodles with peanut butter sauce next time to see if I like it better.
Before Prosperity Dumplings, we first stopped by Shu Jiao Fu Zhou. The restaurant was relatively spacious with a number of communal tables. The ladies working there were friendly and all smiles. We got a small order of dumplings ($2 for 7) and noodles with peanut sauce ($2). Oh my goodness, simple pleasures! The dumplings were tasty. When the ingredients are fresh, there is no real need for seasoning. And that was the case here. Nice thin skin with fresh pork and chives. A small dab of their dipping sauce. The dumplings were perfection! The noodles came with a simple yet delicious peanut and soy sauce mixture. So so good.After the disappointing dumplings at Prosperity, I walked back to Shu Jiao Fu Zhou and got an order of dumplings to go.
I remember the first time I came into here. I ordered fish ball soup - that's it, expecting standard, good fish balls. Bit into one and WHAT PORK? Mind blowingThe fish balls have the perfect "bouncy" consistency that every fish ball wants to be. The pork inside is just the right balance, juicy, and well-seasoned. The broth is a delicate, clear one that doesn't over power the fish (and has a lot of MSG, but thats what makes it so good!!!). They also have ethereally wispy wontons in soup, as well as peanut butter sauce noodles, which seem to be really popular but I can't really convince myself to order them (Isn't it just noodles and peanut sauce...?).The reason for the unique menu items? This place makes fujian food (and cheap, too). Had no knowledge of the cuisine the first time I came in, but now I know it is supposed to be light, highlight the ingredients, and focus on the "umami" flavor. It's not the cleanest but it's fast, cheap, and the lighting inside makes for a great photo op (you know this is important)!!! Service isn't as rude as Vanessa's right around the corner, so make a stop inside
Wow was this place great! Hole in the wall with a limited menu but a CHOICE limited menu. And I'm not sure there is a place cheaper in town.There are a couple of tables and a counter. You go to the order counter and then wait. Oh wait you barely wait! My pork and chive dumplings were literally ready in 5 min. They bring them out to you on a plastic plate and you get 10 for $3.00!! The skins was practically translucent and the filling was so flavorful and juicy. They offer multiple dipping sauces on the table. I was in and out of there in about 15 min. for $3.00 and stuffed. Definitely want to go back. If you can handle eating soup out of a medium sized plastic to-go container and off of plastic plates then you have to come here. I you can't you have to come here and get over it. This place is FANtastic.
YAY - fu zhou cuisine! Cheap, good, and fast. As other yelpers mentioned, this place is a hole in the wall and it is hard to find. I believe that the signboard was also not called Shu Jiao Fu Zhou Cuisine, but there was a fuzhou word in it so I went on in. I got the yan jiao (pork balls with soup) for $2 as well as 11 dumplings for $3. The yan jiao is highly recommended for those who doesn't like thick wrapper skins. The wrapping skin used for yan jiao is thin and transparent. I will be returning to this place over the next few days when I am in the Chinatown area. This is completely worth it. Be prepared to walk a little as this is on the outskirts of the touristy part of Chinatown. My meal: $5
We just randomly walked past this place on our way looking for a pho joint nearby. In the dark it almost looks like something out of a Wang Kar Wei movie of an old 1960s Hong Kong food joint. We couldn't help but going inside to find out what the place is about. There were a few minutes that we couldn't make sense of the prices on the menu, thinking it must be very tiny fishballs or one of those mini dumplings. We couldn't believe when they came out that they were actually full size! Then the taste: the noodle really taste better than it looked. You can actually taste the fish in the fishball (unlike some I've tried in SE asia). The dumpling was so good like we couldn't believe. It's probably the best dumpling around the City, other than maybe homemade ones...I can't explain the flavor. You just have to try it. It'll be worth every penny and your time.
Delicious, inexpensive. Ladies were nice. Two full meals for $10.50. Can't go wrong with that. Rice noodles with peanut sauce was good. Noodles were soft but chewy with good flavor. I enjoyed the pork and chive over the pork and cabbage dumplings.
Over the years my go to place for dumplings in Manhattan was Dumpling House. I always walked by Shu Jiao and just never thought of going in and trying the food. It just looked like any other Manhattan Chinatown shop and honestly didn't seem very appealing from the outside. Unfortunately for Dumpling House, all the hipsters, their moms, and tourists have discovered it in recent years so it's always packed. Food quality also took a hit and there's a bit of wait to get your food. So I am glad I finally decided to try Shu Jiao. The food here is ridiculously cheap and delicious. I highly recommend the steam dumplings and noodles with peanut sauce as recommended by fellow yelpers. The dumplings come with a small soup on the side. For four bucks you have a full meal here. Service is friendly and your food comes out quick. I will be back to try other things on their menu.
For $5 you can get a piping hot banmian (peanut butter noodles) and 10 dumplings, which is enough to give me a borderline food comma. I took my dad (who is from Fu Zhou) and he really liked the food and atmosphere because he got to shoot the shit with other Fu Zhou people. A lot of the stuff they serve here is pretty authentic like the fish balls with meat stuffed in them, and the tripe soup.Service is fast, food is cheap and delicious, and it's easy to order if you don't speak Chinese because you can just list the number of what you want. I've been to Vanessa's and I like the dumplings here a lot more. Vanessa's will have more variety with dumplings but I think the dumplings here are as good as any I've had in Chinatown.
The space is small and more of a hole in the wall.  After you order, find a seat and they will bring your food to you.We got the fish ball soup with vermicelli (#3, noodles were $1 extra) and the meat stuffed rice ball soup (#14).It was a cold day and when we got our soups we were eager to warm up.  As soon as I bit into my meat stuffed rice ball, I know that I would be returning to this place. The meat was pork based with the right amount of seasoning that tasted like I was back in China again.  You know that scene from the movie Ratatouille where the food critic tastes the ratatouille dish and is instantly transported back into his childhood?  Yep, that was me and the meat stuffing invoked the memories of my times in China.  To top it off, the "rice" part was actually made of sticky rice flour or mochi as some people know it as and quickly filled me up.  This is really dense and can easily be a meal in itself.  For $3 that's pretty darn good.The fish balls were the standard fish/flour mix on the outside but also had a fish stuffing on the inside that was a yummy surprise.
Price and food is just perfect!! Obviously the restaurant doesn't look high class but people are nice, food is cheap and delicious
Great food. Awesome price. The peanut butter noodle and the wonton soup are on point.
I ventured out to Shu Jiao during lunch just to see what other dumplings spots are out there... and yes, it's pretty damn amazing. I ordered a large order (of course) of 11 dumplings for $3! How is that even possible in this day in age? Such a bang for your buck. They were juicy and the skin wasn't too thick. I also ordered the wheat noodles with peanut sauce to see what all the rave was and it was just mediocre to me. The crunchiness of the wheat noodles were great and the peanut sauce was on point, but for $2.00, I'd rather order an entire quart of hot and sour soup from Prosperity Dumpling!
I've been coming here for a long time. For some reason whenever someone is depressed Shu Jiao Fu Zhou comes up and dumplings are immediately ordered. My friends Steph P. and Rich L. found this hidden gem years ago upon a drunken discovery on the lower east side. It's only $2 for 7 and $3 for 11 dumplings. These are legit dumplings. The skin is incredibly fragile and stuffed with an abundance of seasoned pork and chives. Somehow they do everything just right. I only wish the place was slightly more sanitary. They're working on it. Work in progress. They even have a fresh new white and red sign outside. But don't fret. Even if you still want some dumplings, take them to go and run over to the numerous bars that allow you to take food inside: Iggys, Local, The Magician, etc. etc. My only qualm with the dumplings is that after I eat them, I never digest them well. I have no idea what is up with that. I do hear raves though also about their fish ball soup and peanut butter noodles, which one day I have to come in for. But I still always end up getting those dumplings to go. You can even pick up a pack of 50 frozen dumplings and take them home with you for only $9!
Order and pay at the counter. Very nice people in the resturaunt. Food was good, but not great. Not a lot of flavor in any of the dishes. Bland, flat flavor. Very Inexpensive. Ordered food for 4 people. $20. (Yes this is in NYC.) The seating was awkward for a group of 4. Seating would have been OK for 2 people.
Yeah I like this place. Don't come here too much and mess it up. It hasn't changed in years...it will only stay special that way. Truth...I love this place, this dirty shacky messy styrofoam place, and I want to keep this place the awesome gem that it is. This place completes me
I had the fish ball soup and wonton soup and both are very good, especially for the price. I had the peanut butter noodles on a previous visit and they were average. They benefitted greatly by the addition of hot sauce. But it's hard to beat this place for the price.
One of my favorite dumpling houses in Chinatown. They only have steamed dumplings though.
Per their menu apparently they were previously at 279 Broome but currently they're next to Vanessa & others at same address (118b specifically). Scored an order of excellent $2  noodles in peanut butter sauce but skipped the dumplings. Enjoyed it by the window in the shabby space and doused each bite with various sauces on offer.
VERY UNASSUMING place. WHAT A GEM!Their boiled dumplings are AMAZING. I gotta go back I have a craving for it NOW!I prefer the boiled dumplings at Shu Jiao over the fried varieties.This place make a better dumpling than most that I tried on Dumpling Row. $3 will buy you a large order of these delicious boiled dumplings. Dont be intimidated. There is a English menu on the wall. And don't look at the decor.....there is none but who cares. I've also tried their sesame wheat noodles. Yum. FYI, no gratuity needed here because there is no table service.It's not the nicest place to look at but I love the dumplings anyways. No nonsense here, just dumplingsI just checked their Yelp page and I am so happy to see others trying it now. When I first went to Shu Jiao there were less than 5 reviews! For anyone who read this thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed these dumplings as much as I do. I truly believe that Shu Jiao has some of the best boiled dumplings in Chinatown....Godmother of Chinatown has spoken.....
Everyone talks about the dumplings here, and rightfully so. But la piece de resistance is actually its tiny wonton soup! I've actually never met anyone who knows what this dish even is, so let me explain - in Shanghai and Fu Zhou cuisine, (the same folks that brought you soup dumplings and hand-pulled noodles!) Tiny Wontons are made of a peanut-sized dollop of pork ensconced within an impossibly thin & delicate wrapper, served in a mild soup and garnished with scallions. There's a reason you've not heard of this dish - it's never served at most restaurants because it's so delicate that it's best served immediately (no freezing) and requires a solid broth to carry it (much more work than boiling a few dumplings and slapping them on a plain plate). Another reason may be because it doesn't really fit an American palette: so. little. meat. But I absolutely love em: brings me back to daily childhood breakfasts in Shanghai. Ideally the wontons should dissolve on your tongue, the minuscule filling should pack a shocking amount of porky flavor for its size, the soup should be light & umami, with a barely there slick of oil to add a little body. And that's precisely what you'll find here. And you'll shell out a mere two buckaroos for it, say WHAT?!I wanted to give this spot 5 stars because it's so unique & very much a jewel. But it's definitely not for everyone. I would actually dissuade you from coming to this place (without snark! or political correctness!) if you:- care about atmosphere. it's really barebones here- they use the restaurant entrance for soda storage.- don't speak Chinese. I've never seen a place less welcoming, but last time I did see a few gwailos have medium success just pointing to things on the banner menu and throwing money at the lil old chinese lady behind the register.- you are a dude. No dudes i know love tiny wontons, it's just not satisfying: too wispy, where's the pork?! BUT if you drag your man here I'm sure he'll be happy to scarf down their peanut noodles and fantastic dumplings, while you happily nibble on your wonton soup that looks like it was made for a doll.UPDATE: they've installed an AC! Yay!
I got in, ordered the large size of dumplings thinking I would eat half and bring the other half to my girlfriend, and ended up eating it all and ordering more dumplings and the rice noodles!! They were amazing!! I couldn't believe how cheap they were. The owner was very nice too. It's a place you may just walk by and not "want" to go in, but it's definitely worth it.
feeling totally mislead by the Yelp community right now! we disregarded the exterior based on the positive reviews. no idea how this place has an A rating--there was trash everywhere, the shells of some kind of seafood in a bowl on the floor, all the food storage was right next to the bathroom door (the bathroom, by the way, is a nightmare, though I'm sure that isn't surprising), the walls are stained and the peanut butter noodles and chive pork dumplings were bland at best. crossing my fingers that we didn't get food poisoning.
Despite being located in a little corner, this place surprisingly has great authentic food.Food is cheap, service is quick and their dumplings are fantastic.I prefer this store over Vanessa's, as for prosperity, it's pretty even. The steam pork chives dumplings are great with soy sauce and hot sauce!
Love this place. I come here for wheat noodles with peanut sauce, pork dumplings and fish ball soup...delicious and the real deal, and at $2-3 per dish, you just can't beat it.
Great Fu Zhou food in Chinatown. The peanut butter noodles are great. Good wonton too. And prices are so cheap.
This place is great. Amazing boiled dumplings, very good price. I went there for the first time today and will 100% be back.
I walked by this place at the corner of Eldridge and Broome  many time while visiting my brother or visiting Vanessa's for dumpling. I was always amused by the amount of people inside during lunch & dinner time. The crowd is very different then Vanessa's; they are mostly local people. Last week I happen to be snacking on Vanessa dumplings and my brother commented that it is not the best and I should try Fu Zhou Cuisine instead. Duh!"The place doesn't look inviting, they just lost their sign on the Broome St. side and no one Yelped it", I said. "I prefer the eat green eggs and ham, Sam I am." Silence. My brother never get my jokes.So the next time I visited my brother he bought me a large order of Fu Zhou's boiled dumplings and the they were fantastic!"I definitely like these dumpling instead of green eggs and ham with congee!" I said.Silence. Maybe my brother never read Dr. Seuss?So this week for lunch I headed straight for Fu Zhou to taste their dumplings again.OMG, there is no menu in English! It is all in Chinese. There is no takeout menu, panicking...(Silence and feeling lost)Wait the menu is on the wall, hurray !Elder lady behind the counter,"Blah blah blah blah?"(silence) What? I do not speak Mandarin? "Cantonese?"Lady: "Blah blah blah?"In Cantonese," I   would   like   an    order   of   dumplings       please?"Silence.Second lady, "Blah blah blah?" Silence.Both ladies," Blah blah... Blah Blah... Blah blah?'Silence.I held up $2 dollars and pointed to the cooked dumplings and I  received a small smile and a box of dumplings; money talks and I achieved an international business transaction.This place makes one of the best "boiled" dumplings I ever had. Their dumpling soup is also very good but you must get past the language barrier or bring a friend that can speak southern Mandarin.The tables and chairs are small and simple. There is no fancy deco. You may even be sitting next to the ladies that are making the dumplings. (see photo)
Very delicious, cheap, and authentic Fujianese food. The large mini Fujianese wontons tasted amazing! Must visit!
The most authentic and tasty dumplings in NYC; almost as good as the ones I had in Fuzhou, Fujian China. What I couldn't understand is how they can sustain the diner since when price is insanely low ($3 for 10 dumplings is even cheaper than that in China taking PPP into account). He place might be a little crowded but there's enough AC
Come here if you are:- hungry- want some tasty dumplings- want cheap foodThis is a big hole in the wall where you order at the counter and get served in styrofoam plates and bowls at cheap wooden tables that will bruise your knees as you take a seat in chairs that look like they are about to fall apart. Their wheat noodles with peanut sauce is a simple dish that you makes you feel ripped off, until you take a bite. It's only $2, but if you like carbs, peanut butter, and some salty goodness, order this.Their dumplings are 7 for $2, hard to beat. They are stuffed with ground pork and chives. Delicious.Their soup noodles were a little bland, tasted like something from mom's kitchen.
Place looks like it barely survived a storm, and if it wasn't for other positive reviews, there would have been no way I would have went inside.  However, given the reviews, we decided to give this place a chance, and we are glad we did!  Food was pretty good, and the prices were extraordinarily low.  (A little bit too low where we were skeptical of how the quality of the food was...)
Sauntered into this dingy looking place and discovered a new favorite. The dumplings are tasty, they're $2 for 7 or $3 for 11. I think they're are marinated in soy? They're a little salty, but pretty good. The tripe noodle soup was also decent. What I really loved though were the wheat noodles in peanut sauce for $2. The texture of the noodles had a great chew to them, and oh-my, the sauce. I ate my whole plate in two and a half minutes like I was Naruto going to town on a bowl of ramen.
Yo I'm just going to get straight to the point. Forget about going to that overrated Vanessa's Dumplings, you've gotta try out these dumplings. I had an epiphany after my first one and decided to get like 20 more. Oh yeah, the peanut butter noodles are pretty good as well so check that out. Place isn't a 5 star restaurant so don't expect a super clean environment.  Overall, those dumplings man omg. 10/10 would come again.
I got a large plate (11 count) of dumplings for $3 and took home a bag of 50 for $9. The ones in-store were good, but the frozen ones were even better. In fact, they were the best frozen dumplings I've ever had, with all the qualities you'd want in a dumpling: handmade, fresh meat, fresh vegetables, flavorful broth trapped inside, resistance to mushiness, resistance to leakage (only 6 out of the 50 had leakage of any sort and none broke entirely), and resistance to sticking to each other or the pot.90/100
Best food for the price. Hard to find good Chinese that isn't too oily or a ton of msg but this place does it right.
amazing dumplings with their homemade dumpling sauce.  the wheat noodles with peanut sauce is a classic Fuzhou dish as well.  personally, i also love their wonton soup.  it's not your typical wontons that you get with Chinese takeouts.  they are more like mini wontons with much thinner skin and a lighter broth.  try it!
I come here every time I'm in NY. It's a dive, but cockroaches peaking out of the table like prosperity dumpling. Dumplings are sweet and tasty!
My friend was hesitant to walk in (given it was almost too cheap!).  But we did, and the food was exceptional.  For $9 cash we had a meal that fed two people.  We also walked away with two additional bags of dumplings (one for each of us), and they have been the best frozen dumplings we've ever had.  Bring cash, totally worth it.
I'm on a quest for the best dumplings in Manhattan! I tried the steamed dumplings and what a deal-- $2 for 7 or 8. They were really tasty! My favorite was the spicy dipping sauce it came with. I really wish I had a chance to try the peanut noodles which were also only $2!!!! The only downside is they aren't that friendly. :( Other than that---take a chance, it's so cheap!
OMG! Finally a place that rivals my mom's pork/chive dumplings. Better than Lamzhou in my opinion as I prefer more meat & vegetable to skin ratio, Lamzhou doesn't put as much filling. Prosperity dumpling is a joke compared to these, very plain taste wise comparatively. The noodles with peanut sauce is amazeballs, never had this before, you have to try it if you like peanut butter. Also had the meat within the rice balls (number 14 on the menu), again taste just like the way my mom makes them!!While this place does have a B food rating (who cares...), it has a decent size seating area in the store front (much bigger than that dump we call Prosperity) and IMO cleaner than Lam zhou's interiors.
I had dumplings, and meat & bean noodles. Above average dumplings, below average noodles - in terms of taste an texture. They also took quite a long time with the noodles (20 minutes). If you're in the area, there are better places to try.
Probably the best $3.50 I've spent on food in this country. The noodles, a big plate of them with peanut butter and soy sauce on the bottom = $2. A split large order of boiled pork and chive dumplings = $1.50. My jaw almost hit the floor when she said, 'okay, $7' which was the total for two people to eat here. Other pluses are that there ARE places to sit and they're easy to come by, and that the cashiers english is good enough so that your order isn't screwed up. I would NEVER have walked into this place if it wasn't for Yelp- thank you for yet again another great find. I will absolutely be back here.
This is a bare-bones type of place with delicious, simple foods.My boyfriend and I checked out this place on weekend for lunch.  We ordered the wheat noodles in peanut sauce, fish ball soup, pork ball soup and dumplings to share.  The noodles were very tasty; the fish balls were very yummy and the brother even more so; the dumplings were delicious; and the pork ball soup, also very tasty.  All so good!We paid ten dollars total, this included a bottled water.  This place is a win win.  I will definitely be back when in the area.
Had the fish ball soup, peanut noodles, and steamed pork dumplings. The noodles were okay, did not think they were anything special and probably will not order again. Fish ball soup was good. But...the dumplings might be the best I've had in NYC so far!!
Favorite place for fish ball soup,  probably because i like the taste of premade packaged frozen fishball. The fishball aren't too fishy and the meat inside is juicy and sweet.  I also really like their wonton soup.
I had dry noodles with sesame sauces and fish wontons soup for dinner. Both taste great!
Fabulous value, yes it is small and ever so typical of a Chinatown shop, but the massive value of a large plate of peanut butter noodles that are an incredible taste will get us back again and again.  Been back once since we first visited last month.
This tiny Fu Zhou place has amazing Fu Zhou fishball and pork ball.. just 2 dollars!!! 2 DOLLARS for a huge bowl of it.. Mmmm...We ordered "yan wan" and the "fu zhou" fish ball.. They don't "pre made" it.. they will only make it when you order it.. this made the fish ball tasted so much better instead of soaking in a bowl of hot water for a long time.. The lady inside wanted us to seat down so that they can serve us instead of me waiting at the counter for our food.. :p
Ok it's better than that vanessa's dumpling right next store. Their dumplings are so much better which is steam and  probably less oil. Well depend on what you think. There are few more traditional southern chinese food than that's available in the mainstream. Well if you want seating and less noise, it's a good dumpling place to go to. Please try the peanut butter noodle, it's awesome. good luck
Whenever I come to new york I always stop by this place several times.They have the best dumplings and they are so so so cheap.I'm pretty sure they are losing money selling me these delicious treats.They have many different kinds of dumplings but I just go for the classics.The people here are quite nice and have been helpful when I did not know which dumpling to get.
OUT-standingly cheap, tasty, and pretty but awesome all around. (also, strikingly friendly for a real china-town experience)
You will be hard-pressed to find a better boiled pork dumpling in the city.  If you find one you think is better, please contact me and tell me about it.I pass by here a couple of times a week, and almost always stop in for quick and cheap delicious eats.  Fish ball with ground pork in the center?  Sold.  Beef tripe with thin rice noodles in soup?  Sign me up. A few pointers- the soup broth here is very simple, but you can doctor it up with vinegar, seasoned soy, or chili sauce to your liking.  You can also customize anything you want.  If you want a different style of noodle for your soup, done.  If you want noodles in your fish ball soup, no problem.  They'll just tack on a buck or two.I've been on a mission to try everything on this menu.  I asked about the #9 recently, which is the only menu item not translated into English.  If I understand right, it's some sort of eel cake in soup.  It has bones, and I was told that it can be difficult to eat if one is not already accustomed to eating things with fish bones.  I'm going to be ordering this tomorrow, so maybe I should have waited to write this review to be able to talk about that?  Whatever.  This place is great, go check it out.
Street comfort food of fu Zhou. I think the noodle dishes are good choices if you are REALLY HUNGRY AND TIGHT ON MONEY. The chives dumplings and fu Zhou fish ball soup are slightly better choices.
The peanut noodles were ok, but a little bland.  Laowangji in flushing makes it much better.
Cheap prices but expensive flavor mark this establishment.  The Wheat Noodles in Peanut Sauce is AMAZING!  It's only $2 a plate. I also ordered the Pork Dumplings. They were also quite good and a mere bagatelle at $3 fot 11 of them.  The only down side is they only come in pork.The place is a little divey and doesn't look like much but the people here are friendly and the food good, fast, and inexpensive.  A nice find.
My kids like dumpling here and I like the peanut butter noddle. Very good values. Highly recommended.
Dirty, cheap, and delicious.  The way Chinese food should be.
There are 3 vegetarian-friendly items on the menu: 2 kinds of noodles with peanut sauce, and sour vegetables in noodle soup.There are 2 more non-pork items on the menu, if this is relevant to any of you: they are beefalicious.Before you correct me about the fish ball soup: the fish balls are stuffed with pork.As I am more liable to cuddle with piglets and cows than I am to eat them, despite how tasty everyone tells me they are, I had to lean the way of a vegetarian (I am not) and ate the rice noodles with peanut sauce. My friend got an order of the dumplings. All in all, $5, so he paid for dinner! (You might not be impressed by him doing this, but our other friends will be.) The noodles were soft and squishy in all the right ways - never mushy - with a savory sauce, and my friend was very tempted to order a second round of dumplings both for flavor and price, but we decided to go out for some kind of dessert instead.While I didn't get to try any dumplings, I'm glad we made the trip. I adore squishy noodles.If you are a vegetarian allergic to peanuts: AVOID. You will die, and you will die hungry.
The best place to come to if you wanna get full of delicious carbs on the cheap. The peanut butter noodles are so good and only $2 for a heaping plate full. Not to mention the spider man holding a dildo while hanging from the telephone wire outside adds some great atmosphere! Highly recommend!!
My best friend loves going here rather than Vanessa's dumplings next door, for she says its healthier, because the dumplings are boiled, and their soysauce and sriracha is not as watered down as their neighbors.  But overall this place is the cheapest dumpling place you would find to fill your tummy with 1/3 of a price of a chipotle meal! The peanut butter noodles is delicious and my choice of order everytime we go.
cheap, quick and delicious food! the dumplings are bomb dot com. and their peanut butter noodles are the best! they have fishballs with meat inside too! try their wonton soup, THE BEST THING EVER! wish they were a little cleaner.
I have tried their peanut butter noodles, dumplings and fish balls soup. Never been disappointed and the price is unreal! Highly recommended!
Seriously fantastic! I thought about being adventurous but decided to go with the pork and chive dumplings and all I can say is WOW. They're awesome - super think wrapping and amazing flavor. The restaurant is really just a few chairs and the plates are styrofoam so not date material but the food is cheap and great.
The peanut butter noodles are a must-get here and yummy if you like peanut sauces. The portion is large, so it's quite filling despite consisting of mostly carbs. I also got a bag of frozen dumplings to go. Note of caution: they use Chinese chives in the filling, which gives it an off-putting smell if you're not used to the vegetable. I'm not a huge fan of the flavor so I'll buy my dumplings elsewhere next time.
I was hungry so I looked through yelp and stumbled on this page. Since it got high ratings, I ordered the dumplings and peanut sauce noodles. 2$ for 7 dumplings and 2$ for the noodles.  The dumplings are boiled they do not fry them.  It was juicy and the skin is thin. I also like there vinegar sauce. It taste really different from the other dumpling place.  Peanut sauce noodle was okay, not really a fan of it. It taste greasy. However you do smell the peanut and it does smell good. The noodles have a slight peanut taste, wasn't over powering, it also tasted like there was beef broth in it. I will come back to try their other items in the menu.
Dumplings seemed a little more supple here than at Vanessa's and also a bit cheaper. The dough was thinner making for meatier dumplings. Staff was yelling get pretty loudly to one another right by my ear which was kinda wack.
Love the steam dumpling here, fresh and delicious.I also order stir-fry noodles with chicken and seaweed soup. Everything is perfect
Wow is this place a dump.  The girl and I came here after visiting whole foods for a quick filler and this is you're stereotypical crappy Chinese restaurant look.  The place is pretty dirty, the seating area was pretty dirty with all sorts of empty bowls and such left by previous customers, and to top it off a group of old guys were sitting around and this fat guy had his belly hanging out, like full out, which was absolutely gross.  So take that complete lack of ambiance and don't ever, ever, ever come here on a first date, or second date, or for that matter the 20th date.  Come here when you're nicely settled in and you'd feel comfortable taking her to a McDonalds for the dollar menu. The service was fast and friendly, put in my request for a large order of the boiled dumplings.  The skins were perfect, the meat could have probably used a little more seasoning, but overall, no complaints.  Certainly better than Vanessa's dumplings and hey, the price is right.
This place is not fancy at all, but 10 awesome dumplings for $3 may explain why. I felt kind of sketched out at first because it doesnt look too clean but it didnt kill me so I think its ok. The peanut butter noodles have a lot of fatty sauce, so the only thing I really enjoyed were the dumplings!
Okay..... Came here to get some dumplings for dinner today. I ordered 2 large orders of dumplings and 2 soups. Everything came out to be 10 BUCKS. 10 BUCKS!!!! What can you get for dinner with 10 bucks now a days???? NOTHING! With that 10 BUCKS I fed 3 adults. Not bad at all.Okay okay enough with the 10 BUCKS.  Food wise.... The dumplings were not bad at all. They have a special sauce that comes with it. It goes very well together. These dumplings are boiled, the skin is thin, the meat and leek inside is tasty. It's healthier comparing to Vanessa's dumplings next door.   : x I got the wonton soup. (Bien nieut) I really don't know how you pronounce it. But it's really good with vinegar. They made it with SUPER SUPER Thin wonton skin and very small amount of meat inside. This is the kind of soup I'll get if  I'm not feeling well or have no appetite. And it's SUPER famous among the Fujiaonese people.Will be back for more......
Amazing food, at an amazing price!  We had the meat stuffed rice ball soup, beef with starch soup, and dumplings.  All that totalled to 10 bux!  All 3 dishes were excellent, and a delightful change from the typical textures and flavors I love about Japanese cuisine.  I highly recommend.
So so, this place is not that great. The only plus is the stuff is cheap. I ordered the fish ball soup. The fish balls are good and the soup was tasty, but nothing too great. The place doesn't look that clean either. Just go next door to Vanessa's. I think they are better.
You'll wonder how dumplings and pork ball soup could be so cheap but like the question "when were you last tested?" some things are better left unasked and unanswered.If you ever need to have a secret meeting that requires dumplings this is the place. They have a very soft texture that almost falls apart but aren't overly doughy and tough either.
Great place for authentic, home cooked, fuzhou style food. The name of the place is not "Shu Jiao" btw, but anyway, this place is best known for their dumplings(steamed), wonton soup, peanut butter noodles,etc. Service is usually pretty quick and the prices are fairly low, so if you're tired  of Vanessa's which can be packed with hipsters from time to time, you won't be disappointed. Sure the place doesn't look as fancy, but you're here for the food, no nonsense whatsoever.
Delicious Dumplings! Incredible price.Awesome #4Really worthwhile.I don't like the fact that my review has gone a certain length. Why can't I just post a short review and be done with it!!!!¡!?!
This spot is seriously a HOLE IN THE WALL! I've walked past this restaurant many times and never looked twice at it because it did not look appealing on the outside, but DO NOT JUDGE THIS BOOK BY IT'S COVER! SUPERRRRRRR cheap and no frills! I had a $7 meal here among two people (that's $3.50 a person!!) with LOTS of food. My $7 meal for two consisted of large dumplings ($3), beef noodle soup ($2), and noodles in peanut sauce ($2). Portions are HUGE! The dumplings are steamed, but delicious. There's a good meat and chives to dumpling shell ratio. I don't know about you, but I do not like thick dumpling shells and these bad boys are nice and thin! The highlight of the meal was the peanut sauce noodles. You have to give it a nice long stir so the peanut sauce coats all the noodles before you eat it. I was not a huge fan of the noodle soup with beef brisket because it was a little bland, but there's enough sauces laying around on the tables to make it more flavorful. The second time I came here, I gave the fishballs a try. TRUE FJ FISH BALLS! They were different texture wise from the frozen ones I usually buy at the supermarket. DEF give that a try if you're into FJ fishballs.
Massive hole in wall. It's tragic that this place gets less love than Vanessa's and Prosperity which are both only a few shops down Eldridge.The boiled dumplings are so much better here than the other establishments it's not even close. Slightly more expensive but what's nitpicking a dollar here and there good for? No fried dumplings or sesame pancakes here. There are soups and noodles but I don't like to mess around when it comes to dumplings. The secret's out. Get the 11 for $3 and thank me later.
serious hole in the wall. but a plate of heart warming dumplings, a plate of peanut butter noodles (such happy memories of childhood!!), and a cup of wonton soup to fill up 2 people for $7? cannot be beat. love it.
Not a sit-down restaurant. Basically a take out place with OK food. I dont understand the 4-1/2 stars at all.
Good place for weekday lunch! The noodle with peanut butter sauce is amazing! Although from northern China, I like the Fuzhou dumplings very much! I'm deeply addicted to the dumplings and buy 1 bag (50 pcs) of their frozen dumplings every week! Prices are reasonable as well.
Really liked this place. Had the beef tripe soup with thin noodles, it was excellent and less than $4. Food comes out really quick.
One of the best kept secret in Chinatown. Cheap Chinese food. Feed 3 people with only $11. Unbelievable. We usually order the peanut sauce noodles, the Pork Dumplings, beef soup and the Wonton soup. For the price, this place cannot be beat.The food comes in plastic plates and containers. No worries, I understand. The food though, comes out hot. One of our friends is very familiar with this style of Chinese food and he told me it is very authentic. He goes here for a taste of home. Interesting. The peanut sauce noodles were a bit spicy, but I enjoyed them. The Pork dumplings were good and the Wonton soup hit the spot. Nothing like a cup of warm soup on a rainy NYC night. This is my go to spot for a quick cheap Fuzhon dinner !!!
a real dump in the wall.... but really good dumplings for dirt cheap.  you don't really see these prices anymore in the city.  equally impressive, are their cold sesame noodles is pretty good too....so cheap, you might as well order everything to get a taste.  my roommate says the beef tripe noodle soup was so-so....so i'd stick to dumplings and their cold noodles here.as with all things chinese...cash only.
$2 Steamed DumplingsLet me say that again$2 Steamed DumplingsNeed I say more?$2 STEAMED DUMPLINGS that are DAMN GOODOkay, FOHHRREAL? When I found this place, I figured I could sustain my life on just these dumplings. Carbs + Protein + Veggies? I think that's all the nutrition you need. Yeah that could work... Final words for this review:GO GO GO GO GO GO
For a mere $10 dollars, we got 2 orders of delicious peanut noodles and large dumplings. We left stuffed and happy with leftovers for another meal tomorrow.
Years ago, my friend and I stumbled into this place, mistaking it for Vanessa's, which was undergoing renovations at the time.  We asked, "Dumplings?" and the woman at the counter nodded and gestured "Three" with her hands.  The rest of the English menu was handwritten on the back of a spiral notebook.  We took a chance and it's the best food mistake I've ever made.  12 steamed dumplings with beautifully thin skins, juicy, flavorful pork and chives filling, all for $3.  There is no pretension.  Just good food.Whenever I'm in Chinatown, I make it point to stop by here.  I've also tried the noodle soups and the sesame noodles.  They're allright..hence the 4 stars instead of the 5.  But it's all the same clear MSG broth (I have absolutely no problems with MSG broth) with rice noodles and a meat.  Now, I don't even bother to try the other dishes because the dumplings are THAT GOOD.  And though the menu's been updated to a large, laminated one in English and Chinese, the quality of the dumplings and the prices remain the same.I did eventually get to try Vanessa's and I was horribly disappointed by the thick, doughy and greasy dumplings.  Every time I go to Fu Zhou and I see the line outside of Vanessa's, I shake my head cuz these guys don't know what they're missing!
SO FREAKING AMAZING. If you have not gone yet, you are missing out. 1. The prices are so ridiculously cheap. $3 for 11 dumplings??? That's basically a meal.2. The dumplings are delicious. The wrappers are thin but thick enough to keep the dumpling together. It's the perfect balance. Plus the fillings are savory and well-balanced (though I would have liked more vegetables, but that's just my own little quirk). I don't like eating dumplings with any sauces because I feel that the sauces mask the dumpling taste (thus defeating the entire purpose of having a delicious dumpling), but usually without the sauces, the dumplings will be disappointingly bland. Theirs were not the case! I scarfed them down without any sauces.I love thin skinned dumplings, but all the places that tout "homemade dumplings" always have thick skins (as is the Northern tradition). I was all but ready to give up on ever finding delicious thin skinned dumplings until I came upon Fu Zhou. I MUST MAKE A RETURN VISIT!Also, the people at the counter are pretty nice and I think it's not that difficult to order. Then again, I do speak Mandarin, but that's just my personal observation.
Hot dumplings filled with juicy pork. They're so thin-skinned they break when you look at them. Not much else to it, nor should there be.
Peanut sauce noodles are da bomb.   When we are feeling broke, this is where we go out for lunch.  It's satisfying, fast, and definitely easy on the pocketbook.  Have gone sometimes when there were no seats available, hence I am subtracting one star because standing up to eat a plate full of slippery noodles is less than ideal.
Love this place. Been on a quest for the perfect dumpling - have gone to Prosperity, Vanessa's, etc. I think I've finally found my place. I'm not even a fan of chicken but got their chicken & basil dumplings on one of the employees suggestions. They were great. Can't wait to go back and buy a bag of frozen dumplings.
Came here for some steamed dumplings..Ordered the large portion for $3The dumplings were very good and full of flavor.  If u like dumplings and on a tight budget this is the place to come.
If you still go to Vanessa's instead of this place, you are just totally missing out this hidden gem. I go to this place almost every day ever since i have found it! Their peanut noodles and dumplings are just so fantastic! So juicy and flavorful!! Yummmmm!!!!
I've had one rule in life when it comes to Chinese food.  If the store looks too clean, the food probably isn't very good.  I'm Taiwanese, I can get away with saying this.  This place is the ultimate example of that theory. It looks like a shack, but the food is unbelievably delicious.They serve four items.  Dumplings, fishballs, beef noodles, and soup.  Get the pork dumplings.  You won't regret it.  You get 10 for $2.00.  It's quite a deal.On Sundays, my Mom would always make me homemade dumplings from scratch.  I simply loved them and still do.  I would always ask my mom her secret, and she would say a proverb which translates to "my soul is in the food."  Later on, I realized that it was my mother's skill and the chives that most American Chinese restaurants leave out.  This place has soul and the chives.This establishment's dumplings aren't as good as my mother's, but they come pretty darn close.  When you walk in, you see old Chinese ladies making dumplings from scratch.  You just can't beat that.  When I had my first bite here, I was reminded of that scene from Ratatouille when Anton takes a bite of the ratatouille and is reminded of coming home crying on a rough day in his childhood.  That's what this felt like.  They're that good.  If you don't know what I'm talking about, step up your Pixar game. and watch this. youtube.com/watch?v=kuyU…I think the finest thing you can say about someones food is that it reminds you of home.  And this place reminds me of my mother every time I eat there.
Nice plate of dumplings...incredibly juicy and the skin is pretty thin. Be careful when you take your first bite...the hot juices might cause a burn. Don't let the small fish ball soup order deceive you...there are 7 balls and will fill u up.
Since my last review, I've been much more adventurous with trying the other items offered at Shu Jiao Fu Zhou Restaurant. What stood out in particular were the glutinous rice dumplings and the beef meatballs (more like boiled fritters, though). The rice dumplings are a carb-based version of the fish balls - the same pork filling is stuffed into an unsweetened, mochi-like dough. The beef meatballs are spongier and gamier than Western preparations of beef but still delicious. Overall, these two dishes were still made with the expertise and care of Fu Zhou's more popular items. Yuhe's Suggestions:-Although the staff's English is not great, they are very friendly and willing to customize things for you. Because many of the soup-based dishes use the same broth-base, they are more than happy to mix-and-match meatballs, fishballs and glutinous rice dumplings for you.
I think I've gone to heaven and it only cost me $5. I noticed this was on the new on yelp list and decided to come try it out.. The noodles are not much to write home about but the dumplings are simply heavenly.You order at the counter then sit down where ever there is a seat. Much like rest of Chinatown - decor is simple and old. There are disposable chopsticks at the table and all sauces are in recycled sriracha bottles - no names do just grab and guess.The dumplings are triangular shaped.. And when you bite in - some soup lands in your mouth.. It's the perfect mix of meat and veggies - the dumpling skin is just thick enough to have great bite.BTW. You can take the frozen dumplings home as well! ($9 for 50 pieces)!!!Love. This is what love feels like.
How to have the perfect lunch: stop at Vanessa's (two doors down from Shu Jiao) and pick up an order of their Peking Duck sesame pancake to go, then promptly steer clear of their Americanized thick skinned dumplings and walk straight to 118 Eldridge for the real deal. As far as dumplings outside of Taiwan, these are the best I've had. Thin skinned with a succulent and flavorful pork and chives filling, the dumplings are incredible and served quickly. The peanut noodles and fish ball soup are also great, but you can't come here without getting the dumplings. I always try to get a bag of frozen ones to go! Shu Jiao has two of the three points in my triangle of dining heaven covered: delicious and affordable, it's decor or lack thereof leaves something to be desired, but let's be real, I'd eat these dumplings in a dark warehouse if that's where they were being served.
This place defines "A Hole in the Wall".Grab a seat by the large window and enjoy an inexpensive dumplings, peanut wheat noodles, fish ball soup, tripe noodles soup...you can have a full meal under for under $5.00. Food is served in a styroform plates and bowls with table condements: sriracha; white vinegar: and soy sauce.
The dumplings are so good, I literally wanted to cry.  My friend brought me here six years ago.  I never bothered to look at the name and had been looking for it.  Today I came across it on Yelp, by chance, and didn't even realize it was the place until I got here!  It is ridiculously affordable, but I would gladly empty my pockets for the food here.  The staff is surprisingly helpful and attentive.  I love this place.  Louis, if you are out there, thank you for putting me on to this spot!
I cannot believe that this place is charging 2012 prices. How do they make a profit? Not that I'm complaining, but I am shocked. The most expensive items on the menu are $3!!!! I came here with two friends, and we ordered three beef starch noodle soups, a small order of Fu Zhou fish balls with the meat inside them (7 fishballs), and a large order of boiled pork dumplings (11 dumplings). Grand total for the three of us? $14, no tax! And everything was a very good sized portion. We had to force ourselves to finish everything.The noodle soup was quite good, with some real tasty chunks of meat floating around in the bowl. Didn't look like the kind of beef that usually comes in noodle soups. Not sure how they make it, but that must be why they call it beef starch. The noodles they serve are super thin white mei fun. Really flavorful broth, too! I think it's beef based.This is by no means a fancy place, so don't come here for date night. The food is served in styrofoam bowls and plates, and you use plastic utensils. It's quite spacious and a lot cleaner than your average hole in the wall. There is plenty of seating available, but I imagine with the prices they charge,  it gets real busy around lunchtime. We came in a little after 9 p.m., which is when they close, but they still seated and served us. So glad we opted to come here instead of Vanessa's Dumplings down the block, which we ruled out because it was packed even at that time. Will definitely come back the next time I'm in Chinatown!
This is quickly becoming my favorite dumpling spot in Chinatown. Their boiled dumplings ($2 small; $3 large) are incredibly fresh and delicious and will beat the pants off of those big doughy fried ones next door at Vanessa's. This is a different style--Fu Zhou--where the dumpling skin is tender and soft. Soak them in a combination of their sauces and scarf them down. I also love their wheat noodles with peanut sauce for $2.00. The customers are a mix of families and kids from the neighborhood, and the main staff person who takes your order is friendly and smiley. You can also buy 50 frozen dumplings for a mere $9.00. This is a simple dumpling spot and is not high on atmosphere, but I love the big windows that face the street which make for good people and street watching while you eat your dumplings. So glad Yelp brought me here!
I'm such a fan!!!  I tried this place about a month ago, and I've been back at least five times.  Their boiled dumplings ($2 small; $3 large) are better than most places' fried dumplings.  Very flavorful, nicely chewy, yummy sauce.  I also love their peanut noodles ($2).  They'll make the dish with wheat noodles or rice noodles.  Both are good, but I prefer the chewier wheat noodles.  Admittedly their dumplings are double the price of Prosperity, but they're also 10x the quality.  Lastly, the ladies who work the counter are super nice.
The wheat noodle with peanut sauce is excellent and their dumplings are the best I've tried  !  It has been my regular place since I never tried anything like this before. The place does not have waiter service and very casual. The food is really cheap like $2 for small peanut wheat noodle. Dumpling small portion is $2 for 7 pieces. Overall,  it's really recommended !
Four stars for simply sublime dumplings and what appeared to be beautiful and delicate handmade wontons. There is no ambience (none - it's more of a quick pick-up spot) here but you can't beat the flavor for the price (Nothing on the menu is over $4).
My olfactory concerns aside,  I affirm that the average Yelper speaks sheer truth in this instance. The pork and chives dumplings taste uh-mazing. Go get them now! Or the fish/pork ball soup, which is pretty good too. The owner was kind enough to give me a combination of both fish and pork in my soup.
Every time I search for "Chinese Food" on yelp this place comes up...so I had to try it! The dumplings are really very good. I wish that you could get them fried, but it's simply not an option here. Additionally, the only hot sauce they have is siracha (I miss the spicy oil at some other places, but oh well). The fish balls are also good (so I'm told if you like fish balls) they remind me way too much of gefilte fish. I really enjoyed the wheat noodles in peanut sauce, and actually, if you have any left over they're really good cold from the fridge the next day. The last thing on the menu, the sweet glutenous rice dumplings are also quite good. Like delicious warm mochi.The only thing that I would not recommend is the sour vegetable soup. I am personally not a fan of fermented vegetables outside of the realm of maybe sauerkraut. This is probably not a good option if you have a fairly western palate like mine.
If we had not seen this restaurant in Yelp we wouldn't go inside. But appearances can be deceiving and we had a very good dinner. If you are looking for something more mainstream  don't go there, but if you are keen to eat a real fu zhou food so it is the right place. We asked for peanut butter noodles, the vegetable soup and the fishball soup. All very good.
$3 for 11 dumplings and soup (I think it's wonton soup). That's a steal. The best part is the shit is delicious. Literally the best steamed dumplings I've ever had. Literally the best wonton soup I've ever had. The stuff looked like hot water but was full bodied and really flavorful. I used to like Prosperity Dumpling best, but this place surpasses them (and Vanessa's)- though I don't think this place has fried dumplings... for that I like Prosperity's best.The place has that nice combination of a low rent building with bizarre eating conditions that I love about Chinatown. The building is not nice at all, but it gets the job done. The lady didn't seem to understand English but understood when I said "dumplings." I laughed when I saw her dish my soup. She took the Styrofoam bowl in a hand and dipped the whole thing in a pot of soup then handed it to me. Also, I don't think they have regular soy sauce here. They had some sauces, none of which tasted like soy sauce. I had the dumplings plain and they were still amazing.Later I asked for water and she handed me a bottle of water. I said "no, can I just have tap water?" and pointed to the sink. She put back the bottle and grabbed a Styrofoam bowl, put it under the faucet and handed it to me. Awesome.
Their food is honestly the best food that I have ever eaten, I especially love their dumplings.
This place is fantastic--top-notch food without the top-notch prices. It's places like these that I absolutely love about Chinatown. was Yelping for Chinese takeout places and this little restaurant showed up. Like their name suggests, they mainly have dumplings and foods somewhat related to dumplings. I ordered the 11-piece for $3. THREE dollars. I couldn't believe it. You'd pay more than double that for the same thing (or even not as good) in Midtown.When they brought out my dumplings, they also brought a bowl of clear soup. That was a nice surprise. The soup was very savory and the perfect way to wash down the dumplings.All of that for $3.Unbelievable.
always walked by and ignored the place because it looked a bit grimey on the outside. walked in after finding the yelp reviews and decided to try out the dumplings, peanut noodles, fj wontons, fishball with pork, and rice dough with pork dumpling. we loved mostly everything! the soy sauce and sriracha on the table was great condiments to go along with the food. def will be back!
Except I can't figure out why this place is called Shu Jiao on here; it's not reflected on the signage whether in English or Chinese (I got faked out for a while; just look for "Fu Zhou Cuisine").  The name of the restaurant in Chinese is "Tantou Wang Ji Fuzhou Restaurant"; so where yelp got the name "Shu Jiao" is a mystery to me! But yeah, it's awesome.
Back when I was young, dumb and stupid (so, last week), I would have avoided a place like this. The menu makes about as much sense to me as a bowl of alphabet soup, the ladies at the counter do not speak English, and there are zero - as in, none whatsoever - people inside that speak English.Fortunately for me, however, my very good friend speaks The Language Of The Dumpling Ladies and therefor I, too, was able to enjoy delicious, tasty dumplings with minimal awkward pointing gestures and/or confused grunts. That said, it bares noting that I have been back since (sans good friend) and have had little difficulty procuring take-out. My dear Yelpers, I consider myself somewhat of an expert on dumplings. Trust me when I tell you that these are worth a visit. The pork is fresh - you can even watch the women putting everything together - and, as the very good friend said, "These taste just like the ones my mom makes."
The best boiled dumplings ever! Just come. The dipping sauce is great too (it tastes homemade, definitely not just soy sauce). Don't let the bare bones, cheap ambiance fool you. The dumplings here are the best in NYC Chinatown!
I'm still skeptical.  this has to be one of those too-good-to-be-true.   $2 for 6 pieces of dumplings?  that's just crazy.
I came here with dinner with the boyfriend, and was unimpressed. I think the price is the reason for high rating on yelp, it certainly should not be because of the quality of the food. We ordered the wonton soup bowl, fish ball soup, and white noodles with peanut sauce. The wontons are fun to eat, you just slurp it up, but the meat used in the wontons and fish balls has been downgraded by the fact that it's cut with fat. Not ideal for those on a strict diet. Soup is good, but it's nothing special. It tasted like the same soup that they use in other Chinese take-out places for wontons and egg drop soup. Growing up with a mother who made fish balls from scratch, I was curious what it would taste like outside of home. I liked the elastic texture. I wanted to like it despite my bias, but found it hard to discern the fish taste, there was more flour than fish paste used in the outer layer. I wanted to like the white noodles since I was use to having the wheat noodles with peanut sauce. But there was a little bit of a sour taste masked by the peanut sauce. White noodles tend to absorb more moisture than wheat noodles resulting in a stickier texture, and will tend to taste sour if it's been set out too long. In the last few years, Chinatown has become a mecca for Fujianese cuisine, all cheap too. I will not be coming back here, and I would advise fellow yelpers to spend the extra 50 cents or dollar on another restaurant that will serve the same type of food.
Delicious noodles with peanut sauce for prices from the 1970s.
(Best to worst)  Fu Zhou cuisine, prosperity dumpling , Vanessa's    I just had all 3 dumplings side-by-side.  Fu Zhou and prosperity were both very flavorful but I liked the wrap of fu Zhou better than prosperity.  Vanessa's were bland IMHO.
Me and my friends stopped by because the wait for Vanessa was too long.  The steamed dumplings were pretty good.  Had the fish ball soup, which was a-okay, but I've had better.My favorite was the wheat noodle with peanut sauce which was to die for.  The sauce was just the right consistency and flavored well with the noodles.  I would come back for the noodles. Best part, my friend and I (Group of 5) ate lunch here for a total of $20 flat!  What a deal!Place is okay for a cheap meal, but the flavors still need some improvement.
Wow, what a gem and value. Ordered food today both here and at Vanessa's down the block.  The peanut noodles were delicious.Pork and chive dumplings plentiful and flavorful - better value and tasting than Vanessa's.Service was friendly and efficient...the lady in the front was so cheerful and helpful.Will come back as soon as possible!
I only had the pork ball soup, but it tasted very good! The pork filling was very tasty! Took off 1 star for the somewhat nasty/unsanitary environment. I would definitely come again if I'm in the area.
This place has good dumplings, peanut noodles, and soup. The food is good, simple, and cheap. Im taking off stars because this place is always filthy. The tables are sticky, bathroom is nasty, and they throw the garbage in a big open bag on the floor. Its a hole in the wall, I get it, but it doesnt have to be so gross all the time. Will probably stop coming here.
Wow, thanks to Yelp we found this little place along Eldridge St. in Chinatown, almost walked right by it it's so non-descript.  Fed our hungry family of four for...wait for it...$15! Plates of pork dumplings were $3, noodles in peanut sauce $2, won ton soup about $2.  Small little place with some small and round communal tables so nothing fancy but service is fast and friendly, and it hit the spot for our lunch after a visit to the Tenement Museum. Kids love the fact that we could just keep ordering more food and it came in minutes. All for just $15! Left warm, happy and full!
I always wanted dumplings that were good to eat and not expensive or fried. As i got older, I started being picky with my dumplings with which dumplings are good and which aren't. Then i came upon this place and I must say that their dumplings are as good as it can get. The skin is the most important part; if the dumpling skin is too thick, then it gets too doughy to eat but their dumpling skin is homemade and is perfect. The dumpling skin shrinks in and creates curves to make the dumpling look beautifully done. The dumplings meat is fatty and oily, but thats all places.
Nothing fried here. Dumplings are fresh and flavorful, soup broths taste simple and clean. Nothing greasy feeling about the food. Love this place yet at the same time i'd be distraught if I came here one day and it was constantly packed full of hipsters like those other spots.
Chinatown has many dumpling houses, and this is just another addition to it. What makes this dumpling house different is that they have Fuzhou dumplings, a fishball-filled  dumpling, usually pork, in clear vegetable broth. Although they are known for their fishball dumplings, they have other noteworthy menu items that should be mention, such as their egg noodle with peanut sauce and beef noodle soup. The place may look a bit dated, but the food and prices will amaze you! $10 and you can buy yourself two meals (good for lunch or dinner)! A definite must try place in Chinatown.
best dumplings in nyc buy the frozen ones to cook at home!!super thin, chewy skin & great flavorthe BEST.close to no decoration at alldon't come here for a sit-down meal if you want to dine at a decent looking place
Delicious and cheap dumplings and fish balls. You can get 7 for $2 or 11 for $3. The dumplings taste authentic with really good dumpling skins (not hard and thick like most cheap dumpling places). Fish balls were amazing too although I wish there were more scallions in my soup. I also tried their noodles with peanut sauce which I didn't really care for. Overall, it's good for cheap/quick eats! Highly recommended.
I am honestly starting to think that are only two types dumplings served in these hole in the wall-esque inexpensive quickly get in and get out Chinatown eateries. And that they are all owned by one giant corporation looking to give the illusion of variety in Chinatown.Whether it's the flavorless but freshly panfried establishments that always seem to also have Sesame pancake sandwiches like Prosperity and Vanessa's or the flavorful fujianese style leek infused boiled dumplings such as Shu Jiao and Supertaste it all taste pretty much the same. You would be kidding yourself if you notice a difference and if there was, it would be barely negligible. If i didn't see that assembly line of woman scooping up the pork into the doughy skin with my own eyes I would think they had the same supplier Anyways, this place gives more food for a higher price so yeah... pretty much the same
I've had dumplings everywhere in Manhattan Chinatown-- the stalwarts and the sketchy, and Fuzhou has the BEST dumplings of this neighborhood: juicy, tender, meaty, flavorful, with the thin skin dumpling wrappers. Get the $2/7 or $3/11. There's enough seating so you never have to squeeze to the corners (Prosperity) or lurk over patrons like vultures (Vanessa's); as well, when I've been, it's been oddly quiet, although never empty (because people are just enjoying their food too much to talk!) Got the peanut noodles once, but I know why I come here.
Lovely fish ball.  Best I've found so far. And their noodles with peanut sauce are pretty good as well.
Steamed dumplings, noodles, beef soup and two bottles of water for $10.  My wife and I walked all the way from mid-town to sample this place, and we were not disappointed.  I can't wait to go back to NYC to eat here again.  I don't care that the place isn't high on ambiance; the food more than makes up for it.  It feels more traditional that way.
This place has the most amazing dumplings I've had in Chinatown so far. The skin is very thin and not super doughy and there's plenty of meaty filling of pork and chives that will make anyone happy. The prices are ridiculous in the fact that it's $3 for 11 dumplings and $2 for 7 dumpling. You order up front, have a seat, and the lady brings you your food within 3 minutes. Overall I'd give this place a 5 stars for food, price, and service. However the place is literally a hole in the wall, so don't go in expecting a treat for the eyes decor-wise. Just go in, eat and enjoy the delicious dumplings. I'll definitely go back and try the soup and the peanut noodles that are also highly recommended
The first yelp review really nails the service "experience" - I had a very similar experience, not a word was understood on either side of the counter. 2 of us ended up ordering 3 orders of large boiled dumplings (having no idea how many were in each order) - the woman looked at us funny & told us that we needed to take them to go. Perplexed, we sat and waited for the food to come out. The environment is not exactly what I would consider "inviting" - bright fluorescent lights, no decoration to speak of, and the locals were SILENT as soon as we walked in. After sitting for a few minutes while waiting, we decided to stay. Out rolled 33 dumplings, DELICIOUS DUMPLINGS! (Obviously, a good many had to be boxed up to go, that is what happens when close to no actual communication happens.I am subtracting 1 star for the overall confusion & lack of decor. The dumplings receive a hands-down 5 stars. I have no interest in going a few stores down to Vanessa's. If you are in for what will likely be a bit of an adventure, do yourself a favor and check this place out - don't worry if you feel awkward, its not you, its. . . wait, it probably is you.$9 very very well spent ($3/11 dumplings)
Best steamed dumplings. Yes BETTER than Vanessa's. Why you ask?1.) simple, they are mom and pop (only the mom speaks English) so they make the dumplings fresh, not in mass quantities like Vanessa's.2.) They use better ingredients and fresher pork.3.) its $3 for ten! (a large order)They are filling, tasty, no MSG, and traditionally Chinese made by a local family. I cant eat any other dumplings, I've been spoiled. Ive never had anything but the dumplings....maybe today ill try a soup. took me forever to review because the name, and sign, is in Chinese. Just remember, its on the south east corner of Eldridge and Broome.
ABSOLUTELY MY FAVORITE STEAMED DUMPLINGS EVER.My trusty foodie friend introduced me to this place a few years ago via his frozen dumplings that I would cook and eat ravenously during his frequent house parties. I instantly fell in love with their savory with just enough juicy sweetness flavors. They were ridiculously porky and chivey and chewy and pungent - my perfect dumpling. Of course, the vinegar and Sriracha added a different and equally as delicious angle to the experience. I came to the physical plant many months later, and now, every time I'm in Chinatown, I will make it a point to stop by this place. My boyfriend is as obsessed with the quality of the dumplings here, and whenever he's in town, we always go for a quick lunch or snack. The large order of dumplings for $3 is unbeatable, and I often pair it with the noodles with peanut sauce - It's an explosion of flavor and texture in your mouth. The bag of 50 dumplings for $9 is almost even more mind-blowing. They're the best frozen dumplings I've ever had and always come in handy when I'm too lazy or busy to cook. I haven't tried any other items on the menu, but my boyfriend's had the fish balls, which were pretty yummy. As far as the decor and setting, it's not aesthetically pleasing. Really bare with glaring artificial light, but I appreciate the utilitarian aspect and reasoning behind it. Besides, most of their customers are locals looking for a comforting, satisfying, and fast meal. Part of me hopes this place will gain the recognition it deserves, but part of me is just fine with people continuing to pour into Vanessa's Dumplings. Either way, they're missing out.
Cheap and good taste Chinese food!! I order beef intestine noodle and gyoza. Those cost only $5.5. I totally recommend to go there.
I'm Asian. So most of the non-asian people here in the city think this place is awesome, but it's whatever. There are better places to eat Chinese in Manhattan.
I guess the purpose of Yelp! is to help other diners be aware of all the little guys out there that deserves a lot more credit.  I keep seeing reviews after reviews about this place and I came all the way out from Brooklyn to just hit up this spot.  It is rarely my cup of tea to come to these types of small places, especially when reviewers claim that it is a "hole in the wall" and so forth, haha!!  Yet  the feedback KEEP talking about this place being a "gem" and all that jazz . So I guess I had to try it, at least once.  I ordered the famous steamed dumplings to go and yes for $3 bucks, THREE BUCKS, I got a meal.  I also noticed a few guys out in the park, sitting with the same dumplings, munching away.  So funny!  The steamed dumplings were hearty and also tasty.  It was accompanied with a sauce that was good but there was an ingredient there that was very distinct and not for my palate.  So I did not use the sauce and guess what, it was STILL good.  Honestly, I was apprehensive in giving this place a try.  I have passed by it numerous of times especially with trips to Vanessa's dumplings (oh how that place have from a tree root to an empire today! But that's another review.)   It is not appealing from the outside since they have like these plastic doors but you know what, the health dept gave them an A.  whoo hoo!  So there has to be something OK about this place! HAHA.  Therefore, I want to recognize that the steam dumplings were superb.. it not only filled me up but I am definitely coming back.  I want to also try the hearty beef soup I noticed someone ordered and these wide noodles I saw one kid eating.  The portions looked huge and I saw the simple menu prices were like $3, $5, etc.  COME ON NOW -  Grade A, lots of positive reviews and customers ordering to-go, park bench filled up with people eating their food, $3 tab..?  Hmm......
I loved their dumplings. So much that I ate them near constantly for months. Now, I can barely look at dumplings without wanting to puke.That's not their fault, though, and their dumplings remain delicious and cheap. They are pork and chives boiled in thin skins. You can get 12 for $3 or 8 for $2--doesn't get better than that. You can also get 50 frozen dumplings for only $9.Their other food is so-so, in my opinion. I've tried their rice noodles with beef in broth, and it was extremely plain, and the noodles in peanut sauce just tasted like peanut butter. Not my thing.
Be forewarned: this place is tiny, cramped, and has the atmosphere of a genuine Chinese dumpling shop. That being said, you'd be hard-pressed to find better dumplings, especially considering the price. They're amazing, and only $3 for a large order. The peanut butter noodles are also delicious, as well as some soup with meat-stuffed rice balls.
Whats with the great reviews?? Fake yelpers?? this place is ok, but seriously not nearly as good as prosperity, k tasty, or lam zhou hand made noodle. Come on people! Yes, they got cheap prices, food comes out 7-8 seconds after you order, but the flavor is just ok on the dumplings. Also had the noodles in peanut sauce - come on man. flavorless noodles in peanut sauce - thats it. Beause of the cheap pricing, i will try the other stuff, but im not excited about it.
I went with my cravings and ordered a sour vegetable noodle soup, thinking it would be like the Taiwanese style sour-hot noodle soup, but it's different; they use a salty preserved green rather than a sour preserved green. But I watched in envy as everyone else around me were eating dumplings and the noodle with peanut butter sauce. With prices $2-3 for a filling dish, I must come back to try more at this cafeteria sort of dining room.
The best Chinese I've ever had. They aren't kidding when they say white meat. Everything is fresh and delicious.  Worth paying the additional price you pay for the quality.
These are the best dumplings in New York and you get a ton of them for cheap!  (Not the cheap-est, but still cheap and the quality is uncompromised.)  Unlike many NY dumplings they are not over-stuffed with meat, and are a lot closer to what you actually get in China.  I haven't tried anything else here so can't vouch for it.  Also, there are about 3-4 restaurants with exactly the same address, so don't confuse this for the other (more fancier but also pretty good) dumpling place next door.  This is the more industrial looking place on the corner.  It's the best!
I ordered the wheat sesame noodles. While the noodles were a good, springy consistency, it lacked any peanut flavor whatsoever. It tasted more like soy sauce noodles instead.
Ordered the 10 steamed dumplings to go and ate them in the park across the street before heading down the block for lunch at Spicy Village. These dumplings knocked my socks off. I'm not a dumpling expert (haven't even had the chance to visit prosperity or Vanessas yet) but these were super flavorful, moist and had ample filling. Not exactly sure what was in them (pork, some vegetables?) but paired with a little soy sauce they were just perfect. They were also cooked to order and super fresh. Once i have a chance to visit a few other places in the neighborhood, I could see myself upping this to a 5 star review.
Shu Jiao Fu Zhou Cuisine Restaurant is on the corner of the block and is one of those greasy table, lack of decor, unmatched chairs and tables, loud, cheap eats place.  If eating at these kinds of places scare you, order to go. This is a no frills joint with no menus and plastic containers that hold disposable spoons and chopsticks and various condiments.  You can even make your own dipping sauce.    I looked at a huge poster and ordered in English.  The boiled dumplings are $3.00 for eleven and $2.00 for seven.  I have not yet deciphered the meaning of strange odd number dumplings, but no need to think, just chow down. They hand stuff these dumplings, but the dumpling skin is from premade wrappers and not from fresh hand made dough.  The thin wrapper stuffed with pork and chive filling is good, plump and flavorful.  Be aware that chives are strong in flavor and for some can be hard to digest.   For what it is, it is very good and so extremely affordable.  A total bargain.   I have to give it an average rating, because I have experienced much better dumplings that are totally made from scratch.  Behind the counter and service is extra fast.  I also received a clear broth with my dumplings.  It looked like water with a scallion piece floater, but when you drink it, it does have flavor and reminds me of a clear broth that sometime wontons are afloat in. Behind the counter is a lady studiously wrapping wontons. A good, place to grab a quick meal that is truly affordable and fast.
Eldridge Steet has some good dumpling restaurants and the ones here are right up there with the best of them! The restaurant has a sign that is bigger than the restaurant and the people working there speak limited English but then again most of the customers speak Chinese. Prices are as cheap as it gets but the quality is up there. Very limited seating but there are parks nearby, so take out is always an option.
Amazing dumplings, fish ball soup, peanut sauce noodles, and all for just a few dollars. Best on the block...and there are some very popular places on this particular block. Do yourself a favor and head here instead of Vanessa's.
People like this place primarily because it's very cheap. The dumplings here are similar to the ones served in the Fuzhouese hand pulled noodle joints - thinner, eggier skin more similar to a wonton wrapper. A lot of people prefer these, but personally I like the thick white doughy Northeastern style dumplings better which I buy frozen from Prosperity (which at any rate is also run by Fuzhouese people I think). The food was OK and it was cheap, that really sums it up.
Hey Fuzhon!I stumbled on you while job hunting last January.  It was freezing outside and my stomach was begging for some spicy broth and noodles.  At first I was a little nervous to come inside since almost everything is in Chinese but I'm glad I did.  Super cheap and delicious beef and noodle soup.Your dining room is def no frills and reflects your price scale, but man that soup was good.  Of course, I'd never dare ask what cut of meat you used in it.  Some things are better left unknown.Will definitely be back again.
Highly recommended Fuzhou food. Friendly service.
This is the chinese name. The english name is Fuzhou cusines. Confusing but good boiled dumpling and fish balls.
This is really the best dumpling joint in the area. The dumplings are thinner and lighter than the heavier ones at Vanessa's, two doors down, which hail from a different region of China I guess (North?). Service is friendly and patrons are, too, especially if you order the fish bone soup, where they'll advise you to be very careful indeed.
Horrible smell and disgusting place. But the DUMPLINGS, amazing! Makes up for everything! Like an Chinese angel peeing on your tongue..! And everything for only 3 bucks! Best dumplings in Manhattan, no doubt!
Why does this restaurant lack reviews? Just up the street from Vanessa's is some of the best Fu Zhou food outside of Flushing in the city. $2 for a heaping plate of delicious and satisfying peanut noodles, $3 bucks for steamed dumpling that seriously rival all the more well known spots in Chinatown--- what's not to love?The menu is simple, the food is good, and the prices really can't be beat.
This place was my all time favorite when I was still working in CT.  I would have to agree with most that this is the classic example of a Chinese/Fuzhou dumpling store.  No decor, a bit dirty, and a little of everything else.  But of course like all the typical Fuzhou places, the price should make up for the environment depending what type of a person you are.  Let's get started with my three favorite dish that I order every time I go.  The first one would be the peanut butter flat noodle which is only $2.  They have the best peanut butter sauce I have ever had in NYC.  Unlike other places that make their peanut butter paste thick and hard to swallow, their sauce is really like a sauce not a clump of peanut butter.  The taste is also very distinct, not too salty.  My second favorite is the fishball which is served in a clear soup with vinegar. I have never been a fan of the frozen fishballs (with meat inside) that they sell at the supermarket, but this one did not taste that fishy at all.  It was very smooth, fresh, and juicy.  The texture is chewy yet you can still taste a good amount of fish in it.  The meat inside the fishball is fresh and well marinated.  yummy!!! My last favorite is the beef with starch which i call beef paste.  This is served with beef soup and it is really chewy and beefy!! Order all three dishes and its only $8~~I have also tried their Fuzhou wonton which i thought were mediocre and I've had better at other places.  Their dumplings were good in my opinion.  They were juicy and cooked just right and not as salty as Prosperity's (at 2 blocks down).  I would recommend the beef tripe noodle soup for only $3.  They give a generous portion of beef tripe, beef, and noodle.  I just wish they would give a little bit more soup.  I thought the proportion of soup to noodles were off for my bowl that day.  To conclude, not a great hang out spot, but good for take out or you can also buy the frozen version of almost all of the above to cook at home yourself =D
11 dumplings and a big plate of noodles for $5!! you can't beat that.  The dumplings are better than Vanessa's next door- the dumpling skin is thinner.  Can't wait to go back and try the fish and pork balls.
This is as hole-in-the-wall as it gets when it comes to Chinatown fare. There is nary a place to sit, and the staff is loud and constantly shouting out orders. While you're waiting for your food, there is a natural inclination to not want to touch anything.What is the trade-off then? Price. Nothing costs more than $3.50. 'Nuff saidI ordered the wheat noodles in peanut sauce, small order of chive dumplings, and a tripe noodle soup for a friend. Everything tasted has it should
Great spot for cheap eats.Their wheat noodles with peanut sauce were addicting, and their dumplings were cheap and tasty. I loved their small dumplings which were only $2 for 6 pieces. My favorite were the chive dumplings. Their fishballs with meat inside were pretty tasty and unique too!Every time I visited this place I only spent about $4 for a dish of noodles and a side of dumplings/fishballs. Therefore, this places had become my favorite spot for lunch.Only down side was that most of their foods seemed to be pre-cooked and prepared well before being served. For example, their noodles were dried noodles, and their dumplings/fishballs seemed to be frozen, which they boiled before serving. I might be wrong though.
One of my favorite places for cheap, tasty dumplings in NYC! And by cheap I mean $3 for 10 dumplings cheap.It is definitely a hole in the wall (plastic utensils, seats that aren't too sturdy, and I don't know even if the restaurant even has a sign on the outside). But what it lacks in frills it certainly makes up for in taste and affordability.
So delicious and you can feed 2 under $10. MSG infested? yes so if you are picky about how fresh your food is, please get out of here and go to healthtown, not come to chinatown. Definitely not organic and not sanitary looking. Come with strong stomach or don't come at all. For those who love what prosperity was and the cheap deals. Get peanut noodles - must. Addictive and so good.
4.5 Star !Location: SJFZCR is not as famous as Vanessa 's dumpling but it is a great spot for a cheap meal! Inside, couple of tables,you can sit wherener you want. Food: had #1 and #6. #1 is awesome! It 's light but tasty.Overall: good good goodyes yes yes.cheap meal spot.
When a restaurant has very few items on the menu it usually means they do those few items only, and they do them WELL. A whole plate of noodles drenched in delicious salty and creamy sauce for $2? I kid you not. I also got the fish ball soup. That was really light, not my favorite, but the fish balls were really flavorful. When you see someone buy them in bulk though, it must be a good sign. Will be coming back for more mouth watering noodles. Nothing can beat the price. Who said eating in NY is expensive?!
Took a trip into manhattan esp for this place. Was a drizzly morning and found a corner seat. Simple, clean Chinese food mom would make on a regular weeknight. Nothing oversauced. For the unfamiliar, would still be a good, new, delightful experience.
Ahhh! I love this place and wish it was in the part of Chinatown that was closer to me. (Or perhaps not because then I'd be here all the time, and I probably shouldn't eat that many carbs...)The prices are insane - where can you get a full plate of noodles for $2 and 10 dumplings for $3?! The peanut butter wheat noodles are my go-to (as is everyone's, I'm sure). The sauce is well mixed, but my favorite thing about is is the noodles themselves - that wavy texture and thinness is incredible. The dumplings are also pretty good (though in the area, you have a wide selection when it comes to dumplings). I've also had the wonton soup, which is decent - you get what you pay for, I guess.Excellent bang for your buck. If you're looking for a quick and delicious eat while you're in the area, look no further.
Great pork chives dumplings.I was looking for a snack in the district and it was perfect.Was recommended, I went for the dumplings and everything was excellent.Great filling. The juice was full of flavors.I will definitely so by if I'm in the area
Little hole in the wall owned and operated by Fujianese people located in the shadows of Vanessa's Dumpling House. Stopped by this place on a cold afternoon to try some inexpensive and authentic Fujianese food. I settled for the noodles in peanut butter sauce, Fujianese fish balls and the beef noodle soup. The dish that really stood out to me were the noodles with peanut butter sauce as it was a perfect complement for the cold day. The Fujianese fishballs were a bit on the fishy side for my taste and the beef noodle soup was mediocre. I should've settled for the thick noodles that they used in the noodles in peanut butter sauce as the rice noodles were a bit too "rice-y" for me. There was also a strong stench of starch. Overall I enjoyed my experience here and did my wallet. Would I be back in the future. Sure.
OHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO SHU JIAO FU ZHOU I LOVE YOU.Large order of pork and cabbage dumplings: Get in my belly, shower me in your sodium.Peanut butter wheat noodles: I can eat a pot-full of it. Serve me all that delicious gluten.This cheap, no-frills restaurant just gets it right. Food is absolutely phenomenal, and extremely budget-friendly. Portion sizes are gargantuan for the amount that you pay. Fellow asians yelling at each other in Cantonese when orders are ready. It just all feels right. Almost like you're at home during a crazy christmas dinner party bonanza. I love this place. I love it toooooo much. I probably come here 3-4 times a week, and always order the same things (see 2nd paragraph). Come here, sit down, be humble. Not cause Kendrick Lamar said so, but cause it's just the right thing to do.
Shu Jiao is truly my favorite authentic dumpling shop today in the area. Quick service, cheap food and many options. The wheat noodles in peanut sauce, wontons, dumplings, fish balls and honestly everything I've tried has been quality for the price. Ten dumplings for $3 is such a steal, especially when the food tastes homemade.The ambiance isn't the best and can feel crowded, so take your meal to-go and eat it in seating areas on Allen Street or at the park on Chrystie Street! I live nearby and visit here weekly.
I found this little gem on Yelp and I'm glad I did.Located on the corner of Eldridge and Broome Street, this place is the definition of a hole in wall restaurant.I mean it isn't the cleanest of places, but it has seating available on the ledge and at tables. Also there really isn't any dine in service, other than someone bringing you, your food, after you order and pay at the counter.The prices here though, cannot be beat. I've tried two items, both recommended by several Yelpers. The small boiled dumplings and the peanut butter noodles. Both are priced at a whopping $2 each.I tend to like fried dumplings, better than boiled, but they don't have the fried option here. The boiled dumplings aren't bad, but the star of the show, is the peanut butter noodles. They have a very nice, mild, peanut buttery taste. I wouldn't think peanut butter would go well with soy sauce, but surprisingly it did.One of the better cheap eats establishments in Chinatown.
10 dumplings for $3 is a very good deal. These dumplings are better than Vanessa's right next door. I got the pork and chives. The pork is juicy and well-seasoned, though a little gritty. That has to do with the blend they are using. This is not incredible food, but it's the deal on dumplings I've been looking for since Prosperity closed.
Can't understand some of the reviews, I'm pretty sure I was in the right place. The food was super cheap and it tasted all right. But man this place was dirty. I've been in cleaner out houses than this bathroom. Dining area not much better. Got food for our 4 girls they said they were going outside to eat it, but afterwards I found out they were so grossed out the threw it away.
This place is a little take out place with great noodles. I had the pork & chive dumplings and they were awesome. A little dirty but food is good.
Shu Jiao is the definition of New York/Chinatown "cheap eats"! Everything here is $2-$3 and the food is incredible for the price! Shu Jiao Fuzhou has the best boiled dumplings I've had in Manhattan.My go to items are the steamed pork and chive dumplings ($2 for 6) and wheat noodles and peanut sauce ($2). The noodles can be a little watery, but for $2 you can't complain.The dumplings here are packed with flavor - filling is very meaty and flavorful with a lot of chives. They are homemade and amazing. The skins are thin and delicious - I prefer boiled dumplings over pan fried ones - which is why I would rank Shu Jiao above Vanessa's.You can also get 50 frozen dumplings for about $10. Looking forward to try their noodle soup and fish balls next time! The restaurant is casual and no frills. Seating is limited, but you can take your food to go and eat at the park close by. Cash only, but you really only need a couple bucks. With only $5 you will leave here happy and full.
Came here upon the recommendation of a certain somebody (I don't do shout outs because I think it's stupid... congrats on having friends for the people who do tho...).  An informal dumpling crawl was put together between myself, and a friend of mine, in order to settle a long standing dispute as to which establishment produces the best dumpling in the New York City area (she champions Vanessa's, the most yt appropriated dumpling spot that comes to mind... they make tasty stuff, but easily not the best dumpling in the city); previously I had espoused the now-defunct Prosperity Dumpling as being superior... but due to some conspiracy to take Prosperity out of the game, no such contest ever came into fruition.At any rate, came here for the #13 (pork and chive... boiled).  The dumplings here are certainly tasty, though I wish there was an option to pan fry them.  The filling of the dumplings is pretty meaty, and the chili/soy sauce mix they provide is probably one of the better dipping sauces I can ask for to pair with a dumpling.  I will need to make a return appearance to sample the rest of the menu.  I came on a Sunday afternoon, and they were boasting a packed house; it appeared as if the peanut butter noodles were the go to dish for most in attendance (so that will certainly need to be ordered the next time I happen upon this spot).
Oh to be broke in NYC.  It's a very special feeling to be able to find a Lot of food for 5 clams. I got noodles with peanut butter sauce which was like a stoned 17 year olds snack.  And some boiled dumpers that tasted like an old sponge. But I enjoyed all of it. I even had a can of coke.  Also I paid with a roll of quarters and received a 5 back.  Not freakin bad at all.
Peanut noodles ($2) were a bit too watery and the pork wonton ($2) skins were a bit too firm but otherwise a good meal for a good price ($4).
Only local chinesse in this place, so I figured it would be good. It was. Pork in a light flavorful chicken broth for $3. Green onions and another slightly bitter veggie I could not ID. Excellent.
Delicious steamed dumplings!  My cousin wanted to drop by chinatown to pick up frozen dumplings from here...she told me to get her 4 bags of frozen dumplings.  4 bags?! that's right...so I thought it must be good &  decided to try a bag myself.  When you enter the store you see the lady there making the dumplings so they are fresh. Like other reviewers below mentioned, the ppl who work here don't really speak English.  I didn't know how to say "frozen bag of dumplings" in Chinese so I said it in English...after saying it a few times the lady brought to the counter a bag of frozen dumplings :)  I nodded, said "yes" & made a hand signal for 5 haha.  Each bag of dumplings cost $9 & you get a large bag of them (maybe 50?).  The lady was nice enough to paper bag each frozen bag of dumplings before putting them into a plastic bag.  So at 10pm at night I was looking for a night time snack & decided to give these dumplings a try!  They turned out delish!  They are soft & very flavorful. I mixed peanut butter with siracha hot sauce to make a sauce to dip them with & it tasted great with them.  They tasted as if my parents made them at home & I was heating them up to eat.  I have bought frozen dumplings before from Vanessa's Dumplings (these to me are a quick fix if you crave dumplings but nothing spectacular),  Lam Zhou Noodles & Man Doo Bar...all pretty good but this place is the clear winner due to the soft dumpling shell & the flavorful meat/veggie filling.  I can't wait to return to try the peanut noodles!
Thought I reviewed this place years ago but guess not.  Didn't think it was that great then.  Returned because line for Prosperity was down the street.  Here it took 20 seconds.  6 dumplings so flavorful they didn't even need sauce for 2 bucks. Definitely worth a visit!
looks dingy a-f from the outsidewheat noodles with peanut sauce was tasty; would not recommend the trip noodle soup as the flavor of tripe was a bit too strong for me. But will definitely come back for the freaking dumplings. Both the pork & leek and pork & cabbage were delicious!
This tucked away little restaurant was packed and their prices are unbelievably cheap. The food was very delicious and beyond our expectations for what we paid. The service was very quick and friendly. We chose to have our food "to go" and everything was included in the bag to eat at our hotel room. They do offer dine in option in there restaurant.We got 4 orders of dumplings and 4 orders of peanut noodles (2 were wheat noodles and 2 were rice noodles). This fed our family of 4 (2 adult children and 2 parents) for $20! We even had left overs! If you need good eats on the cheap! I recommend this place.
Definitely a hole in the wall, and I love it. My friends and I went and got an order of the pork and chives dumplings, and the peanut butter noodles. I devoured the dumplings: savory, great flavors, and so cheap ($3 for 10). The noodles were okay, could have had more peanut butter flavor for me.
Huge servings. Great flavor. The warm dumplings and soup are perfect on a rainy day. Tourists: pair this with a trip to the nearby tenement museum to experience Nyc in the 1800s.
It doesn't get any cheaper than Shu Jiao anywhere, any place, any time, but sometimes a cheap food experience is not the best experience. Shu Jiao is located on the corner of Broome and Eldridge Streets near the famed Vanessa's Dumplings. Where Vanessa's capitalizes on the tourists, Shu clearly capitalizes on business from the locals. It's cramped, stuffy interior with a few tables is not ideal or practical for most, but serves its purpose for the quick, sit-down and leave customers. More space would really help with the dine-in experience though.Shu Jiao's menu items range anywhere from $2-$4 (yes, you read that right in NYC) --- in other words CRAZY CHEAP! The menu is not big and they only specialize in soupy noodles and dumplings. We both ordered the Beef tripe with thin/thick rice noodle soup and an order of both the Pork & Chive and Pork & Cabbage dumplings. Sorry to say, but the rice noodle soups were disappointing. They lacked flavor in the broth and it was like drinking water. The noodles didn't have any flavors and we had to douse them with the sauces on our table. The tripe and meats inside the noodle were OK tasting. Nothing great, but not the worst. The dumplings were good, but it's nothing we couldn't get anywhere else. If you have to go with one, our preference was hands down the Pork & Chive dumpings. There was more flavor inside with the chives. After assessing what everyone was eating, we realized that we probably should have gone with the Thick rice noodle with peanut sauce, so anyone reading this out there ---- order that because that seemed like the hot item! Not only was the food disappointing, but the experience was as well. Having frequented Chinatown all of our lives, we weren't expecting any 5-star dining experience, but the cramped, heavily trafficked interior didn't make for the best time. There wasn't much walking room and there was never a moment where the restaurant wasn't packed beyond capacity. In addition, the ordering system was just terrible and disorganized. After customers order and take a seat inside, a woman would come rushing out with random orders and yell, "Who ordered this?" in Mandarin. Since so many people were ordering the same items,  any one could have just vouched for it and said it was there's resulting in a free meal. It also wasn't surprising that she kept going from customer to customer to see if it was there's when items went unclaimed too. This problem could easily be resolved with order numbers and just having the employees yell out the order numbers instead of the menu items. I understand that the food is cheap here, but at what cost does the entire dining experience go out the window for that cheap food? Shu Jiao is a perfect example of where the system has just gone awry.
Best place if you are low on cash. 5$ for 10 dumplings and dope PB noodles is the best deal in the city i know by far. People who work here are really chill and you get the food in like 30 seconds. Lifehack
Tiny spot, solid food, hella cheap.Dumplings were good. Fatty me prefers fried which isn't an option here, but the filling was tasty. Soup - I had the fishball - Broth is good. Wasn't a fan of the fish balls though. Very gelatinous taste to it, aka seems like less fish more gel. Come with meat inside. I ordered one with non meat as well (as sometimes the larger meat filled ones are less quality) but it's the same fish ball, just no meat. My friend said that's the style from that region, obviously I'm not a fan though. She had the tripe soup and seemed to enjoy it.Peanut butter noodles were spot on.
This place is amazing!!! You literally get full on $2. Eat the peanut butter wheat noodles it everything looked delicious.
You can't go wrong with their fu zhou balls. Little pockets of meat in a delicious plump fish ball. I buy them frozen in bulk, 3 pack for 10 bucks. Great for adding into noodle soups at home. I also have bought their frozen dumplings which are just as great as any other in-house made dumpling place.
Damnnnnnn good dumplings. Their pork & chive filling is rather sweet and caramelly on top of very savory. Their dumpling skins are semi-translucent and rather elastic from being boiled, which makes a very entertaining texture. Hard to stop eating but also a very satisfying meal for just $3, or a snack for $2.The people are quite courteous and you can watch the cooks make your dumpings in a giant steaming vat of water in the back. Can't wait to try out their peanut butter wheat noodles!
This take out joint us the bomb!  Clear and savory food... The minimalist decor is made up by the delicious steamed or fried dumplings and noodles ... It's Fuzhou cuisine and spicy nicey. You have to visit this place and try the sour soup!!!! Or hot wheat noddle dish‼‼‼‼
I cannot stop thinking about the $2 peanut noodles. The only thing I would get from here. I tried the 1A noodles they were bland and the pork and chives dumplings. I might order the pork and chives dumplings again, but I was for sure won over by the peanut noodles (I got the wheat noodles).
Small and a little cramped, this place offers authentic Fujianese comfort foods for just few bucks per dish. I stumbled upon this restaurant one day while showing a friend through Chinatown and I can say that fellow Yelpers did this place justice. With over hundreds of reviews, I had to give this place a try and I'm glad I did. I got the noodles with peanut butter sauce and a small order of dumplings. Thumbs up for sure
This place was fun. I like the decorations they had up all over the restaurant. Seems crowded, but you get seated pretty quickly (if you're a small group 4 or less). You're given a number to wait. Portions are huge. Split an entree and fried rice with a friend and didn't even finish half the food before we were absolutely full. One of the nicer sit down Chinese restaurants in LES - if that's what you're looking for. I'm sure their take out is just as good. Note: beef and broccoli comes with Chinese broccoli (stalky). They specified this to us when we ordered - I'm assuming it's because they've had a couple of patrons complain or be confused when they didn't get a cruciferous vegetable.
Peanut noodles and a large order of dumplings will be too much food to finish. Great value and always reliable.
Don't come here with a big party! It is just a small dinky place but the food is CHEAP and DELICIOUS. I'm a repeat customer and I've tried the "A1 beef tripe with thin rice noodle soup" ($3.50, and it also has pieces of meat in addition to the tripe, with a bit of scallions and lettuce) and the "pork and chive dumplings" ($2 for 6, or $3 for 10). Everything comes out quickly and steamy, and everything is so delicious especially for how cheap it is. I was feeling full just after the A1 noodles, but I couldn't resist finishing all the dumplings too. The dumplings were all intact (as in they weren't broken from the boil) and just the right amount of wrapper to filling ratio. Just a quick glance around the room I noticed that by far the most popular dish is the peanut butter sauce noodles ($2). I was hesitant to get it just because it is noodles and scallions and nothing else (no vegetable no meat). But everything is so cheap and everyone raves about the PB noodle dish so I'm dying to try it next time!This place is cash only.
First visit.  I'd read some reviews of this place so I went and got some dumplings and some noodles for takeaway.  Food came quickly, about 5 minutes.  Got home and immediately regretted not getting a larger order of dumplings- they were really good- juicy, with wrappers that were not too thick, very flavoursome.  The tripe and rice noodle soup was also good, but much more subtle and I lacked hot sauce to jazz it up.  I will definitely be going back to explore more of the menu.
Place was very very cheap. The dumplings are good and worth the price. The $2 peanut noodles were a great portion but lacks flavor. Overall I got 4 things for under $11 which cannot be beat.
#5 wheat noodles with peanut sauce. A meal for $2. Delicious, simple and cheap. Not there for the decor.
This is the ultimate cheap eats. The prices are really cheap!!! Dishes are less that $4. Now this restaurant might look like an old run down place, but they got good food. My go to is the Peanut Noodles. Man is that delicious. When you combine my favorites together...peanut sauce and noodles, then you get one delicious plate of noodles. Best to eat it piping hot, when it comes out. The other dish I get is the Wonton Soup. These Fu Zhou wontons are different than normal Chinese wontons. These wontons have maybe a pinch of meat, but it is still good. The soup is savory and hot. The wontons are succulent, translucent, and delicious. Get a complete delicious meal without spending a whole lot.
Peanut butter noodles - where have you been all my life?!Honestly, I had major concerns about putting peanut butter in my noodles but I was so wrong. This place gets the recipe just right and make these noodles SO WELL. Oh yeah, and it's only $2. Can't find a better deal than that.I wasn't a huge fan of the pork and chive dumplings here though. Prosperity still has my #1 spot for cheap dumplings. The hot and sour soup was on point. Great hearty broth.So in total, our whole meal came out to $6 = Peanut Butter Noodles ($2) + Pork and Chive Dumplings ($2) + Hot and Sour Soup ($2).Go here. Now.
There's a reason they're at 4.5 stars and that is exactly what they are. I tried to keep this tiny gem in a wall a secret for as long as possible. I've been going here for many years and have seen the power of gentrification at its best. Authenitc Fujianese cuisine making some of the best cheap eats around. The FJ comfort food is simple and delicious. The peanut noodles are great, not the best I've had, but pretty standard and for $2, try finding another meal for that price in the city. The true heroes here are the dumplings. They're only boiled so if you're looking for fried, this is not the place. Nice thin skin, perfect ratio of meat and veggies, and $3 for 10. They offer a smaller portion for almost every item if you want to try a bunch of stuff or just be fat and order a feast every time like my fat ass does. You can leave breathing heavy, waddling out holding your belly and full with under 8 bucks here. It truly hits the spot on cold winter days scarfing down some hot soupy goodness. There's nothing fancy about it, but that's part of the experience. It's a humble place with true humble beginnings and I'm glad they're doing well because I'd hate to see this place go. If you plan to give it a bad review then you know nothing of FJ cuisine and should go down the street to vanessa's, where your hipster ass belongs.Stay fat mother suckers
ONE OF MY FAVORITE DUMPLINGS EVER. This place is right around the corner from Vanessa's and we went here right after going to Vanessa's. We got steamed pork and chive dumplings that came out really fast. This place is a true hole in the wall. Do not expect fancy plates or necessarily a super clean place. However, you SHOULD expect scrumptious dumplings with the juiciest, tastiest pork and chive filling (very chive-y I should add, but in a good way!), and thin but perfect textured wrapper. And they were super cheap too! $3 for 8 delicious dumplings. What more could you ask for? I'm still dreaming of those dumplings...
$3 for 6 pork and chives dumplings, how can it get any better than this?? Oh, it actually tastes amazing, too! What's even more amazing is that you can buy 50 frozen dumplings for only $10. How can you go wrong with that? NYers, you are lucky to have such a gem here. I wish I could bring this back to the Bay Area.
Great food, fast service, and excellent prices. I had a plate of dumplings for , pork ball soup for , can of soda for , and peanut noodles for . All of them tasted fresh and homemade. The portion are huge for the price. We couldn't finish all of our food but we all agreed that it is was excellent for the price. I will be coming back often for a cheap quick filling bite to eat!
This place is just so cheap. $2 for a plate of noodles in peanut sauce, not too salty or oily, perfect ratio of sauce to noodles, $3 for a warming bowl of noodles and pickled veggies. It's not spectacular food, just simple dishes one could make at home, but for those in the neighborhood looking for a quiet place to eat out alone, it's perfect. The staff is friendly and understands orders easily and quickly. Better, less obnoxious (read loud white hipsters) crowd than to be found at Lam Zhou, or Tasty Hand Pulled (fewer tourists).
This is a no-frills, no-nonsense Chinese hole-in-the-wall that pushes out legit, steaming hot noodles and dumplings. The prices will make you smile almost as much as the food will. Ideal for tourists, travelers, or anyone in a hurry who doesn't want to sacrifice authenticity for convenience. You definitely won't regret it. I hope I find myself back here soon.
Though it's been around for the better part of a decade, Shu Jiao Fu Zhou has only been popular on Yelp for the last few years. Hailed as one of the more simpler Fukinese snack spots, it has been a cheap eats haven for noodle and dumpling lovers since inception. Despite gaining a lot of traction online with the non-Chino crowd, the place has enjoyed a quiet boom without having to sacrifice a lot of their local regulars for newbie visitors.The name of the place was dubbed "Shu Jiao Fu Zhou" (Fu Zhou style dumplings) online, even though the English was a pseudo side title to describe their food. The actual title 潭頭王記魚丸 (Tantou's King of Fish Balls) refers to Tantou, the Fujian based town known for cranking out the region's most prized local food: fish balls. And these fish balls are wonderful. Pillowy soft, float perfectly in their tame, but mild broth, and have a small pork filling for each one. The texture is smooth, the meat is tasty,and each ball is even all around. An order of 8 costs a cool $2. Throw in an order for 10 of their steamed pork + leek dumplings ($3) and a peanut "ban mian" noodle ($2), and you've essentially got 3 items for less than $10. This is a cash only joint, which is understandable given the price points and unapologetic divey surroundings.Most folks here don't speak much English, if any at all. Their new found fame has afforded them an upgraded menu that now shows English, but pointing is the way to go for our non-Chino speaking friends. This is a great spot for solo diners, though they do have an adequate amount of seating to house all sorts of groups. Avoid the (staff) bathroom at all costs and know the pretension here is non-existent. Don't come in expecting much beyond simple food for a beyond reasonable price.
great spot for a simple and quick lunch! i was good and almost holding my tummy with just $5 worth of food! we got #4 the dumplings with pork and chive and #5 noodles in peanut sauce! wow if you can managed to devour 10 dumplings and a plate of noodles, you're a champ alright!  we also added a bowl of fish balls to try.  i can do without those next time.. in fact, we were so full, we didn't even finish those.  i wasn't the biggest fan for the fish balls even though they're famous here.  i have had some good fish balls in my life and this didn't cut it... but it was only $2, not the biggest lost.my bf rated this place 6 out of 10 for authenticity since his family is from Fu Zhou.  to me, it was pure and simple.. delicious! i would return if i'm in the area~ i looooove noodles!
Certainly the cheapest of the cheap in Chinatown, but contrary to popular opinion, I just don't think stuff here taste that great :( I would not recommend to my friends (if I want to maintain credibility)$2 for wheat noodles in peanut sauce: not special, tasted kinda bland. I originally wanted to try this because I make my own peanut noodles at home and wanted to see if they put something special in theirs I could learn from. I'll stick with mine back at home.$2 for 6 boiled dumplings (or $3 for 10): From all the reviews, I had high hopes for these, but they were too watery and the filling needed more salt or flavor. I was so disappointed I didn't even get a batch of frozen dumplings to go. These can't even hold a candle to the 4 or 5 most popular dumplings spots in Chinatown.I really appreciated it when the guy at the register was nice enough to tell me to mix my peanut noodles quickly before they stick together :) Definitely plus points for the service.
very good food and it is really cheap and fast. i come here every week and it doesn't disappoint
I was a big fan of Prosperity Dumplings like I would go there all the time, then THere is Vanessa's Dumplings that is very famous also but I got to see this place.  Honestly, I read the reviews on Yelp first but then I happened to finally go a few times.  The location is nice, right on the corner.  It is a true no-frills spot, you just go in and get what you like in the small space.    It seems like it is a true toss up, most people would eat in or take out.  The Pork and Chive Dumplings is what I have tried, the 10 is great to get.  Also, I recommend the  Peanut Butter Noodles ($2).  There is another non wheat version of noodles you can get as well.  Both varieties are actually recommended by me.  Fish Balls are cool to order as well in the soup but it is not a 10 out of 10 recommendation.  Cheap meal spot it is indeed, worth at least one visit.  Check it out.
Overall you eat what you paid for. Do not expect a fancy meal. It is quick, cheap, and it gets the job done, just how I like my coffee........not really a coffee guy, right now. Everything here it dirt cheap and it is wonderful for people who just want to grab and go without burning your wallet. We all know expensive NYC can be. Personally, I usually go for the dumplings and the noodles with the peanut butter sauce. The prices are $2 to $3 and you buy a lot to fill up quickly. The food here is simple and straightforward, and some people may not agree with that, but sometimes people just want a quick bite to start or continue their long days. I will not say that this place is amazing, but it gets the job done like the coffee we buy off the street vendors. It gets the job done.
Get the peanut noodles they were really good! I also got the fish ball soup but didn't like it much the soup was bland mostly celery taste and the fish balls was filled with meat but you can find these in the freezer section of the supermarket. Service was nice the cashier was friendly and food is all very cheap.
Overall: 5/5This is my go to place in NYC. Great value, great food. I only wish there were locations closer to me :PPricing: 5/5!!!Very cheap pricing for decent amounts of food. So far the best deal in NYC that I've had so far. While they don't offer free tap water, the price they charge for drinks is very reasonable and on the value side ($1).Food quality: 4.5/5The food tasted good and felt fresh.Service: 4/5Barebones but friendly :) The staff there seem to be long-term workers with pride of the place.Atmosphere: 2/5Barebones. If you're coming here, you're coming for the food, not the decor. It's cafeteria style, but relatively clean.
Wow!!!!  If you like dumplings you will love this venue. 10 pork and chive boiled dumplings for 3 dollars.  The skin is so perfectly thin and tasty.  Perfect dumpling.  50 frozen dumplings for 10 dollars!!!!  Run and try!!!!
Had the steamed pork and chive dumplings. They were yummy. Would love to go back for a noodle soup. A keeper!
Been coming here for years. Solid Fujianese homey food, I leave them a little tip and make small talk in the dialect. The workers are really gracious folks and omg the beef starch soup  gives me life and I don't care that I usually leave with a distended belly.
Shu Jiao is a somewhat run-down restaurant with decent food at very affordable prices. I don't think I've seen a place as cheap as this when it comes to food.I had the peanut butter noodles and dumplings. Both were really good and well flavored, even though you can tell they didn't use the highest quality ingredients in their preparation. Like any place in Chinatown, don't expect good (or any) service at all.
Amazing pork and chive dumplings, good noodles with peanut sauce (both wheat and rice). I would give the noodles a 4 star because they were a tad overcooked, but for the price point they're phenomenal. Family of 4 ate here for $20 and had plenty left over, which is one of the best deals I've ever seen. Service is fast, price is cheap, and the food is great. What more do you need?
Cheap, Cheap, Cheap!This restaurant is as cheap as you can get but it had raving reviews on Yelp so I figured I had to to try it.Everything here is pretty much $2 and the portions are pretty big for the price. As soon as you come inside this place you notice that it is very busy. I ordered the wheat noodles with peanut sauce which was very bland and lacking flavor and the beef starch soup which I thought was disgusting. It was also gross that they did not have a garbage bin just a few open smelly garbage bags in the back corner falling on the floor with trash in them.If I was giving a rating for price for food this place would be rated very high just as everyone else rated it. I feel the other reviews are very bias based on the price. The food quality is not good at all and I won't be returning.In short:- gross food-very cheap!- I will not be back
10 dumplings for 3$ you can't hate it but the peanut noodles highly recommended by fellow yelpers were pretty bland. Overall If I'm in the area and want some hot dumps I'll stop in and check the guys on Eldridge. Still go here over Vanessa dumplings.Don't believe the hype
Shu Jiao Fuzhouese CuisineNY Manhattan LES12pm Tuesday 22nd December 2015Four StarsThe place is eerily quiet especially since there were 15 customers packed in this small restaurant. The only sounds were the kitchen fan and the occasional slurp. There is plenty of seating but you just help yourself to an open space. They only speak Chinese but they will understand your English or the menu item number.  I had #4b Large: 10 Pork and Cabbage Dumplings ($3) and #5 Wheat Noodles with Peanut Sauce ($2).  The dumplings are boiled and come out piping hot. The skin was medium thin. The pork had a mainly ginger and shoyu flavor. The noodles are freshly boiled and then tossed in a thick savory peanut sauce. The noodles were thick, wavy, and packed with gluten-y goodness. The sauce combination of peanut butter, soy sauce, garlic, vinegar, sugar, and corn starch.  The food is filling and cheap. So if you are adventurous, you need to add this place to your to-eat list.
Inexpensive place to grab a quick bite. The pork & chive dumplings were delicious, the wheat noodles with peanut sauce was just ok. It could've been more flavorful, there was nothing that made you think it was a peanut sauce. The woman behind the counter was friendly and the service was fast. Will definitely go back for the dumplings.
Came here on the recommendation of a new friend.Great FJ food at a great price. What's not to like?We ordered 1B, and 2B off of the quick menu on the wall. From order time to the time they were mouths was a blink of an eye.Will be back to try everything else.
Dumplings and peanut butter noodles are SOOOO GOOD!I never knew you could use peanut butter for it, but it's great!And for $4 you can't beat it!Small note though I won't recommend those beef soups unless this is specifically what you like to eat. Sinews and animal fat are main ingredient here. My grandfather would gladly consume this, but I could never do this.If you like me, just grab peanut butter noodles and dumplings and you'll definitely come back!
This is my go-to place for dumplings and definitely my favorite place for it in Manhattan. The good tastes so good and the price is just amazing! I love the pork and chive dumplings the most. The guy who took my order was actually pretty nice; I was pleasantly surprised by it because normally, chinatown servers have horrible attitudes. I also got a bag of frozen dumplings to take home (50 for 10$) and I've been enjoying those too! The only weird thing that threw me off was that they didn't have vinegar. Well, they had WHITE vinegar, soy sauce, and saracha sauce, but I didn't see any of the black vinegar that is a staple dipping sauce for dumplings. I was just very confused by that, but honestly the dumplings are good enough that sauce isn't needed.
Grabbed 2 orders of large dumplings and noodles with peanut sauce; for 8 bucks this is an ungodly amount of food and on a Friday night it was made super fast. Best cheap dumpling spot in Chinatown hands down
We are the wonton soup, pork ball soup, beef noodle soup, dumplings, and peanut noodles, so pretty much everything on the menu.Ambience and atmosphere: Hole in the wall, verging on ghetto; 2 starsFood:Wonton soup - mostly noodle, very little pork; 2 starsPork ball soup - terrible; 1 starBeef noodle soup - tasty but the beef balls were strange. Bought the beef with starch, so it was a little bouncy on the chopsticks. Probably would bounce off a wall also; 3 starsDumplings - lots of chives, best thing on the menu; 3.5 starsPeanut noodles - tasty for several bites but gets monotonous; 2.5 stars
It would be extremely difficult to find another place in manhattan that gives you this much value. For less than $5, you can walk away extremely stuffed and satisfied. My personal favorites are the peanut noodles and the dumplings. The peanut sauce on the noodles is super addictive, a perfect combination of savory and sweet. The dumplings are handmade with a very flavorful filling. I can eat them without any dipping sauce and still enjoy them a lot. I like to buy the bags of frozen dumplings (50 for $10!) and keep them in the freezer for super easy and lazy weekday dinners. The service here is quick and friendly - the lady who takes the orders speaks English, so don't be intimidated to walk in if you aren't Chinese! The menu is also bilingual.
Awesome hole in the wall! Tables are usually dirty and ambience isn't nice but food is great! I recommend the dumplings and peanut noodles, the soup all have tons of msg so stay away from the soups!
Super cheap and delicious! I always get the following:-Pork and chive boiled dumplings-Peanut noodles (they taste better if you eat at the restaurant instead of take out)-fish ball soup
This place rocks. Can't believe how much you can eat here for so cheap!My favorite here are the dumplings. They give you 10 boiled for $3 and they are fantastic. Much better than Prosperity and Vanessa, although I think still slightly below my favorite at Lam Zhou (although that's not a knock) - packed with filling and very flavorful. Their noodle with peanut sauce is huge for the price as well. You can stuff yourself silly for under $10 here. Service is friendly, and they have workers who speak English (along with an English menu) for those who don't speak. As Kuan B pointed out, their Sriracha is not watered down either - which seems to be an anomaly in Chinatown haha.The soups looked delicious, but I was too full to stuff myself further...will definitely be back!
Outstanding soups and dumplings for less than $5 per plate at the heart of Chinatown. We ordered two beef tripe with thick rice noodle and pork & choice dumplings for $12, the food was phenomenal.
This place might have the best food in all of Chinatown.  Definitely would recommend the deliciously al dente peanut wheat noodles and the dumplings, which are the only dumplings in the world that taste about as good as my mother's.  Prices are dirt cheap, your table is clean as long as you wipe it yourself, and the food on your styrofoam plate is about as good as it gets.
Favorite hole in the wall! Super cheap, fast, and so freaking good. This is a no frills spot and possibly a little sketchy in terms of cleanliness but definitely underrated. Initially came here for the FJ peanut butter noodles but i now come back whenever I'm in the area looking for a super quick meal. On my most recent visit with my sister, we picked up an order of their beef tripe noodle soup, pork/chive dumplings, peanut butter noodles, and wonton soup which totaled to only $9.50. Unbelievable for NYC!! The wonton soup is probably my favorite thing on the menu because of its super delicate thin skin. Light and refreshing after the heavy carbs in any of the other dishes.Seats about 20 people but the food comes out quickly and there's no ambience or reason to linger after your meal so the turnover works out pretty well!
Had the spicy peanut noodles, and two large orders of dumplings (pork and chive, pork and cabbage). The dumplings were the best I've had in Manhattan, fresh and the consistency was perfect, definitely rivaling the titans in Flushing. The noodles were delicious as well. Everything was dirt cheap and ready quickly.
Very good tasting dumplings, soup, and noodles, at a low price. We did experiment with the "Fish soup (with bone)", which had ample bits of fish, but there were so many needle-fine bones embedded that my wife (who loves fish and usually isn't deterred) gave up trying to finish it.The whole place is very small, so it would be overwhelmed by any but the smallest groups; as it was, we shared a table with complete strangers to get a seat. The rest room is gender-neutral of necessity, since there is only one small toilet sharing a cramped space with mops and other stored supplies.Go there for great but limited-menu fill-you-up food at bargain prices, but forget about ambience.One thing we positively dislike is their use of styrene foam containers both for eat-in and take-out. The problem is not that they are unfancy, but that they are prone to spilling, generate a lot of landfill, and leach styrene monomer and who knows what else into your nice hot food.
cheap and delicious, their dumplings are perfect.
Borderline Food Poisoning.I love this place yo. I really do but tonight really put things in perspective. Wasn't on a budget but I was in the neighborhood after checking out a highly raved about ice cream shop. So naturally, I came here for a quick bite and then off to errands.For the last couple of visits, I've always asked that my food be WELL DONE. This doesn't mean that they don't normally cook food well done but because the dumplings are pork after all, cooking temperature/ cooking time/ properly handling of the dirtiest meat is essentially. I'm not sure whether it was undercooked or perhaps maybe the pork dumplings were sat out for too long and retained extra food bacteria or what, but after eating the 2 plate of food I started feeling a bit nauseated. I ordered the large order of pork & chive dumplings (this usually take the longest to come out because they make it fresh I believe), pork & cabbage dumplings (this usually take around 3-5 minutes although when I as for it to be well done/cooked thoroughly it really should take 10 minutes), and fish ball soup (never ordered this before so no comment). I killed the plate of pork & cabbage dumplings. I killed the bowl of fish balls.I took 2 or 3 bites of the pork & chive dumplings. I felt the onslaught of nausea.I had errands to run so I just went along with it thinking it might just be a minor upset stomach. I'll take care of it when I get home.I was in that state of nausea for the rest of the day all the way through my final errand at Target. I was really contemplating or just forcing a throw up to get it out of my system at Target even though the lavatories weren't exactly the cleanest.I got home. I threw as much of that shit up as I possibly could.I felt better but lord knows how I feel tomorrow.This could have been a one time thing. It was a hot summer day after all but inside the restaurant, it was blasting air conditioning. Cheap eats is not worth chancing another upset stomach. Tonight was the last time I'm eating here. Fandom revoked.
I'm obsessed!!! I came here for the first time about a month ago and the food were sooo tasty and cheap!!! I've been back a number of times and it never disappoints. I love the peanut noodles and the dumplings, reminds me of home. I live on UES, but would never hesitate coming downtown to get food here!!
The dumplings is fantastic! The juicy pork n chives are wrap is light skin! I will buy it every time when I go to New York! I brought a 50 dumplings for $10 only! I'm told them I'm from Boston, then they pack it in a plastic box n secure for me! Absolutely love this place!
As a hole in the wall in Chinatown, this place is quite unique and has delicious food! I got an order of the noodles with peanut sauce and a small fish ball soup. The noodles were chewy and the sauce was peanutty and flavorful, awesome! I just wish they had some chili oil for me to add to it; it would have been the perfect combination. The fish balls were quite good as well, though the meat inside wasn't very flavorful. The fish ball outside was quite chewy though not as soft as I thought it would be. The soup it came with was really good too, especially after I added the white pepper. For $2 each (including tax, and since you pay first you don't need to pay tip), the noodles and the fish ball soup are definitely a great bargain! I also tried my friend's steamed dumplings which were also good (the soy sauce they have there isn't strictly soy sauce and it's really delicious - I want to find out what it is!). The skin was a bit thick, though it was quite chewy. Very simple meal, but quite satisfying and tasty!
So simple yet so so so good!! The noodles in peanut butter was amazing as well as their dumplings. The dumplings aren't the same as the ones sold in supermarkets so it's worth ordering. Don't let the restaurant exterior/interior scare you from trying this place; these are the places that serve the best kinds of food!
Okay, good taste, GREAT value. Yes, it's in Chinatown, so the value part of it shouldn't be that surprising, but still pretty happy with my $7 meal. I came to this place after realizing that Prosperity Dumpling (my favorite potstickers in the world) had been shut down since the last time I visited New York. And in looking for another place where I could eat some delicious dumplings, fellow Yelpers pointed me to this restaurant.This is an actual restaurant - not a huge one, but there are enough for about 20 people to sit. 1 big table in the middle, a couple small tables, and about 10 seats of window/bar (not the cool kind) seating. The staff there are all very friendly, speak english, and are thoughtful enough to give you options that work better for you. As I chose between fish balls and pork balls, the person suggested that they could do a combo for the same price. Awesome. $2: 6 pork and chive dumplings. Mind you, they don't have postickers at this place, so the pork and chive dumplings, the pork and cabbage dumplings, they are all boiled. Still delicious and infinitely healthier! Use a combination with 1 part soy sauce, 0.5 parts sriracha, 2 parts white vinegar for a delicious sauce to complement the dumplings. They came plump, juicy, flavorful, and fresh. $2: Peanut butter wheat noodles. Never had this before, it was tasty if you like peanut butter or peanut satay. It's one note though, you've got your noodles and you've got your peanut sauce. So if you're expecting depth in flavor you're probably not going to get it unless you want to start adding your own notes of spice with table top condiments.$2: Pork ball / Fish ball soup. The soup was authentic, fresh, brothy, healthy, delicious. The chinese celery they use in the soup gave a great flavor to the broth. The broth was clean, clear, pure, and delicious. The pork balls were essentially little wontons, not what I expected, but still delicious - they were like little pork and chive dumplings. Fish balls with pork filling were okay - they were a little on the bland side as well. But the SOUP is where it's at. $1: Bottle of water.All in all, convenient location right off the D train, surrounded by other eateries if you're in the mood to explore, and SUPER cheap place to eat in comparison to the rest of Manhattan. I've previously been to Vanessa's and wasn't so impressed (in comparison to Prosperity) and this place was smart to not offer potstickers. You wouldn't be comparing directly to something else that has won peoples' hearts. Good place to go if you're missing dumplings in your life. And if you really want potstickers, you can always buy their frozen dumplings and frying them up at home.
I have to say I was overall incredibly happy with my incredibly cheap lunch! You can't beat 10 pork and chive dumplings for $3, wheat noodles in peanut sauce (delicious, btw) for $2 and fish balls for $2. The food comes out quickly and there is plenty of seating (likely because Vanessa's is right next door). It is absolutely a hole-in-the-wall establishment, but the food is worth it. Will be back for many more dumpling fixes!
This place is amazing and so under-rated. They have some of the cheapest prices in Chinatown. They're tucked away and somewhat hidden so I don't think they get as much foot traffic but it's worth walking the extra 2 minutes.The prices are so low it's unreal. I'd go here over Vanessa's down the street any day. It's way less crowded and much quieter. They have a ton of noodles and soup options as well. This place is on par with Lam Zhou, my other favorite for dumplings next to Prosperity.
Delicious wheat noodles with peanut butter sauce- $2. Decent sized portion, friendly service.
The best pork and chive dumplings around town! The wheat noodles with peanut sauce is also delicious. The fish balls are okay to me - I think I may actually prefer the frozen ones from the supermarket for hot pot. I found these to be a tad fishy. We loved the dumplings so much that we bought frozen ones for home - perfect for emergency meals when you don't want to cook!
Really cheap and good dumpling place that rivals Vanessa's dumplings that is right next door! We got the fish ball soup, dumplings and noodles on sesame day CR between 3 people and it was less than $10!
Sooo good. And there's an adequate amount of seating in the restaurant. You pay and sit down and they bring it to you. Everything on menu is like 3-5 dollars. Mom and pop place. Peanut butter noodles and dumplings awesome
They understand English. The food is the cheapest you'll ever find in Chinatown with seats.They deliver the food to you without expecting tips.Their siracha isn't water down.What more can you ask for?!(They only have boiled dumplings. Their peanut butter noodles is only two dollars and it is filling. You can order noodles with beef for only 3.50!)
The fish balls in the fish ball soup were excellent.They had a good slippery texture on the outside and a bit of salty meat wrapped inside. The soup is really just water with salt, msg, and chopped bits of green onion.The beef with starch and wheat noodle soup was forgettable. I wouldn't with it. Both noodle and soup weren't tasty.Stick with the fish balls!
Fantastic noodles in peanut sauce and pork dumplings. The service is fast, prices are low, and food is delicious!
Wide noodles in peanut butter sauce on styrofoam plate. Check.Half dozen pork and chive dumplings with very thick skins. Check.$4.00 tabHappy bellyLunch accomplishedThis place is sort of a dump... no, it's a dump, and I can't wait to come back. All those folks lined up at Vanessa's down the block (most of you tourists like me), I think you might be missing the real thing.
I'm pretty conflicted here.. the peanut noodles and dumplings were DELICIOUS and only 5 dollars total.. The dumplings are a tad bit stnky but boy were they delicious. I had only scarfed down one dumpling before I found a long piece of hair stuck in the dumplings... thin, long and curly hair.. which was clearly not mine because my hair is straight and was pulled up all day. Hence it was the lady who packaged the dumplings who I remember did not wear a hairnet. I had to throw the rest of the dumplings away, If I didn't find hair, this is a 4 star establishment but I think hygiene trumps taste in this case.
Dang. Suuuuuuuuuper good and so cheap! This is a classic hole-in-the-wall joint. It feels like you uncovered a gem right when you walk in. Seating is tight (I don't recommend being the poor chap who sits nearest the door and gets hit with it every so often), but window seats are always great. Tried to give the cashier a compliment in the form of a half-joke, but he wasn't havin it. So don't come in to exchange pleasantries or get a smile. Lol. But the food and the prices are bomb. I got the pork and chives dumplings and the fish ball soup. The dumplings are where it's at. The soup.... meh.
We had the beef noodle soup to me it was kind of bland and the beef tripe tasted like rubber but my friend really liked that place. The prices are very affordable so if u are looking for a cheap place to eat this is a good option. Although tin my opinion venessa dumplings next door is better tho
I can't say I was impressed after going here, but considering the prices I think it's very fair. Everything is either $2 or $3 and that mere $2 will get you a plate of noodles with sauce or 6 pork + cabbage/leek dumplings. Very good for when you want to meet friends out but don't want to do too much spending. You could be very full for under ten dollars (cash only!) In no way would I say these things aren't worth the price, but I can't say I would go out of my way for this place. The dumplings were a bit lacking in taste and I usually wouldn't go out for just noodles without vegetables or anything. From sampling a few things, I think I would recommend the thick noodles with peanut butter sauce most.
Makes you feel like being in China. It Is magic how incredible food can make you feel being completely immersed in a culture. This place did just that.
Everyone needs to calm down. Not sure what the big deal is. Dumplings are fine, soup was fine. All a bit bland and the place is dirty.
Soooooo good. The real fuzhou food. Better than Vanessa's and no wait! Sit here and they serve you. When you're done and searching for a garbage can, fudgedabbout it because you won't find it haha. Simply leave your plates there and leave. No tip! So I got the wonton ($2) pronounced bianu in fjThen I got #3 ($3) the cabbage noodle soupAnd a small 6 piece pork and chive dumpling ($3)The last time I was here I had the peanut butter noodle. This is the first place I found that has two different noodles for the peanut butter sauce. Flat or white thin noodle. Both delish!
Ok, so I totally get the idea of authentic cuisine, but this was lackluster. While, yes, the prices are adequate for what you get, I'd rather just buy a cheap bag of dumplings (12-20 count) and steam them at home. They were tasty here, but meh. The fish ball soup was basically the most scalding water I've ever been served, with 6 fish balls floating in it. The fish balls were tasty, but once again, meh. Don't get me started on the rice noodles and peanut butter sauce. They were mush and just plain unappetizing. What I'd suggest: get the dumplings- skip the rest.
Wow! The pork and scallion dumplings and the noodles with peanut sauce were absolutely delicious, and the staff were sweet. What a great find. We paid eight dollars for two of us and could not finish all of the delicious food!
Holy crap you can get a lot of food here for under $5. I keep coming back when I want quick, authentic, Chinese food for a few dollars. It's nothing gourmet, but I get the peanut butter noodles for $2 and a bunch of dumplings for $2 more. The restaurant is a little dirty, but you get the food quickly, and you're in and out.
Brb $10 meal for two.I know many of you are thinking how can you give this place 5 stars the food is not that good. But lemme tell you mane you are not gonna get better food for these prices anywhere (at least not in Austin lmao). Get the dumplings and have a good time.
You ever had a day where you don't want the burgers or steaks and just want a quick cheap homecooked meal?  Well, this is the place to go, if your homecooked foods were Asian-oriented.  Our meal consisted of 10 dumplings, 6 fish balls, and noodle with peanut sauce.  This all came out to $7.  That's right, SEVEN dollars!  This spot shares the same address as another dumpling place but it's not in the same location.  Shu Jiao is located at the corner of Broome and Eldridge.  Come here for cheap food, filling food, and hot food without the crowds.  They serve it fast and yummy.  No complaints here!
*** Extremely cheap, Great service, Must try *** If you're looking for the cheapest meal ever, come here! Although the portions aren't ridiculously huge, you won't be able to find 10 dumplings for $3. In addition, you can purchase 50 frozen dumplings for $10. TEN DOLLARS. I mean it's pretty much a steal. I highly recommend coming here but be warned, this is not the fanciest restaurant. Come here for a low key, super casual place.
Haiku:Cheap eats on EldridgeHoping for a new go toBetter luck next timeTo Eat or Not to Eat? Quoth the raven nevermore!
As the little boy next to me shouted, "how can you get so much food for $2?!!"It's insane. Got a big plate of peanut butter noodles, a plate of five boiled pork and chive dumplings, and a bowl of fish balls + soup for $6. Dumplings were my favorite dish. Food quality is 3.5-4 stars, setting is 1 star, but price is 7 stars.
Came here with lifetime customers who recommended the dumplings with peanut noodles. Dumplings are a mustttt order - steamed, skin isn't crazy thick like some other places, and the filling has a hint of sweetness that differentiate it from any other dumpling I've had. Memorable experience eating here :) and can't beat the price!
4.5 stars.It looks like the prices have gone up a whopping 50 cents and the dumpling/fish ball prices remained the same but there are 1 less in each, according to conversations I overheard while eating here and after reading some of the older reviews posted here.Any other day, if I walked by this resataurant on the corner of Broome and Eldridge, I would have probably just walked by it and thought it was some ghetto hole in the wall.  But as many people know, some holes in the walls produce the best food.  The decor is basically next to none and cleanliness is actually decent for a Chinatown restaurant.  The restaurant is actually very spacious, but there is only one large table in the middle to seat a large group - all the rest of the seats are counter space against the window (side-by-side seating).  All food here is served on styrofoam plates and bowls with plastic utensils.  The bathroom is acceptable, but no toilet paper, so make sure you bring in a napkin or something.For $11, the two of us had 2 bowls of noodle soups, a bowl of fish ball soup (6) and pork and chive dumplings (6).  While sitting and eating, it seemed like many people ordered the peanut sauce noodles - will try this next time!  The pork and chive dumplings are probably the best I've had in NYC - they're on the larger side, plump, and juicy; the skin is not too thick either and it's freshly boiled to order (so it seemed).  They were so good I even ordered 10 more to bring to lunch the next day.  The thin rice noodle soups were delicious - I preferred the tripe over the beef starch (ground beef mixed with starched rolled into ball-ish forms).  Fish ball soup - broth was good, but the homemade (I think) fish balls weren't all that spectacular - probably had some better ones at hot pot places.You'll be stuffed full for pennies here.
very good Fuzhou restaurant. omg the fish ball are great great!!!1
Trying the East Side of Chinatown.  Me, eater of dumplings, Fiancee, Mandarin speaker and Honker.  We go to Vanessa's and it is awful.  The one Asian kid in the joint sits next to us.  "where should we go?"  He's emphatic.  'Next door."Sit at group table in this sketchy looking joint.  Comic book nerd next to us says "it's like Asian McDonald's in here."  "Also, get Sesame noodles and the pork and chive dumplings."  Wow.  I've eaten all around the world and this was the best serious good and cheap food I've ever had.   Go here, get food, scream in Cantonese if you want to.  Eat this stuff up.
Cheap, delicious food.I guess there's a decent amount of seating BUT be prepared to possibly sit next to someone you don't know! Haha regardless, I definitely recommend this place! Not a huge menu, but what they do have is yummy. They have amazing dumplings, great broth, and bottled tea. We got the pork wonton soup and 10 pork & chive dumplings, plus a bottle of water and a bottle of green tea. The whole thing cost only $9 and was so delicious. They also sell bags of frozen dumplings that you can take home and stick in the freezer, which can definitely make for a nice snack of quick dinner!
This is my go to place for dumplings and noodles in Chinatown! Their dumplings are super juicy and delicious and cost so little!! I also recommend the peanut noodles (only $2!), which are flat noodles with yummy peanut sauce drizzled all over. I often buy frozen dumplings to bring back home too. Don't be scared off by the exterior/interior. Go in, show some respect to the owners, then order some delicious food for your tummy (that won't break your wallet)!
First time visit. Beef noodle soup - cheap and good. Will try again.
Dumplings are excellent, peanut noodles good, meat soup dishes are not edible.  I would go back for dumplings.  Not sure what kind of meat it is but pretty sure not beef.
Great dumplings cabbage and pork ! Also tried the peanut noodles ! Better than I imaged !
No kidding, this place is great. Don't be put off by the appearance; give it a try. You won't be disappointed. Wheat noodles and dumplings are phenomenal! Super nice people.
yum yum yummy delicious!!!!! dumplings & noodles are some of da bestest ive had!!!!! i have always gone straight to chinatown but recently one of my favorite spots on pell street closed. so i googled sum new spots & saw sum pics of shu jiao fu zhou love da name love da food love da people nicole & nelson run an amazing restaurant!!! they are both friendly & helpful & inviting..... made me & my girlfriend feel right @ home. cant wait to go back..... maybe tomorrow??? dats how good their food is. only wish i took some to go...... next time.... see you very soon nicole & nelson. thank you.
Loved the dumplings! $13 is more than enough to feed 2 people.  Everyone was friendly and the food was authentic.
I normally wouldn't stumble into this place but the bodega across the street "Chinese and Hispanic Grocery" caught my eye in all it's bright yellow & red glory. On the recommendation of one of the people in my LES art gallery crawl group, we stopped in here for dumplings. Everyone looked a bit dumbfounded and stared at the menu so I took the initiative and ordered first. A large order of dumplings: $3. Three dollars? Yeah, three dollars. For a large order? Yeah, for a large order. The beau asks "What kind of dumplings?" I give him the "for reals?" look. Everyone knows that a real Chinese dumpling spot only offers one kind: pork & chive. He shrugs and so pork it is, nothing to be mad about. Pork is life.  We sit and wait for our order. Someone recommended the wheat noodles with peanut sauce (also $3) but not being in the mood for noodles, me and my beau were satisfied with just dumplings. We sat & a woman quickly entered the dining area with a styrofoam plate full of dumplings and calling out in what I assumed was Chinese. I say "Yeah, right here!" Everyone immediately gives me that crazy look. No, I didn't understand what the lady said but come on guys, I can put two & two together. After some speculation from the others and more quizzical looks, it turns out it WAS my order of dumplings and so she sets them in front of me. Hot, steamy. Two pairs of chopsticks and sauces already on the table for our condiment consumption pleasure. A little soy sauce, a little siracha, a little mystery sauce (yikes!) and these dumplings were spectacular! Not doughy as we have come to expect from crappy dumplings (no pun intended) and filled with tasty pork filling with visible chives. I would not hesitate to return here whenever that insatiable dumpling craving hits!
Get a bang for your buck by ordering dumplings and peanut butter noodles! I spent $5 for ~8 dumplings and a serving of noodles. Dumplings were on point and super flavorful. The noodles were lacking in the sauce department. It was quite watered down and needed a lot more peanut butter sauce. The woman at the register spoke to me in mandarin so I couldn't have asked for more sauce with my broken elementary mandarin. Just rolled with the punches - still a great and cheap meal.
Def. a five star! Traditional fu Zhou food! The food is always good! Inexpensive! The staff work in the front is always nice.
For $6, two plates of noodles and soup? Sounds like a good cheap deal to me. The peanut noodles really do taste like peanut butter and the fish ball soup is really salty. Good. But salty. I'd recommend trying the peanut noodles because I haven't come across that anywhere else - it's a memorable experience. Food was pretty alright and their staff was really friendly, I'll definitely be coming back when I find myself in the area!
The dumplings here are the bomb. And some. They only have pork and chives, and pork and cabbage dumplings, but this makes it easier for those indecisive like myself when it comes to food because both are DELICIOUS. The dumpling skin is thin but holds a bundle of flavorful meaty goodness. I personally preferred these over Prosperity's, although the latter does have more options for filling. If you've never had chives, the pork and cabbage ones are a safer choice. $2 for 6 or $3 for 10, but you're sure to want more than just 6. We also tried their beef tripe soup and noodles in peanut sauce. Overall a great mix/combination, though the noodles are best eaten on the spot (will clump up and won't be as saucy). These plus 20 dumplings came out to be $10.
My favorite place in the world. Peanut noodles, dumplings, soup, all stellar and dirt cheap. Don't expect cleanliness or any kind of special service, just shut up, wipe down your table, and eat your damn food!
WOWThis place really takes me back to my hometown when  I used to visit these restaurants with my mom. The peanut butter noodles are done perfectly, they are full of flavors and give the right amount of sauce so that it's not too dry or like a soup. The dumplings are fantastic, they have pork and chives in them and the sauces are great too. The other item I got was the fujian wonton soup, truly a stable back in my hometown and was really delicious, just add a little vinegar in the soup to bring out all the flavors.Best of all, all those things I mentioned above, I paid $6 for it.
This place is the epitome of getting the most bang for your buck! Fast, easy and delicious earns itself 4 stars in my book already - but you CANNOT beat the price (especially for NYC) so it definitely deserves a 5 star rating. For just $10, I was able to get the peanut noodles, fish ball soup, and even the beef tripe noodle soup. The highlight of this place though are the dumplings. So flavorful and unlike your typical Americanized dumplings (these are boiled, not fried) but because of this, it's way more authentic. Do yourself a favor and pick up 50 frozen dumplings for $10 to take home - it's so, so, so worth it.It's certainly not the most glamorous place to dine at and I understand some people may have concerns about cleanliness/quality of food. It's not an issue for me (I do have a third-world stomach) so I'm unfazed by the storefront and plastic containers/utensils - if you can see past this, you will be in for a treat!
Super tasty and fast dumplings!! This place is definitely a hole in the wall but probably one of the last standing dollar(ish) dumplings in the area, especially LES. The dumpling skin is thin, which is definitely my preference over the uber doughy carby type, and the dumplings just taste more tender.  It's like if elves were wearing crocs made of marshmallows danced down your throat. Soup dishes also great, as are the noodles but again obvi super carby. Not gonna find a lotta veggie things on the menu but would highly recommend trying this place!
5 stars for dumplings, 3 stars for beef noodle soup. noodles felt a bit over cooked, soup a bit bland. will be back to buy frozen dumplings and maybe try other menu items
This is a Fuzhou small eats place. That means everything is cheap, fast, and tasty. As you walk in, you see a good amount of seating. The place is not that big. You order at the counter and pay first. Food always taste better if you eat it right away, so my order was to stay. They will bring you the food, so you can take a seat first. Everything is served in styrofoam or plastic. My food came out really fast. If you're starving and only have $6, you can get what I got and you'll be full to the max. I ordered the boiled dumplings ($2), Fuzhou wonton soup ($2), and the peanut butter noodles ($2). For the dumplings you get 6 pieces. They are big, filled with pork and chives. The dumpling skin is thin just the way I like it, some of the best dumplings around. The sauce for the dumplings is so good. The wonton soup is different from the wontons you order at Cantonese restaurants. It's a different wonton wrap that's thin and has little bits of pork wrapped in it. They give quite a lot in a plastic pint.The wonton soup goes really well with the peanut butter noodles. They are always ordered together. The peanut butter noodles, they give you a good portion. It's basically noodle drenched in peanut butter sauce. The sauce is really awesome. The menu is very clear in Chinese and English with the prices listed. There shouldn't be a problem ordering if you don't speak Chinese. You can always point to it.
I just love finding hidden gems.  Hole in the wall places.  This place is just so rich with memories for me.Another rainy/snowy day in NY.  So cold but I just gotta see all the nooks and crannies of Chinatown.I have never imagined mixing noodles, peanut butter, and soy sauce together.  Blew my mind. Ah-may-zing!  They give you such a big serving for one person with the peanut butter sauce and chopped green onions on top.  You mix it together and then just wait for your tastebuds to go "Aaaaaaah!" after the first.... Er...  Forkful?  Chopstickful?   Yeaaah. Their fishball soup was really, good, too.  Although when you first taste the soup, it's pretty bland.  So you have to season it with some vinegar and fish sauce.I almost forgot about about their dumplings. $2 for a plate? Awesome.  I am such a cheap date.  But then again, sometimes cheaper doesn't equal inferior quality or taste.It was just wonderful.  Sitting by the big glass window at the corner, near the wall.  Looking at the dingy apartments across the street while the rain falls, leaving rivulets of water streaming down the window.  I was in love.
Dingy place but cheap AF dumplings. 6 for $2 or 10 for $3. The pork and chive steamed dumplings were pretty good. The service is great. The cashier speaks English and they bring the food to you.
Peanut butter noodles are delicious AND only $2!! Literally can't get better than that!
This is one of the places I go to two or three times a month when I need a cheap carb fix or catch myself in a situation where I'm walking home, starving and with only $3 in my wallet, ha. Everything in here is super cheap ! And, so. good.Their dumplings are very similar to Lamzhou -- thin-skinned with a juicy, plump filling of pork and chive (I still prefer Lamzhou, though!). I usually get their wheat noodles in peanut sauce. For a dish so simple, this is actually quite delicious! The noodles are perfectly cooked and with just enough sauce to coat that it doesn't taste as heavy as it most definitely is -- topped with a sprinkle of scallions, mm. Plus, it's only..$2. Insane.The Fuzhou fishballs are fantastic as well! Comes in a clear broth. Gigantic, with a meaty pork filling.  Not much to say in terms of decor -- the place is as dumpy as the rest of the places in Chinatown with incredible food. Come here for a cheap, no frills meal!
Cheap and amazing Chinese food.The dumplings are delicious. These are made with a thin skin (think wonton-like). The cabbage and pork filling errs on the sweet side, but are wonderful. The chives dumplings are also on-point. I've also tried their tripe noodle soup, which was delicious at only $3.50.You can get a huge meal for under $6 here. Definitely check it out. Also, Vanessa's is right down the block. Highly recommend this place.
I walked in expecting half that I had walked into the wrong restaurant; with sparkly green and half-torn out waves which delineated the windows and the tiny tables which were sprinkled around the place. It certainly made for a cozy atmosphere--but only after you tasted the food. The cashier was quite nice and indicated a few dishes for me to try and was very friendly in our short interaction. But now, on to the real deal:For around 5 dollars, I got a massive plate of dumplings and a Coke which was heavenly after returning from work very, very late. A few days after, I came back to have their peanut noodles and fish ball soup, which were also fantastic with an amazing price. Overall, I must say that every expectation I had of this little shop was shattered.
In New York, where the cocktails are $15 and the rent is too damn high, we can at least take solace in the fact that good food can be had for pretty cheap. And it is in fact at some of these hole-in-wall places in Chinatown or the East Village where I've had the most satisfying culinary experiences. Shu Jiao Fu Zhou is a perfect showcase of a restaurant where you can get delicious food at dirt cheap prices. I came here for lunch on a weekend and paid $4 for my entire meal: $2 for a plate of boiled pork & chive dumplings and another $2 for fish ball soup. The dumplings were delicious (well-seasoned filling, good dough-to-meat ratio) and come piping hot on a styrofoam plate. If you're like me, you'll want to dig in right away, but it's worth it to take some time to mix in some sauce from the re-purposed sriracha bottles on the table in front of you before you devour your dumplings. I was not as impressed with the fish ball soup, which is a Fujianese specialty (Shu Jiao Fu Zhou is a Fujianese restaurant). The fish did not taste very fresh, but I found the broth to be quite enjoyable. Given the price, I was still pretty satisfied.
This is the closest street dining kind of food, as a native from fuzhou :-) the peanut sauce noodle was decilious but tho I like it little more salty for my taste. Also the silk skin wonton soup was on the mark with flavor as its all in the broth. I personally like to add a touch of vinegar in my broth to give it that sour kick. Prices are very cheap and very speedy service, I got my dishes 2 mins of wait time. But I wish they had tea eggs which I usually mix into my wonton soup. I did not see the tea egg on the menu. There is enough seating for about 2 dozen people. In the 20 mins we sat down to eat there were about a good handful coming in and out. The tables were a bit dirty but thats fuzhou for ya. Eat in or Take out.
Um yum? Peanut noodles and large order of dumplings in 5 minutes for $5? Yes please. This may have to be a regular stop on my way back to Boston from NY Chinatown. Thank you to Monte H. for introducing me to this place :) I crave it on the regular.
The price vs quality of food in this place is like paying for Michael Kors but receiving Prada. The food is excellent and for $5, you can get pretty full. The wheat noodles in peanut sauce are my favorite. Everything on the menu is pretty excellent.Living off of student loans and working an unpaid internship in the City makes me appreciate this place even more. Highly recommended!
A very simple Fuzhou snack bar in Chinatown, Shu Jiao barely has room to distinguish between the area behind and in front of the counter. The staff takes items from a freezer and refrigerator that's nominally in the dining as easily they walk around the place in the back where noodles and dumplings are being made. I get an order of dumplings, heavier on the vegetables than I'm used to from natives further north in China. The dumpling is skin is nicely made, but the lack of meat means something that's altogether a bit too bitter. I cut it with rice vinegar and refilled containers of sriracha, but there's no making a designer purse out of the ear of a pretty mediocre sow's ear. Perhaps peanut noodles are the way to go, but I'm a bit confused about the hype and high reviews for this place, especially when much more exemplary food can be found just a block or two away.
Been coming to this spot for 3 years. Not much has changed visually and the menu has changed very little. It used to focus more on dumplings but they've expanded their menu just a bit. I'm just glad the dumplings are still on the menu.  The best stuff on their menu, in my opinion, are the dumplings and fishball soup.
Dude you have to try their dumplings it is very tasty. However, their beef noodle (option 1 and 2) do not tastes good.
In a nutshell: Really good dumplings for a great price in Chinatown.So I was in NYC over a month ago.....I'm WAY behind on my reviews. My cousin, who is doing his residency out in NY, decided to take us on a mini food tour of Chinatown one afternoon. This was the first stop. We were ballin' on a budget, so he brought us to all the places he used to go to when he was studying for classes.As we walked around this "off the beaten path" area of Chinatown, I was saying to one of my cousins, "You know? We need to hit up spots like that one on the corner where the sign is in Chinese. Tourists are less likely to go to a spot where the sign isn't in English. This is where the locals go. Coincidentally, this is EXACTLY where my cousin was taking us. Score!I'm not going to section of this review like I do with my other ones. This place is simple. Dumplings are cheap, and you can also get a cheap plate of noodles or soup to go with it. All the prices are very affordable.We got a large order of dumplings (11) for $3 and a $2 plate of noodles with peanut sauce. There are other options, of course. Many kinds of soups and noodles, but we were on a mission. We shared a table with a couple other groups, and ate like fiends. Service is exactly what you'd expect. If you don't speak the language, just be happy with the delicious food.Definitely coming back here next year.
They have the best noodles with peanut sauce in town - at two dollars, it's one of the best deals in the city.
Great and friendly owners. you can't beat their 50 frozen dumplings/$10. Everyone seems to go to Vanessa's but if you TRULY want good dumplings, check this place out! They only do steamed dumplings but don't let that discourage you. These are AMAZING.
I still crave this food after many years when my husband and I visited New York for the 1st time. We were trying to find "authentic NYC Chinese food" and ended up at this place.No frills, off the beaten path, why not these places could be hidden gems. As it turns out, it is a hidden gem. At first we received some concerned looks from the staff and customers, like we were lost. Once we ordered and scarfed down our food with smiles and coo's of enjoyment, everyone was happy. We had tried things, at that time new to us. It was all very tasty. I honestly can't remember the exact menu items. dumplings and noodles, pretty much. I just remember it was a very pleasant experience with nice people and delicious food.I wish I could find and equivalent here in SF.
This food is super cheap, super fast, and very tasty! I have never been so full from a $6 meal before but this place did the trick. I had a beef noodle dish and dumplings and they were just delicious! The decor of the place and the ordering is a bit hole in the wallish but don't let that deter you! The dumplings are juicy and flavorful especially with the right amount of sauce! The soup was spot on with the different parts of beef (tripe and just steak rounds j think?) and was filling to boot. Super simple and tasty broth. Will come again.
Known for their stuffed fish balls, they pair well with the broth it comes in. Too bad the fish balls are not "Pissing"(anyone?)... Also got dumplings which is on par with any of the heavy hitters in the area. $4 for a tasty filling meal, although I did take a friend's dumpling...Will be back for noodles and peanut butter sauce, among other dishes.
I will miss the wheat noodles and fish ball soup. This place is not clean though. You eat with strangers on the same table and the cashier doesn't speak english, but the food is great. It's not as commercialized/packed as the Vanessa's.
I tried the stir white noodle with peanut butter sauce ($2.00). Comes with a bowl msg clear soup. Cheap eats.Lack of seating.Bunch of chinese lady yelling at each other.What do you expect?
First thing you'll notice when you walk in here is the offensive smell, but man is the food on point.Admittedly, I've only dared try the peanut butter wheat noodles (and I've been dreamin' of them ever since). My friend described them as "silky," and I can think of no better word. The noodles are slightly wavy and come on a styrofoam plate. You'll have to mix it well before digging in. There's an undertone of soy sauce and scallions. Best $2 you can spend.I've been trying to replicate these noodles at home but with no success because those exact noodles are damn impossible to find. Once when I was in Chinatown I took a detour to stop by this place and put my nose up against the glass--I saw a huge bin of these noodles sitting near the counter. I walked in and asked where the noodles were from and was given a brusque sales pitch: "fresh, homemade." Indeed, the noodles sitting on deck for cooking were fresh (not dry). I can believe they make the noodles themselves or buy it wholesale from some nearby noodle-maker. No wonder I could not find the exact type at an Asian supermarket.Other notable menu items here are the wontons, fish balls and dumplings. I'm always a little hesitant to try this stuff in hole-in-the-wall restaurants, but there's no question these are the big hitters: if the smell of the place isn't enough to give it away, you'll notice almost everyone huddled over a plate of the dumplings or a steaming bowl of fish balls--the kitchen is constantly cooking 'em to keep up with the orders throughout the day.Been here twice for food. Second time I came, I was planning to sit in and eat but the _dump_ling smell was unbearable, and the words "to go" automatically came out of my mouth. Luckily, that long park that separates Lower East Side and Chinatown/Little Italy is only a few steps away.
Bare bones, off the beaten path and insanely cheap, the hallmarks of a true Yelp find. Or in this case, the proud secret of a native New Yorker who spent many years in Chinatown. Said New Yorker took me here when Vanessa next door was packed to the brim, and we had ourselves a dumpling of a time gorging on Pork and Chive Dumplings, Wheat Noodles with Peanut Butter Sauce and Fish Bone Soup. The last on the list is true to its name, so if you don't enjoy picking out tiny little bones every 2.5 seconds to avoid tearing up your esophagus, skip it. Portions are big and hearty, much like the rumbling voices of the predominantly Cantonese staff.
Good Chinese noodle spot. Quick , to the point Wheat noodles w/ peanut sauce - 2$Chive pork steamed dumplings (6) - 2$Peanut sauce was decadent. Dumplings fresh and delicious.Not much of ambience. But you gotta eat noodles right away , never to go or they stick together
Hidden gem right in the heart of Chinatown! A close girlfriend of mine, who's Fujianese herself, brought me to chow down on some FJ food for a late lunch/early dinner and boy, did their soup dumplings and peanut noodles steal me away! She told me that those two were the most popular Fujianese dishes and complement each other very well, and she was right!The peanut noodles, $2, are very savory. My girlfriend suggested I pair the noodles with some soup to balance out the thickness in taste, which was perfect goodness in my mouth. May I point out, the soup dumplings are also $2! Very cheap and affordable if you do not want to spend a huge amount of money around Chinatown/LES area.BTW- this place serves more of a takeout restaurant even though you can dine in. You do not need to leave TIP at this restaurant. Apparently FJ places do not take TIPS. +++ points!!
I only got the dumplings but thats all i cared for. The filling to outer dough ratio is the correct and perfect amount. The filling is savory and so well seasoned. I'll never not eat here if I'm in Manhattan. You cant beat 10 delicious dumplings for $3. This place gets the job done. I'm a person who cares about the flavors and quality. I could care less about the service,if the place is a hole in the wall, sketchy looking or not big enough for groups. I'm not trying to make friends or look cute, I'm trying to eat what i want without interruptions! If you can relate, this place will earn a spot in your rotation. If not, bye
