Unfamiliar food choices, and poor service . The Braised spare ribs was all bone and no meat it impossible to eat . After serving our food the waiter did not return to the table until we had to get his attention for the check . Will not visit again .
Wonderful northeast Chinese cuisine. It also has some sichuan style food. Would come again and again and again.
Okay! First of all, there are so many Chinese restaurants in Flushing! BUT I'm gona have to say this is the BEST one I've ever tried!!Their foods are so GOOD, better than I thought it would be! PLUS, it is very clean and the waiters are really passionate!! I highly recommend this place! It is soooo AWESOME!!
The food here taste so good. I love the yam cabbage pork bone soup and braised fish fillet.
This was a wonderful find.  It's off the beaten track and I suspect it's known only to those who seek out excellent meals made with fresh ingredients in authentic ways.  We had several dishes and they were all superb.  We will definitely return!
Good, authentic  food . Chopped salads, carrot /celery and cabbage , at every table - better than typical fried noodles . Braised roasted Pork with vegetable roasted chili was flavorful, not too spicy. Huge bowl of tomato  egg eye drop soup. Large portions. Nice staff . Would return if come to area again .
This is epicurean wonderland of new delights. The food first of all is very spicy so bring your asbestos palate. We had a cold wood ear and super fresh vegetable salad, fried fish with cumin and chilis and a vegetable dish in black bean sauce. The oil content is very low in these dishes which is a break from all the soggy Chinese meals we've eaten, the fried fish was in the lightest batter with the spices just drizzled on top, no sauce, and the black bean sauce was very thin, again not oily, and flavorful. Service is pretty attentive and this is our new go to place in Flushing.
Visiting area for US Open, found restaurant on Yelp and went based on reviews. Great food, friendly service, definitely recommend.
The food is really good! Very authentic! Large quantity and low price! Will definitely come back!
This place has great northern Chinese food. They can accomodate large parties and their lunch specials are a steal at $5.79. Gets pretty jumping late night. Always a good time.
My friend who's from northern part of China took me there. I had no clue what to order. Everything that he ordered were amazing! I don't eat spicy but I heard they have very good spicy dishes too. I like non-spicy foods only. They have interesting desserts too. It's fried taro and sweet potatoes with honey. Dip it into cold water before you eat. Outside is very crispy and inside is soft. Soooo tasty! Prices are very reasonable too. The servers and owner are very friendly
wow! this place is amazing! this is the best Chinese food i ever tried in flushing. their food is so good and you must try the cold noodle, i can say that is the best cold noodle that you can have. if you are aiming for lunch or dinner with friends and family, must come to this place. also the waiters are so nice and serve with passion. MUST MUST MUST!!!! GOOOOOOOO!!!!
