This place is a gem! The lo mein was the bomb! Doesn't taste like those nasty oily lo mein that I'm used to having. Flavor was on point. And the soup, nostalgic, taste like soup my momma makes, fresh, just right and healthy. And if you're looking for a small bite, you must try the "wood ear." Spicy and crunchy, perfect! And for the service, the staffs and the boss himself is super welcoming and attentive. Good food with good people equals a happy fulfilling night.
Got the general tso's, along with rice. No complaints, was delivered quickly and tasted good. Well portioned and priced, would buy from here again. Wasn't a fan of the soup.
food is ok, was not as I expected spicy. The spicy chicken was so dry
Outstanding Chinese food! I was in the neighborhood, saw the reviews were pretty good so figured I would give it a try- exceeded my expectations. The preparation and presentation were very high quality.
"A gloomy rainy Friday calls for some exciting mouthwatering spicy food." At least that was what I thought when I was browsing through the photos of this seemingly awesome place in the food heaven of the city -- the glorious East Village. Unfortunately, this was for sure NOT the place for me to start my weekend right.For those of you who don't already know yet, if you see anything with "General Tso's" in front of a dish's name, that dish is definitely NOT an authentic Chinese dish, and this place has three of them on the menu: General Tso's Chicken, Prawns, and even Tofu...As if that was not bad enough, my friends and I ordered a total of 5 dishes: Shredded Pork with Spicy Garlic Sauce (鱼香肉丝), Cold Bean Curd Hunan Style (凉拌豆干), Steamed Whole Fish with Chopped Chilies (剁椒全鱼), Stir Fried Frogs (爆椒牛蛙), Sautéed Spinach with Garlic (蒜香菠菜). All of them came out way too salty. We were not alone -- the diners sitting next to us were also complaining how salty the food was. On top of that, our fish was almost completely raw when it first reached our table, it was sent back to the kitchen and 10 minutes later, it still came out undercooked. It wasn't tasting fresh at all either.On a final note, the Shredded Pork with Spicy Garlic Sauce (鱼香肉丝) is one of the most iconic Chinese dishes out there, and it is also one of my personal favorites. Please don't be a Satan by cooking the dish with ketchup before giving up and just throwing some celery in there... Thank you.
Tasty spicy Chinese food. Authentic hunan dishes. Area is a bit small but good for a quick bite. No Americanized menus here haha
Nice ambiance, fish head was a must try-but the service was slow than expected---30 minutes to get 2 dishes ready
This place is okay, a little over priced for what you get. Pretty simple, and a little hard to get anything, this place just feels like they can't handle the amount of people they can serve.
Took my girl here to introduce her to artisan Chinese cuisine, it made a believer out of her and shes eager to try some more. The food, service and ambiance were all spectacular
Food was ok but over pricedThe kitchen was taking out trash in the middle of our meal. 3 trips around the dinning room with bags and bags of gross trash. It was 910pm. why?
Authentic and fast service! Been eating here for awhile now. The steamed whole fish is so delicious. The braised beef with fermented black bean sauce is really good too. Also love the sautéed pea sprouts.
Authentic Hunan food! Their pepper and eggplant has the best eggplant I have ever had! Definitely recommend!
The food is amazing and very delicious! You couldn't find another fantastic place like this in NYC!! Customer service are excellent! And the environment is very quiet and comfortable. I highly recommend!
I came here for dinner and ordered fish head. I gotta say this is THE BEST fish head I've ever had. Fish is very succulence. And i also LOVE that cabbage!!  It is crispy and smells sooo good! My favorite Hunan restaurant ever!
3+A more authentic menu than you'll find at most Chinese restaurants. Definitely worth a try for nice dinner out. Our food was prepared fresh and the staff was helpful in making selections. Try the pork belly or something with fresh vegetables - really good and flavorful. It may seem a bit pricey but the portions are good size.
Amazing food and great service. The portions of food are plenty for the price. I love the location and relaxed environment.
We ordered a noodles that was tasteless and a fish casserole that hardly had any fish. The chicken and cashew nut dish was not bad, but the portion was too small. The hot and sour soup was mediocre and also had extremely small portion. Overall, it was a bad experience and I will not recommend this place.
I'm not a prolific reviewer, but as an East Village resident it boggles my mind whenever I walk by Han Dynasty and see a line, considering there's a vastly superior Chinese restaurant on the same block. The food is, as other reviewers have indicated, extremely spicy, but well made all the same. I'm partial to the Mao's Red Braised Pork Belly and the Braised Sliced Beef with Chili Sauce.
It's so Hunan style. If u like hot and spice food, u can't miss this place!!!They also offer delivered food and pick up.Really enjoy going eat their special lunch package. But don't pick sour&spice soup!!!!
I like Hunan style and will definitely recommend to friends! The suandoujiao rice noodle is my favor. There's even a private room.
Hunan Bistro is my favorite place for delivery in the area. I have lived in the East Village for over two years and have consistently been satisfied with my food from here. The delivery is speedy (usual 15 minutes before). One of the best things this place does right is their Fried Rice.  Hands down they have some of the best Fried Rice from a Chinese take-out In the city. I get the shrimp fried rice and it comes with a ton of shrimp and is good quality. I also really like the hot and sour soup. You have the choice to make it how spicy you want and it isn't watered down like other Chinese take-outs in the area. I would recommend this place - 5/5 stars.
Best Chinese restaurant in the neighbourhood! I tried Han Dynasty beside it and was very disappointed with the food, but wanted to give this one a try and was absolutely blown away by the delicious spices used and the authenticity of the food. Hunan cuisine is very careful with its preparation of ingredients and I could tell this place was too. I ordered garlic sauce eggplant in a pot, a hot pot chicken dish, and stir fry green beans (two of which are the same dishes I ordered from Han Dynasty because I wanted to compare), and this was definitely better. The eggplants were sliced in julienne style making the sauces and flavours sink in a lot more and allowing the eggplant to be evenly cooked. I just moved to East Village and I'm happy to have found my go-to Chinese restaurant. Can't wait to return!
I ordered from Hunan Bistro using Yelp's Eat24 app. The food was absolutely horrible. I ordered pan fried noodles, and they were completely hard. It was as if someone opened a package of Top Ramen and put it in delivery bowl. I called the restaurant and asked if the noodles were supposed to be crunchy/hard with the shrimp, veggies and sauce in different container. She said yes, they are hard because they were pan fried. It was inedible. I wish I could get a refund, but it wasn't even worth it considering she tried to convince me this was how I should eat the noodles. Moreover, the shrimp were not cleaned properly and had the digestive tract still attached.
Most authentic chinese mi xian i have had in the states! Nice environment, affordable prices, quick services. Checked all the boxes. Be cautious tho: food is bit spicy.
this place is just 2 doors down from han dynasty! not sure why y'all flock there when you can get super tasty and spicy chinese food over here! and it's more intimate and quiet. AND you don't have to wait 1 hour+ for a table. hunan food is really similar to szechuan food. spicy, piping hot, but it doesn't have the tingly numbing sensation that szechuan food provides. it's hella more oilier, too, but don't let that deter you! if you wanna get chinese food, ya gotta know how to handle your spice, eat the food, and take it downnnSPICYPROCEED WITH CAUTION:pig ears (cold) - flavorful, but too chewy. won't get againhunan bean curd (cold) - so bloody good green beans - FAVE. crisp! cooked with zha cai (preserved veggies) not spicy!hunan sliced fish - best thing on the menu. silky fish drenched with heavenly saucehunan rice noodles - gooddan dan noodles - good! very generous helping of sauce. lots of zha caisteamed fish head with chillies - STELLAR! & to be shared. it's massive!they got some serious napkin situation. the napkin is adorned with a rose. it's thick and plush.the boss & the boys are very friendly and nice. i come here often and often alone, so they keep me company. food is prompt and i'm never short of water. i get the same thing every time. fish and green beans; it's the green beans i go crazy for!
Authentic flavors without the hour long wait, this place is BETTER than Han Dynasty (the other hyped up Szechuan Chinese food restaurant a few doors down) -- hands down. I came here for lunch and ordered the mala tofu, Chinese water spinach, mao's braised pork and the braised sliced beef. I would recommend all of them. Looking forward to coming back and trying the fish dishes as well. Definitely give this place a try, you will not regret it!!
Excellent, authentic Chinese food with a distinct hunan flare, true to its name. I came here on a Sunday night around 7:30 pm and it was bustling. Chinese was everywhere in the air so that was the first good sign. We ordered water spinach stems with small fish, bamboo shoots and pig stomach and "stinky" tofu. All of the dishes were lightly spicy but mostly dry/salty, true to hunan style. Maybe it was the three dishes that we ordered, but the base flavoring/condiments were pretty much the same: a spicy bean-based hot sauce, red peppers and green peppers. They were all delicious and not too greasy. I want to come back though to see if I can order items that are a little more diverse. Service is friendly but one tip: If you want them to come over (to order food, get the check, etc.) you have to explicitly holla at them. They're generally good about replacing your water but won't bother you at other points during the meal unless you explicitly call out to them. Can't wait to come back!
Took a bit confirm Eat24 order, which came with terrible chopsticks:L33. Ma Po Tofu with Minced Pork  $7.95How Spicy?: SpicyChoice of Rice: Vegetable Fried RiceChoice of Side: Vegetable Rollvery satisfying19. Hot and Sour Soup (Small) $2.55How Spicy?: Spicynot my thing, but seemed good as far as they goJust north of Han Dynasty AND Mulan East on 3rd Avenue.ny.eater.com/2016/3/15/1…
Great experience here! Live in Shanghai so I've had Hunan food before, and went with two friends, one from Hunan. We ordered a pork dish 红烧肉, as well as the tiger skin peppers 虎皮青椒 and we were very full! Great food and overall good experience.
We ordered 5 dishes. Waited 20 mins for the fish and it was undercooked. So the guy sent the fish back to the kitchen and brought back the same fish 10 mins later. No apologies or replacement whatsoever. All other dishes were too salty and we heard the customers next to our table complaining the same. Probably the chef wasn't feeling good that day? Never going back of course.
This is one of the worst experiences I've had with Chinese food! I placed my order at 6:30 and was prompted by the restaurant to pick it up by 7:50. I arrive and they we're extremely disorganized with takeout orders. We were asked to stand outside and wait for 10 minutes. We come back in after and proceeded to wait another 20 minutes for the food to finally arrive. The food was room temp at best and not up to par at all. First off the steamed pork belly buns were too fatty and also cold! Gross! The chicken fried rice was not flavorful. Despite requesting sauce for the spring rolls and soy sauce none was given! Also no fortune cookies! If you want a good Chinese dining experience you'd be better off walking 25 feet to Hunan Bistro.
My parents are from Hunan. This is the BEST Hunan food I've had outside of Hunan (and when I've taken my parents here, they agree it's pretty damn good). Stand outs for me include the pigs feet (WHICH TASTES JUST AS GOOD AS WHEN I ORDER IT IN HUNAN, AND SERIOUSLY, I'VE NEVER SEEN THIS ON THE MENU ELSEWHERE!!!!!), the Mao's braised pork belly, the dan dan noodles, and basically everything else on the menu. It is a little on the pricier side, but when I order on Seamless, I order 2 dishes and I can make 4 - 5 meals out of the leftovers, so it actually is less expensive than getting lunch everyday.
Favorite Chinese restaurant in the east village area. Never empty nor have to wait for a table, just over all perfect.
I love the furnishings inside with the post-industrial vibe. I've always loved Hunan's food since my mom is from that part of China and the food here is surprisingly authentic and good! I strongly recommend the rice noodle with beef (cant remember the exact name tho). I'm definitely coming back here!!!! Fair price and wonderful food!New favorite Chinese food place!
This place is overpriced and I think it caters to rich, international Chinese students who go to NYU. The food is OK but not worth the money. We got a $35 stir fried chicken dish and it was mostly spicy broth and bones. It was not worth it. Every dish is ridiculously marked up.Additionally, if you like traditional Hunan cuisine, this place is pretty authentic. HOWEVER, that means this place is pretty spicy. They layer on the chili peppers, peppercorn, and anything else that is spicy. If you order "American" sounding dishes, you will be disappointed because we ordered the General Tso's prawns and it was bland (plus it was FOUR prawns for $20).However, the thing that really bothered me about this place was there preferential treatment to Chinese nationals. I am Chinese American and my boyfriend is white. We were probably the only "Americans" in the restaurant besides another table filled with Caucasian people. The other five tables were Chinese nationals. I only point this out because the waiter gave the Chinese nationals a pot of tea and immediately gave my table and the Caucasian table glasses of water. They also did not give us chopsticks but fork and knives. They didn't ask. They just assumed. Additionally, the waiters seemed to assist the Chinese nationals faster. I had to call for service serval times and, in Mandarin (I could still speak), I angrily asked the waiter why we didn't have tea and chopsticks. Poor, racist service.
Beautiful remodel. Friendly staff. Very fast, great service. I will return! Also, they are offering 20% off for the first few weeks of business!
Have been visited this place couple months ago. It was good and authentic. And I just can't get enough with their spicy or pepper GIANT fish head and rice noodles. So I decided to come back after a busy time with my boyfriend. Ummm, it's not that good anymore. The fish head is definitely made by frozen one, the fish meat is dry and plain, if you love seafood and always have fish or shrimp things, you know the feeling I am talking about. And it took 30mins waiting as always. Beside the fish, the rice noodles are TOO OILY. Since my boyfriend and me ordered two rice noodles with different flavors, I assumed they prepare the two broth at the same time. This is definitely a reasonable assumption and it's easily to tell when I found somethings in my boyfriend's one also pops up in my bowl..... I mean how it comes? I ordered a vegan flavor and some beef showing up in mine?? (Yes, my bf got a beef base one) I think it's not hard to tell why my bowl is super oily and my boyfriend's is not that heavy and tasty as usual. Just want to add this note to the managers of this restaurant if they regularly checked with Yelp: Please be responsible and grateful to this business and the progress you have been made so far. Don't become a joke and let your valued customers down. Please!
The rice noodles are so good! Must try! I am from Hunan. I've tried many of their dishes, very authentic Hunan food.
Lunch time adventure.  Was ok but food was a little salty. I'll come back now and then when I can't think of anything else to eat for lunch. I had the chicken with spicy sauce and my buddy had Kung pao chicken and not kidding both were exactly the same dish.  One with peanuts and one without. LOL
I live 0.2 miles from the restaurant. I ordered takeout well over an hour ago and my food still hasn't arrived. I called to check in and the woman explained that my food was done and had been sitting there waiting for the delivery person to come back. She said it would be another 20-30 minutes before it got to me and asked if I wanted to just cancel my order. I said no because it is already 11pm and most other delivery places are closed. I was hoping to enjoy a dinner that I paid $23 for, but instead I will be eating a cold and very very late meal. I will never order here again.
The food is marvelous! We ordered braised rice noodles, it was really good ,tasted just like the one I had back in China. We also had sliced beef with chill sauce, just wow, the beef was well prepared and the sauce was flavored, I even ordered an extra bowl of rice just for the sauce. I have been to a handful of Hunan restaurants in New York, this one truly live up to its name!
Ordered delivery. Person taking the order was friendly and helpful. Our food came pretty quickly and the prices are ok.The food can be better. General Tso's chicken was a very red color. Flavor was more like orange chicken. Vvegetable moo shu was not good at all. I couldn't even force myself to eat it! The wrappers were tortillas and not moo shu wrappers. If you can't make it the right way, don't put it on the menu! The pan fried noodles were perfectly cooked but still lacked flavor.
I'm very happy this place opened up right next to Han dynasty. Although I looove Han dynasty, it's also always full! This place is a great alternative. We got 8 dishes between 8 of us and the total came up to about 17 per person which is not bad considering we got drinks and the dishes were pretty big.We got: Sweet sour chicken MapotofuSteamed whole fish with chopped chilies Spinach with garlic Prawns with salted pepper Dan Dan noodles- we got two of these cos it was yum! Dumplings in Chilli oil
Love this!!!!Excellent authentic Hunan food! I order the food online for pick up. But I totally forgot Hunan Bistro is 60 street away, and I need to take a subway about 20mins. The staff delivered food for me and for free. They just such lovely people! Thanks, and appreciate!!! Highly recommended!!
MUCH BETTER than its neighbor Han Dynasty next door.  Friendly, down to earth service and amazing dishes.  A must try is the whole fish with peppers and scallions.  We also got the eggplant dish.  This is our new go to Chinese restaurant.
Hunan Bistro is a chinese restaurant that wants to be authentic, but begrudgingly puts "American chinese" food on their menu to please the masses. And I do mean begrudgingly - you can tell.I ordered from here to begin with after looking through the photos and seeing that beautiful wealth of vegetables they put on their dishes. Of course, I order the vegetables on their own (mixed vegetables). YAaaaasss, every vegetable is cooked perfectly - not too crunchy, not too tender, every single vegetable is just right despite them all cooking very differently. It's so delicious.Unfortunately, the lo mein and the general tso chicken were the complete other end of the spectrum from the vegetables. It was edible for sure, but the lo mein lacked any flavor, and the chicken was dried out and sopped in this sweet/sour, but still also somehow bland sauce. I would stay away from your typical American Chinese fare and just order boatloads of vegetables.
Classic Chinese food. I tried some rice noodles, stir fries and beef stew. If you are a fan of Chinese spicy food, I think you won't be disappointed by the classic Hunan style, otherwise just order those tweaked versions on the menu. Not far from NYU.
Don't know how this place has such high ratings. Today was my first place ordering from Hunan bistro. I used the eat24 app and this was the top rated choice so I went with it. I ordered the soup dumplings and the beef chow fun. The food took about an hour to arrive which kind of sucks considering they're not too far from me. The soup dumplings were decent to where I'd order them again (assuming I ever order from them again) and the beef chow fun was horrible. They charge an extra $2 if you want beef but there is barely any beef inside, I probably had 6 thin slices of beef, the noodles tasted old, and they added egg to the dish which would have been good if it wasn't mushy and thrown on top like an afterthought. I paid through the app but when the delivery guy came, he showed me a print out saying in big print CASH. I had a small argument because I know it was set for credit but I paid him cash anyway. I wanted to keep the receipt but the delivery guy said he needed it. I contacted eat24 and they said the receipt they showed me wasn't from eat24 as their printout shows it was paid by card. Eat24 was trying to refund me my money but won't do so unless I send them a copy of the receipt which I saw but again, the delivery guy took it.
Legit Chinese food considering the area it's in. A lot of "Chinese" places in primarily more American neighborhoods serve what I would like to call "fake Chinese food" like fried chicken wings with pork fried rice, etc. If you live in the hood, you'll definitely have one around the corner. This is a place where they serve authentic Hunan food not that ghetto chicken broccoli with fries. The spice level is on point, and flavor is on point. I like the fact that the serving is proportional to the price you pay so you don't feel like you're getting ripped off (compared to restaurants nowadays where everything is overpriced and you have to pay $18 for a pasta, not everyone is about that life).Service is okay but at least better than service you get at typical Chinese places. Def try the string beans and mapo tofu. They serve the regular hot teas you get from Chinese places.
A lot of the reviews (some of which are clearly fake, but regardless) are comparing this place to  Han Dynasty, which is next door.Thing is, people go to Han Dynasty not just for its quality ingredients, but because of the handmade noodles. Hunan Bistro, much to my disappointment, does not have that. You can get noodles of their quality in about a million other places in this city.Despite me being surprised that my flank steak dish was soup, its meat and broth were both very tasty. I wouldn't completely write off this place, but my go-to for good Chinese food is still Han Dynasty and I would rather get Red House for when I need cheaper food.
Not a big restaurant but you feel comfortable eating there, great food, great waiters and smell so good! The steamed chili fish head dish was delicious! Spicy but so good! Will definitely come back for it! Also if you're a student you get 10% off!
Had a quick lunch here today - you could do a lot worse around here.Somewhat awkward: I was the ONLY diner in the restaurant at 2:30pm on a weekday.Props for going easy on the cornstarch - both my hot & sour soup, and shredded pork with garlic sauce, were lightly thickened! No sign of the gelatinous gloop that many NYC Chinese places dish out these days.Food was quite good. This was the best rendition of hot & sour soup I've had in a long while: brightly flavored with warm heat and a mild tang. My main was well prepared too; lots of vegetables, slightly sweet garlicky sauce, lean shreds of tender pork. Fried rice was strangely bad, though: chalky, mushy and flavorless.Definitely better than your average Manhattan Chinese these days, and a deal at $11 for lunch including tax/tip.
Worst Chinese food I've ever had and I've had a lot. I have no idea how anyone could give this more than 1-2 stars. Really wish I could get my money back on this one. Terrible!
a chinese restaurant that's true to its name! think: authentic flavorsNOT: typical takeout place with greasy Seasame chicken nonsenseGet: Mao's brasied pork belly     Farmer's Pork stir fry Try: delivery. Although they've had flops on deliver, judging from other Yelp reviews, our experience has been decent.
Hunan Bistro is the place to go for some authentic Hunan Chinese food. It's Mapo Tofu is to die for - my number one favorite thing to get because of the fresh silky tofu (better than other places) and the fact that despite its very very reddish appearance, it is not super spicy if you tell them to make it mild. It might look oily too but trust me, it's not.  I love the sauteed string beans (there's many versions of it) for its crisp taste, the sliced fish in chili sauce (the fish is SO GOOD and fresh), and the scallion pancakes are crispy without being super oily. I have had numerous dishes here in the restaurant, including eggplant, braised pork belly, sweet and sour chicken that wasn't over-fried, and dan dan noodles - which are better than Han Dynasty's in my opinion. I always got a good experience both sit-in, take-out, and delivery: the food was prompt, the delivery did not take too long (we ordered 8 dishes before we got too hungry, and it arrived at perfect timing just 40 minutes later), and the portions were always big. Don't be scared of the prices - it's well worth the money every single time.
Delicious food, super authentic! We went spontaneously for dinner with limited expectations, but boy did they surpass all expectations! Compared to Han dynasty next door,  the food here is way more authentic and a much more unique experience.  Do get the steamed fish with pickled peppers... Looks super scary and spicy,  but actually not at all. Will definitely be returning again and again if they keep up the quality.
For the people who lives in the union square area, lucky for you. Now you have an authentic Hunan style restaurant in your neighborhood. Loved the steamed fish head with chili peppers.
Ordered takeout, they got simple order wrong. The general tso's chicken was soggy and the delivery man claimed he could not make change for a $20 bill.  Will try elsewhere next time.
This is my first time to write a yelp review and I just felt that I have to -- because this place is awesome! As a native Hunan-ese, I think I am in the position to say that the food here is absolutely authentic. We tried the house specials: Steamed Fish Head w. Chopped Chillies (delish! just the way my mom used to make) 剁椒鱼头; Stir Fried Chicken w. Ginger 老姜炒鸡, Smoked Beef and Dried White Pepper (Dried White Pepper is a secret ingredient of Hunan Cuisine) 白辣椒腊牛肉, Stir Fried Frogs 干锅牛蛙, Sauteed Sour String Beans w. Minced Pork 酸豆角粉条 , and Steamed Eggplant w. Salted Egg Yolk (this one is non-spicy but very tasty) 咸蛋黄茄子. All dishes are so yummmmy. Service was good too.  If you want to try authentic Hunan food, then this is the place to go. Highly recommend it!
We tried braised smoked bamboo shoots, sour string bean rice noodle soup, steamed fish head with chopped peppers and pork intestine casserole---they are all addictively spicy. Might be the most authentic Hunan style cuisine I ever tasted in Manhattan.
Excellent and tradicional Chinese food I personally recommend the sesame chicken and also de sweet and sour chicken! The portion is perfect and I love that they send a fortune cookie.
Really authentic Hunan food. Their delivery to WTC is great! It is the most delicious and spicy food in the area. I must have it at least once a week.
It was our first time ordering from Hunan Bistro and it took 2 HOURS for a local delivery order. No one had the decency to call and let us know about the delay, and only when we followed up with them did we eventually find out they were blaming it on a "busy" time. When the delivery did arrive, we wound up with COLD soup and dumplings.As an establishment, if you cannot handle delivery orders during "busy" times, then you should NOT offer delivery service in the first place. Maybe dining in offers a better experience, but it's hard to trust an establishment that gave us cold, bland food after 2 hours. I highly recommend the many other successful restaurants in the neighborhood that offer much better service.
Steamed eggplant with egg yolk is a must. Their famous fish head is alright but less than what I expected. Overall it was a pleasure experience.
Authenticity is only the beginning of explaining how magnificent the food here is. The variety of spices and flavors in each dish is something to be enamored. Braised sliced beef with chili sauce, chicken ginseng soup, cold bean curd hunan style, chicken casserole, sauteed pea shoots with garlic, and steamed whole fish with chopped chillies. This js an eye-opening experience to say the least.
Went here on a Tuesday evening, on a recommendation of a coworker.  There was no wait, and only about half full.  I was worried that maybe the food wouldn't be as good as what my coworker said, but I was totally wrong.Dinner for two, we ordered the beef with cumin, and the sautéed string beans.  The string beans were perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the portions were very generous.  They were seriously some of the best sautéed string beans I've ever had.  Crispy, light, tasty.  But in the end... they are just string beans.  It's hard to go super crazy over just string beans.But then there was the beef with cumin, and THAT was what won me over.  The portion was good, but not gigantic like one other reviewer mentioned.  It was just enough for 2 hungry patrons, but I could have had another few servings of it to be honest.  But only because it was DELICIOUS.  The beef was so tender, thinly cut, and so well prepared.  It was flourished with hot red peppers (which don't seem edible) and tons of watercress and garlic.  It's definitely a dish that I will be coming back for.Other than that, the menu is pretty extensive.  It's had to say what I will try next, especially because I don't live in the area.  I feel like all I want to do is go back and order the beef with cumin haha.  But, I will try some other stuff eventually.Price was good, and since they just opened 2 weeks ago, they gave us a 20% discount.  Total was $16 each including tip, which if you ask me is a great price.  Everything was well priced except for maybe the appetizers.All in all, I'll be back!
PORTIONS ARE HUGE!!! You can get away with 1 plate per 2 people eating family style. The dishes are so deeply flavorful and dare I say it more authentic than Han Dynasty next door. If you come as a party of two prepare to leave stuffed because we sure did :))))
My family ordered from them last night after scouring the dozens of local Chinese restaurants. Locally I'm partially to Han Dynasty but I must say Hunan Bistro was excellent (especially for delivery). Strong flavors, good portion size and pleasant delivery guy.
Horrible. There's a reason why there's no one here even on a Saturday night. The service is deplorable, the food, worse. Don't waste time or money here.
I usually pickup a lunch special. Their specials are very reasonably priced and well portioned. Chicken dishes come with all white meat. No issues handling special requests to make the food extra extra extra spicy!
If you want authentic Chinese food, this is the place to go.  It's better than a lot of places in Chinatown.  We've been eating at this place once a week for half a year now.  The service is great, food even better.  I like most of the dishes I had there but my favorite is Mao's braised pork belly - I highly recommend it if you haven't had it.
Ordered the General Tsos chicken and Sesame chicken. Both were "meh". The Tso had very little in the way of flavor, the sesame was a little better but I would not order either again. Delivery took a while as well.
The waiters are smart, warm, straightforward, fun and most importantly kind! I am a Chinese and I bring Chinese and foreign friends over all the time. The hunan mi-fen (staple hunan noodles) is done right like the homies! The staple hunan fish will blow your mind. The chicken is a bit more sichuan than hunan. Overall, best Hunan I've had in Manhattan. If you don't mind spicy food and know how to have bone-in fish, go to this place and ask for recommendations from the waiters for some authentic Chinese! Keep the good work Hunan Bistro:)
The soft tofu and pickled egg appetizer was delicious! The staff were helpful and fast. Enjoyed this meal!
I am part of the wtc lunch deliver group where Hunan Bistro delivers lunch to our office area once a week. Being a Hunanese, I have to say the food is very authentic and delicious. However I also care about he health rating when selecting restaurants to eat. In this case Hunan Bistro can do a better job in earning a high health rating.
We ordered the General Tso Chicken and the Sesame Chicken. They are the exact same dishes with the exception that the sesame chicken has sesame seeds on top. Neither was spicy as it was advertised to be. The chicken was dry and tough.
This is by far the best Hunan food I had in NY/NJ area. All dishes were delicious. The eggplant with egg yolk is a must try.
Picked up a lunch special to go and can confirm that the chef is the real deal and well versed in the art of Hunan cuisine. The portion was also large and the price low. I can confidently say that this is the Best Chinese restaurant in the East Village.
Came here recently because Han Dynasty was an 1-hour wait as usual.  Very glad we did!  The ambience is better and less noisy, and the food is just as good!  The pork dumplings with chili oil is one of the best we've had in NY.  I don't really love eggplant normally but really enjoyed the eggplant & minced pork dish (very garlicy though).  Braised slice fish with chili sauce is as spicy and flavorful as it should be.  Given the food quality, wait time, noise level etc, we'd actually prefer this more than the Hay Dynasty next door!  Look forward to try other dishes here soon.
That was the best I've had in a long time. The green stuff was green. The Hunan Chicken was fantastic. Some of the best rice as well. Lunch in and out for under $13. And I'm satisfied
Hunan Bistro offers authentic spicy food at a great downtown Manhattan location. Although prices can be a bit high for some dishes, they are more flavorful than those in average Chinese restaurants. My favorite is Braised Sliced Beef with Chili Sauce, which I have ordered more than 3 times!
Authentic Hunan style chinese spicy food, different than Sichuan style in that it combines pickled food, a little sourness and spice coming from green peppers, like Jalapeños but not the same!
This is the best place if you want to try something spicy but bored with Szechwan style. They are more juicy in general and a lot more new dishes available. Definitely worth a try.
This is one of my favorite restaurants. My go to every time I'm in the east village area and I always get the scallion pancakes and steamed pork dumplings. Also last time I went here, I tried the steamed fish head with chopped chillies for the first time .... The bomb!!! Must try and will definitely get it again next time. Prices are pretty reasonable for the portions and authenticity of the food. Overall the ambience is great.. Sometimes a bit loud but great spot for family dinners/lunch. Two thumbs up!
Less pretentious than neighboring Sichuan places, but with food that's twice as good.
Been here with my wife few time, fun staff& great food. They don't offer all the typical Chinese take-out to places, also their food are reasonable priced and portions are reasonable.
Good authentic taste. We tried fish head, noodles and preserved veggies. And got the fried dumplings free of charge.
ZERRROOO STARS (if Possible) FOR THE HORRENDOUS CUSTOMER SERVICE I JUST ENDURED FOR AN HOUR. I came here today 3/7/17 arrived a little after 12pm. We were the 3rd party of two in the entire place...be mindful that this place is quite small. They were NOT busy. After we were seated and served water....no one came to take our order...now 2 more parties of two walked in a few minutes later both those tables have their appetizers but we have yet to receive our appetizers...another party walks in with 3 people. Now the other two parties that walked in AFTER we were seated are now enjoying their lunch while we are just finishing our appetizers. To add insult to injury the party of 3 is now getting their orders and we have yet to receive ours. Completely insane and extremely rude the lack of respect they have for other people's time. We then asked the waitress about our order and kindly reminded her we were the third group in the restaurant but yet groups have left that came after us and we haven't eve been served yet. Then of course I would even understand some racial discrimination being Hispanic in an Asian place but the person I went with is ASIAN! and we were still treated unfairly. We practically wasted our hour lunch break and ended up leaving because after AN HOUR our food was never served. I will NEVER return here and I would recommend everyone to go elsewhere. Wasted an hour that I will never get back. Totally ruined my lunch break thanks a million HUNAN BISTRO with your superb service.
great food! They sent delivery to my office every Tuesdays and half of the office order from it! I personally like 小炒黑山羊 the best!
Delivered rice with an extremely long strand of hair. Sanitation levels highly questionable!
Tried Hunan bistro couple times, never get disappointed . Steam fish head with chilled sauce is the best one, highly recommended.
Walked by and smelled some pepper aroma, so we decided to dine in. I'm going to keep this review short since I tend to write a whole essay. The service was great. Decor was clean and simple. Napkin was really thick like paper towel but soft. Food were all on the salty side which made us order rice. I couldn't eat my rice because it was half mushy and half uncooked. My mum and husband's rice were half cooked, but they ate them because food was salty. Good thing we got the free pan fried dumplings for Yelp check in offer. The waiter made sure to tell me to write a review about this place(in exchange for the three dumplings?) I'm from Shanghai, so I'm used to food with a hint of sweetness in them, and I love heavy flavored food. Not a spoon full of salt though. Anyways, it's not bad, and maybe we will try some more authentic Hunan food next time since this was the first time we've ever tried Hunan cuisine.
Exhausted and hungry, I came across this restaurant, standing right outside deciding whether I should give it a try or not, I went in after seeing how good their dishes were through the glass. I was satisfied, this is definitely worth trying. Thumbs up for the price and quality. If you don't mind spicy, their signature flavor, definitely order the steamed fish head with chilies! Mouth watering dish! And crawfish! Top choice! And for veggies, the string beans was delicious! Satisfied with everything!
If you want spicy Chinese food, this is the spot, must try the sliced pork belly with spicy garlic sauce and the eggplant with minced pork! Two of my favorite dishes here and their pricing for this is not expensive at all! Filling and affordable! Definitely recommended for someone who loves spicy food. You will love it!
There were definitely some bright spots in the meal I shared with six others at Hunan Bistro the other night, but there were a fair number of mediocre dishes as well...thus, 3 stars. Edit: Saw all the fake reviews that number no fewer than 10 reviewers on here, so my Robin Hood ass bumped it down to a 1 to at least take this down to a 4-star aggregate. I have significant doubt that all these random people would post their FIRST YELP REVIEW EVER and jump out of the woodwork/bushes just for this one restaurant. Comeon guys. To start off, I'm glad that another regional Chinese culinary pop-up has surfaced in the East Village. Riding on the momentum of places like Han Dynasty, Hot Kitchen, and even Xi'an Famous Foods, Hunan Bistro attempts to introduce another subsect of Chinese cuisine to the American palate. Unlike Sichuan (Szechuan for y'all white ppl), Hunan is in fact supposed to be even spicier since it substitutes straight up fiery spice in place of the well-known Sichuan peppercorns, which add a numbing kick. We dined as a group of seven and ordered no fewer than ten dishes to share. Before diving into the dishes though, I want to point out one severe shortcoming in the service/cleanliness category of this dining experience. This past weekend was supposedly the last week that Hunan Bistro operated without a liquor license. As such, you could BYOB--so we decided to start off with a bottle of wine. The wine glasses the waiter brought out were pretty damn dirty and it took three, I repeat THREE asks before we had a full batch of clean wine glasses. You would think that after the first time, they be sure to come out with a very, very clean replacement glass---but the dude (actually three dudes as I had to ask a different waiter every time) always showed up with a glass fully smudged and dirtied up. I thought this was a terrible way to start off a meal. But no matter-- let's take a look at the dishes:- Ma Po Tofu (with minced pork): mediocre at best. I think every single restaurant that serves this dish needs to have it down pat and this was frankly a joke. - Pig Ears with Special Sauce: thought this was actually pretty dope. Very punchy and packed with flavor.- Cold Bean Curd Hunan Style: touted by the waiter as a favorite by all who dined here, I ordered this and thought it was solid. - Shredded Pork with Smoked Bean Curd: like many of the other dishes, not a standout by any means but it's doable. Think Saturday morning seamless delivery that fills you up but makes you feel slow and sleepy after you eat it. - Braised Slice fish with Chili Sauce (Shui Zhu Yu for the Chinese folks): another classic made mediocre. There were maybe 9-10 solid pieces of fish in here but it was largely cabbage and beansprouts, something that you never want to see in this dish.- Steamed Fish Head with Chopped Chilies: This was the star of the night and by far the best dish. The fish that came out was suuuuuper delicate and light and definitely a favorite. The problem is that it costs $27...which is pretty steep for a part of a fish, but then again this is Manhattan.- Mao's Red Braised Pork Belly: average at best. This is pretty much the worst iteration of hong shao rou that I've ever eaten. It was chopped into impossibly small pieces and was pretty hard and stiff instead of the usual melt-in-your-mouth quality you get with a really solid piece of hong shao rou. I think I'm missing a couple dishes here but that was the bulk of what we shared. Oh and another thing, I absolutely hated the menu because it really looked like your average Chinatown menu that pretty much listed 100 possible dishes the chef could slap together with the ingredients he had. I think it'd be much more productive and attractive for the menu to be dumbed down. That way it wouldn't be as overwhelming. Overall I'd say this is certainly worth a try but I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend it to friends.
Excellent here, I eat a couple time and food is really fabulous. I would definitely come back with my Friends next time.
Han Dynasty was a two hour wait next door so we decided to get a table here. NO REGRETS. This place is legit. The place is fairly new and the interior design is very modernized. I appreciated the variety of cookware/dishes they used for particular dishes. It made me feel like the food was all home-cooked. The service was attentive and fast. We tried the mapo tofu, mao's brasied pork belly, string beans with garlic, and dan dan noodles. EVERYTHING WAS GREAT. I'd highly recommend the string beans and mapo tofu. I'm coming back to dry more things on their menu. Check it out.
This is literally the best Chinese food I've had in New York. Everything we had was delicious, super light and fresh, and without all the heavy starchy sauces that a lot of other places drown their food in. We had the whole fish with chilies, Mao pork belly, cold Hunan style tofu, and stir fried spinach shoots. The staff is so nice and attentive without being intrusive too. I'm definitely coming back!
Very authentic Chinese fare. Swing by and get a lunch special, great options and portion sizes. Their chili garlic fish is the bomb!
My 1st time at this restaurant, all I can say is WOW! I didn't realize how good Hunan food until now. 1. try the Scallion Pancake 2. Steamed Fish Head With Chopped Chilies 3. Mao's Braised Pork Belly 4. Steamed Eggplant w. Salted Egg Yolk 5. Dessert-Sticky Rice Ball w. Sweet Rice Wine.Can't wait till I return to try other delicious dishes!!!! :)
food was just ok. I got mao's red-cooked pork belly (红烧肉) which is a classic hunanese dish -- it was bad, and not in a salvageable way. too much cinnamon and weirdly un-reduced sugar and soy sauce braise sauce is unacceptable. other Hunan dishes looked the part but tasted heavy and clunky. I'm talking about all he sour bean, minced pork, preserved mustard greens, etc section of the menu.the place is, however, quite clean. service is great, and the 10% student discount is great.
Very delicious！Nice environment，great service，affordable price. I tried lunch special. Shred pork with bamboo root.
Amazing and delicious Hunan Fried Rice. I would definitely recommend. You do have a choice as to how spicy you want your food and I did not have to add anything else to the food. No salt or soy sauce was required, it was seasoned to perfection.The dessert was also great and I asked my server to recommend one for me which he did, and I was quite happy with the choice.
Worst delivery person ever. He refused to find my building and made me walk around in the cold to find him. Turns out he was on the wrong block.....
Very friendly staff, and quality Chinese food at a reasonable price. Can't ask for more. Restaurant itself is also clean and cozy.
Authentic Chinese Hunan style and taste -- Highly recommended-
Won't let you eat in the restaurant if you ordered through meal pass. Even though the restaurant is empty. Literally got kicked out. I've never had a problem with this anywhere else. The three other restaurants I've done with this are super nice and even offer you water. Pretty rude :(
Awesome authentic Hunan cuisine! Pork dumplings with chili oil, hot and sour soup, chicken with chili peanuts all superb! Also try the pork soup dumplings!
I just didnt like the food, I had 2 items lunch specials, the green bean chicken and the tangerine chicken. Notthing out of the ordinary in fact I prefer some of my other fav spots. dont think I will reorder from here.the soup wasnt that tasty.I recommend adding more spices and using higher quality ingredients.
OMG their food is very very good, the spice in the food was just perfect. If you love spicy, you must give a try. Definitely will come back again. BTW the service here is fantastic!!!
I have been there twice and both time the food was great,and taste is delicious ,yum! Yum!  Overall it is very tasty. The chief special cooking method keep original Hunan style, even the hot pepper and food seasoning are all come from home town of Hunan . That is the reasoning keep the food quality high stander. The staff are very friendly and the service professional. I will definitely come back again.
Should have listened to the bad reviews instead of trusting all the good reviews. The food isn't terrible, but it's really not very good. Everything was bland and greasy.
Tried ordering take out from here. Person taking the order was nearly unable to understand our order which I understand but then following that they called back twenty minutes after placing the order to say they couldn't deliver to us (we only are 10 mins from their location) and that they're too busy. Unacceptable customer service.
Awh ... Saltiest food that i ever had in my life. If you like drinking sea water, must try it :) But it was def pleasure to try different Chinese food.
Student, ordered delivery and gave 10% percent tip, the delivery guy came in with bad attitudes and said to me the tip is not enough, and throw my food on the floor. really spoiled my appetite
Had take-out for lunch before, delicious and not expensive. Very good service as well!
Sliced fish in chili sauce or chili oil is one of my favorite foods. I've never been to China but this restaurant has the best of the dish I've had so far! In addition their scallion pancake was perfectly flaky and fried. It wasn't packed on a Friday evening and the service was timely and amicable. Went here because Han dynasty had a 45 minute wait!
Our meals and the service were great. The menu doesn't do the actual dish justice. We ordered the Pan Fried Noodles with Shrimp. The large shrimp with vegetables and the sauce was wonderful. I wish I had more time in NYC to try other items on the menu.
I was drawn in by the Eater review in the window promising a cuisine spicier than Sichuan. My partner and I were eager to try new regional specialites. Surprisingly, the menu contained many familiar American-Chinese, Sichuan, and northern Chinese dishes. I'm no expert on Chinese food so I googled Hunan dishes and we ordered the Chairman Mao's pork belly and the black bean water spinach. Both were delicious and served in large portions. The pork belly was rich and melted in your mouth with no tough skin or gristle, served in a complex red sauce with just a touch of heat and smoke. The water spinach had a building heat from dried chilies and was peppered with roasted garlic cloves. We also got a free pork dumpling appetizer for checking in with the yelp app. Total cost: $37 for dinner for 2 with leftovers. We'll be back to try the fish head platter.
I'm a big fan of Hunan food so my expectations are pretty high. I've tasted many and many of them were disappointing but my experience here was amazing. I got the braised sliced beef! Amazing! Spicy done right! If you're a big fan of spicy and Chinese food, come here! You will not be disappointed! Other great dishes you should try from this place, duck in casserole and prawns Hunan style! Their dishes are so flavorful and nicely seasoned! Cooking done right!
If u love spicy food! This is a place to go for~ the food is amazing and worker are nice! I would came again.
Today was my second day eating at Hunan Bistro and I have to say that the food is amazing... I had the beef with broccoli for the second time and the meat was as tender as you could possibly imagine. I actually ordered this for my film production crew staff and they loved it.. This is hands down my most favorite Hunan restaurant in NYC which means a lot coming from someone who eats out almost every other day. The staff is amazing and the owner (Jason) is very gracious and amazing. If you are looking for an authentic Hunan cuisine, great food, great atmosphere and even a good date spot, I'd check this place out!
very authentic hunan. very good food. and like a real chinese restaurant in CHINA, these guys have their own twist on boring old standards, which is nice. try the STINKY TOFU.
The best tasting lunch special I've found in the area. The food is actually spicy and not loaded with random filler veggies like a lot of places.
Very nice atmosphere and delicious and authentic food!! If you like some spicy food, I definitely recommend you to come here.
Current 4.5 star rating average is obviously based on many fake reviews. Food is adequate but no more. Mapo Tofu for example was way oversalted and greasy. Wontons bland. Don't believe the hype.
I was really bummed to hear that Young Chow 3 had closed, but ordered from here anyway. First off, the delivery person called me 3 times to confirm my address. Then, when I finally got my sesame chicken, it was SO soggy and bland. So bummed that I need to find a new go to Chinese place.
Finally found an real authentic Hunan style Chinese restaurant near my place! The food was awesome and service was nice as well. We ordered the steamed fish with chillies and I have to say that was the best Hunan dish I had since last time I was in China. Enuff say, just 5/5.
Food is relatively authentic and pretty good, but nothing spectacular.  We are vegetarian so we didn't try the meat dishes.  However, the prices for some of the most commonly ordered Chinese Vegetables is astronomically high $17.95 for Ong Chai (Water Spinach) and Pea Sprouts.  Given the other reviews I was inclined to accept the price, because the portions were supposed to be "HUGE".  They were not, they were average to small and so three veggie dishes typically costing under $35 at other restaurants ended up being over $50.  The green beans were good not great, the expensive pea sprouts were very good, but not for $17.95.  Oh well......  On the plus side they have brown rice (although it seemed dry and uninspiring).   I don't think they charged more for brown rice or for rice as a whole.   The place is very nice and has better ambience and atmosphere than Han Dynasty next door.  Service was very good, but then there were not many people here so it's hard to know.   I thought the staff was very courteous.
With my family coming from Hunan and owning a Hunan restaurant for more than ten years in China, this place was nowhere near authentic. Ordered a signature Hunan dish with pork and pepper and a beef noodle dish, both were disappointing. I guess the pork dish was alright (alright because I've had worse Hunan food in a famous franchise in Shanghai), although it was neither spicy nor flavorful ad it should be. The beef noodle, on the other hand was unbelievably tasteless and just bad. I really am not holding this place up to my dad's village in Hunan kind of standard (and btw that would cost less than one dollar lol) but the broth tasted like oil and nothing else. I had to put so much vinegar in my soup to eat that noodle - straight up no. Maybe they had other dishes that were better, but really, I didn't think it was worth the money I paid, and that pork dish (xiaochaorou) really was supposed to be a signature Hunan dish.
