The service and ambiance here is very nice and calming. There's a large menu selection, however the downfall is that the food is just very mediocre. I had the spicy beef noodle soup and spring rolls and my friend had general tso chicken. The portions here are HUGE. I was starving and could only get through about half of my soup. There were about 8-9 big pieces of beef, however some were very fatty, others were too tough and the remainder were tender enough to eat. My spring rolls were very average as well. There were no standout flavors here. My friend said her chicken was too sweet, sweeter than the dish usually is. While everything is moderately priced, I'm not sure I would return, as I prefer more flavor and punch to my food. The downside about huge portions is not being able to finish and not wanting to take it home. I would have preferred a smaller portion, with more consistent tasting meat.I also completely forgot! I had to ask for chopsticks. That's never a good sign to me and serves as a red flag warning that the establishment Im in caters to Americanized food and a non Chinese clientele. I like using chopsticks and would much rather have to ask for a fork if need be.
This is my new favorite for Chinese in NYC!  Prices are amazing for the quality of the food and the portions. We ordered the beef with broccoli (meat was tender and perfect), the chicken in garlic sauce was perfection, vegetable fried rice was light and not oily, and finally the shrimp lo mein was so full of shrimp and to die for!!  The service was perfect, they were over immediately with water or anything we needed but not hovering or annoying. They made my son a fresh squeezed lemonade and my daughter had a fresh made iced tea. We will most definitely be back!!
The jalapeño beef was excellent. Jalapeños were julienned and either not all were hot or there were some bell peppers too because it was like hot pepper Russian roulette (which is a good thing in my book). Beef was tender and flavorful, sauce was really tasty. My friend's tofu and veggies got a thumb's up with the ginger scallion sauce. I asked to add a couple veggies to my dish, they didn't. My friend asked for a sauce on the side of her dish, they didn't give it to her. If you like the dish exactly as it is on the menu, you're probably good. They gave us 1 fork, 1 napkin, and 1 soy suace even though we ordered 2 entrees and had it delivered to a hotel.
Recommended by my boss but the worst Chinese I've ever had! Got the 5 spicy pork dumplings for checking in, way tooo hot, so had to ask for duck sauce instead, then they charged them for me but they were supposed to be free! Orange beef was so tough couldn't cut it with a knife! Brown rice so dry couldn't eat it and broccoli barely cooked! When I mentioned about the beef they said next time tell them so the chef won't cook it so well done! There won't be a next time!
Absolutely great. came here tuesday for a birthday lunch. place was spotless. nice interior. quiet but not creepy quiet. staff is very friendly. the fooooood y'all omg so good. the portions are HUGE so you can order one dish between two people - something me and my bf did not know. we got the orange pineapple chicken and the spicy tso's chicken, veggie lo mein, pork dumplings. the dumplings were free if you check in but they only have the pork option. our server neatly packed up all our leftovers and we had enough for another meal. great place. gonna make this a regular thing.
Overpriced Chinese take out served in a nice and modern restaurant. A couple of friends and I were looking to get some Schezuan Chinese food in the West Village. Uncle Ted's had a high rating on Yelp and was close to where we wanted to be. Got an order of pork dumplings in chili sauce with my Yelp check in. They were good, but not very spicy. Also had the wonton soup. Basically the same dumplings, just in broth this time. For my entree, I got my favorite Schezuan dish, mapo tofu.My mapo tofu tasted like hot and sour soup. It was not spicy at all, and there were no Schezuan peppers in it. I tried my friend's dishes, the schezuan beef noodle soup and the Singapore noodles. Both were equally bland. The food was filling and pretty cheap, but I won't be returning.
Really impressed with our takeout order (picked up ourselves since live nearby). Broccoli was excellent and the lo mein had tons of actual vegetables. We'll be back!
I absolutely love this Chinese restaurant! I would definitely go out of my way to eat here.We took advantage of the Yelp offer for a free appetizer....pork dumplings in a spicy sauce.  Wow it is out of this world. The bite sized tender pork dumplings seem sweet at first but then the heat hits ya right in the face! Our waitress suggested another appetizer to us so we tried it. The crystal shrimp dumplings were also a hit. Normally these types of dumplings have very little shrimp in them. Uncle Ted's does not skimp on the shrimp! Taking a bite into the steamed dumplings you taste the big chunks of shrimp. We were told this was a popular appetizer and now I see why.  Luckily for us the table next to us had already ordered and received their food. They each ordered a separate dish for the entree. I do NOT recommend this.  They give you sooooooo much food..enough to split it in my opinion. So we did that. On this occasion we ordered chicken and broccoli and asked for it to be made spicy. On another time we ordered sesame chicken. Everything was delicious.We finished our food but still had our wine to drink. The owner came to our table and told us to take our time and enjoy our drinks.Definitely come here!
Uncle Ted's is a classic New York Chinese restaurant done really well: sesame noodles, chow fun, dumplings, wonton soup, chicken with string beans--it's a predictable menu but surprisingly few restaurants uphold this tradition anymore. Great for lunch and for takeout. We live across the street and find this place to be our only dependable choice. If you're looking for spectacular, go to the Mala Project or Xian Famous Food; there are plenty of choices in that category, but not enough solid places like this.
I found myself at Uncle Ted's on a Friday evening in the springtime due to a handful of reasons. First, our intended restaurant destination had a 2+ hour wait. Secondly, I hadn't indulged in true New York Chinese in quite sometime (it was time). Third, I have an Uncle Ted. Was it meant to be?Perhaps it was. Now, by no means am I a Chinese aficionado. It's true, I know my way around lo mein and a dumpling. But beyond that.....it's all Greek to me. Though the staff didn't make a real effort to explain some of the more uncommon items, I didn't ask- I was perfectly happy with my crab rangoon and (free) spicy pork dumplings. That's right folks- FREE. Yep, Uncle Ted's recently rolled this deal out where if you check in via your Yelp app you get a free order of spicy pork dumplings. They're pretty good too; with a nice kick of heat and its supple folded dough, they'll start your meal off right. I'm hungry just thinking about it. Highly recommended.Bottom line is, if you're wandering aimlessly through the village with an empty stomach and a growing concern that you'll never find anywhere to eat because you neglected to make a reservation, there's always a spot for you at Uncle Ted's. The staff will great with you a big smile and happily seat you wherever you'd like (I've never seen this place crowded. Mind you, it is a large space).So loosen that tie (and maybe belt) and grab a seat at Uncle Ted's. Only here can you pair an Aperol Spritz with a plate of General Tso's. And it works. Gosh I love New York.
I went to Uncle Ted's yesterday for CNY and it was such a great time!! Uncle Ted and Andy were so much fun and always made sure my friend and I were doing okay.Additionally, the food was AMAZING!! We had little beef dumpling appetizers in this tangy spicy sauce, chili rock shrimp-nice and crispy with a light creamy spicy mayo (could eat this every night), a special filet of fish that I believe was cod-so tender and delicious with light soy sauce and fresh ginger, and Beef Chow Fun which I'm currently eating as leftovers and it's just as tasty as last night!I have been looking for good Chinese food in NYC and I'm so glad I now have my go to place. Thanks Uncle Ted!!
We come into the village from New Jersey about once a month to enjoy the culture and street life. A local resident directed us to Uncle Ted's as we were looking for a restaurant that was quality food and wouldn't break the bank. That was 4 visits ago. We have been consistently delighted with the food. Their dumplings are light and tasty. Their salt and pepper calamari is delicious. None of the food is oily. All of the ingredients are fresh and full of flavor. I love the "choose your own ingredients" dish found on the back page of the menu. I asked for eggplant, peppers, and spinach mixed with a ginger scallion sauce and then added shrimp to that. Cooked to perfection! I had only wished for a few more of the large yummy shrimp. Can't wait to return. And... they make a great martini at a bargain (for NY) price.
I was in the neighborhood last Sunday, looking for a place to take my daughter, her friend from college and my friend from college (true, 30 years ago!) for dinner.  We picked Uncle Ted's based on yelp reviews and ended up super happy with the decision!As a group that LOVES dim sum, we ordered a ton of stuff off the dim sum menu and shared everything.  Here is what we got:1.Steamed pork buns-Very very good, the bun was light and delicious and the filling was well made2.Cold noodles with sesame-One of the stars of the night, made the old school way.3.Shrimp dumplings-Very good, as good as Jing Fong on a Sunday morning!4.Scallion pancake-Good, not great5.Duck dumplings-Good but overshadowed by some of the other choices6.Pork meatballs-Ok, would not order again7.Crab rangoon (2 orders)-Excellent, some of the best we've had8.Shrimp toast-Loooved this one, brought back old NYU memories9.Pork dumpling with spicy sauce-Free with a yelp check-in-Great!I also want to mention that the staff was extremely friendly and efficient.  Overall, the four of us left stuffed and super happy and the bill came to $90 with tip!  We also had a lot leftover at the end.  We WILL be back!
Delicious chinese food with a modern flare. Prices are great considering the location. There was a Yelp deal, we got free dumpling. Yummy.
I picked this restaurant on a whim and I am very happy that I did! I found something that I was interested in and asked the server. He stated that a lot of people do order the double cooked spicy pork. I was quite pleased with the taste. It was good spicy and pleasurable to eat. Also, cost of the drinks are decently priced. The amount of rice though does not fully satisfy the hefty amount of food they give. Also, even though it does say white or brown rice, the server did not ask me about the option. I was going to do brown rice but forgot as I was in conversation with my friend but remembered when I saw my food that I wanted brown.Overall, it was a great experience and can see myself going there again in the future.
If you love General Tso but tired of having 90% of flour and just 10% chicken, you should try General Tso here.It is truly honest General Tso you will ever try. Chunk chicken meat is inside and flour skin is just thin. I come here for lunch 2-3 times a week and still love thier dishes.Their dimsum is very good as well. Many restaurants don't like to hire dimsum chef and buy from factory and just steam to serve. This place has a really good dimsum chef and their happy hour deal is $4 (normal price $6).Update : I lowered the stars from five to two. They still serve good food but when I tried the free 5 dimsums when check in, it didn't work. They said it only valid when I dine in not with any to-go order which is not stated on the offer. They should mention it on the offer. I hate to hear no with any hidden reasons.
I ordered the broccoli and shrimp lunch special ($10.89) and was disgusted beyond belief. I kid you not, they boiled broccoli and shrimp and dumped a carton of diluted soy sauce soup over it. The fried rice can't even be called fried rice; it was old white rice doused in - wait for it - *more* diluted soy sauce. The only redeeming part of this meal was the packet of crispies, which aren't even made in-house. That this is considered food, let alone Chinese food, is an abomination in and of itself.(Please note that I rarely ever leave one-star reviews.)
My pad thai w/shrimp was huge in portion with a good amount of smallish medium size peeled shrimps. But I didn't understand why the pad thai noodles were all cut short in 1.5~1.75inches as if they were left over noodles in the bag. The beauty of fried noodle is being able to bite into chewy texture and this pad thai kept falling off of my chopsticks when lifted. It was more of lumpy small rice dough.The hot and sour soup was average in salty side.
It was a good experience over all. We ordered soup dumplings to start. Sadly they were not satisfying. :( There was barely any soup, very dry. Flavors were okay though. The spicy double fried pork is good. It just got more salty as we ate more. It's okay, just eat more rice to balance the saltiness. We also ordered the house fried rice. That was perfect! Topped with a fried egg. Mix drink and beers were good, also good selection. Server was very friendly and everyone there was polite and accommodating! We will be back and give the soup dumplings a second try.
It's a little hard to give a Chinese place four stars but this place was impressive.  Modern decor, lots of white, a few tables in front of the bar and a lot more seating in the back.Service was professional, food came out quickly.  I had the Kung Pao chicken which was fine. Worth a try if you are in the area.
Excellent Food.  We walked in on a Thursday to this modern, well kept restaurant. The food is very fresh, very well presented. We had the make your own veggie combo, General Cho chicken as well. Food was excellent and the cocktails were great too.  Highly recommended.  We will be back.
The food was very tasty. The staff were kind and patient with the language barrier. And my friend and I sat for 90 minutes leisurely enjoying good food and conversation. I want more.The cold sesame noodles were excellent with a more refined sauce than other Chinese restaurants.
Came here late night after a show across the street and was pleasantly surprised. Very reasonably priced Chinese food that is simple and tasty. I got the chicken lo mein with wonton soup. Yum! Love the modern decor and ambience. Service is great!
What a find!! I feel like I've been looking for high-quality Americanized Chinese food in NYC for ages and there it was right under my nose, in the uber convenient central village.  The portions are large, and the vegetables are fresh and crunchy (where appropriate!).  We had the Chicken L'Orange, which was out of this world - basically the Chinese food equivalent of chicken candy, a total crowd pleaser, but with white meat chicken instead of the chewy dark meat that the shady places in Chinatown serve.  The chicken lettuce wrap appetizer, served with a tasty plum sauce, was also very good, and the portion size was very generous.  Finally we shared the basic Chicken with Mixed Vegetables which included large pieces of white meat chicken and fresh, crunchy vegetables.  I'm so glad we found this place - thanks Yelp!
I order lunch from them all the time, but recently the prices has skyrocketed! And in all honesty, don't think it taste that good anymore.
*This is a review based on the terrible experience I had with the delivery of my food that I placed via seamless.*Off the bat - I ordered the beef noodle soup. It was pretty good, but given I'm within delivery range of very good (and authentic) Chinese restaurants, I wouldn't risk ordering from this place again.I placed my seamless order at 6:30PM with an ETA of 7:15-7:25PM. I received a notification from the app that my food was on the way at 7:05PM, but it didn't arrive until after 8:10PM. I called the restaurant three times (7:40, 7:55, 8:05). The first time I was redirected to someone (manager, perhaps) and was told that the delivery was on its way, fine. This was 7:40PM and beyond the ETA. The second time I called back, I heard the individual speak in Chinese to someone in the background about my calling to check on the order, to which the manager responded "Just tell her it's on the way and be done with it. I don't know where it is." This infuriated me - I am very aware that sometimes there's an unexpected backlog and that deliveries can go beyond the ETA range, but there are a number of things you can do to alleviate a customer in this situation. I asked the woman to check on the status of my order -  is it in the delivery man's possession / was it actually on its way? How many other orders are before mine? Where is the delivery man, relative to my home? I asked her all these questions and she couldn't answer me (she didn't know). This was 7:55PM. I called back 10 minutes later and another manager explains to me that there was a mix up with orders and that seamless/GrubHub orders were delayed over an hour. This may or may not have been true - I honestly wouldn't know. If true, then you should have alerted me at 7:40PM when I first called to check on my order. I appreciate him offering to check if my order was received / prepared, but why wasn't this option offered me to me half an hour ago?The food arrived at 8:10PM, and I ended up missing the show I was going to because I was waiting for the food. Bottom line: given all the other options, I can't find a compelling reason to order from Uncle Ted's again. That's not to say I wouldn't dine there if I were nearby - but the delivery service was ridiculously frustrating. At the end of the day, there's no accountability on the restaurant's end to ensure a good delivery service.
Had the sweet and sour pineapple chicken. Was very impressed with the quality of the food. Definitely coming back.
I read all those raving reviews about this restaurant, and decided to try it with my friend.The portions of the food are good,the prices are good but I was very disappointed at the quality of the food. The hot and sour soup and egg drop soup were mediocre not tasty at all,the dumplings were not cooked well enough you could feel the raw dough,the fried calamari were so salty we had to drink water after each bite,the general tso chicken was ok. I will not come back to this restaurant again and wouldn't recommend it to my friends or family      :(
The world needs more classy Chinese restaurants.Food: superb, beautifully presented. Americanized, not in a bad way.Service: classy and attentive.Decor: well-appointed. Excellent for just about any nice occasion: date, business dinner, etc. I even watched the World Cup there! (There's a widescreen TV at the bar.)I've been there three times, and I definitely will be back.
Must try spot in the heart of The Village. I've been here countless times, tried just about everything on the menu, and am never disappointed. Recommendation for vegetarians: the tofu dishes are absolutely fantastic! Uncle Ted's accommodates very large groups, and Uncle Ted the owner is beyond personable and friendly. Wonderful waitstaff, wonderful ambiance, wonderful decor, wonderful food at very reasonable prices!6 stars to this place!! It won't disappoint.
Pretty decent quality food extremely fast service.  Nothing fancy but good quick chinese food in a nice setting.  It doesnt seem like there are a lot of chinese spots so without walking over to china town there arent too many options.  I ate for under 20 bucks and was quite pleased.
Convenient and cheap, one of the better deals in the neighborhood. The dumplings are very good, too.
Great Chinese food. The authenticity was uncanny and even their american Chinese food was good. The general tso's was so good. Definitely order it. And the Szechuan beef was to die for! It was authentic and the actual meat was so tender it melted in my mouth. Another great plus was the constant great 80's music from bands like the Cure, Cindi Lauper, and Talking Heads. 10/10 would visit again.
Love this place. We order delivery or takeout about once a week. Friendly staff, yummy food.
You can never go wrong here with their food! Believe me I'll be going back and trying new stuff but sadly I'm limited to eating meat for I'm a vegetarian but their Pad Thai was amazing and they gave me the option on adding tofu.
I've been living above this place since it was Suzy's.  When Suzy's closed down, I almost cried actual tears.  When it re-opened as Uncle Ted's there were a few speed bumps and menu changes along the way.  After its first couple of months in business this place really hit its stride.  It's the best Chinese in the neighborhood, hands down.  It is now a Sunday take out tradition for me. I've tried just about everything on the menu and can safely say that you cannot go wrong here.  Whatever your favorite dish is when it comes to Chinese take-out, I guarantee Uncle Ted's will exceed your expectations and satisfy your craving.  Beef chow fun, Lo Mein,  Veggie Fried Rice, General Tso's (probably the best I've tasted), Chicken w/broccoli, egg rolls, crab rangoons.... they're all amazing. The best part is, the food never tastes greasy and the meat never tastes questionable (as some of the cheaper take out places are notorious for).  All ingredients taste fresh and are well prepared.  Sauces in each dish are packed with flavor without being overwhelming.   There is a distinct flavor to each dish and they manage to make it unique to Uncle Ted's without sacrificing the classic taste you are looking for.  Lunch specials are beyond filling and offer excellent value.  With that said, I sometimes find the price tag outside of the lunch special to be a little on the hefty side for take-out.  This was the only reason I deducted a star.  For example, it's hard to justify shelling out $6 for an order of 4 (tiny) crab rangoons or $3 for ONE egg roll.   BUT MAN, they're good.  I mean really really good.  I know for a fact that I can get an egg roll for $1.50 at most other take-out places (I've tried them in that dark period of time between Suzy's closing and Uncle Ted's opening up).  Even the main dishes are on average about $4 - $5 more expensive at Uncle Ted's than other take out spots.  Myy usual order which may have been $25 at a competitor (with larger portion sizes), costs me about $40 at Uncle Ted's.  I saw your eyes just bug out of your head... chill out. Trust me, it's worth it.  Even though Uncle Ted's  might offer take out... keep in mind that it's a restaurant.  Make no mistake... when you order from this place you get restaurant quality.  I have no problem paying for something if the value of what I'm getting is proportional.  The quality of the food here is so good it is well worth the price tag. As for service, everyone is always friendly, attentive and prompt.  I've eaten at the restaurant even though I live just above it and have always had a nice experience.  In my many years of ordering pick up, I think they've only messed up my order maybe 2 times.  2 out of probably 172. That's a pretty good track record.  Plus, each time they were VERY apologetic and replaced my item with the correct dish (free of charge of course).  So... if you're looking for great Chinese food and don't feel like venturing to Chinatown make sure to give Uncle Ted's a shot!
Had lunch there today.  Was good but not my favorite Chinese restaurant in the city (prefer hot kitchen or hand dynasty).  We went because of the yelp reviews and the offer of the free spicy pork dumplings (thank you yelp).  We ordered three types of dumplings (the soup dumplings, the spicy pork dumplings, and the amazing duck dumplings - the only ones I would recommend).  We also shared the general Tso chicken and wasn't impressed either.  Probably will not go back.
Great lunch place. Quick, affordable and very tasty. I had the Spicy Szechuan Beef - it was more like stew beef. Very very good.
Went on a Friday night with a friend. Food was delicious and the servers were very attentive.  We were seated almost immediately and had no wait. The prices for our meals were reasonable and they gave us a nice size portion. I would come back again.
One of the best Chinese meals I've had in a while. Boyfriend and I finally got a chance to try this place, I've been wanting to come for over a year now. We tried before but parking is terrible in the area. Plan to take a train or hope to get lucky. I ordered the pork lo mein off the lunch special, and my boyfriend ordered the sesame chicken. We also tried the dumplings that we unlocked as an offer for checking in. The lo mein was flavorful and not greasy at all. There was plenty of pork and the noodles were delicious. The sesame chicken was amazing. The sauce is thick and sweet. The chicken was cooked to perfection, crispy on the edges and very tender in the middle. The pork dumplings were also very light and thin and the flavor of the meat mixed with the spicy sauce was just right. If you want good quality Chinese food I highly recommend.
Boring, lacking in flavor, snore! Ordered at least 10 items. Most were just slightly above average. The chicken with string beans were the best of the bunch. Duck dumplings, snooze. Chili rock shrimp just plain awful. Chicken wings ok. Would never order from this place again. Panda Express quality.
So I was at Ted's last Sunday when I was visiting NYC, and I ordered the spicy Szechuan beef lunch special. I didn't like it at all. The vegetables didn't taste fresh/flavorful, and the dish was like 60% sauce-it was like a swimming pool of sauce. I had Beef Szechuan at Hunan West in Burke, VA today actually and the amount of sauce was appropriate, and the vegetables actually had crunch. Also the restaurant was freezing-I understand it's summertime in NYC, but I was wearing a cardigan and was shivering.
love the food here. they have a great general tso chicken. stayed in new york for 2 weeks and I ordered delivery from these guys through Postmates 2x a week. A little pricey, but i'd say really really tasty food.
This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the city. The food is spectacular and the people who own the restaurant are so sweet and offer the best service. I love the modern atmosphere of the space. It's my go-to for a late meal or when I need a little comfort food.
I came here only because their yelp score was pretty impressive and I am so glad that I did. The restaurant is clean, beautiful, and not at all stuffy. I like that I can sit through a dinner and not leave smelling like my chicken fried rice. Speaking of chicken, their Kung Pao is amazing. We also ordered beef and broccoli an the beef actually looked like beef and tasted incredible. The staff was so friendly, and were very patient with our vivacious two year old. I will definitely be coming back here. Well deserved five stars. I highly recommend this restaurant.
The picture of a modern kitchen may give the wrong impression that the food is going to be a fast food experience.    The food experience is like being at a very old high end restaurant in China.    it is home made style food.   The fried rice was done perfectly,  the fish soup not salty or overboiled..  The point is that Uncle Ted's is so far from the NY Chinese in Chinatown or other places in Manhattan.  This is not american chinese.. its the real deal .. I met the owner and he explained that the food is simple, homemade style and attention to details ...    now I have a new favorite in NY City..
I originally gave Uncle Ted's a 4 star review for good food, big portion, and at a great price. But I had an unusually amazing first-time experience. And each following visit has been exponentially more horrible. The first time I went with a friend, the server was an extremely nice old Chinese man, who made a few mistakes but was genuinely apologetic and comped us free rice. 2 managers even came out to thank us for our patience and understanding. This is how all good restaurants operate. The second time I went I got a grumpy non-Chinese man that didn't understand anything about Chinese food and did not give our attention a second more of his time. The last time I went really drove me up the friggen great wall of china. Lemme start  by saying this: if you're having a bad day, if you're physically unwell, or if you hate your own fuckin' existence. please do NOT feel the responsibility to make everyone else around you feel your disdain for the earth, ESPECIALLY if you work in service, PARTICULARLY food service in NYC, where it is competitive, and people expect great service all the time, with speed. This man ignored our table for forever. This man did not make eye contact, did not say "please" or "thank you", and did NOT make me feel like an appreciated customer at an okay establishment. I don't care if this is one of the only clean Chinese restaurants in all of America. I am never coming back. He did not give the details for a single dish we wanted to learn more about. He dumped all the food on the table and to the wrong people. I asked him for some complimentary tea for the table (which all Chinese restaurants do) and he pretended to not understand multiple times, then only brought out one cup and never brought out another cup when my friend asked for it. Keep in mind I have been hiding my extremely irritation the entire meal very, very well, so as to "test" him, if anything.I tipped around 10% (or less), the first time in my life I ever tipped less than 15% (which is usually how much I give when i'm really unpleased with the service). But this guy was special. I wrote a note: "horrible service" on the receipt in hopes that managers will see it and do something about it, but the server had the nerve to stop our table on our way out to sarcastically tell us "thank you" and accosted everyone until he found out which one of us tipped poorly. First of all, it was very clear as to why I did it, because the service was appalling! Second of all, you should be happy I didn't ask for the manager myself because you single handedly convinced me to never go to a Chinese restaurant ever again, because I've lost all hope in Chinese service (and I'm Chinese!). Even the worst holes of Chinatown have better service than this man, who has the nerve to wonder as to why he got a bad tip. I've been a server before and I've worked in food service for 6 years and this man should work as a lamppost in the most deserted street of Brooklyn.
The food was poor with homogenous sauces, and took a long time to appear at our table considering we only ordered six dishes. The white rice was a welcome arrival at our table, to offset the cloying sweetness of the food. The one highlight was the egg drop soup which was very good.The manager made us feel like a nuisance. As he was taking our order, he kept inching away from us before we had even finished talking. Was the restaurant busy? No, it was at about 40% capacity so there was no real rush for him to get anywhere. Given his attitude, no surprise then that the wait staff were rude and distracted, and did not know their own menu.We asked what they had for dessert and they handed us the menu. Nothing wrong with that but after ordering, they told us they didn't have our item...then didn't understand our request when we asked them to check with the chef what's actually available...and THEN got upset with us when we didn't want dessert after all because they couldn't (or wouldn't?) tell us what they actually had.On trying to pay, it took ages because their credit card machine wasn't working. So we HAD to pay in cash.As Chinese customers, my party should've known something was up when we walked into the restaurant, and there wasn't a single other Chinese diner in the restaurant at the time. If it's an ethnic restaurant that people of that ethnicity don't patronise, it can't be very good / authentic.Not coming back here, sorry!
It's okay with me if this restaurant serves its particular interpretation of traditional Chinese dishes, as some reviewers have noted.  I was dissatisfied, however, with the dishes I got.  The steamed pork dumplings were quite thick, doughy, and gummy; the scallion pancakes were similar in texture (gummy flour predominated); the hot and sour soup was bland; and the beef dish was also bland.  The tea I ordered was good, I'll note, and the waiters were friendly enough.
Great for a sit down dinner and take out. Food is delicious and the restaurant has a very unique ambiance. The food came very quickly, but my party didn't feel as if we were being rushed out. I personally love the sweet and sour soup and the chicken with vegetables. The beef with broccoli was also very satisfying. Great place for families and dates, would definitely recommend going here
Excellent food, wonderful service, relatively quiet, nice ambiance, great neighborhood.
Solid service, pleasant interior, great food and portions make this one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in NYC. We always get the Mapo Tofu vegetarian and extra spicy and it is delicious! The fried rice was a nice accompaniment.
Pretty expensive for American-style Chinese food that you can get on most street corners in NYC. The waiter recommended General Tso's chicken so that's what I got. They brought me General Tso's tofu. When I told them about the mistake they brought me a plate of General Tso's chicken at a pace that some might deem alarming.
Delicious!! Dim Sum all day. Nice modern decor. Great service. All the food is good, but the shredded duck dumplings are absolutely amazing. Super reasonable prices. I only wish I lived down the block.
Good Chinese food in a nice setting - not your standard hole in the wall or no frills restaurant.  I had the Sesame Chicken and Okra  Eggplant in Garlic Sauce. Both were tasty.  The okra addition to what is usually an eggplant dish is a really interesting twist since you don't see okra in Chinese dishes.   The Sesame Chicken was a bit on the greasy side but I find that it's a dish that tends to be this way.   Service was friendly and not abrupt, which I've come to expect at typical Chinese restaurants.
Previously Suzies, Uncle Ted's is an out of this world restaurant. The family-owned restaurant is a great place to go with a group or on a date. The owners and workers are very friendly and aim to please. The food is scrumptious and anyone I've taken to eat there has never not liked the food. I highly recommend the vegetable lo-mein and the chicken and broccoli.
Not a fan at all. Service was regular. Was in NY looking for good chinese food and that just didn't happen. The food was terrible. I don't know if it was an off night or something, but wow. Food tasted really salty, but that's about the only flavor I really got for the dishes. It's the first time I left the restaurant having had like two bites of food and didn't even ask for it to-go. Wouldn't recommend at all. Take your money elsewhere.
To be honest, I came here looking for the old Suzie's and its famous sesame chicken, but Uncle Ted's blew me out of my mind. First of all, this was the best service I've ever experienced at a Chinese restaurant. My party was greeted by THE Uncle Ted (when asked if he was Uncle Ted his response was "Call me Uncle or call me Ted, don't call me Uncle Ted"). He is the warmest restaurant owner ever, followed by an equally friendly staff. The food was also spectacular. It's not cheap, but you're getting what you're paying for, if not more. Everything was cooked to perfection, and you don't need a lot of dishes to be filled. Overall, I would definitely come back again, if not for the food then definitely for Uncle Ted!
Decent food for an American Chinese restaurant. My fav was the beef stew and eggplants and okra. Shrimp w walnut dish was a big disappointment.. Too much batter. Overall good experience.
This review is for non-lunch special, takeout only. The place did have a nice, "modern" interior, but the food was nothing special. I ordered the chicken with garlic sauce, which I had enjoyed at their predecessor restaurant. This was not the same. Depending on the restaurant, this dish can have a somewhat authentic, spicy Sichuan Chinese flavor, or it can be watered-down American Chinese chicken with brown sauce. Sadly, this was the latter. It might as well have been chicken with water sauce. I did ask for my usual extra extra spicy, but there was no spice to be found. To be fair, it wasn't awful, and as others have noted, the food wasn't heavy or overly greasy, but it lacked almost any semblance of flavor. If you're looking for authentic Chinese food, there are much better options in the neighborhood to be found. If you're looking for average, all-American Chinese food, there are much cheaper options in the neighborhood with comparable food. If Ma' and Pa' from Tuscaloosa are in town, and you're looking to take them to a fancy-looking ethnic food place that won't offend their roast beef palates, this might be the place. I might give them another chance to see if I can find a dish with some flavor.Bottom Line: This Emperor has no cloves.
Wow, GREAT Chinese food! Great service, modern yet comfortable ambiance. Full bar a nice plus, even had a nice Chardonnay wine. Was walking around Greenwich, and luckily found this place. Returned the next day too! Highly recommend!
Excellent Chinese food.  Excellent. Simple, tasty, clean and cheap.I ordered from the lunch special, chicken and broccoli, came with white rice and miso soup.  The miso soup is so easy to drink, it does not have a lot of sodium.  Then when I opened the meal, I was skeptical about the portion, but I was happily surprised.  Delicious.  WIll definitely be back!
I was in New York for 2 weeks and I wanted to try the best of each cuisine. I definitely chose right with Uncle Ted's. I would actually say that this was the best Chinese food i've ever had. Everything was so tasty and fresh and the service was excellent as well. I feel like New York doesn't have a lot of great Chinese options but this one, I would have to think, trumps the competition.
Delicious. I just moved to the West Village and I have been looking for good Chinese good and I have to say that it surpassed my expectations.
I frequent this place  they never fall short. Always consistent, great dishes, nice staff  food always comes out fresh. I'd much rather eat here than any other Chinese joint in the city for that matter. This place is spotless  doesn't have that ratty feeling you get when you go to other places. My favorite dishes are the pork soup dumplings  the sweet  sour chicken. If you're in the mood for American style Chinese food then make sure to stop by
Absolutely delicious. Entrees came much quicker than expected. Clean. Friendly. Best Chinese food I've had in manhattan since moving here six months ago.
Had such a Terrible experience at this place the other night. I have been here years ago when it was Suzie's and it was excellent and the reviews for this place were great so we figured we would try it. Bad move. As soon as we walked in the manager told us he was trying to close. Meanwhile we walked in at 10pm and they close at 11pm. Then the waiter came to the table told us the kitchen is closing and we need to order now. So we did order an app and it came out super fast and the food came out about 2 minutes after the app. But the  General tso's chicken I ordered was under cooked and pink inside. So I told the waiter and he sent I've the manager who then said he would take it off the bill. Which wouldn't have happened if they weren't rushing us to leave. They never even asked for a drink order just brought us water after the food came out. When we ordered some tea the waiter hesitated and didn't want to bring it to us, he halfway made an excuse. Then he finally brought it out. It was such a bad experience. Never again go to this place. Then when the check came the manager brought over a discount ticket for 20% which was a nice but you sent me under cooked food which could have gotten me very sick, what makes you think I would want to come back after a horrible experience. NEVER AGAIN
3 stars only for the food... Ambience good too. But service was not that great. But i will go there again for the chicken lomein and king pao.
Great fresh tasting chinese food. Everything was delicious, nothing was greasy, and the staff was great. Ambience is clean and simple. I do wish chopsticks were offered but that's a small issue for such crazy good food. Awesome.
Wow! Blown away - take the best Chinese food you've ever had in your whole life, multiply that times 100, and that's Uncle Teds. I just moved to the area and looking for my go-to Chinese delivery. I had a few mediocre experiences elsewhere and finally decided to try uncle teds bc even though it's a little more expensive, it had awesome reviews. I don't think I'll ever get Chinese from anywhere else. The orange chicken, fried rice, and spicy pork dumplings were respectively the best orange chicken, fried rice, and spicy dumplings I've ever had. Period. I hope this review doesn't slow down delivery!!!
I called the number for Suzie's to see if they were open on Saturday and wound up walking over to Uncle Ted's.  Overall, they did a great job renovating the place.  The kinks lie in the service.The food was good, not overly greasy, not too much garlic.  That I was happy about.  What I did not like, was that I ordered the lunch special and they waiter wound up charging me for the full price plate.  He would not adjust the error which I thought was poor on his part.  I also paid with credit card, and when the waiter brought me my copy to sign, he didnt bring me my card.  I wound up walking out of the restaurant only to realize 30 minutes later that my card was missing.  So back to Uncle Ted's it was to retrieve my card.Overall it was ok, good not great.  I think I will stick to Empire Schezuan in the West Village.
This place was amazing! My bf doesn't eat pork but loves dumplings so he ordered the duck dumplings and we both loved them! So soft and tender the meat inside and the dumpling wrapper. I had the moo shoo chicken and he had the sesame chicken. Omggg mouth watering!!! This is not your average Chinese restaurant with so so food. It was DELISH! And I will def go back and recommend to anyone!!
Totally disappointed. My first try at Uncle Ted's since Charlie Mom closed its doors leaving me with 2 other wannabe's in my West Village neighborhood. My wife and I ordered General Tso Chicken along with shrimp fried rice. Both meals were bland and the shrimp fried rice virtually had tiny bits of shrimp in it with nothing other than rice and green peas. Awful experience which will not be repeated again as these two meals are standard Chinese meals in New York City for Westerners and were woefully inadequate in ingredients and taste. And the total price exceeding $25.00 is truly a disaster and a theft. If I could give this place less than a star I would've but Yelp certainly is too Liberal for my taste.
Uncle Teds is right by me but it took me a while to finally venture here and I'm glad I did. It has an upscale feel, and has plenty of seating and tables. I really liked that they had a healthy menu on the back, where You can pick 4 vegetables, a type of sauce (got good brown sauce) and added chicken. Prices are very reasonable here, and the service was quite quick. I'd def come back at some point, seems like a good place to get takeout from too.
Fantasic...the mu shu pork was to die for...everything so light and we'll prepared.  I would return in a New York minute and take my Texas time enjoying it.
good, but a little too expensiveedit:  I should clarify-- the prices are about right for the neighborhood, but compared to chinatown or brooklyn it seems expensive!
Hi I had chicken and broccoli the food was fresh amazing outstandingly cook. The waiter was generous very in on time and meet never had a problem with the order.The water that was given to us once we arrived in our seats was amazing very crisp to the tongue. I definitely don't mind having another meal is fine restaurant.
Came here looking for a cheap, quick lunch and got the free spicy dumplings from yelp check in and an egg roll. Sat at the bar with great, fast, and conversational service. It was delicious and cheap.
Uncle Ted's was pretty solid after a day of hoofing it around the village. The beef chow-fun was tasty and came to the table pretty quickly! Very nice and evenly proportioned quantities of beef, noodles, and bean sprouts. Service was very attentive and kind, and the prices were reasonable even though we came in JUST too late for the lunch specials. My friends enjoyed their chicken and garlic sauce and the Uncle Ted's Curry Chicken. Atmosphere was very clean, very modern to the point of being almost stark, but not uncomfortable. Uncle Ted's is worth a stop in!
I enjoyed Uncle Ted's food...it is certainly not the greatest Chinese food I have had, or the best priced;  however, I would go back.  The service was great, and the food was above average.  The price was pretty high, but I am guessing their rent in the West Village is outrageous.  Anyhow, it was better than average, and nice and clean.  If you want exceptional Chinese food, I recommend you go to Vancouver BC...if that is too far for you, Uncle Ted's is ok.
Pretty place with attentive service, but I thought the food was not vey tasty. We ordered General Tso's chicken and sesame chicken and both were tough and served in a heavy sweet sauce that was almost indistinguishable aside from the sesame seeds on one dish and the peppers on the other. Also, the dishes were very expensive ($14!). However, the pork dumplings appetizer was good and the side servings of broccoli were perfectly cooked, so it may just be a case of our having chosen poorly, and we would return to try our luck with other dishes.
Food was amazing, but absolute horrible service. The waiter wasn't aware of the menu, seemed aloof and didn't even pack what we wanted to take to go. After our appetizers, all the old plates were still on our table. Great place for takeout! Not so much for sit down.
Nothing special here. Waiter did role his eyes at the Yelp coupon I redeemed - thought that was rude. Food was just OK.
Delicious!  They put up with our drunk selves and served us yummy,  fresh tasting food! Great vegan options and nice servers. Love it!  Second time here!
This place reminds me of 1940's, when Chinese imperial once before prosperous in the Far-East, a world hub called Upon-the-Sea, a group of inner circle ppl called classy elite, a kind of attitude called Style. Yet, heart warming service, modern decoration, outstanding dishes.
amazing! GT chicken and an eggroll...do it!
Perfect spot for lunch, elegant, nice, clean , and the most importantly, under 10 dollars!!
The food was ok. Seemed less flavorful than it should be as described. The prices are what you would expect for the area. The decor was very nice. The staff was friendly and attentive.
This is a great restaurant to get your Americanized Chinese food fix. When suzies closed for renovation I was hoping they were updating the decor and the food and they've done a good job of both. The corn starch is plentiful (in a good way) in many of these original americanized chinese dishes. The general tsos chicken was delightfully crispy and drenched  in a thick orange sweet and sour sauce and was better than I was expecting. Also had the eggplant  garlic chicken lunch special, flavors were all really good, nice texture on the eggplant. The soups included in the lunch special were standard fare.
almost three year's since my first post...still great chinese food.  I ordered in via seamless everything came as specifically ordered and as usual was delicious and pipping hot!  #stillafan
Such great costumer service. Ordered delivery and they called to apologize the order was taking a bit. The food was delicious!
Been coming here since I was little. For 15+ years, the food has been spot-on. A few years ago, they renamed it (used to be called Suzy's if I remember correctly) and re-did the inside. It's elegant and even upscale inside, and the whole place (including the staff and food itself) seems very authentic. In my experience, it's good for take-out or if you want to sit down with family and friends and celebrate something special.
solid, yummy chinese (American-style) with good clean tasting dumplings. A good place for friends to meet up without spending too much.
I give uncle Teds four stars because I was very pleased with my sweet and sour chicken. It was delicious. It looked like it was all white meat, no mystery meat pieces. Fried rice was not great. I wouldn't order that again. Both dishes were a little bland but I would definitely order again to try some new dishes.
There are few times in life when I got food poisoning from a restaurant and this was the second. We were hoping to eat at Suzie's which has been bought out and renamed to uncle Ted's. Suzie's had a nicer decor and the food was much, much better. At Ted's I found pieces of meat in tofu soup which I was told is vegan.
I liked this place a lot. The ambiance is clean and cool. The design of the restaurant was very sleek and I found it to be cozy. The food was nice. I especially liked the tea, it was better than the teas at a lot of other Chinese restaurants. I also like the dumplings and the dipping sauce. The ginger chicken with broccoli was delicious, definitely give it a try. The food was good but not great. I liked the appetizers more than the majority of the main courses. The sweet and sour chicken was nothing to write home about and there was something off about the cold noodles. Maybe I ordered the wrong dishes, I don't know because I liked the smell of the restaurant. What I really liked about this restaurant was the ambiance and the very modern design. One note is that my family found the chairs to be pretty uncomfortable so if you have back problems or scoliosis, I wouldn't recommend this venue. All in all if I was in the neighborhood, I would drop by again but would not make a special trip to go there.
I love this place so much.  Great late night dining.  Great fast lunch.  Incredible food!  BUT - Today!  Its totally snowing hard and the sweetest delivery man camehaving ridden his bike in the snow.  Thank you so much!  I'm sorry I made you go out in this crazy storm!  I can't say enough good things about this place. The soup dumplings are amazing.  The food is top notch.  Service is great.  Fun cocktails.  Love love love!!
A dining experience like no other, Uncle Ted's not only served me some kick ass Chinese cuisine, but they also gave me unparalleled service that raises the bar and my expectation for many places that I choose to dine at now. They constantly make sure your water glass is full, they replace anything that is slightly off or not presented well, and they always keep a NONAWKWARD availability to cater my needs. Great calamari and my dish was the Beef with Broccoli over rice. A great presentation and environment that dimishes the comfort food that is a Chinese American dish
I have been telling all my friends about this place and I've literally been eating there at least once a week! Honestly one of the best Chinese restaurants in the city.  Love all their dishes especially their dim sum. The food tastes delicious and the best part about it is that it is NOT greasy and overly seasoned. I find all other Chinese restaurants in NYC to be unauthentic and oily unlike Uncle Teds. Each dish is prepared perfectly and the food is so fresh. On top of that they have a great bar and they serve some of the most tastiest cocktails I have had using Chinese liquor. The restaurant itself is an amazing space, modern, spacious, friendly staff and extremely clean.I really have nothing bad to say about this place. And as I type this review all I want now is to go back and eat there again!
This place used to be where Suzy's was, a longtime Village favorite for Chinese. Well this place has upped the ante with fresh modern decor and lighting and a more adventurous menu. Do I miss the old Suzy's? Well, yeah, but love this place for its cool vibe and tasty fare.
The name of this place threw me off at first, but it's worth checking out.Went here for lunch. The place is spacious with good ambiance. The duck dumplings are excellent. There's one tv by the bar. The service is good, waiters are polite.
Amazing modern fusion-style Chinese cuisine for a reasonable price. The quality was so good that I was expecting the bill to be much higher. Friendly service as well. I had spring rolls for the appetizer, and then some Chinese noodles as one dish and spicy tofu for another (sharing with a friend). Total bill came to about $18 each.On a side note, if you visit this place you should definitely use the restroom! They designed their restroom to the standard of a 5-star hotel. So I've seen they have quality interior decorating, good food, and good service. Will definitely return when I'm in Manhattan again.
Best Chinese that's available on Seamless. Kung-Pao was clean, not breaded, amazing. General Chicken in a little unorthodox, but healthier than others.
Good Chinese food, quick service, $6 beers and $10 mixed drinks (good pours). Best of all, good for groups!!
This is a review of the Vegetarian General Tso's Chicken. Back in my carnivorous days, I remember loving Suzie's General Tso's and was hoping for something similar. Uncle Ted's Vegetarian General Tso's uses deliciously prepared, firm tofu instead of chicken. The tofu is neither rubbery or too mushy--it has an excellent texture. The General Tso's sauce is delicious too. I'm always appreciative when ominvore-restaurants take extra care to offer something special for vegetarians. There are a lot of us here in NYC. Thanks, Uncle Ted!
It's ok. The quality of the meat (chicken, all white meat) is fine but the general tsos is not very flavorful.... The search continues for a good Chinese place in soho
They overcooked my beef. I could barley chew it. They didn't give me a discount because I had already eaten half of it by the time I mustered up the courage to complain.
Best General Tso's in the Greenwich/West village area, and huge portions for affordable prices. Great spot near NYU.
The food here is awesome and the decor is wonderful. This Chinese fusion place is a great spot for dates and friends visiting or having a get together. Try their duck, it's super good. I also really liked their shrimp. The decor is really modern and reminds me of new years!
We just bumbled into this restaurant for lunch walking around one day. I can't speak to their entire menu. My partner had the Kung Pao Chicken lunch special which he thought was good. The reason I am writing this is to point out on the back of the menu the healthful vegetables. I had four veggies, with some garlicky sauce and truly, they were about the freshest best prepared vegetables ever! If I lived in the neighborhood, I would have a hankering for those on a regular basis. I've never had stir-fried Chinese brussels sprouts before, but I would have them again anytime.
Dim sum was amazing. Would totally recommend any number of Ted's fried/steamed dumplings.- clean atmosphere- modern, but not greater-than-thou-'modern' gentle decor and lighting- spacious seating (tables and chairs aren't cramped together and there's extra seating in the back)- attentive and respectable service- food not overly 'americanized' / sauce-ified, seems to whittle dishes down to the essence without simply adding thick syrups.- reasonable prices, GREAT food for the moneyWill probably return to try more items on the menu.
It was good food - not the best dumplings, but definitely good. A little pricier for small portions, but it was a clean and modern establishment.
So disappointed! When this was Aunt Suzie's it was a reliable spot for an inexpensive Chinese lunch with vegetarian wonton soup that made it worth a walk over on a cold day. I'm ok with the new decor, the slightly higher prices, etc, but the miso soup I had was bland, and the "chicken" in the chicken and broccoli was chewy in an "is this really chicken?" kind of way. Service was quick and pleasant but the food leaves a lot to be desired.
I went to the restaurant tonight on the average rating it had on Yelp as the Girlfriend wanted Chinese FoodI didn't even have a Yelp account to review  before tonight, but I don't want this place to have a high rating any longer than it shouldThe food was average and the waiter was that rude he made me want to throw under a car in the street! What an ignorant f***ing c**t!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! More interested in his friends behind the bar than his customersAvoid!!!!!
MY girlfriend and I ate here on a Sunday morning a couple weeks ago. The food was hot and steamy, fresh veggies, and way more than we could eat. We got a plate apiece and the total bill was under $20. HIGHLY recommend if you love authentic Chinese food.
Great Chinese spot. Duck dumplings are amazing! General Tsos chicken was really good. Noodle dishes were bland and lacked flavor -skip over those. Def recommend. Good for groups too. Lunch specials are good deals with a good amount of food.
Very tasty and healthy chicken soup -- perfect for cool evenings...or head colds.  :)  Also, nice staff, pleasant space, and good wine selection.
On the prowl for a good lunch special, I took my family here while they were visiting. Uncle Ted's is a refreshing change of pace from your typical Chinese dives. The interior is crisp, clean, and modern: the general theme of abstracted communist realism prevails through the draped red stars on the walls and Mao Zedong portraits in the hallways gazing as you pass through to the bathroom. One note on the bathrooms: it was a bit awkward to get to the toilet as the bathroom is split off into two stalls with the area being ambivalently "unisex." Women awkwardly gazing at your reviewer while attempting to reapply their lipsticks made for a generally uncomfortable, if comical, experience. Prepare your bladders and egos if you need to go...For only $8, Uncle Ted's offers a great variety of options with each entree being accompanied by either soup/salad and a choice of rice or vegetables. We all went for the hot  sour which, while small in size, packed a lot of heat and flavor. They also did not skimp out on the bean sprouts, which is my personal favorite. For my entree, I decided to go with the spicy double cooked pork and the vegetable fried rice. The pork was delicious and they DEFINITELY did not hesitate to shower the dish with lots of chili peppers (a tad too much even). The fried rice is worthy of note also because it wasn't like your usual oil-drenched takeout version, but delicately sautéed. My dad and brother got the general tso's. Uncle Ted's take is one of the tastiest I've ever had of this Chinese-American staple: slightly crispy, tangy yet savory, and with a hint of kick.  My mom ordered the spicy szechuan beef, which was amazing. The beef was melt-in-your-mouth tender and the gravy-like sauce that accompanied was infused with a melange of spices. The dish made for an extremely savory delight. We finished off with your standard green tea ice cream which was solid. I highly recommend Uncle Ted's to anyone tired of the standard run-of-the-mill Chinese takeout and for only $8 you can't beat that!
I had lunch at Uncle Ted's today for the first time. I ordered the miso soup which was very good. However, the chicken low mein was a big disappointment. The waiter dismissed it as "Chinese Spaghetti" when I ordered. A very generous portion appeared very soon after the soup. It was steaming hot. To my  great surprise it contained some frozen peas and frozen corn! What ever happened to water chestnuts and bamboo shoots or greens? I half expected to see little orange square cut pieces of carrot to go with the peas and corn. I will probably not be going back.
Very fresh, flavorful food, that is "lighter" than typical NYC Chinese cooking. This place is fantastic value for the money, large portions, and it should be more popular than it is. Particularly loved the salt and pepper calamari and the crispy salmon. The décor also has a light-airy feel, modern yet relaxed. We were there on a Saturday night, it was a mix of students and locals, some pop music playing at the perfect volume. The staff was efficient and friendly, too. I will be back!
Fantástic Chinese restaurant and clean. Beautiful room and modern. I ordered eggplant and okra and that dish u can't miss. It's incredible, also orange chicken and noodles ! Perfect, not expensive and great server from china. I ll be back once a week.
This place was a disaster.(1) We were ready to order immediately and told our server.  He said he didn't want to take our order until he brought us our water...really? Took a while to flag another waitress down to get an order in.(2) Started with pan fried dumplings - on the mushier side.  We asked for some hot oil, the waiter brought it out after we had already finished the dish.  It took that long to get it.(3) Waited for main entrees to arrive...took about ten minutes from finishing the dumplings before we got our first dish.(4) Our order came out individually...weird for a chinese restaurant. First dish that came out was shrimp lo mein - beyond greasy and the shrimp so overcooked they were chewy.  We ate it b/c we had waited so long and were starving.(5) We waited for the other dish we ordered, beef  al' orange, hoping there was something worth the wait.  Again, we finished our lo mein before the beef dish arrived.  (6) Beef orange - at $16 this thing was horrific! I hate biting into orange chicken, orange beef, sesame chicken, general tao's chicken, etc...and experiencing the need to constantly chew on the fat and excessive undercooked breading-gunk.  This was one of the worst dishes I've ever had from a chinese restaurant in my life. We took less than three bites and asked for the check, leaving hungry.I'm part Chinese and grew up on Chinese food.  You are really better off skipping this place and cabbing it to Chinatown for something more authentic.  Service was horrible for the price.
I'm very impressed by everything about this restaurant, from the staff, decor, to most importantly the food. I stopped in one night with a friend of mine to grab a quick bite. The staff was very fast and friendly, ordered my food and it was prepared just to my liking. Perfect portions, not too much, not too little. Cooled to perfection and the presentation was very nice. The prices are extremely reasonable for what you receive. Even the manager Uncle Ted himself made his way over to check to make sure everything was ok then came outside to admire my friend's and my motorcycles and take photos with us. My friends and I have been there a few more times since and everyone welcomes us back. I've recommended Uncle Ted's to many of my friends and will be returning back soon for more of the General Tso's Chicken!
Incredible, so happy to have great chinese back in The Village.  Ted, you are a sweetheart, the food is everything great I remember from Suzie's, familiar faces and some new great additions to the menu.  SOOO good and the place looks great!  Well done :)
Hooray!  Finally a really good casual Chinese restaurant in the neighborhood.  Lunch special is super at $8, excellent dumplings too, and the space is really nicely done.
Uncle Ted's needs improvement.  The service STINKS.  When there are no more than 4 groups in the restaurant, I should not have to get up and ASK for the check.  The food was mediocre, and the chicken was too chewy.  If this is normal for this place, I will not return.
HURRAY!!!! My husband and I have been waiting for weeks for this place to open up. After the village staple Suzie's closed, and then reopened under new management (with terrible food and service) we were wary of trying Uncle Ted's. But when we walked in we saw familiar faces from original Suzies and were elated. They have 4 people manning the phones for delivery/takeout alone. The new decor is very modern (no more 70's style Chinese restaurant) and the food is awesome. Try the: Chengdu Hot  Sour Soup (just like Suzie's old soup, but less oily), the Crazy Spicy Chicken Wings (very crunchy and cooked perfectly), the Chicken Lettuce Wraps (like PF Chang's but less salty), and the Diced Chicken Szechuan Style. So happy to have a great Chinese restaurant back in the neighborhood. Thanks for bringing a piece of Suzie's back, Uncle Ted!
I ate here with a party of 11, a majority of whom were ethnically Chinese.  All of us tremendously enjoyed the meal.  We had a half dozen appetizers, including piping hot and flavorful Tofu Nuggets, crisp scallion pancakes, a variety of steamed dumplings (which were tasty but kind of blended together), and tangy chili rock shrimp. We also all shared entrees, including brussel spouts in a spiced teriyaki sauce, tender sauteed pork belly served with puffed pancakes, delicately-prepared chilean seabass, and even the classic China-merican sweet and spicy General Tso's Chicken. Oh, and the fried rice was freshly made, with a fried egg right on top -- it made me realize my normal Chinese place uptown needs to up its game!The decor is clean, sleek and elegant... and therein lies my only complaint: the chair seats were small and hard.  At the end of a long communal meal, I was squirming around, trying to get comfortable. For that, I'd take away half a star... but it still rounds up to a 5.Slightly higher pricing than average, but it was some of the best Chinese food I've had in awhile, so I'd say it's worth it.
Nice atmosphere and greeted by welcoming staff food was suburb staff very helpful in our order. Thumbs up
It's rare to find a Chinese restaurant in NYC that serves fresh food in a clean, modern space.  Hooray!  The cheeky contemporary play on communism with the red star decor, and unisex bathroom is great fun.  Definitely going into my rotation now.  Thanks Uncle Ted!
Awesome modern Chinese Cuisines ! I've been ordering and eating here for years . They where Suzie's before Ted's and they make the Best General Tso's Chicken in NYC
Have not had such good Chines food since Canton closed. Uncle Ted's fresh ingredients and culinary skills beat out all Chinese restaurants in the city. The food is not too oily, starchy or overly sauced. The tofu is prepared perfectly, almost the texture of perfectly prepared mushrooms. Flavorful, interesting and prepared perfectly is how I would describe each of the many dishes our party of 8 enjoyed.
Is this place new? Or do people just not know about it? Because it is one of the most reasonably price, yummiest food places in the area, and it was so empty! We got the Vegetable Shui Mai and the Vegetarian Chicken. Both were so good! The sauce on the Vegetarian Chicken was too tangy for my friend's taste, but I loved it. It was more sweet and sour than spicy. The prices are reasonable, and they keep lemons in their water so it tastes refreshing.My only caveat is that the waiter didn't seem 100% informed. She was a sweetheart, but when we asked if certain things were vegetarian, she had to go ask. It wasn't a big deal, and it took all of 2 seconds, but it may be something that annoys people. There is a bit of a language barrier, too, but it worked itself out. Go here if you're in the area!
I am reviewing my experience getting take outDelicious!  I ordered the Chicken and Eggplant lunch special,  Friendly staff and food that was not too sweet, not too salty, not too greasy, just right.  For an $8 lunch special so close to NYU, I will definitely be coming back!
Uncle Ted asked for another chance and we gave it to him.He did not let us down. Everything was great which it had been for well over a year when the mini slump occured.Chicken noodle soup back to outstanding.Dumplings fantasticthe sausage with fried rice egg great.We appreciate that Uncle Ted took the time to respond when he read the comments.
Really enjoyed out. Friendly staff, clean and modern. Not your usual Chinese restaurant. Great food.
We were in the city last night just having a relaxing day in the city. It came time for dinner  there are soo many in the Village to choose from. This place looked clean  had a lot of people in it. The staff was great! Very friendly  attentive! Now the menu had all the regular Chinese restaurant  dishes  some interesting ones! The braised duck dumplings were great! They even tailored the spiceness of the dish to our request! Great place, will definitely go back! Prices were also good! Too bad it is not closer to my house!
I went there last night w/ a friend for the 1st time. We were passing by and it looked inviting and modern. We had great service and the food overall was really, really good! I ordered the curry chicken and wonton soup, which were both really good. My friend ordered the garlic chicken, and that was really good! I'll definitely be back!
Just your usual Chinese food. The prices are reasonable for this area.
I recently had a date night at Uncle Ted's and I loved it! The decor was clean, simple, and modern which was refreshing compared to traditional Chinese restaurants. The food was excellent. The selection was great with many seafood, meat, and vegetarian dishes. They even had an option to create your own dish. I tried the spicy pork dumplings, braised beef brisket with spinach and the prawns in grand marnier sauce. The food was fresh, flavorful and not at all greasy. I would definitely recommend both dishes. The servers were kind, attentive and even though the restaurant was packed, our meals came out quickly. I'll definitely be visiting Uncle Ted's again sometime.
Favorite Chinese food in Soho.  Only had delivery.  Love the thick dough on the pork dumplings!
It's hard to find such good and healthy Chinese food in New York! The veggies and the fish is above average and the fried rice is definitely a must get filler
Great chinese, food and nice athmosphere. We had dim sum to share as a starter and they were awesome.
The best Chinese place in the village. Fresh, non greasy, non processed food. Full of flavor! Wings were yum. Sweet n sour chicken, beef n broccoli, general chicken were all divine. I've been back twice- will be back many more!
Just went yesterday and had the Salmon Steak with Ginger Scallion sauce. The fish was perfectly cooked, nice and crisp on the outside while tender and juicy on the inside. The sauce had a great zing and just the right amount of salt. Place was clean and staff was attentive, my water glass was never low. Will definitely be going back.
Came here for lunch and the prices were very good. With a Yelp check-in, you get a free order of Szechuan dumplings so definitely take advantage of that. Those were actually my favorite items of the meal. They were sweet and had a nice kick to them and also had a good texture to the wrapper. For our main courses, we got the pork chop peking style with white rice and the shrimp lo mein lunch specials, both with hot and sour soup. The hot and sour soup was tasty but a bit too jelly-like and could have been served hotter since it was almost lukewarm (which probably caused the broth to gelatinize). The shrimp lo mein was a bit bland but was helped with some of the sauce from both the dumplings and the pork chops. The pork chop meat was quite tender and flavorful, however there was way too much sauce. The sauce was super sweet and having too much of it really overpowered the dish. There wasn't enough white rice to absorb the sauce and tone down the sweetness, so a lighter hand would have been best when serving the sauce. Prices were very reasonable though and portions are a good size. Service could have been a bit more attentive, but I would definitely recommend if you need a quick Chinese meal over by NYU.
Pretty good. They have a great selection of food and drinks. The service was really good as well. My only complaint is that it was a tad pricey. For other types of food this wouldn't have been a problem but I'm sure I could find comparable Chinese food for cheaper prices in NYC.
First Chinese in NYC. Great and good value. Nice server. But I think the bus boy was sick as the waiter asked him loud enough for us to hear "are you feeling better today?" And he just said "ugh...". I could've gone without hearing that, but other than that the food was great, service was good, and the environment was cool.
Chelsea family looking to find good, healthy and high quality chinese food.  We love love Uncle Ted's.  Delivered fresh and so deliciously to our door on a weekend is a reason to love nyc.  Soup dumplings and chow fun and spare ribs - foodies have found chinese food - old school style with superior quality.  Perfect.
Uncle Teds has perpetuated my love of Chinese food. And not only that...they've raised my standard! The food is phenomenal, fresh and tasty! It's a great upscale-casual place to have dinner. If you love Chinese food, look no further. I
Bland, microwave dinner sort of lunch. Maybe a bad dish (sezchuan beef)Would not recommend this place by a long shot.
Really elegant atmosphere! Fantastic service, reasonable prices  delicious Chinese cuisine.
Ordered take out - food was great. Definitely more modern Chinese, but it was very flavorful and the meat was good quality. Lettuce wrap were delicious, although a little too much celery for my taste. The Szechuan Noodles are great - bit of a curry flavor going on and lots of different meats/seafood.
Best chinese food I have had in the city!  Great, very clean, modern dining room.  Fresh food, perfect service!  We stumbled upon this gem after a comedy show, and now will become regulars.  It is hard to find a nice dine-in Chinese restaurant in the city that isn't sketchy.  This place is a clean, and good as it gets!
UNCLE TED has the BEST seabass!! They also serve amazing DIM SUM and have very interesting tasty cocktails
My friend and I have been going here every weekend! They have very quick service, food is good and the place also looks great and their prices are really low! What more can you ask for? I've been trying out different items on their lunch menu every week and haven't been disappointed at all!
So happy to have this spot back open in the village.    It used to be Suzy's for decades.   Now it seem the chef  some of the original staff are back as Uncle Ted's.    Overall really damn good !     Nice people,   good food,  fast delivery !      Favorite include Hunan Beef, Chicken w/string beans, Honey spare ribs , etc.   Plenty of fresh vegetables in their dishes which I like!
Great Chinese place in the west village! Thumbs up on the dumplings and the Kung pao chicken!
So excited to have great Chinese food back in the Village as well under the management of the charming Uncle Ted. The dishes I've tried so far have all been delicious--the Pan Seared Salmon was PERFECTLY cooked, the dim sum (all hand made by a special dim sum chef) are delicate and divine, and it's great to have a plate of crispy, tasty vegetables back in the neighborhood. The decor is now completed revamped and modernized. The service is great, as they brought back a lot of the former staff. I look forward to going back to try every dish on the menu!
I tried Uncle Ted's for dinner and it was amazing! Everything from the tofu to the salmon to the vegetables- so good. I especially liked the atmosphere. Uncle Ted was so nice and the whole place was clean and modern. But in the end it's all about the food which was very good- fresh, flavorful, and not greasy. Can't wait to try Uncle Ted's dim sum next time!
It's modern decor but the food is your standard Chinese grub. The presentation is nice and modern.
For American Chinese take out, it's pretty much what you would expect. The ambience is nice but the food is way too oily.
the food was great! my girlfriend wanted to try this place out after her friends had told her they had a great dining experience there. the food was indeed very good and of all the things we ordered, i didn't dislike not one.the reason i only gave three stars is because our drinks were terrible! both mine and my girlfriends drinks tasting nothing like they should have, and we barely tasted the liquor.  when it comes to peoples money, they should at least have someone who knows simple drinks but then again who expects to go to a Chinese food restaurant and have great drinks anyways. therefor they lost 2 starsgo for the food!! AS FOR THE BAR... AVOID AVOID AVOID!
I used to go to this place when it was Suzie's and was very pleasantly surprised at Uncle Ted's. The food was good. The service was good. My only complaint was with the choose your own dish where you make your own entree. I ordered shrimp with my veggies and was only given 3 shrimp. The old restaurant would have never done that! I have yet to order delivery from them but am anxious to do so. The food isn't greasy and left me wanting more! That's a good sign of a good restaurant!
Awesome Chinese. The noodles were cooked to perfection. Will definitely come back
I really wanted to like this place--I'd been a little partial to its predecessor, Suzy's--and the first few times I ate at Uncle Ted's were pleasant enough, albeit with confused service. But lately I have had infuriating experiences.    Two weeks ago, one of the apps I ordered was shrimp toast. Usually this looks like small slices of deep-fried toast with a thick coating of shrimp and shrimp paste; but what was served to me looked more like dim sum shrimp balls. That's okay, I thought. What could shape matter? But it did matter. Traditional shrimp toast, as described above, contains a layer of shrimp paste that's an eighth to a quarter of an inch deep.  Though the coating is crisp-fried, this paste remains slightly goopy. But that's okay because it blends with the crispness of the rest of the dish. However, this unfortunate dish--being an inch and a half in diameter--was disgustingly undercooked. It was like biting into a raw doughnut or cake slice.    So I pointed this out. You would think once was enough, but I had to explain it at least three times to waiter, head waiter and manager. Its replacement didn't arrive until my entree was half-eaten. The chef had simply reheated it. It was Not a replacement, and it was still a blob of uncooked paste inside. I decided that I would avoid the place in the future, since the experience told me that the chef had an attitude--maybe because it was busy at the time, which is no excuse--and that the staff was powerless over the kitchen.    Yesterday--December 20--I tried to find a seat at one of the great pizza restaurants near or along Bleecker, but that proved futile. It was Friday night--everything was packed, with lines. And I was hungry.    Never go out looking to eat on a weekend when you're hungry!    My stomach reminded me that Uncle Ted's never seemed too crowded at any time of the week. So I walked in...and then I remembered. And there they all were, a confused gaggle of waiters half-doing their jobs, taking forever to simply set you up. I was still willing to give them a pass: they're new. It takes a while to train a staff. But, upon looking around and comparing the crowd seated there this weekend night to the earlier ones, I gathered that the restaurant's problems had already seriously cost them customers. The place was only half full .   And then I ordered. To make things simple, I ordered a roast pork egg roll and sub gum lo mein. I could have ordered the alternate egg roll choice, a veggie egg roll with pickled veggies, but I was feeling red-meatish.  A short while later, the egg roll arrived, neatly cut in half. I called the waiter over.   "I ordered a roast pork egg roll--this is all vegetable." It was a simple enough mistake, I thought for a second there. Then I remembered that their veggie egg roll app came with two egg rolls. This was half a veggie order.   The guy looked perplexed and then launched into an excuse, telling me that the itsy-bitsy red things in the veggies was roast pork. I said that they were pickled shredded carrots. So he gave up making his excuse for the chef, who'd obviously run out of pork egg rolls, and then the head waiter came along and I told him the same thing and he halfheartedly repeated the same lie.    Finally, when the manager came over to advance the same argument I was armed for bear.   I did not tell him that I had a dim sum catering service in the late 80s, nor that I taught cuisine, nor that I was hired as a consultant on dim sum for the Light Group--none of these things. But with my accumulated knowledge on hand, I was ready to have him bring me one of those spurious "roast pork" egg rolls so that I could pick it apart in his presence...but by this time the guy could see that I was someone to whom he could not sell shit as Shinola, and he became very apologetic. He asked if I wanted another app, that he would comp it, etc. But I just brushed him off and refused him. He and his staff and his kitchen had tried to pawn off a replacement, which probably meant that they were out of what I ordered. That is nothing less than fraud. If these managers at Uncle Ted don't get their act together soon, the Village will be less one more Chinese restaurant
Went to Uncle Te's tonight for dinner with a party of 12..  The food was great, the service was great, the decor was great..
Uncle Ted is a splendid Chinese cuisine of elegance. The setting is comfortable, and the food is delectable. I was not disappointed, but there is one small detail that I would like to point out that may be helpful towards new arriving customers when asking for service. Long story short, I had a little dinner date with my friend during the evening. I understand the restaurant is closing soon when my friend and I arrived, but the staff members still serviced us gratefully except for one member who I believe his name is Eddie, which is unfortunately the same as mine. Just speaking the fact of what actually occurred, my friend and I are seated and ordered already. While waiting for our meal, the closing time has technically passed, but all the staff members stayed later to service all the leftover customers, because the night was still quite busy. However, I noticed how Eddie just left without a slightest sense of obligation. My friend raised her hand with her cup in hand as a gesture signaling for a refill of water towards him, but he just ignored her and walked passed her as he continued to head towards the exit. I do not know whether he did not notice her or if he really did choose to ignore her, but I do know that he is only concern about himself as I witnessed how he waves at his coworkers goodbye when they coworkers are still working busily. He displays irresponsible and questionable character as he announces, "This is not even your restaurant, so why be concern about all the leftover customers when closing time has already passed? Go home!" As an American citizen who has been taught about the social responsibilities that can bring forth positive impact towards the workplace, marketplace, and the surrounding communities, I can not simply overlook the behavior of the staff name Eddie in Uncle Ted's. This has happened a couple of months ago, and I wanted to let it slide when I happened to venture pass Uncle Ted's again recently. I went in for a quick lunch and saw how staff Eddie was lazing around while his coworkers were dashing all over the restaurant during rush hours. I bear no hard feelings towards him, but upholding a critical and self-aware attitude, the 3 stars I have given reflects on how the well-established quality of a restaurant can be soiled by the uncooperative behavior of one staff member like in the instance occurred in Uncle Ted's. Thank you.
Uncle Ted's is a great new addition to the area.  The restaurant has a very cool design and atmosphere and is fun to go to.  I'm also very happy they deliver and have a good sized delivery zone.  So far, I've loved for apps and dim sum:  Tofu Nuggets in Garlic Sauce, Calamari, Hot and Sour Soup, Vegetable Shui Mai (they make it themselves - fresh and delicious!), and Edamame and Watercress Dumplings.  I don't eat meat, but for the few times I've gone, my company has always seemed very happy with their dishes.  I am a huge fan of both salmon dishes, the sauteed string beans, and am eager to try the Vegetarian General Tso's Chicken.  For dessert, while the Mochi is delicious and will please anyone, my boyfriend and I tried the sticky rice pudding for a change, which is incredible - I highly recommend it!  The restaurant has a good selection of drinks, and I noticed they added a cocktail list, which I will have to try.
amazing!  have only had take-out from here and it's superb!  better than the original suzie's.  hope they stay forever!
Amazing venue. They give a lot of food, you can definitely share with a friend. The vibes is very calm and it's such a classy/casual setting!
Beyond amazing American Chinese food. You will not be disappointed. We shared the general tsos chicken and pork ribs. Everything tasted fresh and well seasoned. The sauce was thick in the best way. Also the hot and sour soup was amazing. Great quality wine for only $7. Highly highly highly recommended
Stopped in for a quick bite, grabbed some wings and dumplings. Both were very good. Also tried the Chicken Corn Chowder, quite the tasty bowlful. Good friendly service, definitely be back!
Randomly chose to try this restaurant when my younger brother was in town and have been going back ever since! The food is great and fresh, the restaurant is very clean and well decorated and the staff is very friendly! Also prices are a steal for NYC (meals average from 11-15) and the portions are huge! Would definitely recommend.
Loved their pork soup dumplings (steaming, meaty, succulent) and sauteed baby bok-choy (fresh, perfectly salted  oiled). The braised beef brisket and tendon was solid, but didn't include any tendon which was disappointing. It's also what they serve when you order "Szechuan Spicy Beef" on their lunch special. The pork dumplings in spicy sauce weren't so much spicy as sweet.
Not sure what the big deal is. Tasted like very standard Chinese food, not special at all. Will say that lunch was a good value at $10 for entree, soup and fried rice.
Very good service. The waiters were constantly refilling my water and the food came very quickly as well. Really good price for lunch hours as well.
After seeing the reviews for this place I have to say I was pretty disappointed. I placed an order online using their website and when I got to the store they hadn't yet received it. I can't say I was too surprised, nor was I that upset about, just something I thought I'd mention. So after placing my order again in the restaraunt the food was ready in about 10 minutes.I ordered the Prawns (shrimp) with lobster sauce and the Honey Glazed spare ribs, two of my favorite Chinese Food staples. It was $30 total a bit on the expensive side but not incredibly overpriced, and it was a decent amount of food.I started first with the spare ribs, they were delicious, the meat stuck to the bone the perfect amount, the sauce was sweet, absolutely perfect! I have to say I was pretty excited. Then came the Shrimp and Lobster Sauce and everything came crashing back to earth. The sauce was bland, the few shrimp that were in there were kind of chewy and lacking any real flavor. there were chunks of egg that looked like they hadn't been properly whisked into the sauce. truly disappointing. I wavered on this place between a 2 and 3 star, but given it's high rating I felt a 2 was more appropriate. Unlikely I'd ever go here again.TL;DR it's possible i had an off meal, good ribs, bland prawns and lobster sauce, chewy shrimp, online ordering didn't work, friendly and helpful staff.
Decent American-style Chinese food in a modern setting. Prices are reasonable for the neighborhood. General Tso's chicken and blistered green beans provided good portion sizes. Only came with a pint-size contained of rice.
We found Uncle Ted's while looking for a place to eat near Washington Square. Great food and attentive service in a relaxed environment. We didn't order anything too adventurous (just favorites like General Tso's Chicken, Mu Shu Pork and Orange Crispy Beef) but every dish seemed special due to quality ingredients like tender cuts of meat, fresh vegetables and perfectly flavored sauces. We especially liked the way the beef was prepared- thick slabs of flavorful, tender steak with a crispy coating and just the right amount of tangy/sweet orange sauce to keep the last bite as crispy as the first. We called it a Chinese version of chicken fried steak! What a lucky find Uncle Ted's was for us, it's definitely a place we will visit again.
I ordered spicy Szechuan beef over rice for lunch and am very disappointed at the dish I got. On the menu it has a spicy symbol for this dish. However it is NOT spicy AT ALL. What was worse the beef is too sweet. It was like the chef poured a ton of sugar on it. We asked the waitress and she told us that the menu wasn't updated. This is totally not a valid execute. How can you not update your menu and provide the most accurate description of your dish? This is totally unacceptable. Even if you cannot afford to print new menus, you can either remove that spicy symbol or let the waitress tell us ahead of time. I will never come back. Would not recommend eating at this place.
Came here with high expectation. Food and service were both below par. The food: we ordered across the menu and got a few dumplings and soup. The soup wasn't bad but the dumplings were average. No soy sauce provided. The chili oil provided wasn't good either. The entree size was big but again very bland. The server was pretty average. Not inviting and felt like they weren't having a good day. A bad mood is contagious. Didn't feel like they cared. Likely not returning or ordering in.
This place is great! I don't get the complaints about price: the portions are huge. Maybe it's just takeout but the fried rice is amazing and could feed four. Same with the sesame chicken. Also ordered the pan fried pork dumplings and omg some of the best. I was full after those! Also got a wonton soup that I can't imagine opening after the fried rice. It was like 10 lbs. of food all together and it looks like I've barely scratched the surface. I think the total was over $30 for everything, but it could last for days. A great find!
Really enjoyed my dinner at uncle teds. The boyfriend I came in around 9 on a Saturday night, no wait which was nice. Started off with a glass of wine and the ginseng tini. The tini was refreshing with lychee fruit garnish. We hadnt eaten much all day so went a little crazy on the food, don't judge. We started off with some apps- the free spicy pork dumplings (yelp checkin!) scallion pancakes and rock shrimp. Generous portions served hot and fresh. My bf loved the rock shrimp and the spicy mayo type sauce the shrimp was covered in. For our meals we got an order of general tsos chicken, Hunan beef and veggie fried rice. This was probably the best general tsos chicken I've had in the city so far. My bf only orders that so trust that I've had quite a few general tsos. Also, the fried rice was super tasty and seasoned really well. The service was spot on with water glasses kept full and fresh plates for apps and entrees. Plan to come back again or get some delivery.
Best Chinese food I've had since being in the city! It's a quiet little place with great service and great food, and the portions are huge for the price you pay! Will be back again!
A really good , fun and inexpensive Chinese option in Greenwich village. I've been here at least 10 times and both food and service has always been great.  The best dishes are definitely the dumplings from the dinner menu, but their lunch special is also great and gives you a chance to enjoy a lunch in the 'hip' part of the village but in LES/Chinatown prices! Pro tips: if you are going for dinner, get the braised duck dumpling they are a MUST! If lunch, I always get the steamed vegetables and tofu (a desperate attempt to stay health haha) but my boyfriend gets the sesame beef which is really tasty (and then I eat his dish and leave him with the boring veggies #win). Also the miso soup that comes at lunch has mushrooms which makes him more interesting than the normal miso. Go and enjoy! :)
This was my first visit to the actual restaurant, after ordering take out a bunch of time. This is my go to take out place and the actual restaurant did not disappoint. Lunch specials are reasonably priced and the service is reasonably attentive and quick. Free dumplings for checking in was also nice. Dinner prices seem a bit much, but so it goes.
An elegant and flavorful place to spark some dopamine emissions. You might not gravitate towards cold sesame noodles and dumplings in "the spicy sauce" the I did. There are plenty of other options. Though if you should trod my route, you'll likely share in my 4 star thanks. I'll be back for more dim sum soonz.
Uncle Ted's is my neighborhood favorite Chinese cuisine. It's clean, nice service and has cocktails for the Greenwich Village area. Been here several times with friends doing the family style meals. What stood out:1) Spicy pork dumplings2) Rock Shrimp3) Shrimp crispy pan fried noodles4) Beef with Chinese broccoli5) Sweet  sour chickenA nice place to have Chinese food when you don't feel like going to Chinatown.
You normally don't expect delicious Chinese food outside the ctowns. Place appears to be the typical westernized Chinese food.  But,  Amazingly, very delicious beef noodles soup,  it is the best in town! Has been hrs and im not super thirsty.  I would go back just for the beef noodles. My frds also love all the different dumplings they have. Very clean establishment,  clean bathrooms, which are rare in Chinese restaurants. Will need to return in future to try the dinner dishes. .
The best Chinese food we have had in the city by any means. We travel a lot and hubby is Asian so we love Asian food this place is great. Large for NYC standards. The food is fresh and flavor is great !The fried rice is the best I have had in a long time. Friendly staff. Highly recommend.
This place had a strange vibe to me.  The food was decent...kind of a mix of home made and Americanized.  They offered a free appetizer for checking in which they honored, but they gave too much food.  The portions of the lunch special was huge too, so only go if you are starving.
I love Uncle Ted's! I wish they were open more days of the week. It is difficult to find a high-quality Chinese restaurant, with an enjoyable atmosphere for dining.The restaurant has a clean, modern feel. The seating is comfortable and spacious enough not to feel crowded in amongst other guests. I have never been here while the restaurant is filled to capacity, but they managed to seat me in an ideal spot while serving a group of 20+, which is impressive and something I appreciated.I'm very finicky when it comes to my cocktails. In all fairness, sometimes I'm overly critical of places and how they make their drinks. Uncle Ted's cocktails yield no complaints from me! They're generously strong and have a high-quality taste - you know, they don't use generic cranberry juice that has been sitting under the counter for a few months, like some places seem to.The food comes in generous portions. One thing that makes or breaks my vegetable fried rice is having scrambled egg in it. Uncle Ted's has that, and the rice is savory and flavorful - it's not the type of greasy fried rice that leaves your stomach in knots and causes you to waddle out of the restaurant at the end of the meal.One thing I love about the food is that when I order a dish that contains meat and vegetables, Uncle Ted's does NOT disguise one scoop of meat with five scoops of vegetables. Their meat and veggies are fairly balanced in portion, and are flavorful!Uncle Ted's is a bit more highly priced than typical Chinese food, but you get what you pay for. Not only am I getting much higher quality food, but I can sit down and enjoy it without the hospital-cafeteria feel that is so commonplace among Chinese-American restaurants. The staff is friendly, accommodating, and fast. They check on me frequently, but without being excessive about it. They always greet me, ask me how my food is (and it seems like they actually do care), and they never forget to thank me for coming!
A solid restaurant when you're craving some good ol' fashioned Americanized Chinese food.I came here on Christmas day with my boyfriend and cousin - we were 45 mins late for our reservation but fortunately, a table just cleared as soon as we came in (it got pretty busy an hour later...around 5PM, so reservation might be wise). We ordered the following:1. Scallion pancakes - good, but not outstanding2. Pan Fried Beef Dumplings - delicious!!3. Chicken with Garlic Sauce - pretty good, but not the best I ever had4. Hunan Beef - very good! I liked that they didn't skimp out on the meat; beef was flavorful and fortunately not chewy! 5. Shrimp Fried Rice - surprisingly very delicious and had plenty of shrimp - for 3 people, it was more than enough rice!The food was pretty plentiful for 3 people (we struggled to finish all the food at the end), but most definitely overpriced (Manhattan prices) - still, not a bad place to check out when you're craving some non-authentic Chinese food!
I had been fighting off a craving for Thai for a while when my family decided to order delivery from here. I felt like I was committing a crime for ordering Pad Thai from a Chinese restaurant, but there it was on the menu calling my name. I had never eaten at Uncle Ted's before and wasn't sure what to expect. I certainly didn't expect a portion of Pad Thai so big I could only eat a third of it! And it was delicious too! The rest of my family really enjoyed their Chinese food, so I guess next time I'll have to get some of that.The only bad thing was that the food was delivered half an hour late! We were all starving by the time the food finally got there.
This place honked. Crappy soup dumplings. If you want good soup dumplings go to Joes shanghai or nan Xiang in flushing. Scallion pancakes were crappy too. Crab Rangoon was just ok. Won't be back
If I lived here I would be a regular!  Bigger than it looks from the outside.  Very clean for sure.Had the spicy pork dumplings (free with check-in), General Tso's, and shrimp fried rice. The General Tso's was delicious.  Slightly crispy on the outside, not too sweet, and the chicken was good quality.  Fried rice, really great.  Not greasy, good flavor.  Dumplings also quite good.  Will definitely come back.
One of the best Chinese restaurant I have ever had! The beef and orange (can't remember the exact name!) is delicious, the wonton soup good too. The atmosphere is nice and the staff friendly.
One of the best Chinese food places I've ever ate at!!! I went here with my boyfriend for his birthday dinner. We ordered the sesame chicken, beef with broccoli, and veggie lo mein. Their portions are massive, big enough to share among 2 to 4 people! The service was really slow, it was a normal dinner rush and we were slightly ignored for a while, but the fact that the food was so great, I don't mind waiting a little longer to order it at all. After 10 mins we were able to order, and the food came almost right away. They have mini plates so you can share the food and it was very resourceful because that's exactly what we did. Really love this place and I can see it as one of my regular spots from now on. When we were paying he did mention that we didn't tip on the bill, and I just said we were tipping in cash because that's how we always prefer to tip. So make sure you tip (as you always should) because they do work very hard!
I used to come to Susie's at this location 30 ago, and through the years as I would visit New York. I was surprised and disappointed at first to know they were no longer here - however there is a backstory and the owners know the previous owners and have preserved some of the recipes on the menu, and have added others that are new. This place was outstanding and will be my new favorite Chinese in Greenwich Village for the next 30 years! Sitting at the bar was very enjoyable and the staff is very nice. Best moo shu pork on the planet.
I took my friend there because I had been there a few times before and the food was always good (notice I said the food). So we ordered from the RUDE waiter...and then we waited...and waited...I received my meal and my friend got his app... then we didn't see his meal for about 20-25 minutes...the table who was seated 10 minutes after us got their meal before we did...really? We asked 2 different waiters and they just nodded and seemed annoyed that we were disturbing them...the place wasn't busy at all. Finally after I was done with 90% of my meal-I had had enough...and my friend still hadn't received his food...I walked over to the woman who I thought was the manager. She did apologize she asked us if we wanted drinks...we said no...she asked maybe if we wanted dessert and we said we'll see...The food magically came out 2 seconds later after waiting 20-25 minutes for one dish. No apology from the RUDE waiters as he slammed down the plate, they weren't apologetic...because guess what, they don't care...After I spoke to the manager when the waiter came and filled my water glass...the waiter would slam my glass down on the table. So I guess he was angry that we complained about him.And don't ask for sweet and sour sauce or chili sauce...they look at you like you have just asked for the impossible or that they have to climb Mt. Everest to get it for you. So we decided we did not want dessert but the "manager" never came back to even offer it to us or see how our meal was...I think they should have at least comped us his meal...most decent places would have done this...but I guess this place is too GREEDY to offer that. I would strongly suggest you avoid this place...or just get take out...it may be less painful.
I've been at this place like 7-8 times. In my last two times I got very disappointed. I do NOT recommend this place for any occasions. Please do NOT waist your money and time here. Waiter who works there he is very rude and not educated. I think this place has to be closed from New York State department of licensure and health sanitation departments. When I was ordering my lunch (3 days ago) I told my waiter I want to have chicken with broccoli with little souse. With little souse please!After 3 minutes they brought to me my order with a lots of souse. Which greasy souse. I couldn't take it and I called waiter and asked this not what I ordered, I requested to make this plate but with little souse because last couple of times I had stomachache after the food. You know what waiter said? "this is little souse, we can't waist food because you don't wanna eat souse. Last time you ordered food and you said it was spicy, and this time too much souse? We can't do anything with that" I requested to call his manager and he went to manager and spoke to him like 5-10 minutes in their own language. After 10 minutes manager came to me and said the same thing what waiter said. If I'm going to order next time I need to ask them make this food souse on the side. And he took my plate and putted the same food to another plate and bring to me back as a "new dish". Everything was almost mixed. You can see it if you move the food to another plate. My order was horrible still. As last couple of times I had stomachache afterward :(I think this place is doesn't deserve to be A grade and having 4-5 stars on Yelp and Google. Health inspectors need to come and check this place. Or needs to be closed!
Yummmmy yummy in my tummy! Truly authentic cuisine despite the name! They make some mean lo me in and I love the beef and broccoli!
Good food with generous portions. They accommodated our request to order something slightly off menu (shrimp mu shoo).
This is a review based on my first experience. I ordered the "chicken with garlic sauce", it was excellent and it came with rice, the price was $13 for this. The portion was large which was rather satisfactory. The sauce that was contained in this order was very good actually. I'm only pulling off one star because the first time we had arrived here, the waiter we had was not the best and lacked patience. My friends were not pleased. Other than that, the food was great here, definitley willing to come here again. :)
I have been here 3 times and each time I'm impressed! Service is very friendly, in fact the owner recognized me on my last visit! Great food and a great energy. I will say I have only sat at the bar which I think my have helped with fast service, etc as I did read reviews complaining about slow service. The whole fish red snapper is a must with Uncle Teds fried rice! I'll be back!
Food was provided without utensils  napkins, but the Singapore Rice Noodles (normally $11.00, but via eatarcade pickup $9.35 + TAX..."This "mei fun" dish is a spicy, curried celebration of rice sticks, roast pork, plump shrimp and fresh veggies.") came as a substantial portion, albeit pretty greasy and forgettable.
Nice place, friendly staff and affordable dishes right smack in the middle of NYU area!!!
Best fried rice in the city! Staff is all very nice.
very disappointed, the food used to be good when it was Suzie's the delivery guys are very rude and they always ask more than 20%. otherwise they curse in their language. and also the manager does nothing, they don't treat their costumers nicely. the personnel is the worst. definitely needs improvement,  not going to order from this place anymore.
Great lunch special! The chicken I ordered used high quality meat and was very flavorful. I liked the decor inside too, and could see myself coming back for dinner. My only complaint was the service. Our waiter seemed angry that we were ordering off the lunch menu at 3pm (lunch ended at 3:30 and we weren't even given the lunch menus until asking for them), and one of our sides didn't come out until we'd finished eating completely, without an apology or single word. Pretty disappointing service but good food nonetheless.
So so for main course but good for dim sum. Not the best for dim sum but not a bad alternative if you can't make it out to Chinatown. Not the cheapest but pricing is okay.
Delivery man was rude and grunted when I asked for change(I was going to continue to tip him, and I did) but I guess he assumed I wanted to keep it all.
Excellent renditions of American Chinese classics.  Please don't ever take the dried sautéed chow fun off the menu!  Delivery was faster than expected and portions large.  It seems like so many of the other local Chinese places have gone downhill; very glad to have Uncle Ted's nearby!
Went Saturday night and have no complaints! Service and food was very good! Everything came out fast and hot.
Came here last night for Chinese New Year! Shared a bunch of dishes with my friends family-style and everything was delicious - we got the crystal dumplings, pork steamed dumplings, baby bok choy, beef and broccoli, chicken and mixed vegetables, and the young chow fried rice. All I also liked that none of the food gave me that MSG-coma that Chinatown restaurants seem to give me AND it was super affordable! With drinks it came out to about $30 per person Would recommend for some good, decent Chinese food
I went for dim Sum this morning bc I didn't  feel like going to Chinatown. The fried rice with Chinese sausage was good but doesn't need to be spicy, the soup dumplings all stick to the basket so all the juice was lost. They could be smaller and fresher looking - Disappointed they were not juicier. The pork buns barely has any pork in it and was all white. Only two per order too - it's mostly dough. Try baking them like in Chinatown so the skin turns golden Brown. The beef chow fun was very very glutenous - wish the beef was cut up smaller rather than large chunks. Wish there were some crispy light flaky spring rolls too and fried taro. Do not order the edamame dumplings. It definitely satisfied my craving, has tons of potential but it could use some improvement. The atmosphere and staff were great.
Classic chinese-american food. Greasy but in the best way. Entrees are definitely shareable.Fried beef dumplings are the best! Sesame chicken is fried perfectly, comes with a hefty serving of broccoli and plenty of extra sauce at the bottom,Lo mein comes with plenty of veggies.
Came in here on a random Saturday with my girlfriend. We heard people leaving the restaurant that it was amazing and decided to give it a try. We were overwhelmingly pleased. The food is legitimately amazing. My chicken was all white meat. My girlfriends beef was incredibly tender. Just wonderful food. I would recommend this to eveyone
Great service and cute decor. We enjoyed the spicy dumpling appetizer and my roommate enjoyed the shrimp in lobster sauce. Down a star because the spicy beef noodles were just ok. The beef was very tender but the broth had no flavor. I'll definitely be giving them another shot because they're in the neighborhood.
Well this place was awesome.Super tasty food. Service wth a quickness.Beef l'orange was really good and the cauliflower in chili was super spicy!
I went here for the lunch special... Place is relaxing, ESPN on the big screen (Huge plus) but the food was bland. I ordered the sweet and sour chicken with brown rice and miso soup. The soup was great but the chicken was extremely underwhelming..
I love Uncle Ted's! The BEST soup dumplings!
I came here about two weeks ago for my cousins birthday. It was just he and I on a quiet night where the place was still pretty sparse around 6pm (Thursday I believe). We started out with two drinks after being seated which were admittedly good.After being asked several times in the span of ten minutes if we were ready to order we ended up leaving. We felt extremely pressured to order even though we hadn't yet had time to look at the menu and were trying to enjoy ourselves with one or two rounds of drinks before getting into dinner. Even after letting our sever know to give us 5-10 minutes to take a look at the menu and that we'd like to have another round of drinks before we ordered, we still got harassed twice more to order. I was pretty excited to try the food but feeling like we were being super rushed put a bad taste in our mouth and we ended up leaving to go uptown to another spot we enjoy.Maybe we'll try it again in a few months but some feedback - when we've already ordered drinks and are clearly catching up and asking for some time to order let us have that.
Best General Tsos tofu I've had yet.  This place is TO DIE FOR!  I am in LOVE   lunch specials are amazing too!
I am so happy to stumble across this restaurant I don't usually eat Chinese food.  The meal was awesome, I had the lunch portion of the vegetables in brown sauce.  The sauce was not heavy at all and all the vegetables where crunchy.  I am partially writing this review so when I am back home in NYC I can remember to go to this place again
Great Chinese food! We order the crispy duck with  chow fun, sweet and sour pineapple chicken, beef fried rice and chicken corn soup. Good flavor, very fresh and portions are very generous. We were 2 people, but the portions were good for 4 easily.
First off I'd like to say, thanks Serena and Uncle Ted for the great hospitality. My girlfriend and I visited Uncles Teds a few months back. We wanted to watch the Raptors playoff game so we decided to sit at the bar. Serena was our server and she treated us great! The food was amazing at Uncle Teds but the customer service was top notch! Uncle Ted and Serena thanks again for everything and enjoy your time in Toronto. Stick to the dumplings and you won't be disappointed. Daniel/Alana
Too expensive for what you getPlus they demand a big tipFood is ok but service slow and thenThey tell you, more tip!!Better tAke out places and you'll save a bundle !I believe that the tip is based on serviceAnd though the bill showed Amts 15%,18%, 20% it's onlyA suggestion. The food we had Duck and salmon took over 1/2 hourWhile I saw the cooks outside the Restaurant smoking and talking...whileWe were hungry waiting for the food!!!It's just not right to abuse the customer!Then me the woman used MY credit Card and the waiter addressed the man when CLEARLY I was paying, saying we didn't leave enough tip!!$10 for 2 on poor service is even TooMuch. The waiter should NOT demand 20%And besides NOT even speak to the lady who is paying!!! Soo rude to not assess The situation plus my credit card has MYPhoto on it, so it doesn't even look like The man. The man in our culture isn't Always the payer!!!
I think this is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants..  Use good meat,  great sauces,  so good!
Came here with friends to catch up.When you first enter, the first thing you notice is the space! Especially when compared to asian cuisine eateries in the area, despite having plenty of fellow eaters, everything feels very spacious. We were seated quickly, and ordered within minutes. Service was friendly and prompt.On a whim, I ordered the crab rangoon for an appetizer. It was a little pricey for the portion, but very well done. The dough was just the right balance of crispy and light, not too oily. The filling tasted cheesy and fresh, with a very pleasant crab flavor carrying it.As a side note, since I ordered the rangoon (eaten proudly w/ hands), I made a trip to the bathroom for some handwashing. Wow! The bathrooms are not only really well maintained (i.e. clean, comfortable, well stocked) but also well designed. We collectively seemed to agree that the entrees (fried rice, general tso's, chicken, etc.) were decent in quality. Yes this place is a bit pricey, but it's well worth it if you're looking for the kind of ambiance and food quality offered here.
Just look at how many Chinese eating in this restaurant then you will know why I give 1 star. Food was horrible!
Came here with a friend for dinner around 8pm and there was no wait. This place was decent for Chinese food. The place was decorated nicely with a modern feel. Not your typical Chinese restaurant. The place probably is geared towards Americanized chinese food since the people who go hear aren't typically Asian. All the waiters speak Chinese (I think - I felt like they didn't want to though). I would probably classify it as a more upscale restaurant - pricey for Chinese food. We got the duck dumplings, bok choy with garlic, and braised beef and tendon with spinach. I would have liked the beef to be a little more tender, but all pretty good.
I am amazed at all of the 5 star reviews for Uncle Ted's. It seems this place has gone downhill. I ordered from their diet menu (probably my first mistake, but girl's gotta watch her waistline, yano?). I used their check-in offer for pork dumplings, which they wouldn't substitute for vegetarian or chicken dumplings, even though I explained I am a poulitarian (vegetarian + chicken). The service was absent and submissive. Even when serving the food, the wait staff avoided eye contact and put the food in front of the empty seats next to us instead of directly in front of us.The steamed chicken and vegetables came out overdone; The chicken was stringy and rubberized and the vegetables didn't taste right either. Even the sauce didn't help make this dish better. The waiter was no where to be found during most of our meal, being that we were one of the last people in the restaurant.After I eventually had to flag down a manager for the check, she did ask about my meal (since it hadn't disappeared and I definitely look like a food magician). I let her know there was something off about it and she pulled the chicken apart with her hands right in front of me and agreed that it had been overcooked and was rubbery.  She offered to get me something else or have the staff remake it but I didn't want to wait so instead she did take off 5$ from the meal, which was courteous.My boyfriend got the spicy beef soup which he really liked. And he also liked the pork dumplings. So I guess he might be back if he wants to deal with poor service, but he might have to find a different girl to go with.
Amazing food. We came in (6 of us) soaked from a random rain storm  they treated us fine. The waiter and service was great  very helpful. THE FOOD IS DELICIOUS! Im vegetarian so i got the veggie chow mei fun, it was so well seasoned. And to top it, the portion size is huge so totally worth every cent (its not too expensive either considering it's the city)
Typical Chinese-American like place. Large portions. Good to go if you are around Washington Sq park area.
Great Chinese restaurant. It's my second time eating here and the food is excellent. One of if not my favorite Chinese restaurant. Great tasting food and reasonably priced dishes. Their dumplings and main courses are equally delicious.
Such a horrible experience, I wouldn't EVER order there again. I'm a little under the weather so I call to order an egg drop soup, white rice, a ginger ale, and a bottle of water. (pretty much necessities when you aren't feeling too well) I was really looking forward to trying this place for the first time and they disappointed me. The delivery driver was so rude, I'm appalled. He calls me when he's outside and tells me to come out, I go outside and there's no one there. I was outside in the freezing cold for maybe 4 minutes just waiting. I then came inside and called him and asked him where was he? He then yells at me and tells me to come outside and that he can't find the address. Mind you I have a headache, and he's screaming in my ear. I made myself crystal clear upon placing my order, I was so frustrated and felt disrespected I simply hung up, called the restaurant, and canceled my order. A complete disaster. Never again. I didn't even get to to try the food. Such horrible customer service.
Okay NYC Chinese food, but Bleeker ain't Chinatown. Ever since Charlie Mom restaurant on 6th Ave closed I use this for delivery only. I don't think dining in is bad, just not anything interesting. I will say good location, good for vegetarian and healthy options too. Good service. I'd revisit. I don't want to get on the list. No name names! Excellent service! *Beware the Yelp coupon deal requires a dine-in order and the receipt won't reflect the free offer until you ask a second time. That won't win me over.  The dumplings were good however.  Sweet and sour soup neither sweet nor sour.
Fast and delicious! I had a hankering for that numbing pepper, and low and behold, they had a three pepper chicken that stung perfectly, as well as a dumpling appetizer upon check in.  Great service.
So disappointed! I have ordered from here plenty of times before and have never had any issue. I know it's New York and you're bound to find something nasty even from five star restaurants. But the following is absolutely disgusting... Today I ordered the chicken and broccoli lunch special. I was just about to serve some on a plate to share with my niece when I found a roach! I was so disgusted. The roach was with the chicken and broccoli, completely cooked. I called the restaurant and was told it was a "mistake." A mistake is giving me the wrong order, not adding cooked roaches to my food. The only positive was that I did receive a full refund. Will not ordering from here again.
Great meal - super fresh - uses chicken breast not thigh meat - egg rolls are wonderful!  Highly recommend it!
I love this place. The people are so nice and the food is really great. I've been here several times, and I always order something new, and with no disappointment. I like spicy food, while most of my friends doesn't even though we order the same dish, they always manage to make it just the way each of us like. I really like the interior as well and the atmosphere is great. I'm already looking forward to be going back. Oh, and the price is good too.
My wife and I went to Uncle Ted's last night and it did not disappoint.  The restaurant was busy, but it was easier to get seated for at table for two.  We ordered the pan fried dumplings which were tasty and the sauce was perfect.  I ordered the chicken w/broccoli which was perfect.  Usually, there is too much oil, but it was the right amount here.  My wife ordered the dried sauteed chow fun. She is not a big eater, but was able to finish the entire dish.  The decor was modern and the best part, the owner, Uncle Ted makes sure everyone is satisfied.  He came to the table to introduce himself and was extremely friendly.  I always enjoy restaurants where the owners make their customers a priority.  Would definitely recommend this place!
One thing you pretty much know about New York. Everything costs more and prepare to get a wallop on your wallet.Which makes Uncle Ted's quite a surprise. Most dishes are under 10 bucks and the lunch specials (which come with soup) are around 9 bucks.So you think at this point, the food is like a Panda Express and the decor is awful, right?Wrong.It's actually pretty modern with a tasteful decor. Bar in front and for some strange reason, big band music in the background. Yep, Sinatra and Benny Goodman in the background in a Chinese restaurant. Only in New York?Started with Won Ton Soup. Just as classic cup of broth and a couple of chewy won tons that tasted great. After that, the Shrimp Lo Mein which was pretty much what you'd expect. If anything, I'd like a larger portion, but again, I know they want to keep the prices low. Maybe they should offer a larger portion for a few more bucks.You definitely can't go too wrong checking this place out. Especially if you're traveling to New York on a tight budget.
food was fast, sevice great. super large portions: one meal 11$ = three leftover meals!
Some of the worst food I've had in all of NY. Been traveling to Manhattan for work for the past 4 months so I've been eating out every night trying new places. This was one of the worst places I've been. I ordered the sesame chicken. Chicken pieces actually seemed high quality but it was inside a thick, soggy breading and covered in a goopy, fake-tasting sesame sauce. I would not recommend.
Of all the Chinese cuisine available to the population in New York City, this location provides the most authentic, flavorful, and portion appropriate meal that Ive ever had the pleasure of experiencing in my NYC Chinese dining experiences. The pricing is incredibly reasonable, the atmosphere is quiet, calm and creates a sense of peace. There's a large variety of music played in their system and their service is particularly good. Their eggplant lunch combo in garlic sauce is simply amazing. Simply vegan alternatives are also available on the menu with a little tweaking. The friends we were with exclaimed as we were exiting, "Ah! We are back in New York." Seems like a great escape! Would recommend this over and over.
Always fresh.  Without a doubt one of my favorite restaurants in Greenwich Village.Super clean and very tasty food with generous portions keep me coming back over and over again.
*THEY DO USE MSG*I love love love the food here. I love the service. I love the ambience what feels like an upscale version of my favorite Chinese foods at reasonable (for west village) prices. Just take note that they do use MSG. I got super thirsty after eating their food and called just to check with the staff, and they confirmed it.
Loved the decor of this place super cute and modern! Their lunch specials are so cheap its amazing and you get so much food I always have leftovers for dinner. really great food for a great price and amazing service highly recommend.
I was so excited to find out this place delivers to my job since they're not exactly close, and delivery was super fast. But I didn't care for the food. I ordered the pork dumplings in a spicy sauce and the General Tso's lunch special. The pork dumplings didn't taste fresh at all. It's not that they were bad, but they weren't very flavorful, their skin was too thick, and they just had a taste and texture of something you would buy pre-made from a market. The sauce they were in though was delicious with just a hint of spice.The flavor of the General Tso's was also off, it was like they forgot to add the ingredients that make the dish spicy and only added the ones that make it sweet. The chicken was tender and well cooked and fried rice it came with was nice, but I ended up not eating the chicken.Edited to add: The duck dumplings (with a little bit of soy sauce) are the best thing on the menu.
Good food and good service. My wife and I were craving honey walnut prawns, and we found our way here.Chicken lettuce cups were ok. I was looking for that artificial stuff that is sometimes put in those. The honey walnut prawns were great. Their prawns were big, real prawns and not the small D-grade prawns you sometimes find in HWP. We also got some chow mein, which was fine.
I Ordered shrimp with mixed vegetables in garlic sauce and it was horrible.... Ordering my shrimp with garlic sauce you would think it would have some extra flavor but it had NONE !!!! When I asked for extra sauce after telling the waiter (who barley spoke English) my problem he then informed me that it was extra. There wonton soup was probably the best thing I ordered.My boyfriend ordered orange chicken and he enjoyed it. Only reason I gave it a two is because the place was clean and we were immediately seated.
Can't miss Chinese food if you are in the village.  Prices went up slightly from when this was Suzie's, but food quality went up equally at the same time.Always friendly, Uncle Ted himself is often standing at the front door welcoming customers and checking in with guests.  If you are in a rush I have seen them take your order and get food out to you super fast.Wonton soup is delicious.  Should also try the curry chicken!
Ordered the chicken lettuce wraps to go. Got home and found four measly pieces of romaine lettuce. The chicken filing was OK. A lot of celery. Was in the mood for PF Chang style. These didn't do it. If you get this make sure they don't skimp on the lettuce before you leave.
stumbled upon this cute place while attempting to escape the rain that night. the food was good and the portion size was great.  i was unable to finish my food and i didn't take a doggy bag because i had a long night ahead.  i thoroughly enjoyed the lycee martini and lychee Bellini.  great customer service also. i'll be back.
Very good no MSG Asian predominantly Chinese. Very very good. Friendly. Take advantage of the checkin special!
a decent Chinese place in the West Village.  It was fast, but nothing to totally rave about.  We came here the day after Christmas.  I told them that my daughter is allergic to eggs and nuts so I ordered just plain white rice with beef.  Not only did they not listen to me they also made a mistake of making the dish very spicy for my 5 year old.  Which part of she's allergic to eggs and nuts and that it just needs to be plain did you guys miss???
Food was really good. Service was excellent. Went on a Wednesday evening with friends and we were quickly accommodated. Our server was extremely friendly and helpful. I would come here again.
Best chinese food around NYU. Must try the mapo tofu and all the stir fried veggies. YummOk so another updated review, I am also addicted to their beef dumplings.
REALLY good Chinese takeout. I enjoyed every dish.What we got:-Egg rolls-Honey Spare ribs-Dumplings-Chicken with Brocoli-Chicken with Eggplant-Lo Mein-Orange BeefEverything was tasty, not too greasy and neatly packaged. The delivery was timely, as well. Only issue is that this is pretty expensive Chinese takeout! I managed to have a 40% Seamless discount, but otherwise the total would have been a bit over $100 for Chinese food for five....c'mon! We didn't even order THAT much!
Really enjoyed the atmosphere at this restaurant. Very casual, yet has a chic, upscale feel to it. The waiters were friendly  welcoming. The food was delicious. I checked in  received my free pork dumplings :) Not bad for the price. Will definitely be going back.
Uncle Ted is my favorite uncle. This is our default Chinese place - I moved from Hell's Kitchen and was concerned about finding the perfect Chinese delivery spot, balancing the fine line between undeniable satisfaction from grubbing some saucy noodles and not feeling like you just ate an MSG brick. Thanks, Uncle Ted for hitting that middle ground perfectly.The cha siu pork buns are some of my faves (they are still hot and tender after delivery - amazing!). It's Chinese food, so don't expect Per Se here, but it's tops for Chinese in the neighborhood.
Other reviews for this restaurant seem to be missing the point. This is not the place to go when you're in search of spicy Sichuan nor is it the place to look for authentic dishes from your hometown in China. This place does American Chinese cuisine and it does it very well. Those who miss Suzie's (or Charlie Mom) will not be disappointed here. They do a superb General Tso's, among the best I can think of. And sesame chicken. If you're looking for lighter fare, their menu has options such as the fish fillet with ginger and scallion. Yes, the prices are higher than your local greasy spoon Chinese take-out. But that's because they use higher quality ingredients. For example, they do not cheap out by giving you tilapia with the fish fillet; they use sea bass.
The food it's ok but they are careless with what you order , I asked fried rice with no onions and boom my plate is full of onions and this is something that I hate  I would not return the food because as everybody knows that is not a good idea , I would never go back to a place where just pay attention to charge you and not what you order , felling disappointed
Fantastic Chinese menu and decor! We had the dumplings that were the best I've ever had.  We also tried the Wonton soup and the sweet and sour soup. Both were delicious just as the main entrees.  The service was good too!
My friend and I came to eat at Uncle Teds last night after spotting them across the street from Falucka hookah lounge. We were extremely hungry and it was a bit late, as soon as we walked in the owner told us the kitchen closes in 20 minutes (which was enough time for us) we quickly ordered. I had the scallion pancakes for appetizers which was so delicious! For my entrée I has the General tso chicken, the chicken was crispy and extremely tasteful (I order General tso often from other places and this by far was the best!) My friend ordered chicken and broccoli and that too was extremely flavorful. I loved them so much I just booked reservations for 7 for this Sunday to take my family on a nice Father's Day dinner. Staff was extremely nice as well and also allowed us to charger our phones while we ate. Thanks you Uncle Ted see you Sunday :)
The food is good but the fact that they have a free dumpling special on Yelp that they don't accept for take out is a let down. I didn't see if it said for dine in only but now I lose the deal either way. They should honor it for checking in not just eating in. Very disappointed in the customer service.
What a nice surprise! We went for lunch. We were seated promptly and served water right away. The menu had plenty of healthy options and a lunch special. The service was excellent and the veggies fresh. Yum
Uncle Ted's is what I always hoped Chinese cuisine to achieve. Elegant and modern setting and presentation coupled with actual legit Chinese dishes and flavors.Braised Duck Dumplings, Szechuan Spicy Beef Noodles Soup, and Crystal Shrimp Dumplings are all excellent here. The noodles are very generous size with ample veggies.
A hipper version of Chinese restaurant than your standard neighborhood joint.  Uncle Teds caters to the NYU demographics at least on a surface level with their chic metallic finishes. When you peel back that first later of the onion, so to speak, you will find Uncle Teds was that old dude you expected all along. The food is very much traditional fare and at a reasonable price @ ~$12-15 an entree. We feasted on the Crispy Shrimp in angry red sauce, my lunch mates ate this while I abstained since I'm a weak sauce when it comes to spiciness. The Veggie Lo Mein wasn't greasy which is the classic knock on that dish. In addition, we had braised duck dumplings, scallion pancake and pepper steak.
Great food. Great prices. There was an obnoxious party but management quickly took care of it. Will definitely come back.
very good, the delivery was fast especially for a Sunday night. Overall the food was very tasty and i would return.
Lunch Specials for $8! You get your choice of protein + fried/white/brown rice + miso soup or hot  sour soup. If you check in, you get a small order of their hot dumplings. They were pretty good - not too spicy but heavy on the garlic. I had the sweet + sour chicken and the portion size was very generous for a lunch special. They use whole chunks of chicken and the dough is thin. It's not like those other Chinese takeout places that give you fried dough instead of fried chicken. They serve a lot of typical Americanized Chinese dishes so if you're ever in the mood for that, this is the perfect place. Since we don't eat a lot of that in my family, it's nice to have some beef  broc or sweet  sour chicken every once in a while.
On my birthday, I expect some decent service when it's time to get the check.  Did we get it this past Monday night?  That would be a "no."  This place wasn't even crowded  I know they could have seen we were done.I also had to ask to get mine wrapped up.  If you saw me, you'd know this is highly unusual.  Every place I go, I get asked if my food can be wrapped up.  Hello, I'm skinny!!!  Can't exactly eat huge portions in a single sitting so the answer to that is "yes" unless I thought it was gross  didn't eat all that much.Decor is nice but the sweet  sour chicken was chewier than I like.  It also didn't reheat worth anything.  While the decor is nice, the bad service and non-standard food took away from it.Next time, I'll stick to someplace I know is good when it's my birthday.
This is certainly the best Americanized Chinese food I've had in NYC (I'm a General Tso chicken fiend and I've lived here for 5 years). I eat here at least once every two weeks. It is a little more expensive than the average Chinese food restaurant, but it is 100% worth it. The food always tastes fresh and I've yet to had a bad experience. Delivery is also always quick, and all the employees are always very polite.They also have authentic Chinese food as well.
Very nice  place but 3 stars because it's just expensive and as any other regular Chinese fast food. Mt stomach hurt after and the chicken I had wasn't really good. It wasn't fresh.
I admit, I'm not the biggest chinese food fan anymore. Not after I discovered Thai food. But for you fans of Americanized Chinese food, in Greenwich Village it's tough to beat.I prefer the healthy menu, where you get 4 veggies, a sauce and meat (for extra). It's all low fat, low sodium sauce, etc etc. The service is swift, the food is pretty good and the restaurant decor is modern. Surprise yourself, try this spot out.
We *finally* found a top notch Chinese restaurant that delivers to the East Village. Food was *so* good. We had:- soup dumplings- crab rangoon- general tso chicken- pork fried rice- vegetable lo meinThe chicken was *actual* white meat chicken, which I hadn't seen in Chinese delivery in a while. A+!
Absolutely delicious Chinese food. The prices are great, the portions are generous, and the interior is very modern and cozy. We ordered a tableful, with appetizers and a dessert, for just $68!
Very mediocre American style Chinese food. I'm not a total food snob. I can get behind a good General Tso's chicken. This was not good. I thought the flavors were meh. Very disappointed in the fried rice, which a sign in the window said was award winning. Service was fine. Ambience was nice. The best thing we ate was the free dumplings from checking in on Yelp. The Peking ravioli we ordered in addition was sub par.
Ugh. I really enjoy the atmosphere, the service and the host Angnus (i think that's her name) but I'm always battling with how salty the food is here. For instance between this week and last week, the szchuan beef,which should be spicy, has a bit of spice but mostly salt and tons of sauce drowning the rice and beef to beyond succulent request. Its soupy almost. Last week i had pork chop peking style also supposed as a spicy meal. It was sweet and salty. I will keep coming back because I'm a sucker for good sevice and reasonable lunch specials. But I have to find a perfectly seasoned meal here. Fingers crossed. Steam pork dumplings are good but how could you screw that up? Good for meeting friends for a quick lunch.
Ordered lunch to take out today. The food is decent. Better than ghetto takeout places. The problem is the guy at the front bar was so unfriendly, I will never go back. I ask the guy, what soup comes with the lunch special? The guys response in an irritated tone, didn't you read the menu?? I left really pissed off. It's a shame because I would have come back since I work in the area.
One of my Chinese favs. I order from the lunch menu, roughly $9-10. The quality is consistent and the service is fast for pick-up.
Ordered almost $100.00 worth of food for delivery.  Noticed that the 3 sodas I requested wasn't in both of the bags.  No problem, right?  WRONG!  So, I called and told them that THEY didn't include the sodas and for them to bring them.  He mentioned that to the delivery person and hung up on me.  Ok, that's fine, I'm thinking, as long as they bring the soda.  Not 2 minutes later, they ask if they could give me a store credit.  I deeply let out a frustrated sigh annoyance.  I then gave the phone over to my director and she said that she didn't see what the issue is if they are the ones who forgot to include the sodas, received a good tip when delivering the food and of course mentioning the $91.00 food bill that we just paid.  Needless to say, I'm very perturbed about the matter but will let my director take care of it.  I WILL NOT ORDER FROM UNCLE TED'S AGAIN.  THEY DON'T DO THE RIGHT THING AND DON'T SHOW ANY FORMS OF GRATITUDE AFTER WE JUST SPENT ALL THAT MONEY.
Average fare but good prices. Expected more from this place after reading the reviews but was left disappointed. Made my own meal of vegetables and chicken but it was drowned in garlic sauce that ruined the entire thing. Friend ordered the pad Thai which was so-so. Service was ok.
I've been meaning to come try this place out for a while and I finally got to do so last week. Came here with 3 of my friends. Since I came here earlier than the others, I held a table for them. I suppose they wouldn't have seated me earlier if the place was absolutely packed, but it wasn't too busy on the weekday evening I had gone.I got the vegetable clay pot as my main dish and we ordered several different appetizers to share, including vegetable shu mai. The shu mai was pretty tasty and I enjoyed my clay pot dish, except that I thought it was a little too oily for me. My friends all enjoyed their food as well. The prices were reasonable and I'd love to come back to try out some of their other dishes.
Picked up take out here last night, only to come home and discover a small roach in my wonton soup. Makes me wonder what else is crawling around their kitchen!? Enough said, I will never eat from here again.
I went last night with 4 others for my birthday. The service was great- they were so nice. They even picked up on the fact that it was my birthday (we're still blown away!) and brought out a dessert with a candle and sang. The food was very good- standard but better than your usual Chinese take out. It was very clean- nice atmosphere. We all said we'd go back.
Greeted and seating right away during lunch by what seemed liked the owner. Menu was quite simple for NYC traditional Chinese, i guess thats why they call it "modern". The hot and sour was very flavorful and a nice portion. Went with crystal dumplings and Lo mein. The dumplings were GREAT Lo mein was average. Servers were very attentive, would most def return for that hot and sour!
I used to come here all of the time when it was still Suzies. When the restaurant changed to Uncle Teds, I was extremely disappointed about the changes to their menu. It seemed so unnecessary to change and remove certain items. Please bring back your egg drop soup and your fried chicken wings. Also, your shrimp and lobster sauce isn't as good quality from what it used to be several years ago. These dishes were the best in New York City. Also I do not like how much MSG they now use in their food. It is very noticeable and makes me feel awful afterwards. Otherwise, they have friendly staff and quick service. But I do hope you bring back these items to your menu and remove the MSG from your dishes.
Tired of crappy chinese take-out caliber? Craving chinese-american food done right? Check out this place. The reviews on yelp were consistently good so we came here to satify my chinese food craving. The dining area fits the business name of modern. Its clean and simplistic.They have decent lunch specials but we ordered off the regular menu. It was nice they included fried rice with our entrees instead of charging us extra.My crispy beef dish was plentiful. Nice pieces of beef not overly fatty, or oily, or sweet. My cup of fried rice was just the right portion. The hubby's jalepeno beef dish was spicy! long pieces of jalepeno seasoned the dish with a kick!  I was satisfied with this spot and will be back!
Was more than a bit put off by the sweet smell of the General Tsao's dishes at the other tables, but  I was impressed by the number of large tender shrimp and the accompanying snow pea pods (pods weren't on the menu and cost an extra $2). Glad I requested the addition of ginger to the white sauce.General impression was Americanized Chinese with some interesting spicy options.
Walking in, I was totally surprised by the transformation from Suzie's to Uncle Ted's. It looks way more open and modern! The food did not disappoint - everything my boyfriend  I had was great. We had the edamame dumplings, vegetable lo mein (extra veggies for $2) and "make your own" stir fry, which was plenty of food.Definitely my new go-to spot for Chinese take-out.
So special cocktail, I like it a lot!And the dumpling is amazing too.And, not oilly as the other Chinese food.Healthy
Been to quite a few lunches and a couple of dinners. Very straightforward: Really fresh ingredients, big serving sizes, and I appreciate their offer of the small miso or sweet and sour soup to start your lunch. If you check in on yelp you get a free treat and they're very gracious about giving you free food- never put up a stink. I've also used the tun.com App and received a free lunch for two and they were gracious (albeit slightly confused at first) about that as well. People are always kind and welcoming and cheerfully wave you goodbye. Can't ask for more!
The food was extremely disappointing. It tasted like a typical take out Chinese food served in a fancy atmosphere. Not worth it at all and will not be coming back.
Nothing special, but perfectly acceptable, tasty Chinese food. Reasonably priced and the servings are big. We had the scallion pancake, the General Tsao chicken and the mooshu pork and they were all pretty nice.
Weekday lunch deliveryUncle Ted's delivers an old American Chinese food. If you like that, it is for you.Chicken and eggplant with garlic sauce ($8) - Soft and generously sliced chicken was nice but ended there.Sichuan Beef- Not spicy and heavy on Chinese five spices for me. Sweet  Sour Chicken - Very sweet: the corn syrup from pineapple in a can overpowered this dish, and left no "sourness" The hot  sour soup was watery and bland.
I came here for Christmas Eve dinner with my family. Honestly I didn't feel welcomed coming in, it was like we were unexpected to be there. We didn't have any menus of the food and we waited about 10 mins. So I decided to finally ask someone for a menus for us.After that customer service got better, we got our orders in and our server kept bringing us water refills.Food was pretty good to say the least.We enjoyed the dinner but I hope next time I come back I can feel a little more welcomed.  Also met the owner , nice guy.
overpriced for what it is and the food was only OK. Had some soup dumplings that were not so great, but the veggie stir fry and general tso's was pretty much what I would expect.
Awesome vibes here. Gorgeous minimalist design with a cozy feel - sounds counterintuitive, but this place pulls it off. Extensive menu filled with delicious dishes. Also worth noting is that UNCLE TED HIMSELF IS A PRETTY COOL CAT. Anytime you're craving Chinese comfort food, park your butt here. Ted will set you up with something satisfying.
Never been to the restaurant, I order for delivery. Service is SO fast. Cold noodles in sesame sauce exactly the way I like them.  Portions are not skimpy.  $30 including tip to delivery guy feeds the two of us perfectly. I consider that a bargain.
I ordered general tso's chicken with white rice. $15 bill for take out. When the food arrived it was in a normal box with an average serving of white rice in a box but why i give them three stars isnt just for the expensive price tag but when i opened my food it was mostly peppers and onions and about 6 pieces chicken. I was outraged. Nice for a sit down dinner with family and friends i suppose but other wise wouldnt recommend.
We stopped here for lunch the other day. The restaurant is very spacious, modern and clean. We split the shrimp dumplings and I had the curry chicken. Food was very good and prices were very reasonable. Service was professional.
This place is really good, reminds me of Sammys (RIP the best Chinese food restaurant in the village). My only complaint is that the general Tsos was too sweet. Other than that, it would get 5 stars in my book for freshness and quality and  I appreciated the fact the there was actual white chicken breast in each piece.
I would definitely rate this place 4 stars or even more . Food : the food is good and portions are pretty bigSpacious : there is lot of room and this place is unbelievably big compared to the other nearby restaurants Price : The prices are not too bad either . Service : is excellent. Although the restaurant was packed , they offered us a good spot . Will be a regular !
The service is ridiculous. My friend and I each used the free dumpling coupon we got from yelp for checking in here. The staff was meticulous about seeing our coupons marked as used. Moments later, the manager came out and told us we couldn't use two coupons for a single table. Her manner was like we were about to steal something from her. After I told her our coupons were already marked, she even grabbed my phone to see if I lied or not. I will never step into the restaurant again.The restaurant is very good except the ridiculous manager. It's such a shame.
Pretty disappointing lunch special for vegetarians.  Only two vegetarian options, and nothing was particularly good.  The hot and sour soup was neither hot nor sour, and the tofu and broccoli with garlic sauce was unpleasantly greasy and flavorless.  It took 10 minutes for a hot sauce request to be completed.The decor is dumb and they were playing indian music.
If you're ever in NYC come to Uncle Ted's! Make sure to check in on yelp for free dumplings which were very delicious! The service here is okay but the food! One of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been to. Food comes out in a timely manner, waiter is very attentive.
Food was not memorable - however - we did order takeout. My friend and I ordered takeout on a cold cold day. The soup was meh - a bit tart for our taste. The soup dumplings didn't have any soup in them (remember - take out). A few other dishes were ok. We were surprised that it's rated 4 starts - the takeout was not really worthy of much more than 2 stars. Added the third star because the delivery was on time. (1/5/16) Got a call from the restaurant - they were apologetic for the cold food, and asked me give it a second shot - 5 stars for customer service! 4 stars for the second round of take out :) the spicy Chinese sausage fried rice is seriously yummy!
Solid spot around SoHo.  They were able to accommodate a large group quickly on a Friday night.  Food was solid and came out quickly.  Reasonable service.  Good service.  Very comfortable place to share time with friends.  Thank's Uncle Ted!
We visited this place on our trip to New York last week. We were staying near Times Square but decided to spend the afternoon in SoHo to go to a shop I wanted to see and my guy needed to go to the Apple store to get his Iphone worked on. After our exploring SoHo, we wanted to eat, so I yelped some options. Looking for chinese or italian. I think we were headed to a first choice that turned out to be a tiny place with one table in it. It was mostly take out. I think I had seen Uncle Ted down the list and we came upon it on our walk and decided to head in. The nice modern look of it seemed appealing. Place was busy but not crowded. I had check in via Yelp and you get a coupon for a spicy pork dumpling appetizer. The dumplings were okay, but I loved the sauce. I think I used it to dip my ribs in later.We ordered a few appetizers to start. We ordered the sweet honey spareribs and they were so delish, we ordered a 2nd plate! We ordered a noodle dish as well. I cannot remember what it was exactly now, but was also delicious. Everything came fairly quickly and staff was attentive.  I would recommend this place.
Great spot for a quick and fresh Chinese meal with good service at a reasonable price.I've been here a couple times for lunch. I find their lunch specials menu to be very reliable and filing. No complaints from my table. Portions are what you'd expect. If you're the kind of person who prefers 'American' Chinese food, then don't worry, this will suit you just fine. It's much higher quality than you'd get out of a paper box take out place for sure, but not intimidating at all!
Service was rude and the food wasn't really that good. Waiter poured water on the table by accident and didn't offer to even clean it. The check was thrown onto the table at the end of the meal. If you want really amazing  authentic Chinese food go to "Legend Bar  Restaurant"P.S. The free dumplings were terrible which is probably why they were free.
Great almost-authentic Chinese food. Owners and waiters are extremely friendly and helpful. Food portion is also very large. Will definitely come back.
Uncle Ted's is solid (Americanized) Chinese food presented in an elegant atmosphere with good service and in a great location! My hubby and me stopped by here on a random Sunday afternoon for lunch and were really surprised at how clean, nice and just modern the setting of the restaurant was. Our server was very helpful and went out of his way make sure we were comfortable, a plus indeed! The food was delicious and full of flavor! We had the diced chicken Schezuan style, which was spicy but flavorful. The vegetable fried rice was good and full of different veggies, which I always like when I order "vegetable" fried rice....and not corn rice or carrot rice etc. I wish we had gotten a chance to try more dishes but with just the two of us these dishes were enough. We will definitely be coming back to try out more dishes! So if you're in the area and have a hankering for Americanized Chinese food, you must try Uncle Teds!
Uncle Ted's does NOT disappoint at all!! My second time there and it was even better than the first. The ambiance was superb, very very clean and the FOOD!!! Soooo delicious! This time I had the honey miso salmon which came with pineapple fried rice. And they do not skimp on the pieces of pineapple. This is definitely going to be a staple of mine. I'll be back throughout the summer!
Myself and others from one of NYU's summer programs were taken here tonight by the school for our final day end-of-program dinner. It was to be a buffet-style dinner and I must say that we at our table were quite surprised with how much food they brought out since we'd been sitting waiting for any food to be brought out for a very very long time! Soft drinks were served in plastic cups and I imagine that it was because they ran out of regular glasses! We were a very large party and the restaurant was booked just for us from 5 to 7pm. The food was oh so very tasty, some of the better Chinese food I've had! I had a wonderful time with good company sharing dishes which leads to better fulfillment than everyone ordering their own plate. This is how Chinese food is meant to be eaten!
Very solid Chinese (Americanized) with a great location, friendly and efficient service, and reasonable prices.  I love that they have a Create-Your-Own stir fry option, as well as the traditional fare.  The dim sum is okay for a restaurant not in Chinatown and I love that you can get shrimp dumplings and sesame shrimp toast at all hours!  The dishes themselves are pretty good and the portions very generous.  Be sure to try the shrimp and scallops stir fry and the moo shu!
READ THIS!!! Button in soup and hair on orange chicken, all in one visit! So my husband and I were visiting from LA and searched on Yelp for a good Chinese food  restaurant...and of course it pulls this one with the highest ratings.  So we decided to try it out. We ordered our soups, and I wanted to taste my husband's choice, hot and sour soup. I put the spoon in my mouth and realized there is a foreign object in the soup. I spit it out and it was a LARGE BLACK BUTTON!!! I was really grossed out, but we already ordered our main course so decided to give it another chance. The main course arrived and of course now I'm more careful and I was observing every bite. So as I picked up my orange chicken and saw a hair sticking out!!!! Like really?!?! Two in a row? How often does that happen in a restaurant??!!! I almost puked! The manager was very upset at the staff and he rushed to the back to figure out what happened. They offered us more food, but at that point I've had it so we just walked out. I have to admit though, the food was very delicious and I was bummed that we couldn't enjoy it. :(
Being way too full of greasy and delicious and/or greasy and not-so-delicious Chinese food, I was pleased to find Uncle Ted's.  Ordered veg dim sum and veg dumplings.  Both came in glutinous rice flour wrappers; normally, I prefer a thinner (cantonese style) wrapper, but these were tasty.  Satisfied the crave, without making me feel all full of greasy nastiness. I'd order again.
We had the general tso chicken which was amazing! The beef and broccoli was great the meat was tender and well seasoned. Service was alright for being slow.
I had an amazing time going here Christmas Eve.  Being in my hometown for the holidays, I just had to have Chinese food in NY. I was walking by and noticed Uncle Ted's had an award for their fried rice.The shrimp fried rice was amazing. Excellent food and service. I wasn't overly hungry as I would have tried several other items on the menu.The restaurant was very busy and had to sit in the bar and the staff was very attentive to me.
Uncle Ted's hit the mark!   I was a little skeptical because it was clean and the decor was bit less traditional than I'm used to for non Chinese fusion spots.This was a plus though.Just note, the Yelp deal is a bust if you don't eat pork. They do not give vegetarians another option so your S**** out of luck with the freebie.PS Uncle Tom, A veggie dumpling cost you less than a pork one. Give Veggie away for free.All in all everything was fresh and good. I would go back 100% Spicy green beans were epic and their sauces were so thick and flavorful. Booya
This is my go-to Chinese food delivery option.  Good selection - good price - good service.  No complaints at all.  Try the dumplings, the lo mein, and the kung pao chicken.  Everything is tasty.
Tried different dishes, very oily and tasteless. very average almost below average food, however service and cleanliness is fine. Kitchen staff smokes outside which makes you worry about the particles going into your food. Marginal at best.
I'm living literally right next for the summer and there's nothing like a good Chinese takeout restaurant that close. I've eaten here twice now, the first time I got 3 pepper chicken which was delicious but redicuously spicy. This second time I ordered a classic general tso. Both were very good and large portions! The interior is nice, with music and a clean atmosphere. I'd recommend coming here for a quick Chinese dinner. Nothing that blows me away but it's pretty good, and is the right price.
Just ordered a general Tso chicken and sizzling black pepper beef for to go. I am really really sorry. I have to say it is the worst general Tso chicken I have had in my life. It was extremely sweet and the meat texture taste like left over portion from the other night.  The quantity of beef dish was really small which is covered by most of onions and bell peppers. No more uncle Ted ....
