I just called twice and asked for the manager and the woman who answered the phone hung up on me TWICE. Rude. It starts with common courtesy. The manager or owner needs to have a talk with their staff regarding phone manners. Please do not hang up on people.
The decor is adorable. Mellow and low key, slightly trendy but not too much so. The smell of cabbage permeates throughout the room. The food came out quickly. We had to ask for water refills though  Now for the food. Shredded crispy porkProbably the best dish. Like a general tso but even better. Served with colored peppers Deep fried Eggplant with porkIt's delicious. It doesn't look deep fried, the pork is part of the sauce with lots of scallions. Very salty taste which I like Fried leek, shrimp, pork dumplingThe leek taste overrides the pork and shrimp. I didn't taste the pork and shrimp. Scallion pancake with beefMore filling than a traditional pancake because the beef is in it. It is much less greasy than a traditional scallion pancake. The shell is warm, and it mixes with the beef is cold. The beef is slightly fatty and had a spicy brown sauce which gives this pseudo sandwich a decent taste.
Good authentic Chinese food.We got:pickled vegetable and pork dumplings: unique authentic filling with a tart kick. kind of like asian picklesmeat filled pancakes: rich and flaky crust with tender meat filling. the crust wasn't as flaky this time but probably because we got it to go and didn't get to eating it until about half an hour after.vegetable with thin pancake wrap: a little bit oily for my taste but the vegetables still maintained their crunchthree noodle: a cold and mildly spicy peanut noodle. perfect for the summer. includes fresh thick and thin noodles.
#I got the Hot Pot Mala Tang with Fish. It was good and medium spicy. But I didn't get the mouth #numbing effects. I want to be numb.But the prices are #reasonable. Service quick. Portions are good for this Hot Pot Mala Tang with #Fish.Can #someone help me be numb?
Auntie must've forgotten how to use spices...Because our dinner flavors were so bland, especially for dishes whose focal point was spice. We were fortunate to get a reservation for a large party, although the majority of tables were empty for a Monday night.We got so many dishes including the chive pockets, tripe in chili oil, eggplant with pork, fish cooked in chili water, string beans, chili pepper chicken, and shredded pork in garlic sauce, just to name a few.Everything came out so quickly and was hot. Kudos to the fast service and prompt refilling of tea and water. However, the food was so disappointing. The only dishes I actually enjoyed were the chive buns, the string beans, and the eggplant. They all had at least some semblance of tastiness that incorporated the flavor of the food. The other dishes tried to make my taste buds dance to no avail. The fish was the most disappointing. The chili peppers were basically decoration for an otherwise tasteless stew. The fried chicken was literally chicken nuggets with no flavor. It sounds a bit harsh, but I was so surprised how little flavor so many of the dishes had.The location and the space is convenient, but I wouldn't recommend unless you literally have no other choice.
A huge fan of the prices but not a big fan of the flavor. The pork guys peeking out of the top of the soup dumplings did not help, neither did the bland scallion pancakes. The cost is amazing for everything though except the pea shoots which were $20!!! And loaded with salt. This spot needs some work.
Every so often, there is a new restaurant that you like so much that you hesitate to write about it on Yelp. Auntie Guan's definitely one of these places.The reason I'm writing this review is because the restaurant truest deserves to be successful so that there will be more authentic Chinese restaurants outside Chinatown. Pretty much everyone who comes here is Chinese. When I saw the menu, I was excited to see the food from my childhood. The flavors come from spices, not prepackaged sauces. If you come here, I would get any of theseWonton soupDumplingsBeef noodle soupPork Chinese Cabbage cakesSteamed soup dumplingsScallion pancake with shredded meatGriddle cooked potato chipBraised pork belly w/vermicelliSliced fish w/ hot chili oil (spicy)Mapo tofu (spicy)Chinese style braised meat ballsSautéed string beansSautéed pea sprouts with garlicShredded potato salad w/ hot sauce
Great Chinese spot for northern Chinese food that reminds me of home! Always get take out from here. The crispy pork and the dan dan noodles always take me back to my moms cooking. Prices are reasonable and service is not bad! Just happy to find good Chinese food places in union square/Greenwich village
My friend told me this place has the best north eastern Chinese food and dumplings here so we came here after going to holiday market at union square. This place is at E 14th st & 6th Ave which is just next to the subway station. When we came here on a Friday night, it's pretty busy here. We were seated right away but the people came in after us needed to wait for a little bit.I had really high expectation about this place since my friend highly recommended this place and it's really busy here. We order a lot of food for 3. Tofu with thousand year egg, steamed lamb dumplings, cumin lamb, fried squid heads and pork bone with sauce. The tofu with thousand year egg was nice. It came with some chili peppers on the top and thick soy sauce. The steamed lamb dumplings are ok. The wrappers are kinda thick but it might be the north eastern Chinese style. It might be better if it's boiled. I like the fried squid heads. It came with fried basils and the flavor did match with the fried squid. The cumin lamb and pork bones with sauce were quite salty. They also gave us gloves to munch the pork bones with out hands. I must say it's pretty interesting. I did feel there flavors are too strong for me and I could taste MSG. I might not come back again.
I've worked on 5th Ave @ 16th Street for almost two years and, while there are plenty of decent and better lunch places within a couple of blocks, I had not found even a decent Chinese food place to grab lunch. I'm kind of a Chinese food connoisseur, having cooked authentic Chinese food for about 35 years. So, I'm not a fan of the "fast food" joints, or Wok to Walk or even Wo Hop on Mott Street. They were only good because they were open all night.When I finally realized Auntie Guan's was nearby I was eager to try it and hopeful it would be at least decent. Well, the food blew me away. The first good sign was a woman (Auntie Guan?) making dim sum and dumplings at a counter right at the street front window and a few feet from the door when you walk in.  The decor is nice - better than many restaurants in Chinatown - with a bar area and lots of tables that can be arranged to suit any size group. The kitchen is at the back and open so you can see in. There's a TV on the wall showing what looks like a Food Network-style show (though it isn't FN) where the hosts are in the kitchen seeing how the food is prepared and then they taste it and talk about it.They have a large menu with a large variety of dumplings that come in either 6 or 12 per portion. There's also a Lunch Menu with about 35 choices and comes with choice of rice and soup. The first day I went I was eager to try dumplings and a lunch special. This was a mistake because I was alone and, as it turns out, the lunch portion size is very big!  That day I had the shrimp, pork, & leek dumplings. They were so good, but make sure you like leeks because they are the star of that dish. For my lunch special I had the Crispy Sauteed Pork w/ white rice and egg drop soup. The soup was good - a little think for my taste. The pork was amazing. So tasty and crispy as advertised.I've been back about 4 times since then and had the twice cooked pork and the sweet and sour chicken.  Both were really good.  The sauce on the chicken was nearly perfect - not too much though, again, slightly think for me. I have yet to try the hot & sour soup but that's next time.  At some point I will go in and get just dumplings since they're good size and easily enough for lunch.I haven't been there for dinner, so I don't know how they serve the regular entrees but I did see one table eating something that was definitely not on the lunch menu (looked like a bone-in lamb shank, maybe pork) and it was a lot of food.Basically, I am very happy with Auntie Guan's and feel lucky they're so close to work - though my waistline may not be so lucky!  I like this place so much I almost don't want to write this review or tell anyone about it so that it doesn't get too crowded!  The only knock I have is that the service is a bit loose.  I'm used to great service at the Chinatown restaurants. Here they seem to forget about me once in a while. It's a minor nit pick. Two other things. It's a bit cliche but every time I've been there at least 90% of the other guests have been Asian! Never a bad sign :)Second, the lunch menu selections are like $8. Perfect!
Spicy Pot ($27.99?) delivery was a 3.7 star. It was definitely new flavors to me. It used not only Chinese five spices but more complex spices, Shi Sanxiang (十三香) - thirteen seasoning spices. It's unique and definitely acquired taste. I tasted anise, glove, cardamom, nutmeg and cinnamon(?). I'm sure there's more.Honestly it was so new to my body that I didn't care for it, at first. But more I dug in, I started enjoying this aquired taste. My Irish hubby has no problem with this flavors. He likes complex flavors of Indian slices. Few days later, he ordered the same soup/stew again. This hotpot stew is packed with cabbage, celephone noodles, lotus roots, ear Mushroom, tofu skin, thinly sliced potato and more in a very spicy broth but tolerable. You choose your choice of protein, beef (our pick), shrimp, chicken, or ham. Thinly sliced beef, like Shabu Shabu meat, was small proportion but enough with the rest of many things in the soup. If you prefer to have it as ramen style, just over order would do. Sharing with a big group, four or five, would get a small bowl each. I personally like it this way so that I'll have more space for tasty dumplings.Pork (pan fried) dumplings (6/$4.99). The skin was thick and chewy and packed with juicy meat inside. I don't like sweet-soy sauce that comes wth but it was nice with it. I usually prefer vinegar-soy with ginger & scallion sauce, homemade.
Came here on a Monday noon and we were seated promptly. Dan Dan noodles: it's a spin-off from the original Szechuan Dan Dan noodles, and I really liked it. The shop made it a cold noodles dish with flat noodles made from mung bean, round flour noodles topped with peanuts and cucumber. We had it as an appetizer instead of a main course.Beef Roll: Slices of beef brisket wrapped in pancake, combined with a spicy sauce. They have a generous serving of beef, much more than I expected. Xiao Long Bao (steamed pork soup buns): It is different from the ones you get in Shanghai, which are smaller and has more soup in it, but still good.Pork ribs stew with cabbage and tofu: very authentic flavors. A soupy dish with cabbage, vermicelli, tofu and pork ribs that is good on a cold day.Overall: Good food, good service, huge portions and reasonably priced. We had to get half of the food to go in the end. It was only $25 per person after taxes and tips. Will be back to try their dumplings some time!
I can't, in good conscience, give this restaurant 4 stars, even given the neighborhood (probably the only good non-Szechuan choice in the area). The decor of this place is all over the place, but overall it's clean and a bit upscale with attentive service to match.We had a lot of dishes. I think almost everything was good, but we had small complaints with most of them. Nothing major but just things that could be improved.The best dishes were the vegetable, pea tendrils (snow pea shoots), and the steamed dumplings. Fresh and delicious. Move along- nothing to complain about here.My other favorite was the vermicelli (really cellophane noodle) with pork. I'd say the dish tasted a little bit more Vietnamese than Chinese but either way it was wonderful.We also enjoyed the beef noodle soup- though the beef was not what we expected, the noodles were a bit soft, and the broth a little thin. Either way it was tasty.The sour vegetable and pork was a bit too sour and the dan dan noodle was a version we didn't really care for.But overall, not a bad experience at all. We will probably order delivery from this place when we're longing for some good Northern Chinese fare.
I really wanted to like this place, but I feel like as someone who lives near Chinatown and very frequently eats dan dan noodles and soup dumplings, I can't in good conscience recommend it.You will likely still try it out anyway, since Eater recommends it so highly (which leads me to wonder who the heck they had reviewing this place), but be warned of the following:- The dan dan noodles have a very light sauce, almost like soy. It's much more bland than what you might expect. I doused mine in chili oil to add more taste.- The soup dumplings are not actually soup dumplings since there is no soup inside, it has an off-putting thick skin, and its contents are a bit too meaty without any regard for actual taste.- The chive pancake is great at first bite, but then becomes very one-dimensional. I was scrambling to figure out what sauce to dip it in and I never dip my chive pancakes in sauce.- The cumin garlic pork is extremely dry. Closer to jerky than ribs.- The beef rolls had way too much meat and it really threw off the whole balance of texture and taste.The best thing there was the cucumbers. Fantastic sauce and a great portion.
The merchant ask the customers to give a 5 star review and a 10%off as rewardsNot sure if those highly rated comments is real or not.Just for myself I don't really like it.
Had dinner there yesterday. Food was just ok, waiter recommended pork pancake, which turned out to be the worst dish - no flavor at all. They didn't turn on air to save money, while room temperature was 81F and everyone was sweating. Terrible.
Their food is decent but staff needs to be better trained, such as filling up water when cup is empty
I walked by this place several times but never walked in. My friend and I passed by this place  today and she is a big fan of Northeast Chinese food. So we decided to take a try. It does not disappoint us at all. Typical northeast Chinese food are offering here. The taste is really down to the earth and is really authentic. We have decided to come back some day in the future. As there are so many dishes on the menu we want to order. This time, with a limited stomach, we can only order some of them. A won't-be-wrong place to go for northeast Chinese who miss hometown food.
Ordered beef noodles, and peking duck.Noodles was COLD!! It was obviously pre cooked the night before and they just added noodles. I told the waiter that the noodle was cold he looked at me like I was lying. I asked him to touch the bowl and he took it back to the kitchen. The noodle came back in three minutes the bowl felt hot, they probably just microwaved it and give it back to me.The peking duck was the worst I've ever had anywhere, it was cold, it was soggy, dry and hard. The scallions were not fresh, and a portion was tiny. It was a disaster.
I'm fairly certain this is not going to end well. The Szechuan beef tastes like rubber, it doesn't resemble Chinese food; hot and sour soup had a very thick consistency. Just not good at all.
Awesome food, especially the fish in spicy oil! This is a must eat when it comes to authentic Chinese cuisine.  And they have a great atmosphere!
I ride the M14A bus often; usually I don't walk across 14th street. But I like making note of interesting new places I pass. My curiosity got the better of me - decided to walk over, to Auntie Guan's. A staff member helped me in the door (I was shopping in the nabe and had my cart). I noted how clean and neat it was, with enthusiastic diners scarfing away, the decor, the cool fish tanks, and then looked over the menu. The waiter recommended the dumplings - shrimp, pork, leek, I think? (D4 on my takeout bag receipt). Well, I have to say: I am a longtime dumpling fan. And these were surpassingly tasty. Savory, great mouth feel, just doughy enough, lovely mix of flavors..yummo. He did tell me going in - they would take some time to prepare. And yes, I got a tad antsy sitting for awhile. But once I was home, and tasted them...it was worth the trek, and the wait. Food such as this takes time to prepare, so enjoy the anticipation hangout; trust me... you'll have a superb meal. Can't wait to go back, and bring hubby and a couple of famished co workers. Really, don't miss this one!!
Very authentic! Had a great experience two weeks ago and revisited tonight -- didn't disappoint!
Very delicious. Reasonable price and nice space. I especially recommend the dumplings and tofu.
If you want tasty Chinese food come here. Try the steamed dumplings (shrimp/leek/pork) and the fried squid head!
It's soooooo good.we all like it so much.big bowl!surprise, good for people like us who eat a lot. OISHIIDESU MA XI DA!
You need to reserve for their wknd breakfast, which I did on Friday - to reserve for Sunday. Planned my Sunday around it and went all the way there - only to be told they don't have my order! No explanation whatsoever! So unprofessional! Don't know how the food taste because they can't even take their reserved order properly! So furious abt this - just wasted half of my Sunday! Whats the whole point of reserving an order when they can't reserve it for you? For everyone out there that are coming all the way into the city getting their breakfast at this place, make sure you double triple quadruple check they have what you are going there for!
Very nice. Authentic Chinese food. I myself is from the Northern east part of China as well as the staff. I feel back home every time I am here.
Went in for the lunch special, first time and last time. The Sautéed Sliced Pork Eggs and Wood Ear Mushroom was ok, not much flavor. The Dandan Noodle was also ok. The spring roll was cold. The soup dumplings contained little to zero soup. Had to keep asking for soy sauce (when I could finally get the attention of the waiter), the waiter would only provide me with a very small amount at a time in a tiny ramekin. The only time the waiter paid any attention to us was when he was standing over us while we signed the credit card receipt.
really like the food here. if you would like to try some northern chinese food, it's definitely a good choice.
Dongbei food that used to be in flushing. I always like their approach of chinese food (which is different from sichuan style). Their servers are great and food is obviously tasty.
Great pork fried rice. Sesame beef was great. I prefer it crunchy and that's exactly how they made it.
This is one of the best Chinese food I ever had in NYC. I love Chinese food so much, especially northern food from China. I found them more tasty. I've been introduced to some other Chinese restaurants in Chinatown and flushing, but Auntie Guan's Kitchen is definitely one of the top 3 on my list. They have very good service, friendly, and I heard from my Chinese friends that the food are authentic there. Plus the location is ideal, very close to train station. I would definitely come again and again !
Authentic food! Hot and spicy chicken and sauteed potato are very good. Convenient location as well. Never too packed.
I love this Manchurian cuisine place! Particularly the dumplings, handmade dumpling with  variety. Green bean jelly salad is awesome and tasty. Chicken with mushrooms hot pot is highly recommended. Waiters and waitresses are friendly. The restaurant is clean and pleasant place to eat with friends or family.
the food is so dilicious totalky CHINESE Food , and the envrionment is very comfortable, actually the price is good, not expensive at all. The waiter and waitress provide good service . The boss always offer food for free.Nice
We have been searching for a good Chinese Restaurant that delivers in our neighborhood for years now, we've walked by this restaurant a few times, but just never ordered from them Tonight we did and the search is over. Just finished an absolutely delicious meal from Auntie Guan's Kitchen. The Country Style Vegetables. The Mongolian Beef and the Crispy Chicken in Sweet and Sour Sauce. All fantastic. Light refreshing, great flavors. Wow.
Very authentic and delicious northern Chinese food, not a fan of the decoration and overall vibe of the restaurant.. but food is great
I ordered the Kung Pao chicken which was extremely greasy, the cucumber salad which was OK (hence 2 stars instead of 1), & the soup dumplings which were doughy and bland. I haven't had Chinese this bad in years. I won't order from them again. Also, the delivery arrived almost an hour and a half from when I ordered it. There's better Chinese out there - I can't fathom why it has a high review.
Just awful.  So many things were wrong that you just had to laugh.  Service was probably a little bit worse than the food but it was close.
A comfortable spot with a good selection of authentic dishes along with some western samples for a mixed group. Good service and comfortable dining room! Spacious, comfy chairs. The fish in chillies 水煮鱼 was good. Dumplings were on the big and doughy side, but still good. Potato slices 土豆丝 was not perfect - not super thin/crispy - but good flavor.
As a loyal customer, I'm glad to see that they have a second restaurant opened up in Manhattan. Quality northeastern food as they have always had.
This is the greatest Chinese restaurant Iv ever have in the NYC. It is the real authentic Northeastern Chinese food.
It's my second time here. Awesome ! I love the dumplings here. Their service is really good too.
Don't know about the food.  No service or acknowledgement after 15 minutes of waiting. Other were seen before I finally left.
I've been here a few times already! Northeastern myself so I was glad that a restaurant with our cuisine opened here! Some traditional dishes were great! Some were a little more oily than expected though...
Their take-out is excellent as well. So happy to have them nearby. Particularly enjoyed the scallion pancakes and double cooked pork. Has been consistently good over a number of orders. Great work!
We were in the Union Square and we're looking for a Chinese restaurant to feed our family of five when we happened upon this new place. We were somewhat ambivalent at first but the staff was so friendly and polite that we decided to give it a try. We ordered the Crispy Pork, Sautéed String Beans, Popcorn Chicken, Fried Dumplings and Wanton Soup (we figured we'd keep it simple...) Everything was fresh and delicious and the prices of each entree were so reasonable... Definitely a lot of bang for the buck. I think this will be our new go-to Chinese!
very good dongbei food. my gf she is from shenyang. she sais the food there remind her of hometown. dont go with americanized chinese food (ask server to recommend traditional ones). enviroment is better than many other chinese restaraunt
Auntie Guan's serves tasty food. But, it's better to do takeout than dine-in. However, when you call, they sometimes switch to different people to take your order because they don't understand English, or they answer, "Hello. Wait, OK," then hang up on you. It's very disorganized and I'm always nervous if they got my order right and it will arrive. It can take perseverance. I love their malatang with fish, which I order for lunch a lot. However, when my husband I decided to dine in, we were horrified at how bad the service was. The waiter looked overwhelmed when we asked him to seat us away from the front door where the draft was just blowing in. He was unable to check the room for seats. He also had a poor command of English, so communication was challenging when we asked him to describe a couple of unknown items on the menu. I think their central location ensures constant business, but not repeat sit-down business.
The noodles are great here but pork greasy and too heavy. Average customer service, we ate here because it was close and offered comfortable seating. Overall ok but wouldn't go out of my way to return
Very authentic ! Location is v good .. Nice food and good service . Recommend for friends more than 20
Glad that they opened two Manhattan stores after their popularity in Flushing. Very authentic north-east Chinese food.  nice decoration, friendly staff. 杀猪菜 (sha zhu cai) - pork+vermicelli+sour cabbage is must have. Love their dumplings, fried pork in sweet & sour sauce, Everything is delicious.
Crisy pork is my favor! They did an awesome job of it! Love the food! Worth to try it out.
Wonderful foods! Excellent service! No waiting time suitable for Friday night!  The dumplings are highly recommended! I will definitely come again and enjoy Dongbei Food!
Delicious food, excellent service. Finally found the most authentic northeastern Chinese restaurant in the city!
The food here is authentic northeastern Chinese style. The environment of this restaurant is pretty good among Chinese restaurants. In sum, it is worth trying if you like Chinese food!
Food is extremely tasty and authentic. Make sure to get the dumplings, Dan Dan noodle and ask for specials!
we went as soon as we found out it was open.  more waiters than clientele.  minute eating underplates, as opposed to serving plates.  no liquor license or credit cards yet.  we had lamb, sweet and sour pork, and fried rice (it has to be one kind--not "everything" fried rice"). the waiter did not even know what we had ordered and brought something else for the lamb. food was very good, but i found the overall experience quite depressing. how we miss our now defunct chinese restaurant next to the now defunct st. vincent's!
Decent but impressive. Disappointed that they can't even make good northeastern dishes. Definitely should avoid ordering dishes from other regions such as Sichuan.
Horrible customer service. Place was not even full yet the workers there ignored my cousins and myself. Asked for some water with lemon but instead received warm water in a dirty looking glass plus no ice. Decision not to stay and eat  there was unanimous.
The lunch specials were boring Americanized stuff, so went with the Shredded Pork with Hot Garlic Sauce  $11.99 (How Spicy?: Spicy) which was quite satisfying, and definitely enough food.
This is not your usual fast food Chinese restaurant. While you might get your stuff to go in usual take out containers,  the menu is full of items that you wouldn't typically see at many Chinese fast food joints in this country.I was in here Friday around 4:45 pm needing a to go meal to take on a bus.I ordered the shrimp with walnuts. It is one of their hot and spicy dishes. I was told they had brown rice so I asked for that.  I waited about ten to fifteen minutes for my food.  The rice was put in the familiar white cartons and the shrimp were in one of those reusable plastic containers. They didn't put the usual packets of duck sauce and soy sauce. I asked if they had hot sauce. A staff member goes to the back and brings me a plastic container of what I assumed was some sort of hot infused oil.When I ate, I put the rice on top of everything. As I mixed it up as I ate, you could know the dish is hot. I added some of that infused oil which definitely had heat in it. There were sonme dried spices in that oil.   There was plenty of shrimp which I think was coated with corn starch and fried before adding the other ingredients. There were walnuts that added a lot to the dish. Great texture between the coated shrimp and the cooked walnuts.There was also some broccoli pieces and a few pieces of other vegetables but not plentiful.The prices might seem a bit much for Chinese food but it is not your typical fare and well worth it. My only complaint was that since they mentioned the brown rice and I said I would take that, they gave me white rice.
The meal was just as expected, they had lots of northern Chinese food dishes, just like my mom makes at home. Definitely recommend the lamb dumplings! On point!Would come back, and that's coming from a northern Chinese person!
I've been here 3 times.I love this place because it feels like a piece of china-town came to 14th street/6th ave. The restaurant is not too big yet it is spacious enough to fit several small groups and parties, including booths and lazy susans! The staff was very friendly and has always offered to accommodate slight substitutions etc. The food is delicious and very exotic and different. I especially love the soup dumplings, the eggplant/potato/pepper dish, and the seafood tofu. The tofu is shaped like a circle. all in all- it's different and yummy. Don't expect the traditional menu but they have so much to choose from!
Summary:  Great spot for lunch or dinner.  Reasonably nice atmosphere for the NYU area and the price.  Surprisingly good food.  Could use more meat in the lunch specials. Atmosphere: I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere here. You could bring a date or a large group. It's a fairly large restaurant for the area.  Visually interesting modern decor.  Small but quite nice bathroom.  I love that there was a Chinese newspaper in there for those that might need to spend a little extra time (TMI TMI).  Service:  Speedy and friendly.  They totally were cool with the Yelp coupon, though asked me to write a review. I told them later, my dear and they backed off quickly with a smile.  They knew the menu well and all appeared bilingual Mandarin and English, some Cantonese spoken here as well.Food: Mapo Tofu was a great lunch special and even the soup was good (a key sign, since it means they  have a decent chicken stock, which forms the base of many Chinese foods). Garlic pork was also pretty tasty.  Lunch portions were reasonably good for the price.I do wish they would extend the lunch menu a bit as a great many of the options were vegetarian friendly. Possibly they don't get the sizable crowds to warrant an extended selection.
Famous for their dumplings..  had dumplings and noodles.and thought they were ok but nothing spectacular. Restaurant looks relatively nice. Service is ok.
I think I am being generous with 1 star.  Not good.  I ordered a basic lunch chicken and broccoli ,brown rice , spring roll and 6 pork and shrimp dumplings.  The spring roll was mushy inside like it was filled with mashed potatoes instead of cabbage, brown rice mushy, dumplings were eh nothing exciting.  I hate to say that the bootleg Chinese takeout around the corner from my mother in Queens with the fake A rating in the window beat this place out.
Tbh I can't comment on the authenticity of it. My family is Cantonese through and through, so I wouldn't know authentic dongbei food if it slapped me in the face. But when I came, I was with two of my friends - one who's from dongbei and one who's from shandong. And they do know what good, authentic northeastern food is like. So in deference to their superior opinions on this subject, I will say that anyone who's curious should come here. I don't believe you can find much dongbei food outside of Flushing, so it's really worth trying Auntie Guan's. I am, as always, a huge fan of scallion pancakes (the scallion pancakes were actually ordered because I am obnoxious and every time I see scallion pancakes on the menu, I MUST order them). And with their meat filling - kind of like a scallion pancake mini burrito - were a hit for me (I ate two while my friends ate one each). We also got this other meat/stew dish and this glazed sweet potatoes dish. I have to be honest, I don't know what the meat dish was called because I don't speak Mandarin, but it was good. The sweet potatoes were also pretty good, and my friends finished them all, so I know that it was good by their standards too.I probably won't come back here often, but I can appreciate it for how it is. Just like walking into a Cantonese restaurant (and hearing Cantonese and seeing my favorite dishes being served) makes me feel at home instantly, if my friends say that Auntie Guan's is good, I know it is good. (and it *is* good, it's just not the kind of good that makes me feel like I'm home) And people need to see how diverse Chinese culture and foods are! As much as I love that it's so easy for me to get my own culture's food, since living in NYC, I have gotten to try Shanghai, Sichuan, Taiwanese, and now Dongbei foods. Definitely give this place a try.
The dumplings and dan dan noodles weren't bad as a lunch option, but were by no means great.
Was deciding between three stars or four, but ultimately went with four stars, because one of my complaints is that the serving portions were too large. I didn't like that because I was eating with just one other friend, so we couldn't have a variety of dishes. But obviously, this is great if you're in a group.I ordered the "Di San Xian", which is stir-fried chunks of eggplant, potatoes, and green peppers. This is a Beijing dish. The chunks could've been cut a bit smaller, and been a bit crispier. But overall, it wasn't a bad dish.I also ordered the Sweet and Sour Fried Whole Fish with Pine Nuts. The fish was cooked nicely--the skin was crispy, the sauce was on-point. My chief complaint was that the fish didn't taste fresh. It tasted "muddy". But I couldn't discern whether this "muddy" taste is because the fish wasn't fresh, or just the characteristic of freshwater fish. Overall, it was good but not the best rendition of "Song Shu Yu".Other things I noticed: Once we ordered, the dishes came out SUPER fast. It was uncannily fast. Chinese dishes can be prepared quickly, but this was the fastest I've ever seen the kitchen send out food. The restaurant wasn't crowded, but it also wasn't empty. Kudos to the chef.The decor looked like this used to be a Long John Silver's before or something. Strands of (sailing) ropes line the ceiling, and the dark brown wood strips line the walls. You'll see what I mean when you're there.Overall, NOT the best Chinese food I've had. However, Auntie Guan's is known for their northeastern cuisine. I didn't really order northeastern dishes, so that's why I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt. I think it'll be a good option if you're with a large group, want your food quickly, and if you focus on northeastern dishes (like cumin lamb, etc.).
The food is not bad...however the service is horrible..we got a wine there to celebrate our friend's bday..they charged us $25 for that bottle of wine..that's a little ridiculous!! They don't even have one good enough to make us order from them!!! I will not go back !
With the mostly glowing (and potentially fake, ahem) reviews, the new branch of Auntie Guan's piqued my interest with its promise of hand-pulled noodles and in general, Northern Chinese food at a fairly good price. The Chinese options in the area ain't great, so to be fair, I was a little desperate. My parents were visiting, so I decided to give it a shot for a Saturday lunch with them, and I figured they'd have a good gauge of what was good and what wasn't. We came in at around 11:45am, and they were still "setting up", despite listing their opening hour at 11am. Yikes. The place also happened to be completely empty, although, to be fair, it was a little early for lunch, and a few people began filtering in once 12:30pm rolled around. The place was actually pretty clean and well-kept, just very bare, and austere. Again, I'll chalk it up to being brand new, so hopefully it gets a little better in the coming months. They have a 10% off your bill special if you check in on Yelp for dine-in and takeout, so don't forget to take advantage of that if you're not ordering delivery.We went with the braised beef noodle soup, seafood noodle soup, shredded pork in garlic sauce lunch special, and dried tofu noodles with pepper lunch special. One of my favorite meals in the world is a good bowl of braised beef noodle soup, and while the broth was a little watery, I was actually impressed with the flavor, the amount of beef, and the noodles. The fresh noodles had that really good chew, and were definitely flavored with a lot of white pepper, which I personally enjoyed a lot. My parents enjoyed the seafood noodles better, since the flavor was a little lighter, although the use of imitation crab was a little disheartening. Such is life. The lunch specials were pretty standard but flavorful and decently portioned. At $7.99, a pretty good deal. Per usual, you get your choice of soup or vegetable spring roll, and white or brown rice. The noodle soup bowls were about $9-10 for a fairly large portion, so definitely something I'd get in the future.Service was okay, although largely purposely absent, which was fine, as long as they kept the teapot refilled, ha. Can't say I'd necessarily recommend dining in, but the food was pretty solid for the price and location. Perhaps it's a little better during dinner hours, but I'll likely order takeout in the near future when I'm craving some good hand-pulled noodles. In all, I'm really glad there's a new option in the neighborhood and I'm excited to see what the rest of the menu is like.
This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants and take-out or delivery.  Excellent Peking Duck and string beans with minced pork and garlic.  Friendly staff and always packed with diners.
I accidentally walk in this Chinese restaurant in a slow Friday night. It looks clean and decent. I ordered the chicken wonton soup and the pork noodle. I think the food is standard. But the service is very slow and the Chinese waiters not even pay attention on me and they keep playing on their phone and talking to each other. I think they like to chatting more than severing their guest. Anyway not come yet.
I liked it a lot despite some friends said its not as authentic as the original one in flushing, but again I've never been to the flushing one. our waiter was really nice and funny. not crowded~
Came here for Chinese New Years and it was filled.  Ordered the pork vermicelli dish, crispy sweet and sour poor, lamb dumplings and scallion cakes.  Overall, I thought the food was about standard fare for NYC Chinese.  Nothing particularly memorable and nothing particularly bad.  Service was also average.  If there is a wait to get in longer than 10-15min, skip it and head somewhere else.  You won't be missing anything special. 3.5/5
First, the service here is really bad. I have been to this place three times. Two times no one gave us a menu until we asked. One time even not asking whether do we need drink until the end. Wonton is okay. Dandan noodle is really bad. It's sweet and not flavorful. Actually it's mixed 凉皮 and 凉面. Not suggested to try. Also last time my boyfriend and his colleagues went to this place and ordered 麻辣香锅. When they checked, the price of it is different from the one on the menu, the cashier said it's because the menu was made several years ago. I have never heard this kind of case anywhere. It can be considered as cheating customers. Will never try again. Lots of better place in New York. Would not waste money here. I would rather try other places with better service and comparable price.
**AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE**In my 6 years of living in NYC, this has to be one of my worst restaurant experiences I've had in the city. The blatant disrespect, carelessness and complete disregard to customer service is off the charts. Completely and utterly unacceptable-- they should be ashamed of themselves. They bribe customers (for a 10% discount) to write 5 star reviews, so don't let the reviews fool you.We walked in around 7:15pm and was greeted warmly by a very nice man who sat us immediately. Initially based off the good reviews, vibe of the place, the menu, and pictures in the menu we thought we were in for a great Chinese experience. Don't be fooled. Little did we know we were entering the Twilight Zone. We place our order between 7:20pm - 7:25pm. The server, finally comes over with the nastiest cups of straight from the faucet tap water-- lukewarm with melted ice. We ordered Fried Dumplings, Sautéed Crispy Pork, Steamed Veggies and 2 beers. We were informed that they don't have a liquor licence so we couldn't get beers, so we settled for the Hudson River tap water. Then we wait. We wait for dumpling for almost 30 mins. If I wanted to wait 30 mins for Dumplings I would have made them from scratch myself-- In fact I've made better. The Dumpling were nothing to brag about, and were filled with what seemed to be brown/gray mystery meat.Meanwhile, while we're sitting in the Twilight Zone playing the waiting game, the gentlemen next to us who came in AFTER us was being treated like Prince Harry and Beyonce's secret love-child. Getting an uncomfortable amount of attention and stellar service. While we were waiting 30 mins for one dish he had already received TWO dishes.  Now it's 8:15pm, halfway through our Hudson River tap water and still the main entrees are nowhere to be found. All the while, the server is lurking behind my chair like a lion hunting his prey. He senses that we're getting restless. I called him over to see what was happening he says "It's coming. They're [backed up in the kitchen], but its's coming soon". How?! Where?! The place wasn't even busy! Also, the guy next to us is now on this THIRD dish. How Lord God?! How?!?!8:30pm, we've now waited OVER AN HOUR. At this point our feeling of hunger has been replaced with frustration. 8:35, the waiter comes over with the most pitiful plate of wilted greens and still the Crispy Sautéed Pork is MIA. Nope! Absolutely not! HELL NO! This is not acceptable! I walk over to the counter and ask for the check. There is no apology, no consideration, no empathy, no concern for customer service at all. The don't even pretend to care! They literally don't care! THEN they try to charge us for the Crispy Pork that NEVER CAME! No! Given my demeanor they promptly remove it.  8:45, we leave this "restaurant" just as quick as a raging river and walk to the nearest Dairy QueenOverall: It was pretty heinous experience. I will NEVER come back to this place. I will make sure that friends/family/animals/insects/ghosts never step a single foot into this establishment. Do better!
I work near union square. Bored of the same places for lunch everyday me and my friend decided to venture little further out.  Came to this place after looking at pics and reviews from yelp.  But I can say for me and my friend we are not coming back.  Food wasn't good. Can't really describe but had to leave most of it and leave the place hungry.  I had the beef noodle soup and my friend had some pork stir fry dish.   It it was way to sweet and the beef noodle soup the noodles were way over cooked. Anyway disappointing and crossing off my list.
Though a relative newcomer to the scene this place is proving itself to be one of the best Chinese restaurants in Manhattan, if not the absolute best. That's a claim I make in all seriousness; I've eaten at quite a few. It's not hip, it's not trendy, it doesn't attract the cool crowd (somehow mainly middle aged Chinese businessmen instead), but it's laser focused on the one thing that matters: churning out STUNNING northern Chinese cuisine.The deal: This is some fly northern Chinese food right here, specifically from the province of Liaoning. It's actually incredibly, incredibly good. I've eaten here probably close to a dozen times at this point and each and every time I've been truly blown away by the quality of the food -- everything is utterly on point, authentic (to the point of being better than most of what you get in China), and most importantly extremely delicious. Ingredients are quality and fresh as all hell. I can't think of a dish I've gotten here that I haven't loved, though the green bean sheet jelly, pork and eggplant, and tree mushroom dishes are particular standouts.Do yourself a favor though and ignore the Chinese-American lunch specials (egg rolls, moo shu pork, etc.) -- that stuff is expectedly average -- and instead sit down and take your time with the real good northern stuff, like the killer steamed dumplings or cumin lamb. And if you're not sure what's northern and what's not, just ask! (They're pretty friendly.)It's also a fantastic restaurant for large groups. I've brought lots of people here on several occasions and everyone always loves it and has lots of fun. Plus that way you get to enjoy more dishes.As if that wasn't enough, this place is silly cheap. Especially when you come with friends. We're talking like $10 a person INCLUDING tax and tip.
We came for the lunch special. A pretty good deal for $8.99. A small soup (the hot and sour was pretty good), rice and a spring roll come with. A large pot of good green tea was served gratis. I found my food to be a little bland but fresh and good. Good portion. I saw they had a large fish tank and I was delighted that they may have fresh seafood and lobster soon. I see they have authentic dishes like pork intestine, fried squid head and pork with sour cabbage and pork blood cake. These are things you don't see often outside Chinatown or China itself. I did not see duck on the menu but a picture of a crispy duck kept flashing on a flat screen TV across the room. Hope to see it on the menu soon.They seem to have a little trouble with English as a second language, so be patient. They do not yet have a booze license. They make their own noodles and dumplings in-house and give a 10% discount to YMCA members and employees.This is a very new place, so be prepared for menu changes without notice, which happens with fledgling restaurants. I'm a big fan of Chinese food, so I intend to be back for dinner and take-away. Please put duck on the menu.
the food is pretty good. I rated 1 star just because the Chinese delivery guy's attitude is horrible. Never gonna order delivery from this restaurant again.
Agree with other reviewers, this is not a fast food take out Chinese place that you find on ever corner. It's the real deal. Courteous, friendly and quick to greet you when you walk in. Tables have good amount of space between them for a high chair or stroller and music isn't loud so you can here what the person next to you is saying. Definitely child friendly.Food was fresh. Tried the soup dumplings, shrimp fried rice, kung pao chicken, pork dumplings, and condensed milk buns. I don't particularly like kung pao chicken but I liked it this time. Good balance of sweet and spicy. Plus you can tell the sauce was house made.  Soup dumplings had little to no soup in them (you don't need the soup spoon to eat it you can go ahead and stab them with your fork).Will definitely be coming back here.
Very affordable restaurant food and fresh, and menu contents in great detail, next time I will introduce my friends back again!
Good Chinese dishes! Like it! As a Chinese, personally I would like to say it's the taste of my hometown.
Oh wow. I wish I could've been bribed with the 10% discount this past Saturday. I only had a cursory glance of the reviews and thought the high rating, paired with a recommendation from a friend, would be more than enough to make the visit worthwhile. It was not. The food here is spectacularly average, almost impressively so. I didn't have a single dish where I thought: "oh damn. would order that again." The four of us pigged out a bit and ordered EIGHT, count 'em, eight dishes. Here's the breakdown:1. Pig skin gelatin: sounds gross, but most Chinese people will know what I'm talking about. Usually topped with vinegar and diced raw garlic, this one wasn't actually too bad. Acceptable.2. Fuqi Feipian: Chewier than most. This one barely passed for muster.3. Braised pork with vermicelli: So bad. So. So. So. So. Bad. The meat was not only overly salty but there was a tremendous amount of fat on it. The noodle fell pretty flat as well. 4. Pork bones with a straw so you can sip the marrow fat through a straw (not!): This was pretty much a scam. You're being charged however much money for 4 small pieces of bone that are dry and (surprise) salty. The bones pictured in the menu aren't even remotely close tot he bones you get on your plate. In fact, those are bones located on a completely different part of the pig's body. Ugh. Whatever. This dish was just bullshit.5. Scallion pancakes with filling: I ordered this knowing it'd be a tank of a meal and that it would serve as the primary filler in case the other dishes failed to impress. Good thing I did or we'd have left this place starving. 6. Dumplings: We got the pork & cabbage and the lamb. Served in steam bun holders rather than plates, I thought this was super weird. I couldn't tell if it was just way of serving the restaurant thought would impress white people, but this is not how you serve dumplings. Wtf is this. 7. Veggies: You had the choice to get the veggie dish served completely devoid of sauce and they would instead put it on the side. We wanted to try it as no other Chinese restaurant does this but soon found out why-- white ppl's way of eating food is often flawed and it's better to stirfry veggies WITH sauce to better mix the flavors. Dude this place was awful. Do NOT come here.
This place is such a gem! The hand made dumpling skins were very authentic. We had the three flavor one which was delicious. The chicken meat xian bin was amazing. "Juice" literally dripped as we bit into them. I wouldn't recommend the chicken and mushroom hot pot dish if you don't like the woody taste of mushroom. It's got a weird taste...  Now to end on a strong note-The sour picked noodles were unique and a classic. Definitely will return!
I like the lamb chop, sweet potato dessert, and the dry pot cauliflower. Handmade dumpling was okay. Overall good quality food!
Decent enough Chinese food for the location. To be honest, the food itself is nothing special - you can get the same thing for half the price in Chinatown.However, the servers actually try to try here, and the food hits the spot.
Location and decor are not the greatest... but this place is about value...at least their lunch specials..are high quality for the price. Dont come for dinner...but must come for lunch...there really isnt any competition in this area. Sesame chicken is super yummy..on the crispy side...but that is fine by me. The spring roll is best ive had in long time. Gotta come for lunch
Very traditional Dongbei dish's taste in New York. Been here twice, tried different dishes and all of them are good.
Sometimes they are a bit rude if you are not Chinese. Once I had to leave because the lady at counter endlessly didn't take my takeout order. It was a bit much. They've also messed up orders. That said, the food is good and unique, albeit expensive.
Significantly better than average flavoring and spice levels versus typical establishments in its niche.Clean, attractive premises and respectful, low key service.Especially above standard - the inexpensive package lunch has over two dozen choices,not the usual 10-12.  Also management do not impose a surcharge for brown versus white rice.  It is not the cost saving I am highlighting - but the integrity of not pretending to fool anyone that brown rice costs more than a fraction of a cent more to buy or cook.
Fast, cheap, and friendly. The food isn't mindblowingly fantastic which is why they only got four stars. But I would still 100% recommend it for lunch. For $10 I was completely satisfied. And it's a great place to go alone for a lunch. Will definitely go again!
Good taste. Unique Northeastern Chinese cuisine. I am glad they opened the 3rd/4th store in Manhattan.
Came for lunch, their LUNCH specials are EXCELLENT portions, tasty and quick. LOVED every bite of it... if only they were closer, i'd go everyday for lunch! Come try Chinese cuisine from North East China! SO SO GOOD!
Very authentic Chinese northern food. Loved it. Big portion and reasonable price, too. Would definitely come back.
This food was tasteless and barely edible. I was shocked it had so many stars and we were both extremely disappointed. For Asian delivery  food to be this bad in NYC ... unbelievable.
The food is subpar. I will say my boyfriend and I got the most westernized Chinese dishes on the menu (chow mein and general tso), however it still doesn't warrant lack of flavor. My boyfriend also got fried beef dumplings which I didn't try but he also noted they weren't very good. It was so bad we barely ate our meal and took it to go only to throw it out in the trash outside because we felt bad explaining how bad it was. The only thing we enjoyed was the beer. Maybe the more authentic dishes are good, but I won't be back to try them.
Went to grab a quick ice cream snack with my friends before riding the subway. We ordered the Snow White ice cream but the lady waitress did not understand even after we pointed at the picture. They made the winter lover instead and was still charged. The ice cream was good and the ambiance was nice but communication needs some work.
The dumplings are to die for! The crispy sweet and sour chicken was equally amazing. My boyfriend had the lamb was pretty good was well. The service was a little slow but the food made up for it. I would definitely go back.
Came in after seeing a review on Sinovision.  Maybe I ordered the wrong dishes.  The soup dumplings were not very juicy (the soup was lacking) and the dipping sauce provided was lacking the shredded ginger I so love.  I also ordered the Tiger Vegetable. It was not what I expected. It was mostly shredded raw scallions with some shredded green and red pepper and some cilantro. All I can taste was the raw scallions.
I really cheer for restaurant entrepreneurs.  I really dislike giving a bad rating because as an avid Yelp user, I understand the ramifications.  Sometimes though, things are just so bad and the other reviews just so strangely disconnected from reality that one has to speak up. (And I'm definitely overdue for some user-generated content anyway.)  I really don't take this negative review lightly.  Hopefully they learn from this feedback. My brother and I went to Auntie Guan's the afternoon of Monday June 6, 2016 and we ordered:1) Steamed Soup Dumplings - absolute disaster - the biggest disappointment of the meal.  Five of the six were broken and without soup and the pork in most of them was very pink and seemed under-cooked... we ended up throwing most of it away, and survived the portion we ate; 2) Chinese Leek Turnover - not too bad;3) Cold Noodles - noodles were nice, but the broth too sweet, and see below for what was an overall embarrassing performance.I should backtrack a little... we originally ordered the Danan Noodles, but after a few minutes they came back to let us know that they were out of certain ingredient(s) and asked if it would be ok to serve the dish anyway.  The waitress was sweet, but had a hard time communicating and it felt like the missing ingredient(s) was(were) perhaps critical. We opted for the Cold Noodles.The first dish to arrive was the Cold Noodles and that's really when things went downhill.  It was missing the spread of sliced beef as presented on the menu.  I immediately flagged the waitress and she came back over... showed her the dish and asked her "where's the beef?"... trying to be somewhat funny but knowing full well I was VERY un-funny and that she wouldn't get the joke.  She let out a big yelp (not pandering here, it was literally a yelp), took the spoon and started fishing around the soup looking for the beef, grabbed the dish and ran it back into the kitchen.  After a minute, she came back out with the same dish in hand and had the HILARIOUS gall to tell us that we must have eaten the beef.  We started laughing, but it quickly became obvious that she was serious and very clearly mindlessly passing on a message from the kitchen.  It was at that point my light heartedness turned to a pretty serious level of disappointment.  I told her that her suggestion was utterly absurd.  She comically scurried back into the kitchen with the dish, likely knowing it was unwise to spend another second defending her accusation.  Moments later a gentleman who appeared to be a cook came back out with the bowl.  On it was a very tiny spread of very rigid and very marbled beef that clearly came straight from the fridge - to be fair, I guess refrigerated beef makes sense on cold noodles (shrug).  I tried a piece and deemed it inedible.  Even my brother wouldn't eat it and I figure he's probably the most likely person to eat something to avoid a confrontation... yours truly being the second most likely.  (I have a picture but resisted posting in fear of causing too much damage.)  Who knows, maybe the style beef was too "authentic" for our palettes  - we are only half asian after all.  But I've had similar beef in Chinatown and liked it.Anyway, hopefully Auntie Guan's gets it's act together.  The staff on the floor seemed very nice, but I'm not too confident the same can be said for the staff in the kitchen given the energy they projected.  I worked in a restaurant through my high school and college years and know that personalities in the kitchen are absolutely critical to food quality and the performance out on the floor.Either way, please don't be fooled by the currently high rating.  I have never ever walked out of a restaurant with so much food uneaten.
Love the braised beef noodle soup it's the BEST not exaggerating
Food  as pretty decent. There is definitely better in the area but not bad when you're in a rush. However, there are no substitutions for noodles and both the gentleman with the black hoop earring and the cashier with the thick black round glasses were really condescending when relaying the information. When asked if instead of white/brown rice, to have vegetable noodles, my friend was immediately shut down. She was willing to pay the extra fee, if there was any, but apparently that wasn't an option. I guess the customer isn't always right at this location.
Came to this place 3 times already. So far it's always nice experience.Tried Peking duck this time. It's a little pricy but tastes really good. Really close to Peking duck in China. I've also came at lunch time before, 7.99 for lunch special with entree, rice and spring roll is a pretty good deal.Braised pork with vermicelli is a must try.
The best classic and more regional specialty Chinese: like a crispy sweet and sour pork that is not cloying; like a spiced cumin lamb; like a steamed dumplings of pickled cabbage and pork. Just fantastic.
Very good food, taste great! Especially the Chinese pancake! People who like northeast Chinese food should visit
The food is just fine. I can't say that they offered a delicious Chinese food, just fine. The only good thing for this restaurant is a good environment. BTW, no reservation no seat is really annoying!
I really like the other location and I am glad to see an authentic chinese sit down restaurant located outside of Chinatown/Flushing.  The dishes are mainly Northern flavored.
Went here last night after Yelping for good Chinese in the 'hood. This is not your standard mediocre Chinese-ish place. The food is interesting--very fresh and clean and I did not feel "MSGed" (as another post complained) after eating here. Most of the diners were Asian, so I suspect that it's more authentic than most. I had a vegetarian dish that resembled moo shu, called ever so boringly but accurately "Bean Sprout Scrambled Egg Wood Ear Wrapped," but was much lighter and more fresh and so incredibly delicious and satisfying. It was expensive: $14, but probably enough for two meals if I didn't always stuff my big fat face. I don't even know what to call it to order someplace else, but I guess I won't have to, I'll just come back here when I am in the neighborhood again. I cannot wait to try their other dishes!
First time trying a Donbei cuisine in New York, and I felt like going back home (though I am a Beijinger). We ordered five courses for two people 酱大骨,馅饼,杀猪菜,皮蛋豆腐,地三鲜, and obviously we could not consume that much. Everything was extremely good and I loved them all!! Will have our second try tonight and we would like to order 小鸡炖蘑菇 or 猪肉粉条 (cannot try them both at the same time). LOVE IT!
The service was really good. Very attentive and friendly. They serve fast too. The food all have good presentations. But everything all seem plain. For the typical north eastern Chinese cuisine, you would expect something more spicy and flavorful.
Excellent, relatively unique Vegetarian & pescaterian steamed DUMPLINGS. -- Leek and Shrimp with Eggs Dumpling -- Loofah Dumpling Pretty quick delivery, as well !
the best chinese takeout food in the area. when it arrives to my apartment, it's always pretty fresh and the flavors sit welli've ordered the following:cucumber country style, wonton soup (exceptional), noodles mixed with sesame paste, kung pao chicken, shredded pork and all were amazing. seriously some of the best chinese food in all of manhattan. delivery is quick too!!the only thing that i wouldn't order again are the string beans. a little oily and not too flavorful.highly recommend!!
Terrible service and the food is not great. The server took forever to come to our table to take our orders. My friend and I waited about 15 minutes without water or tea or anything like that before we felt need to actually flag the guy down. I ordered small wonton soup (listed as an entree on the menu - not an appetizer) and chicken cutlet dish. The soup took longer than expected (maybe 20 minutes) and it was so-so. After waiting another 20 minutes for the chicken, I had to flag the guy down again just to check on it. I saw him happily socializing with his co-worker most of the time and half-heartedly cleaning a couple of tables - completely oblivious to the two customers trying to get his attention. Once the chicken cutlet dish came from a different server, I asked for a side of rice, and he took just as long as the other guy to get back to us. When it finally came I took one bite and was done. Not sure if it's because this place is Asian Fusion but the taste was just wrong. If you're looking for food that actually tastes like Chinese food then don't go here. Again - Took forever to get ANYONE'S attention at that point. Even the workers standing by the cashier (probably 4 feet or so away from our table) were too busy socializing to notice us. When Server #2 finally came (without the rice - I just happen to catch him as he was walking past us), I just asked for a to-go box for the chicken and for the rice I asked for earlier to be boxed up as well. We paid then left. It wasn't until I was on the subway that I noticed he didn't include any rice.My friend and I were well-mannered throughout the dinner so I don't think the terrible service was due to any rudeness or anything like that on our end. The staff that night was just extremely neglectful. Even the girl sitting at the table next to us was having issues getting someone's attention. Terrible place!
Worst meal I have had in NYC.  I ordered sticky rice and the fried pork dumplings and barely could eat either.  Had one bite of sticky rice!  You would think this would be their clue I was not scamming but I paid ticket  because I am kind.  This restaurant doesn't have a clue how to cook or treat their customers.  Pay attention when someone says it tastes awful and replace or compensate your patrons!! Not recommended!!Zero stars!!
Really authentic northern Chinese food. Close to subway station. Will come back again
My new favorite Chinese restaurant in town in terms of quality/price. Have been coming here every other week for a few months now, and there's honestly nothing to fault them for -- the food is flavorful and comes in large portions; service is friendly and attentive; prices are significantly lower than its competitors (around $20 including tip and tax per person usually). Compared with other Chinese places, Hakkasan and buddakan are too fancy and expensive for everyday dinner; xi'an famous food too limited in its food selection; random dimsum place in chinatown has too long of a wait. Don't get me wrong, these are all restaurants that I've been to and would love going back to again once in awhile, it's just that Auntie Guan's the only one that I wouldn't be bored dining at every day if I had the opportunity. At least not yet.
***** Yelp 10% OFF coupon *****We were excited to find such a highly rated restaurant but it turned out to be a very disappointed experience. We had a party of six with no reservation. They had two big round tables but instead moved a few tables around and seated us next to the front doors away from everyone. Since they didn't close the sliding doors, people were walking in off the street right next to our table and stared at us eating. This awkward seating should have been an omen. We quickly got our table place settings. However,  I looked at my small dish and it was covered in dust. No thank you. The service then slowed down, it took a while to get our order in and we had to flag the waiter down to ask for refills of water. We tried to order dumplings for an appetizer but was told it would come out after our meal so we opted for spring roll. To our surprise a an order of dumplings came out after 15 minutes, we told him we were expecting spring rolls. He took them away then came back to question us about 'our mistake'. Finally, the first entree came out after about 30 mins but the next one didn't follow for 10 mins. The entrees continued to trickle out the kitchen. Then suddenly our order of spring rolls came out. They still came out after our meal and about 30 minutes after ordered them. So towards the end of dinner half of us finished before two people received there dinner. The food was hot and average. It didn't seem to be any better than a quick take out place. The only dish that looked good was a noodle soup. It had black mushrooms, seaweed, big noodles, and whole hard boiled egg and a brown tasty broth. We even had to correct the check since they didn't remove the dumplings. However, they politely corrected it and added the yelp 10% coupon. I really wanted to like Auntie's but I wouldn't feel right recommending it to anyone. They had numerous problems from cleanliness, poor service, and food quality.  I don't see how it has such a high rating with all these mistakes. Hopefully they will shine in the future and my low rating will wash away by five star reviews.
This place is good, nice... Clean... Price is acceptable. Fried Rice noodle w. Pork is yummy. Definitely will come back.
Great food, I've loved their food since their first location in flushing. It didn't lose its authentic-ness even though they've got many more locations now. 好吃好吃好吃～ 家乡的味道，想姥姥了。
Horrible, horrible food.  Tastes only of salt.  To their credit, they did take one dish back, but the second dish was just as flavorless and salty.   Also, very slow service.  Avoid at all costs.
Unbelievable how bad the food is here. I ordered two dishes. Both very salty. The vegetables and noodles were so sad. I just went to the front cashier, paid, and left. Not surprisingly, she just went ahead and took my credit card for payment, no questions asked.
Best dumpling in NYC! Love it so much! The service are nice! Very decent Northeast Chinese food!
Delicious northern Chinese food! We got the mapo tofu, sautéed beef and scallions, and sautéed string beans. The perfect amount of spice for a cold April evening. Service was also 5stars - food came out quickly and waiters were very attentive.
Great food and service, a rare find in Manhattan if you are into Northeastern Chinese food.
I like it so much.l first time go there with my Chinese firend. She told me here very special anything,when I done.that is ture. I like so much food is :shuizhuyu,sea food from china.thankyou so much
Very huge portion, really "Dong Bei" cuisine~ not perfectly good but I like it. A go to place when I don't know what to eat. Love the BBQ chicken bones and the sliced potato cold dish.
Delicious, fresh made, food . Great service; very clean restaurant. Nice prices; value for money ! We'll be back 真棒餐厅 !!
Food is disgusting....ordered sesame chicken which was bland as f-ck...my rice was so overcooked, it turned  into white mush....you've been warned....Sammy's down the block is way better!
food here is amazing. If you wanna authentic northern chinese food, come to this place. We ordered from Uber eats and it delivers very fast. Great place. will come back again.
Meh... Service was slow and they barely paid attention to us.  They tried to rush us out.  Food was bland.  Overall, not impressed.
Delicious Chinese food. When u review, u can have 10% discount!  Chinese Babbage, Chinese cabbage dumpling and Braise Lion are delicious. This restaurant suit for more people to eat rather than just one person.
Tried the baby chicken mushroom, was really really bad, gave you the boney parts of the chicken and the soup tasted like nothing
Love the atmosphere, its tucked away past the hustle and bustle of 7th +14th. The portions are very good and generous. Northern Chinese indeed. The General Tso's chicken is just the perfect amount of chew! Not the overpowering sauce you get from the common ones but authentically good. Steamers for the dumplings. Malatang. You can do take out or dine in. A little bar up front to get Bubble tea to go, if you wish. Everyone is awesome here, this is how to do a restaurant.
The food and service were great! I got tea, general Tso chicken, and potstickers! All were great!
we were very excited to order in from this place after finally finding a 4+ star Chinese restaurant in our neighborhood. unfortunately, it did NOT live up to the hype. chicken & broccoli was bland, sesame chicken was dry, dumplings had no sauce with them...oh and there were NO FORTUNE COOKIES - we were very disappointed :(
i went to college in china that is full of food from northeastern region, and this restaurant makes me feel i get back there.
Pretty solid northern Chinese food. Maybe not the real Northeast Chinese style, but having been in Beijing for more than 15 years, I'm happy to see there is some real JingJiang Rou Si(Sauteed Pork with Sweet Bean Sauce) comes to Chelsea area, although they should use more green onion. I like their SuanCai FenSi(Pickled vegetable with vermicelli) as well. Lunch specials have huge portion. The Dan Dan noodle is interesting as it's actually pretty good Liang Pi instead of the usual Dan Dan noodle. Will come again to check other dishes.Service is good as well.
One of the best chinese restaurants ive had in NYC and they do serve pretty authentic northeastern food! Highly recommend this place:)
Lunch special is a great deal. The food is fresh and prepared well. I ordered the sliced spicy pork lunch special. Not too saucy or sweet. Would come back again.
One of my favorite Chinese places in the area! I have a hard time ordering food that isn't dumplings from here because they are SO GOOD. Soup dumplings are typically very hard to transport, but Auntie Guan's makes it work. We ordered soup dumplings, fried dumplings, and chicken and broccoli for delivery, and the food was hot and arrived fast. Will definitely order again!
I really like the place, the environment is good, very authentic northern Chinese food. Highly recommend 杀猪菜 尖椒土豆丝 and 拉皮
Overall food taste is good, services are great.  Not a crowded restaurant, could seat here as long as you want, no one will come rush you out! That's what I like.
I didn't think Chinese food could be this good! We all love Chinese food but Auntie G's really takes it to the next level of deliciousness. They have the best General tsaos chicken I have ever had. It is sweet, spicy, tangy, sticky and the chicken is slightly crunchy and fried to perfection. Enough said? I think so. Check them out!
I tried the popcorn chicken and sadly it's nothing like it was on the menu or on their monitors, no spices or sesame seeds and no written description so you can only go by the illustrations before you order. disappointing and misleading and not good. Poor service here. Water had trash in it with funny taste.  Don't water your time.
Great food good for post workout  gains on gainzzz Authentic chinese food. Very filling and portions are large. Would recommend to come again.
This new one is much nicer than the small restaurant chain on 23rd street. Well done! :)
Truly the best Chinese food I have EVER had and I have lived in SF, CA and NYC!  Service was great.  The physical environment is average, yelp pics make it look nicer than it is but the place is buzzing and full of good energy.  We had a birthday celebration there and every single one of us loved the food and had a great time!  I will definitely be coming back!
The rest of these reviews must be fake. I found Auntie Guan's on Yelp looking for affordable Chinese food near West Village. All the glowing reviews were promising, and when I saw the free online delivery, I was sold. I ordered General Tso's chicken (supposedly one of their specialties) and waited. Not only did the delivery take almost 2 hours (despite the fact that I live one street away from the restaurant), but it was also some of the worst Chinese food I have had in my entire life. Bland, tough, and disgusting. This place is cheap, but you absolutely get what you pay for.
I love this place.    Lots of great food.    Go with friends, order family style, and try it all.   You won't be disappointed.
The food was excellent!!! And our server was very attentive. I got the braised pork noodle soup and my husband got crispy pork. We were both more than satisfied and loved our dishes! We can't wait to come back and try more stuff!
Visiting from Cali and stumbled on this place! Super yummy, clean and attentive staff. Glad we found this place!
Delicious, lovely service & Yelp offer redemption was easy.  Like it here -- the soup dumplings are more meaty than soupy, but still taste good.
Traditional family style Chinese food. The food was pretty tasty but like a reviewer named Sabrina had said in her review, they hand over your phone to you with an already 5 star rating and expect you to review the place for the 10% discount. Can't say for sure but I think I got food poisoning from here. I might have to agree that they do treat you differently if they see that you're not authentically Chinese; my friend was caucasian and they placed us near the front door because supposedly we didn't have a "reservation."
Service was fast. We added to our order at the last minute(some dumplings)  and the they were quick to add the items with little hassle.
As a native of northeastern region of China, I can attest the authenticity of the food here. It's no different from the majority of the restaurants there, though may be not on par with the finest northeastern food. All that being said, it's still good enough to be recommended to other people in nyc. I took one star off because when they used my Yelp to give me a 10%  check-in discount, they tried to write a five-star review on my behalf.... Not a big fan of this act.
One of the best Chinese restaurant I have ever had the pleasure of visiting professionalism the lamb and cumin was amazing one of the best places you ever going to win it eat in New York City we must come they are not your average Chinese restaurant everyone should come here at least once in their lifetime
Cool and delicious Chinese restaurant. 白菜粉丝炖排骨 is highly recommended. Best northeastern Chinese food in Manhattan
Food was great. We especially liked the sesame chicken and calamari. The service was pleasant and the ambiance was enchanting.
This is delicious Chinese food in Manhattan. Prices are great and food comes out quickly. Service is very good also.
My family and I are in Chinese food euphoria. Everything we ordered was perfect. It's the best wonton soup ever. Nothing like it around. We can't say enough about it. Every time I visit NYC, I'll be sure to eat here.
I really don't understand the current rating of this place. Maybe because the area is lacking in Chinese restaurants, people are rating it high. Walked in on a weekday afternoon for lunch. Place was empty and not a single waiter looked my way. I sat myself and then had try to catch somebody to get a menu for 5 minutes. Had the country style cucumber appetizer which I've had in many other places. This was more like a plate of salt with cucumbers added. Unbearable to eat  there were chunks of salt everywhere. Hot and sour soup is neither hot nor sour but it is cold. Shredded pork with hot chili sauce was very sour and just average. Lunch menu prices are good otherwise the prices are standard with NYC. There are a ton of better Chinese places in NYC. Do yourself a favor and venture out somewhere else. Chinatown is not too far away.
Love the food there! And the waiters are so nice! It is very authentic Northeastern Chinese food. Try the dumplings and bubble tea there, they are so perfect!
We got the pork in hot chili oil, split it because it was big and it was absolutely delicious!
great place, friendly service, fair price, most important, this restaurant provides really native and delicious representation of the northeastern Chinese dishes.I recommend and would repeat.
Maybe it was just me, but I was not impressed with my delivery order. I could be impartial because when I called and asked why I didn't receive any soy sauce the lady said " You should've asked for some". They might in fact be good, but delivery service was not and I will not spend $30 with them ever again.
This place was nice, especially the cumin lamb, but way over-rated on yelp.  Very quiet and nice to come to with family, but not a top-end New York Chinese place.
Everything is perfect and waiters are nice. Definitely recommend this restaurant.
Auntie Guan has three restaurants, this one on 14th is the worst! The food was not fresh and taste so bad that I throw them away. It's not a good choice no matter you like authentic Chinese food or American Chinese food.
I don't know who Auntie Guan is, but she needs to go back to culinary school.I ordered three rather simple dishes (ingredient wise) and was very disappointed by my selection: MaPo Tofu, Kung Bao Chicken and dumplings.-Mapo was extremely bland, no flavor present whatsoever.-Kung Bao chicken was chewy and bland- no dried chili peppers?!-Dumplings were the only thing I managed to eat and they sure weren't great either.I know what good Chinese food is and this isn't it. This place will not last long.
Green beans were legit!I've spent lots of time in China and this gets my seal of approval.
Once again, on my journey in exploring the wonderful world of the culinary arts in New York City, I have discovered one of the most authentic full of passion in an orgasmic intimacy in it's divine taste in flavors of the northeastern chinese cuisine I indeed enjoyed dining there and being able to indulge myself into their creative and unique mixing of herb spices full of aromas from the smell blended together of garlic, onion and the right touch to their savory dishes done to perfection and keeping the focus on to it consumers' best interest when looking to explore and indulge themselves into a world of unexpected expectations to a breath taking experiences of enjoyment on a whole new level of the unknown.
Love all there food! Especially the Fried Pork w. Sweet & Sour sauce! This place is just opened, the staffs are very friendly but little slow hahahaha well they are new I guess (it will get better)....  the owner is very sweet! Even though there is not much customers right now, however I am sure they will do well soon or later! Best of luck & love the food! Come on in, give it a try and I know you will come back again!
Steamed Dumpling's so good, at least fit my Chinese stomach so well. Saluted pea is always my favorite.
One of the best restaurants featuring Dongbei dishes in NYC. Love it and will definitely come again!
Best General Tso's I've ever had. I order from here at least 3 times per month. Great portions. Great value. Great flavors. Highly recommend.
Randomly walked passed this place and found some great dishes.  The Braised Pork with Vermicelli was rich and flavorful, and the Lamb with cumin reminded me of the food I had in X'ian.  A great fine and will go again.
The dumplings I ordered looked pink / raw. The short ribs were flavorless. Too bad - because the northern Chinese food looked promising at first glance!
What a find a real Chinese Restaurant on 14th Street. Could be very busy
A great restaurant for Dongbei food! Very traditional and delicious Chinese food. Good for gathering with friends and hanging out with family.
OMG!  The sesame noodles were delivered  not only with virtually no sauce (perhaps 1 tablespoon) they were so overcooked if I pressed my fork lightly they turned to paste.I am not sure about the Chinese Cabbage Dumplings, because they never arrived with a dipping sauce! The delivery man came back with about 4 more tablespoons of sesame paste (tasted like thickened mustard dressing) and pancakes!! don't know where the pancakes came from, I just wanted something for the dumplings. Once again I called asked then to take back the noodles and credit my card; no response to that, just the delivery guy will be bringing me soy sauce.  I highly do not recommend this restaurant for delivery.
Love this place. It has dynamic flavor that is not your typical Chinese restaurant. The ingredient is fresh and high quality. It is a must try if you know your Chinese food. Auntie Guan herself is a wonderful friendly lady that we love to talk to when we visit. Come by and try it yourself!
This is an amazing Chinese restaurant! I really like the dumplings here! They serve Northeast Chinese cuisine which you have to try!
I have been to Auntie Guan's restaurant several times! Really enjoy the food there !!!!! Will recommend food to come here often !
Nice chinese restaurant outside of Chinatown, friendly staffs....keep up the good food!!!
I'm very glad that they have this location open in Manhattan. I used to go to their flushing location a lot. The food is very good. We ordered lamb chops with cumin, it's really authentic and good portion. The environment and service are nice as well. Will definitely come again.
Very authentic northeastern Chinese food. On top of that, this is a very sincere Chinese restaurant that uses very good ingredients. Dishes are super fresh, flavorful and not greasy at all.
One of us was food poisoned by the under cooked string beans. Everything else was pretty mediocre too. I suppose I won't come again ever.
Great authentic northern Chinese food with some extremely hard to find dishes outside of SoCal.
Awesome new spot to satisfy your craving for authentic northern Chinese cuisine!! Must try!!
This place reminds of my mom's cooking. Authentic cuisine from Northeastern China. Food is absolutely delicious and it feels like home. Def gonna come back often for Chinese food in Manhattan.
Excellent, authentic Chinese food. After living in Hong Kong for 8 years and visiting China dozens of time, we missed the fresh authentic food and flavors. We finally found them near home. Auntie Guan's has recently opened on 14th, btwn 6th and 7th Aves, and we will make it a regular place. We had some dim sum and veggies, and can't wait to come back with a bigger group so we can share many more dishes. A must try if you like real Chinese food!!
This is my second time here, really love the food here. I'd say this is the best Chinese restaurant in nyc
Food is real ( you might have to look through the menu like any other real chinese place) and decent. Owner is very down to earth and helpful. Service is great. I like the people here and I think this place is as good as it gets in this area.
Triple pork intestines are legit if you like authentic Chinese food from northern China. Great selection on the menu.We ordered a meat dish, fish dish, noodles, and vegetable dish for our party of 3. Very filling meal. Would return for another visit.
Service and quantity were good, but the mapo tofu was not as flavorful as other places nearby and the rice was too sticky for my taste. (Yours may differ and I still say this place is worth giving a shot!)
Very busy place and seemed to be worth the wait. Wide variety of items to choose from in addition to the portions are family style. Be ready to share. If you want something unique, try the sour cabbage.
Love this place. The food was flavourful and authentic. The servers were friendly and polite. Definitely will be coming back again to try the rest of the menu.
Awesome restaurant. delicious northeastern Chinese cuisine. We ordered shazhucai , malaxiangguo and other stuff and they are are very delicious. Super fast service, love it
Delivery was supposed to be 30 min and took 1 hourFood was very good Streamed pork dumplings Crispy pork with sweet and sour sauce, deliciously tangy
the sweet chilli chicken was amazing!The ambience was good and the waiters were very kind and helpful.
Easily one of my favorite Chinese restaurants. Food is fresh and delicious. Nicely decorated and spacious .
Great hot pot (Mala) with fish balls and pickled cabbage/pork dumplings. Authentic, very reasonably priced, and conveniently located off the subway. I was pleasantly surprised and the next time I've got a hankering for the food of my peoples I'll come back. The drinks looked good too (herbal beer, anyone?)
It's delicious! I love the Northeast style taste from China. The noodle was fantastic! I would be back to try more in the future.
The service here is terrible. If you are not Chinese they will not serve you properly. My friend and I had to physically get up and look for a menu, we were not served water, and they did not give us one of the dishes we ordered. And by the way, they will only give you the 10% off if you write a positive review for them. So most of the good reviews here may not even be real.
At last, a place serving real Dongbei food in Manhattan! We used to have to go to Flushing for this kind of thing. Portions are well sized and delicious, served in the simple-but-satisfying style of the far northern Chinese province. We had the sweet and sour pork, the pancake with vegetables, and the braised pork with vermicelli. All were very filling and totally what we were looking for!
Decent northeastern Chinese food at reasonable prices and good decor. Would come again for the stews!
Everyone else already talked about the greatness of authentic northeastern Chinese food so I'll just quote my food partner: "the waiters are cute!"
Pretty good Chinese food. Not so greasy and taste authentic! Get the fried dumplings. They are juicy and great flavor.
Excellent service, people here know how to make you feel like home. The food was delicious, I had the lamb cumin, pork pancake, and cabbage & pork dumplings. I even order their crispy pork in sweet and sour sauce as a takeout. If that wasn't enough, they gave us a sugar glazed sweet potato for free, jas a complement. I will gladly comeback and try their other dishes :)
Ordered the braised beef noodle soup.  It has generous portion and the soup is a little spicy, perfect for a winter lunch.
Three and a half stars. Contrary to prior reviews, I found this restaurant quite pricey. About $95 for 2 people with tip: 2 beers, 2 appetizers, fried rice, pea shoots and spicey chicken. Pea shoots alone were $19.99. Weird menu, Cooking Channel segment appears to run on a loop in the dining room. Service OK but just OK.
Aunty Guan's is DELICIOUS!! We liked Dan Dan noodles and ziyan beef the most. Will definitely be a new regular on our go-to list.
As a Native Chinese I can tell this place is a really 'original' taste Chinese restaurant . There food style is like north East China's taste, which is kind of different with the food in china town.
I asked who is Auntie Guan and the servers there said "our boss." Northern Chinese cuisine is diverse and varied but dumplings are a staple and they have a great selection. I loved the egg and tomato ones, and also tried their style of dan dan noodles. Different from what you would find in Sichuan restaurants but still good. There are lots of things to try on the menu so I plan to come back multiple times in the future!
The dumplings are real deal. The serving amount is large. Nice place to chill with friends and enjoy a cozy dinner.
