Worth the wait.Definitely a place I'll be back to again and again, and bring hungry friends to (even if it's a little out of the way).Their chicken is incredibly tender, and the 10* spicy dishes are almost perfect for me (could honestly be a little more). I also really enjoy their scallion pancake, while usually I don't think it's anything special.You'll have leftovers for sure!
A colleague of mine recommend Han dynasty. My friend got there at 7pm and was able to get a table for 3 people without any wait. We sat down and ordered drinks right away. For the dishes that we ordered everything was really good, list below. Dan Dan Noodles- I love noodles, so I also liked these. My friend who doesn't like noodles liked these as well. Wonton in chili oil- my favorite so so good. Scallion pancakes- my personal favorite, my friend said she's had better, but I loved them so Kung pow chicken- I know, very basic. But whatever, this was pretty yummy  a little saltyGrilled pork belly - my friend raved about this By the time we got our food it was packed, therefore service wasn't as prompt. Also tables a little too close to each other, so there were a few times the waiter's butt would be close to my face. Overall, would be back.
I really love Han Dynasty and was a fan of it in Philadelphia, and continue to enjoy eating there in NYC. I'll say that the food isn't extremely spicy, but you can customize to your preference. It's pretty popular and the restaurant isn't that big, so for dinner there is often a wait. Lunch was a lot less crowded. Service is fine, atmosphere is fine. Food favorites: - Dan Dan Noodles (noodles cooked perfectly)- Wontons in Chili Oil- Hot Sauce Style Fish (fish is so soft, sauce is delicious - they'll even pack it up for you to take home...you could definitely make something else with that sauce) - Three Cup Chicken: pieces of chicken that are sweet/salty, but not in an overly Americanized way; very unique dish that I haven't had anywhere else - Wonton in Chicken Broth: the wontons are ok, but the broth is delicious and has a white pepper spiciness to it
Without a doubt the best Chinese food I've ever had. Being a vegetarian I did not feel as though my options were limited because of the amount of intriguing dishes they had on the menu. I order the cold sesame noodles, veggie rolls, cumin fries, and vegetable fried rice and I was more than impressed. Everything was so packed with flavor and not a single bite was unsatisfactory. The only downside to my dinning experience was that there was no room to move. The place was packed and all the tables are way to close together to feel any sense of comfort. Even though I felt VERY claustrophobic, it was worth it and the food definitely gives this place 5 stars. I will most definitely be back if there are less people dining, but if there are lots of people consider is takeout or delivery.
Seriously this is the best Asian restaurant I've ever been to. And believe me, I've been to a lot of restaurants and have traveled a lot. The wonton soup, salt and pepper shrimp is to die for, the chicken lo mein, chicken friend rice..... I can go on and on. I have been here twice already and I know I will be coming back soon.
Holy peppercorns, Batman! This place looks like a bit of a hole-in-the-wall, but this was genuinely some of the best Chinese food I've had in New York!If you're an adventurous eater (or just someone who likes good food in general) the beef tripe is NOT to be missed. It also goes without saying that the Dan Dan noodles are literal crack. It's loud, close quarters, and service is pretty bare-bones, but everything was fast, came out hot, and was just what we needed after a long week!
Wow. I'm not a fan of chain restaurants, but this place exceeded expectations. The dan dan noodles were excellent, as were the dry pepper chicken wings and wontons in chili oil. The mapo tofu wasn't the best I've had, but oh well. Decent drink selection and they randomly have fishbowls, which we had to try. The tropical fishbowl was great, and it comes with an inverted Tsingtao that you can use to cut the sweetness.
Wow! Tasty spicy wholesome Sichuan cuisine at a very affordable (no kidding, this is largesse for Manhattan) price. We waited over an hour for a table, but it was totally worth it! Ordered the wontons in chili oil, chicken wings, Dan Dan noodle  and Dry Pot style chicken, which turned out a very filling dinner for two hungry men!
It's good! I just think there are much better Sichuan places that I've given 4 stars, so I have to be consistent.To be honest though, the first 2 times I went here I thought it was really good, but now I think the quality has gone down.Anyways, if you want to dip your toes in some new-wave (and/or traditional) Chinese, give this place a go. And if you like it here go try the million better places between here and Flushing.
After frequenting their Manayunk location for years back when I lived in Philly, I was surprised to see they had spots in NYC as well. I knew I had to give one of them a try. We stopped in on a Monday around 3ish and didn't have to wait for a table. Their scallion pancakes are always a solid choice. Although they were a bit on the oily side, they're chewy and flaky. Everything a scallion pancake should be. My braised beef noodle soup was a gift from the gods on that bitter cold day. The bowl was huge and filled to the brim with tender beef, noodles, and veggies. The clear winner was the Kung Pao Chicken. Talk about downright addictive. I couldn't help but sneak another piece when my partner wasn't looking. Han Dynasty continues to deliver top notch food and service.
Came here with a loud and rowdy group of over 30 people for a birthday party. Being the seasoned NYC restauranteur I am I was fully prepared to be treated like filth and turned away, but the staff was actually super helpful, accommodating, and the food was excellent.We had the cucumber,s the scallion pie, the chicken wings (my least favorite of the bunch) and OF COURSE the Don Don noodz (sp intentional). They completely lived up to the hype, so come ready.Even better, the spot is open till 3 am so you're almost always guaranteed to be able to get your noodle fix after a night of skullduggery.Go here
Bold statement: this is the best Chinese food I've ever had??Haven't tried a dish that didn't make my eyes POP out of my head in disbelief. If you can handle spice, then start with an order of the wontons in chili oil. Actually, two orders. Move onto to Dan-Dan noodles, and don't pass up on scallion pancakes... as if you would.
If you want authentic and reliable than look no further. Han Dynasty is the best Sichuan in NYC! Everything I have had on their menu is great but you cannot leave with out trying these three things.. One, Wontons (or dumplings) in chili oil- they will literally melt in you mouth. Not spicy, i guarentee everyone will enjoy them. Two, Scallion pancake- Han makes my favorite scallion pancake. So light and thin with huge flavor. The dipping sauce is also to die for. Get extra!And three, the pièce de résistance- Dan Dan noodles. Words cannot describe how good their dan dan noodles are. I literally crave this meal all the time. Please go!
The standard really seems to have dropped since I last came here four years ago. The atmosphere is pretty terrible - the lighting is dim and the restaurant plays tub-tub-thumping music to get you to finish your food more quickly. Think Top 40 EDM remixes with the occasional foghorn in there.The proportions in the food were all a little off, and sometimes I would get a bite of too much of something. For example, in the pork belly buns, the thin spread of chopped peanuts was good - until it became more like a glob in a certain sections and got overwhelming. Same with the dan dan noodles - I tasted a distinct tahini taste in certain mouthfuls. Don't get me wrong - the food came out super quickly, but I think quality and consistency has been sacrificed.
My sister decided to choose this place for her birthday as she was craving Szechuan. She made reservations the day before, and she made sure to confirm that it was the 3rd avenue location and not the one uptown. She confirmed and made the reservations for 10 people at 8:30pm. When we got there that day, we told the guy at the door, who looked like the manager with his suit, that we had reservations under Cathy. He told us that it must not have been that location because they absolutely did not have anything for that night. That it must've been for the location uptown. My sister confirmed that she made sure to specify that it was this location. He said it was not a problem, to give them 5 minutes and they would clear up a spot. First flag.I asked the girl at the front whether I could drop off the cake and have them put it in the freezer. She waved me off to another guy, Carlos? I asked if he could put the ice cream cake in the freezer. He jokingly said is this cake for me. He said okay he'd put it away. I specified to make sure he knew, this is an ice cream cake okay, it needs to go into the freezer. He said okay.We sat down and it was only a short amount of time of a wait, but what happened to the reservation? They never even confirmed or apologized about not having a reservation or clarified as to what may have happened. The waiter came up and we said we'd like to do the tasting and how did it work because there were different price points. He said $25 per person was chicken, $30 was seafood, and $35 had pork too. We said we wanted the $30. He left, and btw this was the last we saw of him. A girl waitress showed up and said he said it all wrong. $25 was chicken, $30 was more meat, and $35 was the seafood. We said okay fine, the $35. Second flag.The dishes came out and btw you get a lot of plates. The only problem we had was that they all were very oily and all ended up tasting the same. But we came to the conclusion that it's Szechuan and you shouldn't have a bunch of these plates altogether. But it was a tasting. None of them were spicy either. The only one I found a bit spicy was the lamb. But the plates numbered as 7+ we found to not be spicy at all. The noodles were very good though, recommend those, and I liked the fried chicken. Btw they also do not tell you what they're bringing out, they just bring it out.Time for the end, I told them we had a cake and if they could bring it out. My sister secretly paid for the bill and we didn't hear anything from them. Until the cake got brought out. And it was completely melted. Btw now it was a different guy and an older woman. Their excuse was that they didn't know it was ice cream, AKA it wasn't their fault. We told them that we made sure to tell the person that it was ice cream and that it needed to be in the freezer. The woman said there isn't a freezer upstairs, only downstairs. Excuses upon excuses. They ended up dropping off the melted cake on the table and coming out with the numbers candle ontop of a bowl of rice. So. Ghetto. Each point there was so much confusion and so much miscommunication, and each step of the way we dealt with a different person. And btw they did not mention anything about the cake until after the bill was paid and done for and we paid the 20% gratuity ontop. For the fact that we were the biggest party there and the amount of people we had and the amount of food we had and the fact that it's also my sisters birthday, this was all uncalled for. I would absolutely absolutely not recommend this place and would never go back here again. They basically ruined the whole night and I wish we went somewhere else instead, especially since they didn't even have our reservation!ESPECIALLY AVOID IF YOU'RE A BIG PARTY. Just AVOID ALTOGETHER. TLDR: Service stinks. Food was meh.
Got introduce to this place by my sister and I can't say it disappointed too much. Granted the service sucked ass but the food made up for it. Normally has a heck of a wait but on our visit we were lucky thee was on wait and got in and out In a timely mannerDAN DAN NOODLES and DRY PEPPER CHICKEN is all I've ever gotten from hereDAN DAN NOODLES is a egg noodle that is basically dry and tossed in a chili oil sauce that is pretty darn good and big enough to share with another person or so. DRY PEPPER CHICKEN is a pretty good amount portion wise. The chicken itself I crispy and has great flavoring with just enough heat for a little kick back.Service is what sucks here. Wait staff can be rude, impatient. and condescending. Unfortunately has a waiter that was so rude. Came to ask us what we wanted as soon as we sat down and literally rolled his eyes when we said we needed a few minutes. When he came back we asked him a few questions about certain items on the menu to which he turned his back to us and walked away when he didn't feel like answering our questions anymore.Parking.... Do I even need to talk about parking? I mean who drives in NYC? And let's be serious, any establishment in NYC has scarce ass parking and you'll be circling to find parking for at least an hour.
I have to say, I find Han Dynasty's universal appeal both admirable and amusing. You'd think its proximity to NYU would label it as just the stereotypical college go-to Chinese place, but the food is both good and nice enough (no overly greasy Tso's here) that non-students gladly flock here too. After a quick look at the menu you might think it's a tad too authentic to enter the mainstream restaurant scene (how often do you see chile oil beef tendons? Chengdu mung bean noodles?), yet there're plenty of choices for those looking for the more usual Chinese-American fare too. Han does a lot of things well in a setting that's neither too fancy nor too dingy, and it keeps people coming back.My friends love Han but they're not as accustomed to the more 'exotic' dishes, so we went with Taiwanese sausage fried rice, fried dumplings, dry pepper fish, and shrimp lo mein. Everything was fantastic. I'm not even a fan of fried rice OR Taiwanese sausage, yet I devoured my portion and wished there were more. The dumplings and lo mein were both awesome, and the fish was my favorite. It was actually really salty, but I willingly overlooked that because the fry on it was unbelievable. Even with a couple of drinks thrown in the bill came out very reasonable. Around us sat all kinds of people - elderly couples, college students, frat guys, regular adults, of all ethnicities and ages - and maybe it's just because where I'm from, no one eats at relatively traditional Chinese places except Chinese people, but it made me really happy to see such diversity here. I know Han isn't THE most authentic place ever, but still. The place is doing something right!
Double cooked fish (5 stars): this might be our favorite dish here. We've gotten it nearly every time we've eaten here. Super crispy breading around perfectly tender fish every time, paired with slightly sweet leeks in an umami-packed chili sauce.Beef and tripe appetizer (5 stars): also one of our favorites. Paper thin slices of fatty beef and tender tripe, combined with mouth numbing chili sauce and roasted peanuts.Beef noodle soup (4.5 stars): this dish came sooo close to perfection, but the noodles were unfortunately overcooked. Everything else about it evoked comfort food with each bite: savory, beefy, spicy broth, along with extremely tender and generously portioned beef.Mapo tofu (4.5 stars): not as spicy as the other dishes but definitely one of the better versions around. Tofu is soft, and the sauce is meaty, perfect to mop up with rice. Dan dan noodles (3.5 stars): to their credit, it is a rather large portion of noodles. But it could use more pork and more sesame in the sauce.Service-4 stars. Quick and to the point. Lots of seating, good for groups. They'll also open the windows for some fresh city air when the weather permits.
We're seated at a table for 2 by the cashier. My partner was being banged by the takeout orders as the delivery guy  went behind the register the entire time. The food was way spicy.the dried chicken peppers was super fried and very dry .way too loud . Full of millenials. Need to say more. I told them as I left that they should get rid of that table for two.
Food here is quite mild compared to most Szechuan restaurants I've been to. My boyfriend and I had that sneaking suspicion when we saw the clientele (re: not Asian) but we thought maybe New Yorkers liked authentic, spicy foods since they're so worldly. Guess not...Cucumbers: 3.5/5. Surprisingly tasty, and one of the better dishes. Kinda sad when you think about it, since it was literally raw sliced cucumbers in a spicy sauce. Dan Dan Noodles: 3.5/5. I found these a bit bland but maybe it was because I didn't get very much (if any) of the ground pork.Dry Pepper Chicken: 3/5 for me, but another person in my party liked this dish the best out of all the ones we tried. Hot Sauce Style Fish: 4/5. I liked this dish the best, though we accidentally had them make this dish very mild since we weren't sure how spicy the food would be.Mapo Tofu: 3/5. I found this pretty bland.Overall food here tasted pretty clean. Music was loud and rave-y. It's a cool place to meet up with friends you're trying to impress, but the food didn't blow my mind. Be wary of wait times. My suggestion is to put your name on the list first and then go shopping nearby at Nordstrom Rack until they text you your table is ready. You're definitely paying for the ambiance here rather than the food.
I have to say, I was pretty impressed with the authenticity of this cuisine. I've passed by this place many times and made a couple of bad judgments based on their sign and name, "Han Dynasty." Just seemed like another American Chinese restaurant where they serve you chicken and broccoli. Decided to give this spot a try based on Yelp reviews. We ordered the spicy beef noodle soup, scallion pancake, eggplant in garlic sauce, the dry pepper fish, and the Taiwanese sausage fried rice. The beef noodle soup was really good, perfect combo of flavor and spice. It just looks a lot more intimidating than it tastes. I can't really tolerate spice, but this one was okay for me. The spice doesn't linger and so it was perfect. Might be our favorite new place to get spicy beef noodle soup. The beef was also very tender which is always a plus. Scallion pancake as pretty good, was thin and not overloaded with flour. I hate the ones where they stuff you up with flour. I usually like thin ones with lots of scallions. The sauce they gave you with the scallion pancakes was also different from other restaurants. They usually give you sweetened soy sauce and sometimes vinegar but this was a special sauce they made. I'm not sure what they put in it. The eggplant was just okay. I've had better and this one was nothing special, but still good. The dry pepper fish was SO good and flavorful! It is not as spicy as it looks since it is fried fish and it doesn't absorb all the chili. Next time I will try the dry pepper chicken. This dish was yummy. Last was the Taiwanese sausage fried rice. This was really good. I know it's just fried rice, but with the Taiwanese sausage, it really made a difference and I wanted to devour the whole dish. It's because it was just fried rice and still so damn good, which made it very impressive to me. I def have to come back here and try other dishes like the ma po tofu, and dan dan noodles. I think for its location, price and flavors, this might be one of my fav Sichuan style foods! Very glad I tried this place today!
Love this place!! Good location, great prices, according sting to vegetarians, and delicious spicy dishes!! I keep thinking about the Dan Dan noodles. Went here for dinner on a Friday night around 7:30 and had about a 30 minute wait. Our waiter was very nice and helpful in explaining the menu. He brought out complimentary herbal tea to drink while we waited for our food. Each dish has a number next to it, indicating its spiciness. My friend got the Kung pao chicken, which she really enjoyed. I got the Dan Dan noodles vegetarian style and loved them! They substituted the meat for pickled vegetables.The dishes are huge, so you can share with friends. We didn't finish the food we ordered!
Food is good but they can't cook fast enough to make deliveries. I ordered my food through Caviar at 11:30 AM, that's when they open the doors for lunch. It's 1 PM and they are STILL cooking my cabbage!  This is a major fail.
Good food and they bring it out so quickly. Good price too. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the menu seemed a bit limited, in the sense that they weren't so open to altering something on the menu.
Love this place! I have a gluten allergy and the staff was beyond accommodating. Usually I am forced to avoid Chinese food because they cannot make most of the dishes without wheat. However, the waiter was able to make alterations to the order so I could eat it. The food was delicious and I will definitely return soon.
I think this might be the first time trying Szechuan food and it was delicious. Came with a group of friends so we decided to eat family style to try a variety of food. Got the dan dan noodles, kung pao chicken, baby bok Choy with mushrooms and wontons in chili oil. Everything was delicious and had nothing to complain about, bit greasy but it's expected for food like this (and not too greasy to the point where it was unappetizing) that's why we got be bok Choy to balance it out. They also serve hot tea which counteracts the greasiness. Would definitely recommend and would def come back for more!
3.0-3.5. I've never been to the restaurant, so I can't speak about the environment or the service, but after seeing all the great reviews on yelp, I decided to get a delivery order off of caviar. Warning: if you work in FiDi, the delivery time is almost an hour. I had the dan dan noodles and mapo tofu. I thought the noodles were way too dry to the point where I actually couldn't finish them anymore because they were just stuck together. I usually LOVE dan dan noodles and would never let these to waste, so I was disappointed that these did not live up to my expectations. To be fair though, I do think one of the problems was the packaging. It was impossible to mix the noodles, pork, and sauce together properly in the plastic cylinder container. I would give this dish another try at the actual restaurant.The mapo tofu on the other hand was pretty good but also nothing too special.
If you really like spicy food, you should try  the level 7 or + .. Mapo tofu is so addictive and Everyone order  DAN DAN NOODLES..Those 2 are a must !! I wanted to  try more spicy dish !!!!  Dry pepper chicken looked so good but my stomach was so full!!! Dumn！I really wanna come back!!!
The Dan Dan noodles here are great! The UWS location, not so much. They use different noodles uptown as well as a different recipe.
It seems I'm a little behind on my yelp reviews!  I came here for lunch last week, fortunately it wasn't busy. They have great lunch specials and the menus actually have a numerical system to identify the different levels of spicy - I appreciate this.  I love my spicy foods but I'm not a fan of burn your tongue spicy.  I ordered the hot pepper beef which is mildly spicy and flavored perfectly.  We also got a chicken lo mein for the table, which again was also great.  I appreciate that they are willing to alter their dishes based on requests. A few of my coworkers don't like vegetables so when they ordered Kung Pao chicken and requested no veggies the staff was more than willing to accommodate. Overall I had a great experience here.  This isn't a new take on Chinese food nor does it pretend to be.  This is my new go to spot for lunch when I'm craving Chinese food.
Fantastic Szechuan place! I agree with other reviewers that you shouldn't be fooled by all the non-Asian college kids eating here in big groups. This is real, authentic, Chinese Szechuan that has been discovered by the masses. Be prepared for it to be crowded and I'm not sure if they take reservations or maybe you can call ahead. On a cold Sunday, we had to sit at the bar at 2 PM.Hot tea is on the house and this is especially good hot tea. They also have a good selection of craft beers on draft and Asian beers in bottles. We started with the Dan Dan noodles and shared some dumplings in chili oil. These noodles were so soft, delicious, and spicy and most definitely the best Szechuan noodles I've had. Definitely worth the $8. The dumplings were also quite good but will skip next time because we ordered way too much food! We shared the dry pepper chicken next. We thought about getting the dry chicken in the pot but that is 10/10 stars and our mouths were burning with the dry chicken as 8/10 stars. Don't get the dry chicken in the pot for 10/10 stars unless you really know what you're doing and have been here before. Regardless, the dry chicken was extremely, extremely good. Everything else on the menu also looked delicious and I'd love to go here with a big group and try everything. The service was great too. What more could you need?
Compared to the UWS location, the EV location just kills it, and I've eaten at both several times, both a la carte and tasting-menu style. The food tastes better and is less pricey here. Also I just feel there's more quality control in the EV restaurant. Today, we had the wonton in chili oil, the wings and the most pleasant surprise of them all, the mapo tofu. Everything was delicious and devoured. The wings are among the best in NYC, if not the best. The mapo tofu was spicy and awesome. Some might find all the chili oil greasy, but I say bring it on!
Got lucky and didn't have to wait at all. Sat at the bar. Amazing food!!! Got the dumplings (OMG), dan dan noodles and the kung pao chicken. Large portions, amazing, fresh taste and great prices. So happy they're on postmates!
Oooooooooo Han Dynasty.....! Great spot to get your spicy food cravings. We are here able 4 times now and luckily we never have to wait a crazy line. We tried the Dan Dan Noodles. If you're a college student you can live of this. Pay attention lol. We also tried the wonton in chili oil (delicious!) the braised noodle soup( super spicy) and my all time favorite the dry pepper chicken. I can eat this everyday the only problem is because of all the heat and spice my body doesn't approve sometimes... Lol I wish this place was a little bit more affordable. Sometimes you want to just try everything and it ends up being a 50+ dinner for two. Which happens a lot everywhere else in NYC.. If you haven't been make sure to try this spot tonight.
First, the food:  overall, excellent.Second, the service:  Horrible!!  The waiter took our order promptly & my entree came out fairly quickly.  The 2nd person in our party waited another 5 minutes for his dish to be served & the 3rd person waited at lease 15 more minutes!!  No apology, no nothin'.
Me and my friend came here to eat the famous Dan Dan noodles. I got mine with no meat because I'm vegan, yet it still tastes great!!!! He says his is good too. Super spicy! Get water!
Ordered delivery. I ordered three things they all tasted like burnt grease. Probably won't order from here again.
Without fail, this restaurant is always teeming with people and was curious about how good the food was - so I stopped by. I decided to order very basic food to get a measure of the place.  I ordered Dan Dan noodles for take out and enjoyed every last bit of it.  Also, while I was waiting for my food to be prepared, I noticed plates were nearly cleaned off, so everything else must have been good as well.  I will definitely be back! This is a great Chinese restaurant in the neighborhood.
I'm so proud of all you non chinese/chinese-american folks eating here. This stuff is the kinda of spicy food we don't expect y'all to be able to handle (though we might still eat a hotter version) and you're doing great. So proud.Han Dynasty is fairly legit. We had the fish in chili oil, dry fried lamb, mouth watering chicken, wontons in chili oil and dan dan noodles. I've had significantly better wontons than here but I'd recommend everything else.
Everything is great here if you like vy spicy Szechuan food. Must have the Dan Dan noodles!
My names not Dan but I love the dan dan noodles!The service is great, the food is spicy, and the rice is plentiful. Also some cool tea to start you off. Really has it all.
This placed calmed my grudge against the BaoHaus and comforted me with some real Taiwanese bums!The cucumber in the cold dishes is surprisingly tasty and unique.Strongly recommend.
My two friends from New York suggested this spot for dinner and I know why.  The food is amazing.  We came on a Saturday night around 6 and understandably there was quite a wait, however, my friends were determined to show me why it was worth it.  After about 35 minutes we were seated and were offered tea and water.  We ordered the "famous" Dan Dan Noodles, Scallion Style Beef and Fried Rice.  Everything was amazing but the Dan Dan Noodles really stood out.  It was the perfect blend of spice and really brought the whole meal together.  I would definitely visit this place again next time I'm in NYC.
I am obsessed with the Han Dynasty in Old City, Philadelphia. I  was going there before it moved to the massive new restaurant a few doors down.this place however was subpar.  I was very disappointed that i raved about this place to my in-laws who just flew in from out of country to meet me in NYC. The bathrooms were also disgusting.But more so the Dan Dan noodles did not taste anywhere near like the ones I've had all over Philadelphia and new jersey.  I tasted chili oil and only saw red chili oil at bottom of bowl when mixing it up. It was bright red, more like a spaghetti sauce as it had no similarity to the others I've had with the tahini? mixed in with the oil.  The garlic sauce style chicken was also much different, and that is one of my favorite to get when i am with people who need a low number spice.  It was more orange like a sweet and sour dish, and only had a few pieces of pepper, one mushroom and all onions.  What happened to this dish? It was not even close to the normal size of this dish.  the double cooked fish was over fried too. I've never had that happen.  The green beans were good, but the minced pork topping was much different than I've ever had.  The only thing that was on point were the spicy cucumbers.The worst hit was the pork belly buns for an appetizer.  They  were over sized and not tasty, there was something off with the pork belly.  We got 2 portions, expecting the usual smaller bun size and we could not finish even 1 of the 4.  That was a waste of $25 tacked on to our bill!!  We asked not to wrap it and we didn't want it, with the explanation, but they didn't say anything and just walked away with it.  What?
Dishes here are hit or miss, but we ordered exceptionally well on this visit.Cold Noodles in Chili Oil: 4.5 starsIt's usually a 7 on spiciness, but thank goodness I ordered it milder at a 5 and that was perfect for me.Pea Sprouts with Garlic: 5 starsProbably my favourite veggie dish to order in any Chinese restaurant, and it's delicious here.  Costs $14.95, pea sprouts are always expensive.Double Cooked Fish: 5 starsDelicately seasoned, perfectly cooked.  Costs $17.95Mapo Tofu: 4 starsAnother ding for them is they didn't serve any soy bean milk... what kind of self-respecting Chinese restaurant *mutter mutter*
Great food!  But avoid Doordash delivery service. It stinks. My order was way late even though Han Dynasty got it out on time. Han Dynasty should drop Doordash. Maps Tofu is the best.
Fast, fantastic and fun!! My boyfriend is obsessed with Chinese food, so when I suggested Chinese he was SO excited.... We got the sesame cold noodles to start then I had the scallion style chicken and Steven had the garlic style chicken. It was great; I had serious stomach pains all night, but I think it was from overindulging haha
Stop what you are doing and come here. Seriously it's that good. Order everything in the chili oil and you will be the happiest person.I of course odered the DAN DAN noodles and was in the heaven. They consider this an appetizer but it's a huge portion that even I couldn't finish. The noodles are nice and soft that taste like a combo of sesame noodles with pork and hot chili oil. Are you drooling yet?I also tried the wontons in chili oil and those were equally delish. Perfect pork and chili oil flavor in your mouth. The place is clean, great service and awesome prices. No wonder why there is always a wait to get in here. I want more dan dan noodles!!!!
If you are searching for a lip smacking Indo chinese food then you are the right place.Perfect blend of spices and delicious food.oh yes and they ask you to rate your capacity of eating spicy so be careful when you say 8 or 9.Chicken fried rice,pork dumpling and their curries is what I tried and would recommend.Definitely suits my palatePS: Here Indo is Indian
Best Dan Dan noodles. One of my favorite restaurants in the city.  Everything is so delicious.
The food is so good and so reasonably priced here. The service is good also. The Dan Dan Noodles are addictively good. Do not pass on them. And the spice level numbers are accurate and most dishes you can ask for a lower spice level, if need be, and it'll be more mild.
HAN is short for Hot Ass Noodles aka Dan Dan Noodles!!! ($6.95)Everyone knows THIS is what you come for, and if you want to play with the 1-10 hot scale instead of what is suggested on the menu, you should have to sign a waiver.  Coming here last night with an international friend I haven't see in seven years, my husband and his boss already came here, giving their seal of approval for all things hot and spicy.  We looked around to see what level of bravery our other diners were having, and we really couldn't tell who was daring who to go big and spicy, or just go home.  We didn't talk to long over the menu, and quickly decided:Appetizers:Dan Dan Noodles***Dumplings in Red Chili Oil***Scallion PancakesEntrees:Beef Garlic Sauce***Kung Pao ChickenBeef Black Bean SauceWhat remained of these things at the end of the meal?  Absolutely NOTHING!  There was't even a grain of rice to even talk about.  The service wasn't rushed or rude like some other restaurants would be.  Even though we arrived well before the mad rush of dinner seekers, we were not made to feel unwelcome; that's pretty sweet.  Han, I am a fan!!!_______________________*** means I would HAVE to get these again the next time we came.
This is my new addiction. what is up Han Dynasty? I visited about a month ago and asked what they recommended. they said spicy beef & mapo. Done.I crave it often and i get it often. Portions are big. 1 dish can feed two. I love left overs.the spring rolls are good too...havent really tried much besides the "Hot sauce Style" beef  and mapoit's that good. Again i love saucy, spicy and /or sweet stuff.  this is sooooo saucyi can eat the sauce like soup. get two spoons. and more rice or not. it's so good.sooooo goooooood
Chinese food + Spicy + noodle? This is a combination which cannot go wrong with me. Chinese restaurant with great reputation always makes me very excited. I couldn't wait to visit this location - and eventually, I decided to go by myself when I was passing nearby this spot. Place was almost empty as it was 5 to 3PM. I saw one group of their employees having their lunch at the corner side of restaurant and few tables with people came alone just like me. Nothing seems special on their ambiance, it's just like other typical Chinese restaurant. My server doesn't seem like server at all depend on his attire but I was able to recognize him as server as he handed me a menu. I assumed that regular servers might be on their break already. When I received the menu, I regret for few second that I came here by myself since I couldn't order lots of foods. I ended up ordering famous Dan Dan Noodle and Wonton in chili oil. There was high expectation on Dan Dan noodle because I am a noodle fan, and I've seen many people praising about it. It took only 10 minutes for me to get my noodle. Noodle came before my Wonton even though Wonton was appetizer..which I didn't even care at all as my all attention was on the noodle.Dan Dan Noodle was totally..disappointing. It was almost like a disaster to me. So hard to understand how people loved this noodle. I mean, where is tenderness of noodle? Texture of noodle was very dry and kind of sticky, which gives me feeling of eating jelly or something. Chili sauce in bowl with the noodle and noodle were not making any good compound at all. I was really shocked on its quality. It was more likely uncooked or mis-cooked noodle. What a huge frustration. I asked to pack up my noodle after few bite. I wanted my girlfriend to taste it as well - to confirm if I am not crazy. Wonton with Chili oil came few minutes later after noodle was served and it was pretty impressive..yet it wasn't good enough to cover the damage that I got from noodle. I asked wonton to be packed as well then left the location very quickly. That explains how much I was frustrated.  I am predicting few cases that it was some sort of mistake from their end..or none regular chef cooked my noodle when chefs were out for a break. Either cases, it was totally unacceptable condition. I might try this location again..but it would be very, very brave call for me.
I have to be honest that it is an americanized Szechuan place, but the was pretty good! The price is very good and the amount is a lot!
First dinner in NY and our friends vouched this place was going to be the best food we had on our trip. They were almost right. They ordered all of the food for us, so I wasn't sure what we ordered. However, the dish that hit me was the chicken wings. They were so crispy and nicely dressed in sauce. The wait was long (about two hours), and the host felt bad for us so she gave us a table but with only 30 minutes to eat because there was a reservation coming in. She felt bad about that too, so the host gave us drinks on the house. Overall, good food, nice setting, but very long wait - so I hope you don't arrive on a super empty stomach. I got pretty hangry
I decided to finally try Han Dynasty as waiting in a line never appealed to me, so we show on July 3 when most of the city is out of town. Best decision as we only waited a few minutes for a table of 2 to open up, as oddly they kept all the bigger (4 or more) tables free... No one came to those tables until we left but we still waited.We ordered many appetizing things that clearly featured a lot of oil and spice which was fine by me.  Dan Dan noodles, dumplings in chili oil, cumin tofu (amazing), scallion pancakes, dry pepper chicken and yes that's it. Overall delicious, full of flavor, and the green tea in the beginning was a great touch. We both dined for about $30 including all. The service was just as it should be- efficient. I'd definitely come again!
I can't believe I am giving a Chinese restaurant in New York outside of Chinatown or Flushing an excellent rating, but I thought my friend and I had an excellent Sichuan and Taiwanese Chinese dinner even though we sat at the bar. I decided to come here because I happen to know the owner's daughter and son-in-law and I am thankful that I know them. The wait may be really long, but I think it's worthwhile, so it's best that you arrive later in the evening or earlier in the day and you should have something planned such as drinking a decent amount of alcohol (but not too much!!!) at the nearby bars or do some exploring around Union Square before coming here. I thought I had the spiciest 擔擔麵 (Dan Dan Mian in Mandarin Chinese, Dan Dan Noodles) in New York so far. The texture of the noodles was great, but the spicy flavor definitely had a good amount of power. One bowl of 擔擔麵 should be enough to fill the stomach of a grown man. I also had the 麻婆豆腐 (Ma Po Dou Fu in Mandarin Chinese, Ma Po Tofu) and it was also very spicy but deliciously good, especially mixed with a lot of freshly cooked white rice. It was probably one of the best versions of this dish I had in New York so far. The portions of this dish are excellent and should be enough for 3-4 people with a generous helping of rice. If you don't want anything spicy, here's a great alternative, the 三杯雞 (San Bei Ji, 3 Cups Chicken) dish. This dish is a very popular Taiwanese Chinese dish and it is chicken with soy sauce, rice wine, and sesame oil as the "3 cups". This dish with some white rice was excellent with a nice savory flavor and the chicken was fairly tender. The basil leaves definitely gave this dish a good enhancement. All three dishes should be enough to fill the stomachs of two people. Service was not bad, the noodles came in fairly quickly. This place is also a little cleaner and smoother compared to a lot of the Chinese restaurants I have been to in New York. Overall, I thought I had one of the tastiest Chinese dinners in New York, but outside of New York's Chinatown and Queens. If you are in a rush and you really don't like queues on a Friday evening, I may not recommend this place. However, if you are not in a rush and are really craving spicy Sichuan Chinese food or some excellent 3 Cups Chicken in Manhattan, the wait might be worthwhile. By the way, if you ever meet the friendly owner, Mrs. Kwan, tell her I said hi. I have a feeling that she's really committed to making this location really good. 關太太，你好！
Dry Pepper ChickenScallion PancakesDan Dan Noodles= all you need in your life right now.
This was probably the worst dining experience I've ever had. I was meeting two friends. The host (who is also the manager) harassed us when the third person in our party hadn't showed after 10 minutes. Then, he told us we had to move tables because there was a party of six arriving-- and didn't help us move anything to the other table when we obliged. The food itself was unremarkable. The house rice noodles were close to tasteless, and my friend later got food poisoning from the chicken. The same man returned 5 minutes after we paid to tell us to leave so he could seat someone else (there was no one else). I don't know why he acted so rudely and unprofessionally; it's unheard of to ask customers to leave. As we were leaving, I tried to explain that our dining experience had been unsatisfactory. He responded not by apologizing, but by calling me a liar for saying my friend would arrive "soon" at the beginning of our meal. I told him he would do himself lots of favors by keeping his mouth shut. I can't believe that this man has a job in service. Having worked in service before myself, his attitude is truly appalling. I can promise I won't be back, and I'll definitely be telling other people about this experience. I really feel sorry for this arrogant, uncouth, and condescending man's employees, who even apologized for his behavior.
After a few failed attempts, I finally made it to Han Dynasty in the East Village. This Chinese restaurant opened a number of months ago, but, since they don't take reservations, it's all first come first serve. And, lots of people are lining up to be served there. So, since waiting an hour and a half wasn't really in the cards, I decided to go for an early dinner and beat the crowd. Mission accomplished. The restaurant's decor is simple, but each table is set with attention, and a hot pot of green tea is dropped off right away. They have their entrees numbered in terms of spice level. There was a "10″, and, believe me, I wanted to order that. But, I didn't want to be too ambitious, so, I went for a "7″ and ordered Hot Sauce Style with Fish (stir fried with cabbage and celery in an authentic Sichuan chili oil hot sauce). So, the portion is huge, I guess it's meant to share? But, I like ordering my own thing, so, I ended up with some left-overs. Served with a side of white rice, this dish was certainly a spicy 7 (I love spice, but I'm glad I didn't order the 10). It has great flavor, and the fish is bountiful and delicious.
Really sad that they changed the recipe. The Dan Dan noodles that they became so well known for just lacks the spicy kick that it used to have. They are using different noodles now too.
I'm a huge fan of Han Dynasty, having been in Philly, where Han Dynasty first opened, for 6 years. Like some other reviewers, I was really excited, after moving to New York, to discover there are two locations in the city. The food at the East Village location was comparable to the Philly locations! Yay! My favorites are the Spicy Cucumbers as an appetizer, Dan Dan Noodles, Double Cooked Fish, Garlic Eggplant, Pea Leaves, and Hot Sauce Style Fish. I love that rice is complimentary and essentially bottomless. The East Village location is not very large, for those of you who are used to any of the 3 Philly locations. But hey, this is NYC. They do take reservations and I would highly recommend to make a reservation if you have a larger party as we did (we had 8 people).
Han Dynasty always satisfies my Szechuan cravings. My favorites are the beef and tripe in hot chili oil, dry pepper fish and dry pot style beef. The food is just the right amount of spice and tastes amazing. The staff is also friendly. Only downsides are the wait and the price. The three dishes I order always come out to around $50.
So spicy but so good! We finally found a place that serves bomb dan dan noodles and it is not in Chinatown, but it is near Astor Place. They also have really good dry pepper chicken and the taiwanese sausage fried rice looks delicious as well. Finally a place that serves good spicy Asian food and they take card!
Came here tonight with my friend and had an incredible dinner. The place was packed but the wait wasn't very long. We got to the table and picked two items and told our waiter, who was very friendly and enthusiastic to "surprise us" with the third dish. He brought us out the veggie Dan Dan noodles which were my favorite thing we got! The service was fast and the food was all different and delicious. We ordered the garlic chicken, the spicy cucumbers and the Dan Dan noodles. Great experience. Highly recommend
Authentic Chinese food.. I ordered dan dan noodles and cumin style chicken.. which was pretty authentic and taste was nice.
We stepped in this restaurant when visiting NYC. The room was full, luckily someone canceled their reservation and we got a table shortly. All I can say is that they have very fast and good service. Normally I would drink a gallon of water after eating in a Chinese restaurant. Not this time. I guess they don't use as much MSG as other places. Highly recommended!
Han dynasty serves some of the most authentic Chinese food served in an amazing fashion. Every time I go here I end up just ordering starters after starters because they are so good.The chicken wings are out of the world.
Came here because I saw the episode on Munchies with the owner, who's hilarious af. The wait can be long but the food is pretty good. It's definitely somewhat Americanized but authentic enough to please.
I stop in here once in a while when I'm in the area and I have to say the food is really good. Lots of flavor! Definitely a good purchase for the price, highly recommended to anyone who likes Chinese food!
Had to return since we had a great first visit.Not crowded at all 4pm on Sunday.  Incredibly fast and very friendly service from our waiter.Dandan noodles- not so delicious this time. Not as flavorful.  I think this is because I requested 'not too spicy'.Chicken sweet sour over crispy rice- I had to order this again.  The sauce is so thick/gooey and loaded with sugar/cornstarch but I love that type of incredibly unhealthy sauce, some might find way too sweet.   Chicken quality very good. Dry pot style beef (waiter said this is most popular, along with their cumin entree).Beef was very tender and very flavorful.  Incredibly spicy, loaded with an insane amount of chili peppers.  Very high $$$ tag on this dish.  This ain't cheap Chinese food.  This visit was good, unfortunately not great.
Aw man, the food here was great!   It is a small place, so make sure you call ahead or get there early if you want a seat otherwise you'll end up like me and have to belly up to the bar.  Not that big of an issue all things considered.  The price and portions make sense and the food is great!  I only wish there was a better explanation between the different "styles" that they offer.  I know pictures are a bit tacky but sometimes I think it makes sense when you are trying to determine between dry spice or wet spice style.I'd come here again!
UPDATE : 05/01/2016So I've been here tons now. I love it here. You gotta love spicy to truly appreciate what's being done at Han. The dandan noodles are off the hook. Perfectly tender but not soggy and the spice and meat with chili are delicious. The ambiance is super loud almost obnoxious at times. But you'll be too busy tearing up and sweating to care. Dumplings in chili, yum. Chicken with peppers and onions, yum. The WINGS ARE THE BEST THING IVE EVER HAD Asian food wise. The one thing I've had here that just fell flat and short for for me was the seafood hotpot. It just tasted like oil and chili but not hot or flavorful, just bland oil. Gross. Today I had soup, the braised beef (not the spicy beef easily confused) BRAISED beef soup w noodles. I asked for it spicy and then took the peppers and scallion that were left on the wing plate and poured into my soup.... Whattttt!? Amazing.so basically I love it here. K? K. Bye.
I stopped in here before a show at Webster Hall on a Thursday and asked that the food come out quick (it was around 9pm, we were seated immediately). There were four us, we ordered Dan Dan noodles, and scallion pancakes. The food was out under 5 minutes,  and we were out the door within 15. That was exactly what we wanted, so we were pleased. The Dan Dan noodles were the absolute best. I'm going back for more.
Best Taiwanese style fried rice ever in East Village! I asked no salt and less oil and they did !!Most of the restaurant just say yes but didn't do it at all~ They are always lined with many many ppl~ so better to make reservations if you wanna come by. But I choose to order online and go pick it up.I've been there many times~ and tried many of their dishes all are so good!!Very good!WonTun in spicy oil is my number 1.And chicken in spicy hot sauce  style is No 2.Don't miss their fired rice ~ ofcourse! No3Enjoy ~;)
This food was SO GOOD. Greasy, yes. Don't go here if you're on a diet- you will be sorry. We got the:Spicy Tofu- I don't like tofu, but I liked the sauce. Green Beans- DELISH. Spicy and not super duper oily. This was the only vegetable we had on our table.Dandan- Noodles were the best part. Greasy, spicy, cooked perfectly. This is a must orderChicken Wings- They were okay. Chicken was a little fatty, but they were cooked well and not overwhelmingly spicy. The service was quick, and they were so attentive. We ordered drinks and 2 minutes later it was brought to the table. My date did all the ordering for us, and got WAY too much food, but they brought it out in shifts, so we didn't have everything come out at once. It is inexpensive (4 dishes and two alcoholic drinks for $65) and a great perk is that it is next to Bar None.
This place is a great dinner pick, especially now that there isn't so much of a crazy wait anymore. Service is quick and friendly, and restaurant is decently sized. Definitely recommend: dan dan noodles (the consistency and flavor is a-mazing) and the dry pepper chicken (so spicy, so good - comes with jalapenos and hot peppers) and the spicy cucumbers (the flavor pairs nicely with a crunch). Not the healthiest, and may be a little on the heavy side but this place serves an extremely satisfying meal - for a very affordable price, too
Went here for a semi-late night dinner to go, and it was a generally good experience. I just ordered at the front and waited about 15-20 minutes for the food. People were nice, and the atmosphere was pretty lively from what I judge when I was waiting.[FOOD]Wontons in Chili Oil: Really good. The chili oil is solid l, and the meat inside the wonton is soft and flavorful.Dry Pepper Chicken Wings: This was a bit spicy, but not too bad. The skin is crispy and the meat is tender. To be honest, this tastes a lot better after leaving it in the fridge for a night. Dan Dan Noodles: This was really good. It has a slightly nutty taste, and the small bits of meat add some flavor to the noodles. I definitely recommend this dish.[OVERALL] Pretty cheap, and the restaurant is close to Union Square. I think eating in the restaurant wouldn't be a bad experience. I'll definitely come back if I have the chance.
I am a Chinese food snob, especially when it comes to spicy Chinese food. I was very skeptical when I stepped in. Seats were kind of cramped together, there was no hostess in sight and I tried to wave down anyone I could to get a seat. But, after we were seated, the service was prompt, and more importantly, the food really spoke for itself. Dan Dan noodle was amazing, Wonton in chili was amazing, wings with pepper was amazing, dry pot style was amazing. Basically everything was as authentic as it can be, and I have absolutely no complaints. We've been back once already after our first visit, and I discovered they deliver all the way south to my neighborhood. I will definitely order some delivery from them!
Fancy without being too assuming. The prices are disproportionately low for the high quality of the food. If you're bored with the scene in Chinatown, just head a little north.
Oh my goodness. That Dan dan noodles. They must put some crack in there because I can have it for days. Dry pepper style was great too, so was the 3 cup chicken. All around wonderful place and worth the 45-minute dinner service wait.
Eating Americanized Sichuan food almost gave me a heart attack! I literally started to feel nauseous 5 mins after eating the dan Dan noodles and the 3 pepper chicken wings.Seriously how do people digest such strong flavored and heavy food? Noodles are chewy but SO oily and high fat (peanut butter). The wings are worse. Deep fried and with super oily chili sauce. Can't take it again... Urg just thinking about it makes me feel sick again.
I have always been a fan of Han Dynasty in Philadelphia and New York both until last night. I wanted to get dinner at Xian famous foods but they closed early so decided to go to Han Dynasty East Village location. To my surprise the menu seemed completely overpriced and there is a $1 price difference between the website menu and order for pickup app ChowNow, which seems unethical.Anyhow, I ended up ordering the Kung Pao chicken and it tasted just like a frozen kung pao you get from the store in the bag. No schezuan authentic flavor, not spicy at all (I requested spice level 8), and the chicken had an unappealing texture. So disappointed!
Terrible service, rude staff.  I felt rushed the whole time and got small portions on the main dishes Food tasted very good though.  Wonton soup was very good and was enough for 3 people.
I LOVE this place!! I've ordered takeout a few times in person & using Postmates (there used to be a promotion where delivery to morningside heights would cost $4...unbelievable), and finally had a chance to eat here last night. I love the: mapo tofu (quite spicy, in reality around a 7), hot sauce beef or fish or anything really (I LOVE the fresh cabbage at the bottom too. The sauce is so unhealthy but so addictive! Really around a 6), eggplants in garlic sauce (the eggplants are so fresh and so sweet), wantons in chili sauce (YUM. 7-8), Dan Dan mian (5-7. Everyone is a huge fan of this but I unfortunately had an order that was too peanut-y once and that spoiled my impression of it). You can't go wrong ordering those. Yesterday I tried the dry pot chicken, which was supposed to be 10/10 but was literally like a 3?? It was good with lots of traditional Chinese veggies in the mix, but the taste wasn't spicy or strong enough for me. I personally have a pretty high spice tolerance, but the numbers indicating spiciness are inaccurate and I included the real spiciness above IMO haha. Portions are always generous & can serve as 2 meals if I'm not too hungry! Lunch specials are a great deal too, though it doesn't come with an appetizer like some restaurants offer. The noise level at the restaurant was much much higher than I expected. We had to semi shout at each other to be heard! Which was alright but probably not great for a first date, long lost family reunion, heart to heart girl talks etc. the staff were also SO nice. The host was so smiley and friendly, and seated my party of 2 before my friend arrived. Our water glasses were continuously filled. when we couldn't finish our food and wanted to pack it, they offered to split every dish into 2 portions for us without any problem at all. They even packed the leftovers for every entree separately in 2 portions. I've asked for that before at other restaurants like Szechuan Garden but am usually refused or met with sour reluctance. I've had mediocre and bad experiences with servers at incredibly popular, busy and successful restaurants. Han Dynasty is indisputably all of these, but still retains that standard. This Philadelphia import makes me so happy about moving to Philadelphia.
FIRST of all, let me say that all these Han(Dy)Nasty jokes are hilarious and confirms that I am not the only one who thought that when visiting that website. It's just too good to not say. SECOND, let me mention that this place is HOT, HOT, HOT.* And THIRD... this food is authentic as can be. Not your normal "Americanized/Chinese" food.I ventured in with a party of 6 and we were surprised that we got seated right away. From looking at the menu you can tell this place means business. When you see a spice scale from 1-10... it's legitimate. After a very long time of deciding what "hotness" to get, I opted for the Dry Pepper Chicken at a lowered level 5. When in doubt, I try to go towards the middle. I don't know if you'd call this gutsy or plain stupid... but when I was eating my meal, I ate the long hot peppers as they were.** Let's just say IMO that spice felt like an 8 at leasttttt. But overall it was a really great dish. All of the components melded together in a very cohesive way. The spices worked well with each other. Thank goodness for the communal bowl of rice. I think it saved our taste buds from exploding.My poor friends (who I love) battled the spicy food with honor. This particular group of my college friends came out for my birthday celebration. They are not a big fan of spice and braved it out for me. I was glad to see that there were some options on the menu for those that prefer a spice level of like -1. That's where chicken fried rice comes into play. Han Dynasty provides spice lovers with high quality Szechuan cuisine. It may get busy, but this place is worth the wait. Grab your forks, prepare your taste buds and head on over here.__________________________________________________*On a scale of 1 to JGL (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) ... well you know the answer to this one.**I later found out that those long peppers are to ACCENT the meal. Enhance the spice. Oops. The waiter looked at me like I was crazy.
Life in New York is made somewhat better by the existence of Han Dynasty. I had the wonton soup tonight, which was perfect (not too salty, not too greasy, subtle and suave) and felt a tremendous sense of equanimity. Also had the dry pepper chicken, as spicy as possible, with extra garlic, which was scrumptious as usual. Terrific.
Incredible place. Very tasty. I suggest showing around 5pm when there is not a lot of people waiting to be seated.
We had a wonderful experience here. The hostess was super nice, and there was no rule about having your whole table present to be seated, so I got a nice little table for my friend and me, as I'd showed up early and she was running late. Our server was great and the food was stellar. It was my first time but my friend had been here before, and we went with the tofu and vegetable soup, the chili oil dumplings, the scallion pancakes and the kung pow chicken. The first three items were particularly authentic (she's from China so she knows her stuff) and the kung pow was nothing to sneeze at either. All in all this place was great - new go-to for Chinese for sure! Oh, and the prices were super reasonable.
I usually get my chinese food from chelsea ( Legend and Grand Sichuan Eastern)  but today i tried something new from doordash ( delivery service that do farther distance) Compare to the two restaurants i usually go to, Han Dynasty was very disappointing, first of all, a lot of the dishes were $2-4 more expensive! which did not serve more in quantity, ingredient was not very fresh and taste was below average.  I triedBraised Beef Noodle Soup- Ok Bok Choy with Black Mushrooms- Ok, but too oily Dry Pepper chicken-Good Pickled Vegetable with Fish Soup-Ok the fish were not as freshBeef & Tripe in Chili Oil- Bad, very disappointing the sauce or the meat tasted old.
Dan Dan noodles, Cumin style chicken and the fried rice are my staple favorites. Long wait times on weekends but extremely quick service!!
Han Dynasty serves spicy authentic Szechuan/Sichuan food in the East Village - Union Square area. With a pretty dining room, great service, and affordable pricing, it is a good step up from casual fast food Chinese. The vast majority of dishes are heavy handed on chilies, so the food is not for the faint of heart (or stomach).On a Wednesday afternoon at 6:30 pm, there was no wait for a table. But by 7:15 pm, it got pretty full in here, even with the rainstorm outside! There is not a lot of space for waiting parties, so you might want to make reservations if you're organizing an event. We ordered the following family style:Cold noodle w/ chili oil (meh)Spicy dry chicken wing (amazing)Dry pot with lamb (also amazing)Dou miao (par. ordered to avoid feeling too oily or yeet hei)Rice (par)The Spicy dry chicken wings were served fresh, hot, and crispy, with chilies, garlic, and a good dose of salt. It's fried and a great portion size for 2-3 people as an appetizer and I could probably eat a whole meal of these alone. The dry pot with lamb was soooo good. The lamb is thinly sliced and pan fried in chili oil with leeks, onion, peppers, and bamboo shoots. It's spicy and savory and perfect with some rice. I'd love to come back and try more dishes. Prices are par for the area and service was quick and on top of things.
My friend from Brooklyn was raving about this place. My bf and I were deciding between Xi'an Famous Foods, and decided to go to Han since my friend kept telling us to go. My bf liked the Dan Dan noodles, but honestly I thought they were so-so. It was a luke-warm dish (is that the way it's supposed to be?) with a peanuty flavor. Noodles itself were nice and chewy though.I liked the mapo tofu better. It had a lot of spices and peppers added to it, which gave it pretty good flavor. There may or may not have been MSG implemented in the dish. Regardless, it was delicious. It also came with rice. Not bad for $7.50!I wouldn't really consider this place Chinese food. It's very Americanized and really is aiming for modern. But if you're okay with that, then great. They even play house music! It seems like a fun place to come at night, when you're about to get drinks with friends in the area, or just getting back from happy hour.
Quote Yelp: "Meh. I've experienced better (in Philly)." Deco was quite good. Couldn't be happier to be in there after skipping lunch for Met and walking across the Park in snow. Best thing we ordered was "the dry pot with pork" but:- the Szechuan noodle lacked chilly oil and too sour- the 口水鸡 lacked sweetness and complexity of flavor- Mapo Doufu was just merrrService was merrr.... Go to the Philly one!!!
I came to Han Dynasty on a particularly busy night: Christmas Eve. We dropped our name in on their cool texting iPad and went out for a drink. 30 minutes later, we got a text telling us to come back and get seated. Awesome.After reading reviews thoroughly and getting in-person recommendations, we decided on a big order (for 2). We started with the Dan Dan Noodles, Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce, and Scallion Pancakes.---UPDATE: My Chinese Wife told me that the cold pork belly dish is a traditionally made item and was made expertly, but definitely is an acquired taste. So, I didn't like it, but it may be good for you if you are familiar with the preparation of the dish.---Pork Belly is a popular item all over the city now so I wasn't surprised they offered it here, but this was not the way to prepare it. Think cold, floppy bacon dripped in garlic and vinegar. I couldn't taste any of the pork's flavor due to the overabundance of sauce, and serving it cold made it quite odd. The sesame pancakes were good, though not really a Sichuan specialty. They could be gotten elsewhere and have similar quality. The Dan Dan Noodles, however, they were the standout appetizer. Fluffy noodle on the dry side drenched an expertly mixed flavor bomb of hoisin, pork bits, ginger, garlic green onions, spicy oils, numbing spices and peanut butter. This is THE appetizer to get here.We got Dry Pepper Style chicken for one of our entrees. When I asked the waiter about the 8 spice rating and whether it was an American or Asian scale, he told me it was truly an asian scale, and the dish did not disappoint. It was loaded with red Chinese peppers and sautéed jalapeño-like peppers. The "triple-flash-fried" chicken was super crispy but not overly greasy, and was a bit like popcorn chicken taken to the max.We also ordered the cumin chicken which was nicely prepared. the chicken was moist and well cooked on the interior, with the exterior not overly greasy and not overly dry as cumin-X dishes tend to get. The peppers in it were not too soft as most places like to prepare them. even though this dish was great, there was nothing that made it really stand out over other cumin-X dishes I have had.Next time I come to Han Dynasty, I will order the Dan Dan Noodles for sure, maybe even two orders as my entree, or the Dry Pepper Style Chicken.
#Wontonanamera, guajira Wontontanamera #yeah, eat the wontons with chili oil #really great#better to go with a friend(s) so you can order multiple items to share#the waiter was jacked up!
Can you handle your spice? Yea? Read on my friend! No? STOP right here and turn back to read my other reviews ;)Glad you decide to read on! ... So it all started when one of my friend told me about Han Dynasty and how she comes here pretty much twice a week, When I heard that I was very skeptical- could it be really that good? it's not in Flushing or Chinatown, could good Chinese food actually exist outside of these places? Entering Han Dynasty (located in the corner of 12th street and 3rd avenue)- a place specialized in Szechuan cuisine  where spice reign supreme. I'm going to be quite frank here, TIP: If you can't handle spicy food, you will probably not have the best experience here! so consider yourself warned! (over 80% of the menu contain spicy food)Parking: I didn't drive here but if you take the train to 14th street Union Square, it's just a few blocks walk over!Seating: it's a medium size restaurant with around 40 seats, mainly fill with square tables and 1 giant round table. I came on a Wednesday night at around 8:30pm.  The place was packed when I got there, surely a good sign, I called my friend and she told me she putted her name down and the restaurant will call her once they are ready for us.  So we went across to the bar and had a drink while waiting.   At 9:45pm (yes about an hour later) we got a text from them and we ran to the restaurant.  Got seated and pretty much try to order as much food as possible! We let our friend do the ordering since she said she had almost everything on the menu (we believe her). We ended up with Dan Dan Noodles ($7.95), Dumplings in Chili Oil ($6.95), Dry Pepper Chicken Wings ($9.95), Spicy Crispy Cucumber ($6.95), Pea Leaves w/ Garlic ($12.95), Fish in Dry Pot Style ($17.95), Salt n' Pepper Style Shrimp ($19.95), all very solid choices but the MUST TRY are:Dan Dan Noodles ($7.95)- If you come into this restaurant and not order this dish, you have FAILED! This is their signature dish and reasonably so.  The noodle is soft yet chewy and topped with minced pork but the kicker is the chili oil in the noodle, the chili oil flavor lingers in your mouth even after you are done, it's spicy but have a hint of sweetness to it.  That little bit of sweet and spicy flavor is what keeps you going in for more and more! OMG that contrast of texture is just too much! talking about sensory overload!!! OH my mouth is salivating thinking about it!!! MUST TRY!!!Dry Pepper Chicken Wings ($9.95)- Over $1 per wing, are you kidding me? NOPE! this is WORTH!! I tell you these ain't no buffalo wings, these are perfectly deep fried wings tossed in salt and dry pepper, the crispy wings absorb the power of the salt and dry pepper so every bite you get this crunch, hot juicy center and then the kick of the dry pepper... JUST AMAZING!!! every bite calls for another bite. I think I can eat 2 orders of these by myself! Just make sure you can handle that spice cause these will linger in your mouth!! MUST TRY!!Spicy Crispy Cucumber ($6.95)- I'm not a cucumber person nor a big veggie person so when I recommend a veggie dish it's either I got hit in the head pretty hard by my wife last night or the veggie is so darn good that even the carnivore inside me couldn't resist. This dish is definitely a play on your palate, cucumber tossed in chili oil, nothing special eh? WRONG!! the idea is crazy but it works, you started tasting the cool refreshing cucumber and then suddenly the chili oil work its way in, just before the chili oil starts to burn, you pop another one and the cucumber cools your tongue.... and the cycle repeats itself until there is no more. MUST TRY!!Price: Reasonable for the quality of food you get! Overall: Never thought there's going to be good Chinese food outside of Chinatown/Flushing until Han Dynasty, sure the wait can be long but it is well worth it!  Now only if I live closer to here, I'll be dropping by twice a week.  Lucky NYU students!!
Most important - delicious food and served piping hot. The bartender was kind and efficient. Reasonable prices.
I love this place! I used to frequent the one in Philly and was so happy to hear they opened one in NYC. Everything is delicious. And when they say spicy, it's really spicy. My favs are double cooked fish, fish in chilly oil, dan dan noodles, wonton in chilly oil...cold cucumber, cumin lamb. and must have cold beer with them. It is worth the wait.
AHHH. I think I found great Chinese food outside of Flushing. This place is just a 10 minute walk away from my apartment, whereas it takes me about 40 min to get to Flushing by public transportation, so that's a definite plus... There's also pretty much two major categories of Chinese food--take-out, and sit-down restaurant. Han Dynasty has take-out, I believe, but they are mainly an amazing sit-down restaurant also. No frills, just delicious. I came here with my friend who was visiting because Ippudo's wait time was about 2 hours... Luckily, this place was a soft 45 minute wait, by which I mean the actual wait time was only about 30 minutes. It was crowded because the space is small (the menu even kindly reminds guests not to take to long because they are a small dining establishment "mmkay?"), and it was a Saturday evening on Santa Con/Millions March. The hostess was a bubbly Asian girl with an iPad, who took a name and a phone number. They are one of many restaurants to participate in this notification system, which sends out a confirmation welcoming you to the restaurant, and then you wait impatiently for the next text, which informs you that your table is ready and you have 10 minutes to check in. Luckily, the surrounding area has plenty to keep people entertained while they wait. Smack dab near Union Square, there are lots of other little places to visit--we opted to get coffee around the corner. By the time we'd gotten our coffee and sat down to drink it, they texted me that my table was ready. There aren't many tables, but there happened to be a big party there when we went, so most groups of two are seated at the bar next to one another. However, we were lucky to get one of the two-person tables, which doesn't offer much room for the family-style dishes (each person gets their own plate and takes from the entrée plate in the middle).  You get your red chopsticks to add pizzazz to the experience. The menu is fairly standard, with your usual chicken and broccoli General Tso style, sweet and sour, etcetera. But this place also had Black Bean Style entrees (the way the menu is broken up is into a list of way s in which food I prepared, and then a choice of protein), so we got an order of the Black Bean Style Beef to share. It comes on a bed of peppers and onions, sautéed to perfection in classic Chinese style.  As an appetizer, we got the wontons in chili oil. They were heavenly. I could eat a bucketof them, especially because the chili oil is SO SO GOOD. We were reluctant to let the waiter take it away, since it went so well with our order of Pea (as in Snowpea) Leaves, a luscious vegetable that you'd be hardpressed to find outside an Asian Supermarket. If anyone knows otherwise, please let me know and provide a location. But there's something about restaurant-prepared pea leaves that makes them taste even better (probably the extra oil/seasoning). They are a vegetable worth chewing, no satisfying crunch like broccoli, but its own subdued crunch that really inspires the taste buds with the delicate flavor that is enhanced with care through a very short list of ingredients--oil, salt, MAYBE some garlic sometimes. We also got beers to go with our delicious meal--they have a decent selection, including Tsingtao. I opted for the Three Philosophers Draft, and it paired nicely with our food. We finished dinner in just under an hour, and never felt rushed. I will definitely be coming back here, and maybe trying to beat the dinner rush.
The dry pepper chicken wings are not as good as before. I was kind of disappointed because I came here mainly for that. Everything else was pretty good as usual.
Came here (based on a recommendation to try this place) on a Thursday Night with a friend around 9pm for late night dinner. We ended up sitting up at the bar because the place was packed. It was nice enough for the waitress to put as at the end of the bar so it was convenient for us to talk and eat family style like we typically do at Chinese restaurants. There is a hook under the bar to hang our bags, which was cool. This gets rather loud but at least it's a talk-able noise level. We ordered the homestyle tofu, dan dan noodles, and the dry pot style beef. I would say all dishes were pretty good. My favorite out of the 3 would probably be the beef.  The noodles were really good, but the peanut sauce was strong. You won't notice it until you continue to eat it after eating something else. It wasn't so obvious when we were first given the dish. The good thing about this place is that it is actually spicy for Szechuan food unlike other places I've been to. I even needed the white rice at one point XD. Overall, pretty good :)
I  was in the mood for Asian cuisine as I survived a 6 hour graduation session..yay class of 2015 any-who, I ordered the Kung pao chicken which came with a side of white rice, it was spicy to my taste but good chicken and tender with the zest taste. I liked how I could fill on tea. After finishing my meal I engaged more food lo, so I orders the beef soup. Upon arrival I couldn't believe ho big the bowl was, it was gonna be a challenge..20 min later I was stuffed to capacity. I had a good meal, although pricey it was $ well spent. This place is small so it could get rather packed in Matter of time
Unassuming storefront. It looks like any other Chinese restaurant from the outside. But inside, they're serving up some spicy deliciousness!The Dan Dan Noodles absorb the the sauce as you eat so each bite gets better and better! The Spicy Crispy Cucumbers are my gf's favorite thing on the menu. The cool cucumbers in the spicy oil (with a hint of sweetness) is almost a safe haven of relief.Service is OK.If you like spicy food, you'll like this place!MM
Being Sichuan/Taiwanese AND a former resident of the Philadelphia Area, I was quite excited to hear that Han Dynasty had reached New York City, and that it was located just a few blocks away. Gotta love that Handy Nasty.While the portions are slightly smaller than those of the sister locations in Philly, the quality is still up to par with the other locations I've been to. I came here with a couple friends who didn't know Sichuan food too well, so I decided to order on their behalf, and we shared family style (the way it should be). We got the Dan Dan mian, beef & tripe with chili oil, string beans with minced pork, scallion pancakes, and dry pepper chicken. The Dan Dan mian had amazing chew and flavor, just how it should be. My friends were a bit reluctant to try the beef & tripe, but I managed to force them to do it anyway. Not their favorite, but definitely one of mine. Scallion pancakes were standard but delicious, probably the most familiar thing for my friends. The string beans were delicious, as usual, cooked in the delicious "gan bian" style, or dry fried, which gives them a very crispy texture, while still having some chew. The dry pepper chicken was fried quite well, with bits of garlic and pepper scattered throughout the dish. So good. Service was generally attentive, and we got the check right away, as there were many a party waiting by the door to get seated.My only qualm is the crazy wait here. The host was very apologetic that we had to wait over an hour, even though he gave us a time of 40 minutes. We appreciated the apologies, but as you know, the apologies didn't get food into my stomach. I'm very glad that Han Dynasty is getting the attention it deserves, but I can't see myself waiting an hour+ every time I want good Sichuan food. I have contemplated ordering delivery from Caviar, the only delivery service that Han Dynasty uses, but they have a $9.99 fee, which is basically robbery. Might consider getting takeout when the weather gets a little better, but for now, I might have to brave those long, long waits, or come with a ton of people, as they take reservations only for parties of 8 or more.Overall, even though you might wait a bit, you'll still get some delicious Sichuan food at a reasonable price. I'll definitely be back, but more likely at odd hours. But it'll be worth it to eat at 5:30pm. So very worth it.
This is the real deal right here. Best Chinese I have found in NYC yet. Stumbled upon by accident on a Tuesday night. Looked very busy so took a chance. Went for the Hot Sauce Shrimp. Extremely flavorful and bursting with Szechuan yumminess. Huge portion. This place delivers all over the city so it will become a regular for me. Service very quick, polite and efficient. I was in and out in about 15 minutes even though they were slammed.
Husbands favorite Szechuan restaurant in east village. Recommend noodle dishes hot or cold style, cold appetizer and allkinds of stir fried dishes. Hot sauce style is not the authentic shuizhu way though, and tofu pot uses egg tofu rather than regular soy tofu.
****HANDY NASTY IN NYC = DAN DAN AND SPICE, MIGHTY NICE ****DAN DAN GAME: on point with Philly. Actually, I've felt like they've been decreasing the spiciness in the West Philly location, but these are just as good as the best renditions I've had. For the unaware, the dan dan is alone worth coming to this restaurant. APPETIZERS: The beef and tripe in chili oil here was absolutely fantastic. It's served covered in delicious red oily sauce-- really, an enormous appetizer at $10 that is more food than a lot of the entrees. Highly recommended for the adventurous. On the other hand, I'm astonished whenever I see people actually paying money to order the spicy cucumbers. These were always the free dish we got for "Yelp check-in" deal back in they day in Philly, just because they were free. They're nothing special, and the yelp deal is long gone there.OTHER FOOD: I've had most of the entrees at one point or another and they are all pretty solid. I generally like cumin dishes but I'm not a big fan of theirs (it kind of overwhelms the meat)...same is true of the garlic maybe to a lesser extent. The dry pepper style isn't too out of the ordinary but is good (best with chicken imo), and dry pot is pretty good with lots of veggies, but relatively spicy. Hot sauce style is delicious. For the non-spicy ones, I've enjoyed the Salt and Pepper (nice contrast of crispy/dry outside and juicy interior of the meat). Note that if you are ordering pork belly, it isn't the larger strips often served in buns as an appetizer at a lot of asian places in NYC, but smaller pieces. Frankly, I don't think its one of their better meats and probably isn't as well suited to their dishes, but it's worth trying in later visits.SETTING: The restaurant space here felt tight. It's small -- look, they are trying to accommodate as many as possible given the ubiquitous dinner lines, but there's a lot of bumping depending on if you're sitting at a table.CLOTHING WARNING: if you're ordering dishes with a lot of oil (which is basically unavoidable), wear clothes you don't care about or be very careful eating (easier said than done). It's not a fancy place, and eating the inevitable spice/oil before going out and drinking a lot later is risky business.FINAL VERDICT: Handy Nasty virgins need to come solely for the dan dan. Pretty much everything else is good, so order plenty, share, and take back the rest for lunch the next day.
My all time favorite Szechuan restaurant!!! You're going to need to make reservations beforehand because this place is tooooo popular! I can eat a million of their dry pepper wings. So freakin dericious!!! Dan dan noodles - amazing. Again, I can eat a million of these tooChili cucumber - spicy, sweet and refreshing! Million of these can be consumed as well lolHot sauce style fish - I always order this when I'm here. Love love love!!!
Second time here and the first time was amazing, this time not so much. After waiting 20-25 minutes to be acknowledge and seated.. It was already a bad sign. Esp it was only 5pm and not busy.. Servers looked down and avoided eye contact. No hostess. Food came out fast, dan dan noodles were great, chicken wings great, ma po tu fu good. The super hot garlic shrimp got dish wasn't spicy hot and tasted the same as the ma po to fu. Ko po chicken taste good just wish the chicken was actually crispy in the batter. Note : some dishes are super greasy/doused in chilli OIL.Price - cheap for groups as dishes are good for sharing/family style Service - poor3 stars for lack of service
Long wait, great food. We went here 8 pm on a Saturday - were told the wait was 1 hour but waited an hour and a half. It was kind of a zoo in there but they do text when you're table is ready (I hate when places don't do that!). Best Chinese we have had in NY.
What I really love about this place is that they do something a little different...particularly, they have a cool and really easy to navigate menu--they describe the different "styles" of entrees--as well as a "tasting menu" (it's really just a fancy way of saying family style) for large groups.  Had the former at Ali's birthday; it was a really good selection of dishes, a little heavy on the pork, but I didn't mind that, and a TON of food.  Almost every person went home with a full box of food!I'm not going to say that every dish was the best version I had ever had, but most of the dishes were outstanding, and there were some delicious and very memorable things.  Here are a few of the standouts:Spicy Crispy Cucumber - different sauce then I was used to for a dish like this, and I loved it.Dan Dan Noodles - not the best, but top quartile for sureCrispy Rice Style (pork) - haven't had anything like this for years, and it was fantastic; flavors were so unique; not sure how authentic this kind of preparation is, but it was delicious3 Cup Chicken - I remember reading about this when I was in China, but I never had it before; really interesting and deeply flavorful...almost like a ginger peanut sauceSpicy Tofu Fish - may have been may favorite dish; it was like a mapo tofu, with the best flavor sauce ever, and with fish instead of pork, which gave it an interesting, different dimension. (FYI, I think this was an add on and not part of the tasting menu)Tasting menu seemed like a fantastic deal, so I would like to go back with a group.    Non-tasting menu doesn't seem like it would be quite as good a value.
Szechuan & taiwanese all under one roof!! It's gettin popular QUICK so if you want to avoid a wait go early!!Not the best place to catch up with someone you haven't seen in a while because voices echo LOUDLY inside, but food is pretty goodone appetizer + one entree was enough for the two of us to share & have left overs, although they recommended getting another vegetable/appetizer on top of that---beef & tripe appetizer: Spicy! but bearable (your tongue wont be as numb as after eating Mission Chinese's food)---Dry pot style with pork: I liked the pork and veggies mixed in but this was saucy not dry!White Rice is included (Thank god it was the only non spicy food on the table) & there's complimentary teaI want to try the deep fried shrimp next time!NOTE: you can split the check among a Maximum of 3 credit cards
I haven't had a bad dish any of the five times I've been here, which speaks to the consistency (not to mention the authenticity). No frills when it comes to ambiance, unless you consider wait times a "frill." Then you can expect 1.5 hours worth of "frills" on the weekend, although the "frill" for the bar isn't so bad and the service may be a tad faster. Lunch has been wide open in my experience, and just as good as dinner. I don't have pictures of everything because we RIPPED into the dishes as they arrived... -Dan Dan Noodles A big draw here for a good reason; packed with flavor. Enough for three to share as an app. I'm on a quixotic mission to find the best Dan Dan in NYC and HD is leading the way. - Dry Pepper Chicken Wings I believe 8 were in the order. You can't find wings like this anywhere else. Dry rub? Sure,  but not only were these seasoned perfectly, they were so juicy my father described them as  "wet" before eating my allotted share.-Wantons in Chili Oil8 in an order as well. Very tasty, nothing too advanced in terms of profile. I get these and the dumplings confused, though I also get them every time, so that's not a knock. -Scallion PancakeExtremely yummy, but that's probably because they're fried and (if I'm being honest) CRAZY greasy. -Sesame NoodlesNot too peanut buttery or sweet, certainly not spicy. We preferred the Dan Dans as they had more flavor and shared my name. -Garlic Style PORKYou can pick your protein, but if you don't pick pork, you're an idiot. A lot of Chinese places will offer a poorer, chewier quality of pork. Not here; it doesn't get softer. Comes with rice and veggies. An all-star dish here.  -Hot Sauce Style FishAgain, your choice of protein. The fish was cooked perfectly, so we were happy with the choice. Huuuge helping. This comes pretty hot, too. Will continue to go back and try more things. You shouldn't, though, because I already have to wait too long for a table.
Eating extremely spicy food is akin to a religious experience.Order dan dan noodles with a side of spicy cucumbers. Redolent in chili oil, the pair makes for a solid start - days later, I'm still delirious from the stuff. Be sure to request an appropriate heat level from your server, just in case you want things turned up a notch (or not).Chef Han Chiang consistently delivers, replicating his success at multiple Philly locations, finally branching out to NYC's East Village. If you're familiar with his restaurants down south, you won't be disappointed here.If you love Sichuan food, it's party time at Han Dynasty. There's room for a crowd, so bring friends.
Base order:Scallion Pancake, Dan Dan Noodle, Dry Pepper Style Chicken, Then go nuts
Boom! Date night kids. Location - Han's. That's right, ya heard me. Keeping it spicy. Any heat loving aficionado knows Szechuan cuisine is on top of that list. One of the main ingredients is Szechuan chili. My god, fiyahh. Han's quenches that heat thirst and some more. Decor is your simple layout that includes Asian inspired art on the wall along with wooden chairs and tables. Nothing fancy needed especially when getting toasted is your main goal. Waiters were mostly on-point except for forgetting the drinks. No biggie. On our Menu was - Wonton in Chili Oil 6.95 (6)Dan Dan Noodles 7.95 (8)Mao Pao TofuSpicy Hotpot (10)The numbers in parentheses indicate the spicy level which is from 1-10. Great thing about it is that they can adjust the level for you for any dish. We left everything at default cept for the hotpot which we chose to dumb it down to level 5 ( so what, we're rookies!). Dishes are served family style meaning as soon as it's finished cooking, they bringing it out.Wontons were freaking awesome! It had some type of butter taste to it but you feel the numbing sensation after. A must get. Dan Dan Noodles were insane. 2 words: "The Gospel". Mao Pao wasn't my favorite as it lacked any desirable taste. I'd say try just for the sake of trying, if not..skip. Spicy Hotpot is a mix of everything from seafood to beef in that spicy chili/peppercorn oil sauce. We had it at level 5 which was good but slightly uncomfortable for the heat novice in us. I can't imagine level 10. I recommend getting it if you have 3-4 people in your group. The recommended is 2 but if you're ordering other stuff, this is perfect. Not to mention it's about 24 bucks. Overall, a solid place to pig out at when you're getting the feen for fiyahh. Really good stuff. HandyNasty? Me thinks not.
Don't be fooled by the white girls from NYU twirling their Dan Dan Noodles with their forks like they are eating spaghetti - this is some seriously delicious, real Chinese food.I've been hearing about this place a lot for the last few weeks, so I was wistful that another great new place was opening soon after my son was born and I was confined to the subpar takeout in my neighborhood. While perusing the great menu online though, I noted that they do takeout, so I was overjoyed that I would get to try it.Including my son in the head count to determine how much to order even though he's a newborn and doesn't eat spicy Sichuan food, we ordered enough for 3 (or more close to 4 people actually):- Dan Dan Noodles ($8)These are apparently the thing to get here, and I could see why after taking one bite. These are insanely good and highly addictive. That peanut sauce is just too good.- Mapo Tofu with Minced Pork ($12)This was a pretty good version of the dish. I asked them to make it a little less spicy since the menu lists it with a spice level of 8/10 and I prefer to have just a light sweat while I eat as opposed to all out suffering.- Garlic Sauce Style with Beef ($16)As alluded to above, I'm not a fan of the insanely spicy, so I opted for this one since it was one of the best-sounding with a lower spice level of 3/10. This was a really great dish, with large, juicy slices of meat, unlike some places that give you mostly slimy, fatty pieces. The garlic sauce was delicious too.- 3 Cup Chicken ($15)This was really great, though I could see it being too sweet for some. I eat cookies for breakfast though, so I loved this and thought it was a great balance of sweet and savory.- Taiwanese Sausage Fried Rice ($12)I always gotta try the fried rice, and there was still another type of animal we didn't eat, so we went with this. This was a really great, massive portion of very egg-heavy and therefore excellent fried rice.All that chili oil and severe spiciness gave me some sweet heartburn and unimaginably painful burps all night, but it was worth it for such a deliciously satisfying meal. I would definitely add this to the top places for ordering Chinese and would love to return to dine in and try some of the food fresh out the kitchen.
I've heard sooo much about this place, so I'll preface by saying the expectations were set high. I came here on Sunday night, around 8pm with 2 other friends. We walked in and the place was packed with several others waiting at the door. It took me 15 mins to get myself checked in with the lady taking names, who was sweet but seemed overwhelmed. She put our name down and quotes an hour wait for the 3 of us. We needed to get outta there asap so we went across the street and grabbed a bottle of wine at penny farthing. The convenient thing is what they take down your cell number and text when your table is ready. They texted us 45 mins later - they text notes it'll hold your table for 10 mins.Once we sat down the service and food was fast. NOTE all three of us are vegetarians. We started with the Dan Dan noodles (minus meat). They were amazing, loved the texture not to soft or tough. Very flavorful with a spicy kick just to make you need a sip of water ever 3 bites. We got all of our food rather quick. Next came the picked chili style tofu followed by the garlic style tofu. Garlic style was out of this world, tofu texture to perfection. Not too soft, not too tough. I think I could eat it erry damn day! So good. Pickled chili was what we had the most leftover of. Also good, spicy flavorful and super soft tofu. To be honest, after eating the food I wanted to give this place a 3.5. After finishing leftovers I realized I miss the food.I'll be back, 4 stars it is.
Mediocre white washed Chinese food. Props to the staff for listening to the no oil and no MSG requests. Spicy tofu, rated a seven, was temperature wise super hot but not at all spicy. Excessive cornstarch. Dearth of flavor.
Highly recommended! Don't miss the Dan Dan noodles and Dry Pot Style. Plenty of choice for vegetarians.
KenScale: 8.0/10Han Dynasty is a new NYC outpost of a Chinese restaurant chain by Han Chiang that has made its name in Philadelphia. The restaurant features authentic Sichuan cuisine known for its fiery spice. In a city full of excellent Sichuan restaurants, Han Dynasty is a welcome addition. I really liked most of the dishes that I tried, and can't wait to go back to sample some more.My meal started out with beef and tripe in chili oil, a very spicy Sichuan classic (the restaurant has a scale of spiciness from one to 10, and this dish has 10) that I couldn't stop eating because of its addictive flavor. Dan dan noodles were also an excellent start to the meal. Other dishes I loved were fish in dry pot style (another 10-scale dish that kept me sweating the whole time yet I couldn't get enough of) and Chinese cabbage with dry peppers. Cabbage worked very well to somewhat neutralize the spice of the dry pot style fish. Dry pepper chicken, quickly becoming one of the signature dishes here, was also an excellent dish. The server recommended pork belly double cooked style. While I liked the texture of the dish, perhaps because it lacked the same level of spiciness (a 4-scale dish) I was becoming addicted to by the end of my meal, I wasn't particularly blown away. The restaurant doesn't take reservations, and it was constantly packed on a Friday evening (I had to wait more than an hour after showing up around 7 p.m.). Since the restaurant is open all day, the best bet is to go for lunch (I was told it's pretty slow during lunch time) or early dinner. The restaurant also has delivery and take-out options. The vibe of the restaurant, which is fairly compact, is that of a fairly casual East Village joint. For a night of Sichuan culinary indulgence, I highly recommend Han Dynasty as a viable option among many excellent Sichuan places in the city.
My favorite dish here was the stir-fryed cabbage with dry peppers. It was mild, not spicy, and not as salty.The other dishes have very heavy tastes, either too salty, too hot, or too tongue-tingling. I think Han Dynasty needs to use a lighter hand on flavoring.
Han Dynasty is a crazy delicious restaurant near Union Square. Last night with friends we ordered the Dan Dan noodles (per Yelpers recommendations), the chicken wing appetizer, beef garlic style, and tofu crispy rice. Everything was really, really tasty. The Dan Dan noodles were our favorite, not too spicy, simple, and with excellent flavor. The chicken wings were not like any I'd had before and they had a nice crunchy flavorful batter. The beef garlic style had a nice taste with a pretty basic sauce. The tofu crispy rice was super unique, and I want to go back and try other meats but mostly just enjoy those strange crunchy rice pillows once again. This place is no joke. One of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been to.
Dan dan noodles ............... spicy oil wontons....... So damn good. Great place, very good food. Got that feeling of excitement when I was eating it and wanted more, which doesn't happen very often for me anymore. Very surprised how good this place is. Need to go back and try other things.
Dragged to this place and im happy i went. I had only tried Sichuan food once before in San mateo and it reminded me of how hot not spicy but numbing feeling it left. The dan dan Noodles are a must get. Remember this chinese rest is not the typical place, its a family style and to them it means when food is ready they will bring it out.. The beef tripe was a bit hard for me, but none the less tasty. The place has a large bar to accommodate single patrons and unlike others mentioned, we met Han and treated us well. Good tasty food that is not typical on a good price point and pretty good lunch specials. This place will become a go to place form now on.
I heart han dynasty's...cabbage. No really, their cabbage with dry peppers is fabulous and makes everyone who gives me funny looks into a convert. It's also sweet, and not as spicy as everything else (so it takes off a lot of the burn.) Everything else that I've had here is wonderfully spicy - dan dan noodles, spicy cucumber, dry pepper chicken wings, double cooked pork belly, shui zhu yu, mapo tofu, you name it. I think they over-err on the spicy mala side sometimes, especially in some of their entree peparations, but I'd definitely get the double cooked pork belly again (the fat on it renders beautifully in thin slices) as well as the dry pepper chicken wings, which are AMAZING, super crunchy and not soggy and so flavorful, but they do take a while to come out. It came out after almost all of our main courses are out, and its labeled as an appetizer - so just keep that in mind!Also, those numbers aren't a joke, a 2 will give your mouth a slight tease, and a 4 starts the tingling, but by the time you get to a 9, the mala train is definitely running as fast as your nose will drip.
Okay so my sister was raving about this place and decided to try it. At night the place was packed and quite overwhelming. The girl told my group 1 hour as we put our name in. 30 mins later we asked her again and she said one hour which I did not understand after she put a group of 4 at table ahead of us so we left and went somewhere else.During the day a few days later, me and my boyfriend decided to try it and got in right away. They served us tea and I ordered the spring rolls and dumplings as appetizers.  Then got the braised beef soup and Dan Dan noodles. Omg so good. The beef is like butter but has fat on it so you might not like it. When they say something is not that spicy, its HOT. My whole mouth was burning but in joy because it was so good. I also like how there was HUGE PORTIONS (Which the waitress did tell us) so there was plenty to take home! Going again this week because the food is that good!So in all, food is amazing but go there with an Asian friend at night and service for you will be quicker then ever or expect to wait!! Food: 9/10Service: 8(1/2)Space(room): 6Wait staff: 8DayHost: 8Nighthost: 5
Fantastic meal!  I had to force myself to stop eating because it was so good.  I recommend the Dumplings in Chili Oil (just the right amount of spiciness), Mapo Tofu with Minced Pork (the tofu simply melted in my mouth), and the Dry Pot style with Chicken was AMAZING.  It was one of the best meals I've ever tasted.
Before my close friend Miranda set off for South America, we had a Szechuan feast! She had never been to Han Dynasty and I needed to fix that immediately. I would also mention I was CRAVING it! It is so DAMN spicy but it hurts so good!We started our meal with a required appetizer: the Dan Dan Noodles! The noodles are tender and perfectly soft. They are tossed in chili oil and served with minced pork, garnished with scallions. They are utterly divine. Simply a must try. We also got the Wontons in Chili Oil. I'm pretty sure we got the Wontons vs. the Dumplings...but I'm not sure! Either way, they were incredible as always! In order to calm down my palate, I ordered a beer. Maybe it didn't help the spice, but it was cold and tasted great!For our entrees, we got the Dry Pot Style Lamb. This is a signature dish and usually a 10/10 on spice - we asked for 5/10. Still couldn't feel my face, but that is ok. We also tried a new dish: Garlic Sauce Style Chicken. It is described as "sweet, sour, and spicy" and I agree that is accurate. It was a nice change. I haven't tried anything at this spot that I don't like. It is simply fabulousAlthough this spot doesn't take reservations, you can give them your phone number and wait at a nearby bar. The system is so efficient! You get a text message when your table is ready and a 10 minute window to return. If you need to cancel, just text back. I don't love when a spot doesn't take ressies, but this is worth it, especially given the awesome technology. A MUST GO.
I first heard about Han Dynasty from my former director at my old job. He tried the food once and was just hooked. In fact he was raving about the food! That was over a year ago. I finally got to try their food when I caught up with him last month along with a bunch of my former co-workers. We were hanging out at his practice near Union square and decided to order via Caviar. We ordered the following items:Dan Dan noodles Dumplings in chili oilDry pepper chicken wingsSpicy tofu fish Cumin beef or lamb (can't remember which meat we got)Kung pao chickenSalt n pepper shrimpEverything we ordered was terrific! The only dish I could have gone without was the chicken wings. Loved the dumplings, shrimp, and cumin beef! I wanted more of the dumplings! The noodles were also really good but I do think it doesn't travel as well as the other dishes. The kung pao chicken was definitely the best kung pao chicken I've ever had but it doesn't outshine the other dishes. I also really enjoyed the spicy tofu fish but interestingly while most in our group enjoyed it because of the fish, for me it was the tofu that was memorable. The fish felt a little overcooked. Over all this is definitely not your average neighborhood Chinese take our place. It stands out in flavor and quality while still being reasonably priced. I'd love to go again for dinner.Because the food was in fact as good as I was lead to expect I am giving it 5 stars. Time will tell if they will consistently be worth the rating.
The food is good but missing something... it was semi authentic but americanized. The portions are certainly very generous at this establishment which makes it a great bang for your buck. I got the dan dan noodles and double cooked pork as recommended by the reviews.  To be honest I was not blowen away by the noodles, the texture was good and portions were huge but it was too salty... which left me wanting a lot of water. The double cooked pork on the other hand was good, lots of good oily pork and not just a plate full of leeks (which has happened to me at another sichuan place). The service wasnt bad but the atmosphere did not feel clean, I had to change my cup and plates since it was not clean-which made me wary of the cleanliness of the place.  It was also odd to me that none of the staff present at lunch was chinese, which made it difficult for me to ask which dish they would recommend that is native to their hometown.The place is packed as many others have said,  so make sure to make a reservation or prepare to wait 1.5-2 hrs.
Loved the food! We came here for dinner last night, and as expected it was packed with an hour and a half wait, which was totally worth it!!  I love how they had a lot a vegetarian options ( lack of it can be an issue for vegetarians at some places). Me and another friend ( also a vegetarian) got the veggie spring rolls, Dan Dan noodles( best part of the menu, hands down!! ), and the tofu and veggies in garlic sauce. Everything was delicious. Our friends got a lot of variations in chicken , fish and pork and they loved it! The time between ordering our food and having it on the table was quite short, which is an another plus. Definitely coming back soon!
Great Chinese food :) The dinner menu is on the pricier side (compared to most Chinese restaurants), but the lunch special is so worth it! I've been for both dinner and lunch, but I don't think there's a different in how much food they give you... at least, I haven't noticed it. I always get an order of the Dan Dan Noodles (drool). I've also tried the Eggplant in Garlic sauce (which is one of my favorite dishes) and the Mapo Tofu (yum). You can't go wrong with any of the styles for meat entrees (I really like the Dry Pepper Chicken and the Kungpao). They can adjust the spiciness of the order, so don't be intimidated! It gets pretty packed for dinner (I've waited an hour before), but I've always gotten seated immediately for lunch. The service is really good as well, which is a definite plus.
Came here with a group of 9 for Friendsgiving.I was looking for something more hip than the usual more authentic chinese family style restaurant id go to.It came out to $20 per person and we were all pretty fullThe food was above average, not super amazing or anything.We got the dan dan noodles, 3 cup chicken (which tasted better than the one in Philly which was super mushy and i call theirs the three cup fish lol), string beans and minced pork,beef tendon in chilli oil, wonton in chicken soup, pea leaves with garlic, dry pepper chicken, kung pao chicken. All very solid!Overall id come again for the chill hip environment, fair prices, and solid szechuan food
It might be even be five stars.This is my "go to place" in my East Village neighborhood for excellent Chinese food. The shifu chicken  ("Three Cup Chicken") is excellent.  A vegetable dish of cabbage with dried red pepper is incredible when you ask them to add chicken for a few bucks extra. The lines are often long, but it's worth the wait, and they deliver.
I never like this place because of over prices food and they are very stingy on meat in their "meat" dishes. I only come here when friends want to, then I always regret it. I would much moe recommend going down like 2 restaurants up north to Hunan Bistro. The food is generally priced the same if not better, but the dishes are so incredibly flavorful and done so right.
Be ready to wait. Apps: We enjoyed the scallion pancakes which were very simple (batter and scallion) and the chili wontons which were our favorite and use the same sauce as the Dan Dan noodles. We did not finish the chicken wings as we found them to be mostly fried oil.Entrees: Dan Dan noodles are good and spicy but don't get them to go because they turn too mushy. The garlic shrimp were also delicious (no leftovers here). We did not like the bok choy and mushrooms because their sauce was like snot/boogers.Will be back for the things we liked.
Great food, terrible services!  They "forgot" one of our orders, started cleaning the table even before we finished the food, and charged 20% gratitude automatically on our bill.
It's good, but I don't get the hooplah. 3.5 stars, rounded up to 4 (really just because they get the spices right). I'm a big fan of Sichuan food and have yet to find a place worthy of repeat visits. Sadly, this place wasn't good enough for that.I didn't think the dan dan noodles provided enough contrasts between textures. I could barely feel the ground pork or taste it. The noodles themselves were a solid product, but when 200+ reviews recommended them, I expected nothing short of ground breaking. The portion size is very generous; I do recommend splitting the noodles. Not a fan of the pork belly appetizer. It's just cold pork in chili oil. The pork isn't seasoned. It's not crispy. Easily the most forgettable part of the meal. I did enjoy the chicken in sweet garlic sauce, as it offered different flavors and allowed me to cool down from the heat of the noodles. If I lived nearby, I'd do takeout on occasion. I went early enough (12pm Saturday) so that I didn't have to wait. I'm pretty surprised that people mentioned in the reviews that hour long waits are not rare here. I'm really just beginning to think I need to venture out to Flushing/Queens for some truly memorable Sichuan.
There are few places that I'm as passionate about as Han Dynasty, and it wasn't love at first sight.Han Dynasty started in Philly, and became a trendy spot for family-style Chinese food.  When I went in PA, I wasn't ready for the szechuan - thought it was TOO spicy and wasn't used to the nutty flavor in their Dan Dan noodles.  Then...for days afterwards..I couldn't stop thinking about the noodles.  I think this is what they classify as a "craving?"  I had never understood that term...until Han.Then...miracle of miracles...they come to NYC!  As soon as their doors open, I'm there for anoher hit of the dumplings in chili oil and the Dan Dan Noodles.  I've also tried the chicken and various other dishes, but in my opinion, they don't compare to the standard order right there.  Hot and spicy and and SO different from any other Chinese food I've had.  There's always a wait and the hostess looks tremendously (and understandably) stressed by the throngs of people stuffed in the doorway, as she should - just put your name in and go for a drink at one of the 10,000 bars nearby- she'll text you when the table is ready.
(10) out of 10!Han Dynasty is conveniently located near Union Square and to be honest, I didn't expect much of it, but now it's one of my favorite spots in this area! Han Dynasty offers delicious plates ranging from not spicy to (10) spicy so there's a little bit of everything for everyone.  Their menu is pretty comprehensive and authentic.  You'll see on the menu a hint of condescending attitude towards "Baby Adults," equated to "Kids," who order Spring Rolls and Fried Dumplings, which are a safer choice for those wary of the Szechuan cuisine.Appetizers:Spicy Crispy Cucumbers: YES! Pretty authentic and perfectly pickled and yes, spicy!Pork Belly w/ Sweet Garlic Chili Oil Sauce: This is a great cold appetizer for those looking for some protein to start their meal.  The pork belly is thinly sliced and drizzled in delicious sweet garlic chili oil.  It's not so spicy as it is pungent and sweet.Dan Dan Noodles: This has gotten a lot of hype, but I feel like they're mediocre in comparison to some Dan Dan noodles that I've had in California.  Nonetheless, this is the best I've had in the city so far.  I've yet to find a close competitor to Han Dynasty's version that's just the right amount of chewiness and flavor.Entrees:Hot Sauce Style: Traditionally, Chinese people choose to eat beef and fish in this style.  The dish consists of the proteins simmered in an Authentic Szechuan chili oil hot sauce.  The proteins are extremely tender and piping hot!  The sauce is God's answer to things that go perfectly with rice.Double Cooked Style:  In Chinese, this literally means "return to the pot."  I take that as double the flavor and Han Dynasty doesn't disappoint.  The flavors are pungent and this dish goes really well with rice.  Don't think twice and just order the Pork Belly version.Immediately after I leave Han Dynasty, I feel Szechuan cuisine withdrawal.  As a quick fix, I always ask to take the remaining hot sauce in my Hot Sauce Style Beef to-go as well as the leftover leeks in the Double Cooked Pork Belly.  Add in the contents in a saucepan with some proteins and vegetables, pour your masterpiece over a bowl of white rice, and you'll be reliving Han Dynasty for one more meal!
Was coming in around 10 pm on a Thursday night and my best friend, being the best, had dinner from Han Dynasty waiting when I arrived for us to devour while we caught up. Perfect order of dry spicy fried tofu and a wet version of it (softer, silken tofu with a oil/spicy sauce) with rice, along with the famous dan dan noodles. Pros:+dan dan noodles - even though they don't have any veggies / tofu in it, they are some of the best noodles I've had!+dry spicy tofu - think fried tofu cubes with some spices / bell peppers (no sauce). You can just eat these with hot sauce, mix them into your noodles, or mix with a curry+great prices Cons:-Was not a huge fan of the spicy tofu dish (with the oily sauce) because I found the sauce far too oily / not as flavorful as I expected. -One hiccup with ordering (they said the order was delivered, it was no where to be found / the doorman hadn't seen any delivery guys either) but they resolved it quickly. I've been to the Philly location before this, and the high quality of the food holds true for NY delivery as well. I will be back!
The food is OK but the service is just so so. I think there are many great Chinese restaurant to choose and I think this one tastes better.
Great! Awesome food...! Cool spot, packed! Food is tasty.. Seafood fresh (Friday Lent)... BUT, disappointed with Kung pow shrimp- not spicy at all.  However the noodles... Awesome spice!
Service: ZERO star. Horrible. If I could only give negative...our waiter ignored our party of three entire dinner except initial order. They forgot two dishes from our order. The WORST part: the host of restaurant basically kicked us out by telling us: you guys occupying the table over two hours. WOW. why don't you put a sign outside stating clearly: fast food shop, fast eaters only???Food: meh. Dan Dan noodle. Are you kidding me??!?!?! I visited Chengdu city many times, had numerous Dan Dan noodle 担担面. I never had such stuff my entire life. Where is the hot spicy flavorful soupy source? Hua jiao pepper?? And the chewiness??? All important ingredients are missing. If you want to have something quick like this Americanized sweet peanut sauce soft noodle, go for it. But it is millions away from authentic担担面.
Find a better Chinese place, I dare you! Wondering what to get? Dan Dan, of course, wontons in chili oil, cucumbers, pea leaves, and dry pepper chicken are my faves.It's quite spicy and tends to numb the face, so be prepared!
Pretty sweet delicious Szechuan food although everyone dining there was non-Asian. The Dan Dan noodles were so decadent a must order if you ask me.  The dumplings in a spicy soy sauce was so yummy you just want to take that sauce and dump it on top of your rice and let it soak it and partake on the Partay in your mouth
I suggest: Dan Dan noodles, wontons in chili oil, steamed wonton.Service is fine, ambience is typical chinatown. Not a very romantic date spot but a great spot to casually eat, for not that much money, and get authentic food.
Oh Han Dynasty, you showed me how amazing Chinese food can be.  Far from the usual neighborhood Chinese takeout place, this place is packed with people for good reason.  The food is delicious.The menu is helpfully organized by spice level with a number from 1-10.  We opted for 3's and 4's for our first trip and it was a pleasant level of spice and flavor.  My friend who recommended the place said he's been all the way up to 10 and it  never gets crazy, just more tingly and yummy.  We are going for 5's and 6's next time.We started with the dumplings in chili oil which were amazing.  Not deep fried or watery like a lot places, these were just jam packed with flavor.  We followed those up with garlic shrimp and double cooked style dishes both of which were yummy and moreish.Service was quick, friendly and efficient.  I highly recommend the place and can't wait to go back.Tip: Grab a seat at the spacious bar if the place is full.
Charming experience that started with a menu that didn't have much information about the dishes, continued with a waiter who guffawed at our question about the menu like we were stupid, went on with sub-par entrees served over Fibonacci rice (you know - rice from yesterday mixed with rice from the day before yesterday). We asked for the check when our plates were more than half full and paid 40$ for the pleasure. The waiter just asked if everything was ok. No, it's not - would people return this much food if it was good? Won't be coming back.
First dinner in Phili and went there, because they are close to Apple Hostel. The light is somewhat dark....don't understand why they did that. But the food are good! As a Chinese, I'd like to say the food are authentic. Worth a try!
Quick Summary: Excellent Food and Service. I would highly recommend going if you're in the mood for Chinese.Came in on a Tuesday night and the restaurant was still pretty full, had to wait no more than five minutes for a table as the restaurant is quite large and they do a good job of turning over tables pretty quickly.Our server displayed the perfect balance of being helpful without being overbearing and did a great job of explaining how the "head index" a scale of 1-10 worked. Also, as it was myself and girlfriend, let us know that a single appetizer and entree would be more than sufficient for us (I wish we listened, we ordered two appetizers with an entree and were very full by the end). The food portions as stated are larger and I would say that ordering a single appetizer and entree per couple is more than sufficient as our waitress had said. The one thing that I believe goes unmentioned is the great beer selection that they have on tap and in bottles, very impressive. As for the food, we ordered the Dan Dan noodles, spicy cucumber and Garlic chicken, both were excellent! One thing I failed to mention is that you can adjust any dishes "heat level", so we decided to ratchet up the heat on the garlic chicken to a five and left the Dan Dan noodles at a perfectly spiced 6. Great restaurant and highly recommend going if you're dining in the Upper West Side.
I've had this bookmarked upon my move to New York and my god, it was worth the wait.My friend and I came across this after a half-assed workout (we sweat a little bit). My first impression was - oh this is probably some high-end, Americanized Chinese food smacked on 2nd Ave. We got in around 7:30pm, which is close to prime dinner time in NYC on a Thursday night. We were fortunate as we were a party of two and only waited for five minutes for our table to be ready.Was I right? Read below:While I had no knowledge of what was on the best stuff to get on the menu, my friend did all the ordering and got us: Salt & Pepper shrimp (came with white rice) and "Dan Dan noodles" vegetarian style. The original dish comes with pork fyi.Our waiter brought out our Dan Dan noodles and I was eager to get a taste of this dish as my friend said this is their most popular dish. I see him mixing the noodles with some  special sauce the restaurant carries, and finally served myself some and that was it. My tastebuds were happy and dancing as I savored every bite and single noodle strand. The Salt & Pepper shrimp took awhile to come out - we were practically done with our noodles and were contemplating if we should get more food. We held off though, and when our shrimps came out, we were surprised with a dish of white rice. I didn't know it came with it; then again, I didn't even bother reviewing the menu. Although the shrimp was battered and fried, it was so light. You know the taste quality when it's cheap batter and overly fried when you feel gross and fat afterwards? Not even the slightest. Although I know the food I was eating was not really healthy (noodles = carbs, shrimp = protein, but fried = fatty), I did not feel bad whatsoever. So was it overpriced and Americanized? Yes and yes. Was it good? YES. Would I go back and pay a lot for this? Yeah, I probably would.HAHA
Came here for a birthday dinner with the plan to do the tasting menu. I don't know why this isn't more heavily publicized as this is one of the best deals in NYC right now, especially for group dining. There are three options with variations on the protein at the different price points. $25 buys you pork and beef, $30 gets you additional fish, and $35 gets you all of the above proteins along with lamb, duck, scallops, and shrimp. You can guess which one I advocated for- we ended up springing for the $35 extravaganza.So first off let me say, this is not the best Sichuan food you can find in NYC and I think my ratings would change if I were rating this restaurant a la carte. However, the sheer excess of the entire event and the consistency they were able to maintain gives it an additional star in my book.There are too many things to list but I will try my best to recall them all:-cucumber salad: not for everyone, tad bit sweet but refreshing-pickled sichuan vegetables: surprise hit of the evening! -dandan noodles: people have raved about these and rightfully so, flavor is great but I wish they were a tad bit more al dente-scallion pancakes: meh, nothing revelatory-wontons in chili oil: pork wontons in spicy sauce, what's not to love?-rabbit with peanuts in chili oil: we asked for everything mild as the spice tolerance in the group varied but this was still seriously spicy. I love this dish and it was pretty good here-string beans: very good, with that crinkly skin you want on a good chinese string bean-snow pea leaves w/ garlic: a nice respite to the evening where I could pretend I was healthyAs for the proteins, I can't even really describe them as at the point in the evening, my brain was fogging over with food coma. This is just all the proteins I can recall, and truth be told there were probably more.-beef -lamb-duck-shrimp-chicken-scallop-fishService was friendly; there were a few snafus e.g., the wine list is not up to date and we had to ask various times for prices but overall, they were incredibly accommodating. Alcohol selection is fine but IMHO, best thing to down spicy Sichuan food with is a cheap Asian beer anyway (they have Tiger beer for that).Great place for group dinner for gluttons!
Walked in, smelled great, and greeted with a smile.I had the Braised Beef Noodle and the Fried Dumplings. Both were delicious. The noodles were kind of oily, but still good. The dumplings were perfectly fried and moist on the inside.The staff was friendly, and I'm pretty sure the owner was there and she checked up on me just enough times.Overall good experience!
Incredible! The portions are super generous, the food is very tasty and it's rated according to how spicy it is. This is a great place to come with friends order a plate each, share it up, and sit there for an hour or two! The beer is list is pretty good, they had Taiwan beer, which was pretty tasty for being the bud light or Sapporo equivalent. The staff is super accommodating and also very helpful. We came in as a group of 3 without a reservation at 9pm and it was crowded. There were 2 tables for 2 that were apart from each other and they went out of their way to push them together for us. Very thankful!Tea is complimentary. All the dishes can be made with several choices (beef, chicken, shrimp, pork). I have to come back, this place was FUN!
Great meal. Service is a bit slow or it would be a 5!I recommend the Dan Dan noodles, the dumplings and the kung pao chicken. If you come during peak lunch rush be prepared to wait to be seated. Depending on how much you're craving authentic food the wait might be worth it!
So I thought this was the spot that Miranda and Steve from SATC would frequent when they wanted good Chinese...but I was wrong. I just watch too much TV. Anywho, what's important is that the food was delicious. This family style spot is super busy so make reservations. myself and two friends walked in and were told that it would be a 30 min wait. They took my friends number and said they would text when a table became available. You even have to wait to eat at the bar.Once we were seated, We order a smorgasbord since it was family style. Spicy cucumbers, Dan dan noodles w/ pork (for my swine eating friends),  beef fried rice, vegetable spring rolls, dry pepper chicken wings, pea leaves w/ garlic, and kung pao style chicken....can you say a feast! This entire meal was EVERYTHING I could hope for, for my empty stomach!
Yummy and oh-so-spicy! I usually have to prepare myself mentally and physically when I make the conscious decision to eat at Han Dynasty. Go to's: Dry pepper style chicken (think spicy popcorn chicken at a boba shop but better) Scallion style chicken (great non-spicy alternative with lots of flavor and cooked at a very high temp on a wok) Garlic chicken (spicy, tangy and lots of crunchy ear mushrooms) Dumplings, wontons, whatever they have in chili oil Scallion pancakes (its fried...'nuff said) Dan Dan noodle (personally too spicy for me, but all my friends order this religiously) This location serves spicier food! I have been told by the wait staff in the Upper West side location that East Village location does not hold back. Sadly, Han Dynasty is not on seamless, only Caviar, Doordash and Postmates. So if you really want Han, you gotta walk your butt to their location or cough up the delivery fee.
Great food! Great. But the awful service and inability for the restaurant to handle basic logistics makes it impossible to order. I spent twenty minutes trying to order take out recently. My hope was to pick up food on my walk home. No one picked up the phone. I decided to go in and place the order directly. It was busy, as expected on a Sunday night, but not unmanageable. The guy in charge of take out asked me what I wanted, to place an order, and then promptly walked away to go check on orders for some delivery men waiting. The owner/manager was behind the bar and saw me waiting, but all she did when I tried to get her attention was look at me and walk away. She then started to check the plastic folders that the checks come in. After about five minutes the take out guy came back and dealt with all of the delivery men and FINALLY looked at me to ask me what I wanted. After inquiring how long the wait would be for take out (45 min! After trying to call for 20 min and waiting in the restaurant for 5 min) I gave up and went home hungry. If you don't mind a long wait, lack of attention, and a restaurants overall inability to deal with a rush, the food is definitely worth checking out.
We cam here twice, once on the New Year day for lunch and once on Saturday night for dinner. It was packed both time. Tip: if you are ok with sitting at the bar, take it, because if you are table of 2, they will not give you a 4 person table. The first time I was here, the couple came after us that took the bar seats finished their meal before my friend and I even got our table. During our two visits, we ordered the following:Dan Dan Noodle - 5/5, everyone ordered it and so should you, it is bit spicyDry Pot Style (Beef) - 4/5, it looks better than it tastes, not saying it is bad, just not good as I expectedPickled Vegetable w/ Fish - 5/5, the soup looks plain, but very tastyGarlic Sauce Style (Chicken) - 5/5, very yumDamn, I shouldn't write this review, I'm hungry again, anyone wants to have dinner at Han? =)
Having heard about Han Dynasty as one of the more popular places while visiting Philadelphia (and never having tried it), I made the short journey out to EV to have a try.  First impression - man, that HAN DYNASTY sign is extremely obnoxious and commercial looking.  Kind of takes away from the experience a little.We had the option to wait for a table, share a big round table, or sit at the bar - we chose the bar, as the restaurant was getting full and it would be a 20+ min wait for a table.  Hostess was a little.... strange and not so much on the friendly side.Ordered:Beef & Tripe - my favorite out of all the dishes that night.  I'm a huge fan of tripe and the mixture of both the tender beef and spicy ma-la sauce was absolutely delicious.  I would have this as its own dish.  Very spicy and numbing, but still 100% enjoyable.Spicy eggplant - meh.  This dish lost this place 1 star.  It was nothing special, not spicy, and very generic.Double-cooked pork belly - not as good as Mission Chinese's thrice cooked pork belly (and quite different, actually), but still delicious as its own.  It has a lot of leek in it, so if you're a fan of leek, this dish is for you.  Not too spicy - manageable.Rice is noticably undercooked and quite firm.Our waiter actually messed up our order and forgot to put it in (only after 10 min of waiting, and he was super honest about it) and offered to take a dish off our bill - only to realize he actually put the order in twice.  Oops?  He still took an item off our bill, which was nice.
Long long long lines but the food is bloody good. My go-to are the Dan Dan noodles. Quick service and cheap! Tastes even better on a cold winter evening.
I first heard of Han Dynasty from their others locations in Philly, and finally we tried this location is busy, and they don't take reservation unless it's a table of more than 8. All the dishes on the menu are exactly the same as their other locations. It was ranked the spicyness from 1 to 10 for every dishes, and you can also tell you server how mild you want them to be. This is what I really liked about this restaurant, very accommodating. If you like spicy, I recommend DanDan Noodle, Cumin style meat (esp good for red meat) and the hot sauce fish. If you can't handle spicy but wanna a little taste of sichuan cuisine, try their Dandan Noodle MILD and string bean w minced pork. We went their on a Sat for dinner, and the service wasn't very good, from when we were waiting to be seated to waiting for our dishes to come. My experiences w their other locations in Philly was better, even when it's busy.
Hands down, my favorite Chinese restaurant in the city.  I usually do take out service which is fast and friendly.  My favorites:Braised Lamb in chili Sauce - extra spicyWontons in Spicy oilDan Dan NoodlesI hate to admit it but I eat here at least once every other week.  I think I may be addicted, its that good!
This place is pretty darn good.Yes, there will probably be a bit of wait. Yes, you will probably be bumping elbows with the patron seated next to you. I honestly think all of that is worth it, though, because I found the food to be phenomenal. I had their dan dan noodles (which can be made vegetarian!), cumin tofu, and their cold cucumber dish. The cucumber dish was slightly sweet, which I found surprising, but it was still good. The dan dan noodles were fantastic and so was the cumin tofu. Portion sizes were quite large as well, so I definitely ate my fill. I didn't even finish all of my food, which is a true testament to how large the portions were because my mama taught me to finish all of my meals.Highly recommended if you are a fan of spicy Szechuan Chinese food.
Best Mapo Tofu! Their Sesame Noodles are Vegan and they are very accommodating with spice levels and vegan options. Lunch special deals are great. But be aware that at lunch the portion sizes are smaller.
Terrible service. I placed an online order well ahead time for pickup and got a confirmation. When I arrived to pick it up I was told it wasn't ready yet. It was only after I asked several times when it would be ready that the host told me she had forgotten to put my order in. After she put it in I waited another 20 mins (though she told me it would be half that). The food is good, but not good enough to make up for the service. I'll be taking my business elsewhere.
The food is good, but the customer service is unbelievably bad. It's almost a joke. I've never encountered anything like it. I recommend never ordering take out (over the phone) or delivery from here.
Can't make a reservation, made me wait for 40 mins for a 3 people table, but it was worth it ! The dandan noodle is a must! I saw every table had a bowl of it, and it's really good. I ordered the pork belly, really good flavored. Only bad thing is the food is a little bit salty.
Ok where to start... So I used to come here at least once a month with some friends, ordering the Dan Dan Noodle, Double Cooked Pork, and Garlic Bok Choy, and with the business and the overall contours of the restaurant, I felt it deserved about 3.5-4 stars. One day though, just like the other days I ordered our usual, and I ran into some issues with the food. The Dan Dan Noodle, I saw something that didn't look like a little piece of meat, and when I looked closely, it was a squished fly, and the fact that it was squished and smashed made me so uneasy... I sent it back instantly and was very disgruntled, then hoping to try to continue my meal, I moved to the pork, which of course I found a giant hair in. I've gotta say, this place I recognized wasn't the cleanest, but common guys, two incidents in one meal??? The colloquial name for this place is Handy Nasty, and I never understood why, but now I know, and while the food tasted good, it's a shame I'm never going to come back.
5 stars for their dan dan noodles. Spicy. Tasty. Delicious.3 stars for everything else. The other dishes we got were just okay. I don't think we were too impressed. They were definitely good, just not mind-blowing or impressive. It tasted pretty authentically chinese though.
I'll start off with good: The wontons in chili oil were great! Now for the bad: The Hot Sauce Tofu was bland and not at all spicy and the Dan Dan Noodles were bland and mushy. Will not order from here again, not to mention spending the extra $$ to order delivery from via Caviar.
All I can say is, I had very tasty experience here while highly intoxicated. This part of my night was a weeeee bit hazy in my memory, but definitely left really full and with no complaints, so the food has to be pretty decent. Next time I go I'll try and elucidate upon the food...
I ordered delivery via Caviar, so I can't comment on the service. But the Dumplings in Chili Oil and the Dan Dan Noodles are absolutely delicious. I can see why the Dan Dan Noodles get such rave reviews now - the noodles are the perfect consistency and the sauce is addictive. On the authenticity front, they tasted less spicy and more nutty than the dan dan noodles I had when I visited Chengdu, but my memory might just be playing tricks on me... I order dumplings in chili oil whenever I order from/dine at a Szechuan restaurant, and the ones from Han Dynasty were definitely up to standard. Will have to dine in next time and try their mapo tofu, scallion pancakes, etc.
Han Dynasty might be one of the more popular Sichuan restaurants in NYC but after dining here, I can't say I'm a fan nor do I care to come back.A group of us came here for their tasting menu ($25) which was described to us as a hand selected special menu by the Chef and the owner (Han himself). For me, tasting menus are always exciting because I can try many various dishes to get a good sense of what their restaurant is all about. Once seated, the staff immediately started bringing out dishes. Instead of letting us take our time enjoying the meal, we felt completely rushed and exhausted. Like herds of cattle, we were pushed to quickly finish our meal so they could be done with us and use our table to serve the next guests.At one point the owner, Han was so aggressive that he would just stand there and ask if we could move the remaining food onto our plate so he could clear the table. It was so aggravating trying to enjoy my meal that I actually had to ask him to please slow down because we felt like we were being rushed but instead gave me a poor excuse and said it was the kitchen's fault for cooking too fast. As for their dishes, I thought it could have been prepared with more care. Some of the dishes had way too much starch when stir fried, while other dishes didn't taste right, especially our pork belly dish as it was too fatty, chewy and bland. The pork belly could have also been  marinated into the meat much longer to bring out the flavor, but instead it tasted like it was added last minute just prior to being served.The only dish that stood out was their popular Sichuan chicken wing and probably the only item I would recommend. Otherwise, all the other dishes, just felt and taste like it was an upgrade from a fast food Chinese restaurant.  ________________________________________Below is the Tasting Menu base on my recollection. Unfortunately this is the best I can do to describe the dishes since the restaurant did not provide us a printed copy of the tasting menu: --Tasting Menu: (1) Spicy Cucumber Salad, (2) Pea Leaf, (3) Pork Belly Vinaigrette, (4) Chicken in Cumin, (5) Sichuan Chicken Wing, (6) Spicy Fried Chicken Bits, (7) Saute String Beans, (8) Julienne Beef with Bamboo, (9) Dan Dan Noodles, (10) Pork Belly with Garlic Sauce, (11) Beef with Onion and Peppers, (12) Saute Spinach, (13) Scallion Pancake and (14) Wonton in Chili Oil--
Delicious from start to finish. Spicy cold cucumber were crispy and cooling in contrast to the chilli oil, Dan Dan noodles had a nice and springy texture with a tasty sauce and the tofu and vegetable soup was enough to serve 5. Portions of apps were generous. For entrees we got the fish in chili oil, dry pepper beef and Kung Pao shrimp. Make a reservation to avoid waiting or otherwise it's actually worth the wait - there's bar seating too.
Came here on a Sat night and it was packed! They told me it was an hour wait, but it was maybe around 30-40 mins? They serve food FAST. The dan dan noodles are a must get! The spice had a kick to it and the noodles were chewy. I could have that sauce with all of my food! I shall be back (tmrw)!
Really stinkin good.Found this place through Yelp and am so happy about it.Been here twice now and pretty much loved everything I had. The dan dan mien is really where it's at. Full of garlicky spicy flavor. Seems so simple but the depth is definitely there. Wontons are also delicious, as are the vegetables. Had a pork belly dish that was slightly overwhelming in the fatty category. The leftovers were eaten in the course of the next three days which helped to break it up. White rice with everything is delicious!Came here on a Wednesday afternoon... absolutely no wait. Came here on a Friday evening... one hour wait. Figure it out.
5 stars for commendable Szechuan food that would make a Chengdu native proud. Even more importantly, Han Dynasty has a bar for the solo dining New Yorkers. A+.Recommended: Wontons with Chili OilNot so much: Szechuan pickled vegetables.
I don't normally write update reviews, but given that this restaurant has improved markedly since its early days, I felt it only fair.  Although Han Dynasty still has little to no charm / ambiance / personality and is no longer BYOB (meaning that you have to choose from a fairly small list of overpriced wines and beers...no liquor), the food is now quite delicious.  Not only have I been back multiple times and walked away very happy / full, but I've also felt comfortable enough with the quality of the food to bring family and friends here who are in the mood for spicy Szechuan cuisine.  The Dan Dan noodles are now one of my favorite menu items - the heat has been dialed up and the peanut-flavor has been toned down.  The dry pepper chicken wings are also very tasty - much less oily and much more flavorful / spicy.  The dumplings in chili oil and the dry pepper style chicken (entree, not wings) remain two of my favorite items, although the dumplings have now been eclipsed by the Dan Dan noodles.  You really can't go wrong with their entrees - everyone I have ever dined with has been uniformly pleased with their orders.If you can't make it out to Flushing, then this is definitely a solid bet.  The wait times aren't ever too long, and they have a good system in place to take down your info and then text you when your table is ready.  Just go in knowing that this place is all about the food and not about the overall "experience."  Oh, and if you really can't handle the lame overall vibe, then you can get their food delivered via Caviar, which I have done with positive results (although you do forfeit the free hot tea...).
They always delivered our orders so quickly and never messed up a single one. I recommend this place to everyone, the service is fast & friendly and the food is awesome! I always get an insane amount for a decent price and it always tastes great!
13 people. 1 tasting menu. And more dishes than I could count. End result: magically delicious.I made an attempt to catalogue all the dishes we had. This is NOT a full list:Wonton in Chili Oil, Dry Pepper Chicken Wings, Spicy Crispy Cucumber, Beef & Tripe in Chili Oil, Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce, Dan Dan Noodles, Cold Sesame Noodles, String Beans w/ Minced Pork, Pea Leaves w/ Garlic, Bok Choy w/ Black Mushrooms, Dry Pot Style Pork, Cumin Style Lamb, Salt n' Pepper Style Shrimp, Crispy Rice Style Beef, Three Cup Chicken, Whole Fish, Scallion Pancake, Duck.First of all, I've never come across a tasting menu that was such a BARGAIN. $30 per person for all this? And the food. Oh the food. This is like, the better version of the best Szechuan restaurants in NYC. Everything is hot and spicy and flavorful and delicious, but even more so. You know it's a good place when you're craving it the very next day.Standouts for me were the Spicy Crispy Cucumbers (that sauce!), the Dan Dan noodles (some of the best I've had), the Cold Sesame Noodles (that garlic kick!), Pork Belly (who doesn't like pork belly?) and the Whole Fish (forgot what it's called on the menu, but it is good!). I would easily order all of these again. The place wasn't terribly busy at 2pm on a Saturday afternoon. Servers were patient and polite with us and food came out very quickly. Plus, after all that food, we had leftovers! My only regret is that I was so busy stuffing my face, I didn't get a take a single pic of our feast.
I love this place.  I'm from Philly and use to go to the one in Manayunk.  Nice to see there is one in the East Village.  All of their dishes are packed with flavor.  I recommend the kung pao chicken.  Also the dan dan noodles are the bomb.  I will continue to come back here for years to come!
Dan Dan noodles, crispy chicken, cumin lamb. Epic.This is the sort of place you want to order family style.
The fish with hot sauce had fewer slices of fish compared to other restaurants with similar price. Other than that, since it is hard to find a restaurant near NYU, I would say this place is not a bad choice.
If I could choose 0 star, I would definitely choose that!The attitude of the waitress (black hair) there was horrible! Maybe she expects customers to offer service to her, and the gratuity on the bill (20%) is determined by this terrible place, you could even not choose little tips if you're not satisfied.And what annoys me most is the pen that they gave me to sign my name on bill, it's broken and cannot write anything out! But, ironically, its pen oil came out and spoiled over my hand and my wallet, and it can't be washed! WTF!!! I sincerely hope this horrible restaurant would close down soon.
Food was decent but the layout of the restaurant is not ideal. It was packed so we decided to eat at the bar -- bad idea. There's no where for people to stand and wait for tables so people just crowd by the front door and around the bar so I had people leaning all over me while I was trying to eat. Just got a to-go box and finished at home.
Best lo mein and Kung pao chicken I've ever had! Tell the waiter how spicy you want your meal :-) plenty of room for a big or small party. The staff is really welcoming, you'll fell very at home and the food is amazing :)
This place is awesome if you're in the mood for some tasty Szechuan. My favorite dishes are the dan dan noodles and the fish in chili oil but it's hard to go wrong with anything. The restaurant doesn't look like anything special but this place can get pretty packed. Staff is friendly and always moving! Even when there were a bunch of people waiting outside, I've never felt I had to wait excessively long. My only real criticism is that the spice level varies depending on the day. Sometimes the dan dan noodles are fairly mild and sometimes I'm sweating balls, chugging water. I prefer something in the middle but it's still excellent either way.
Went around 4 pm on a Sunday - didnt have to wait a minute.No doubt the food is awesome ! ..Dan Dan noodles , chicken wings , dumplings in oil - were incredible as appetizers. The real deal is what comes in the main course - you can choose the style of  Szechuan and each item is rated from 1-10 in a scale of hotness. So thats very helpful while ordering. So Why I Give this place a 3 star - 1.  I have had Szechuan cuisine at other places in New England - and I would put this at per with the best one I have had till date (A small Family run place in CT). So if you have never tried Szechuan food before and compare this / define it as regular "chinese" then this will blow your mind !! .. BUT having tested good Szechuan before - I expected more out of this place considering that on regular days it has a waiting  time of ~1.5 hrs!!2.  We were 6 people - the servers were ok but it was a wait of more than 35 mins (!!!!!!) between the appetizers and the main course .... now when you are having Szechuan cuisine (and since its spicy), ideally you should have the appetizers immediately followed by the main course. A wait of 35 mins between the 2  - really killed our appetite Overall - Great Food, Cheap food , Delayed food!Ohh and Finally: WARNING: If you are sitting at the round table in the back ... be careful of sharp nails protruding out from the edges, when leaning on the table. My friend had her sweater damaged ..  BUT THE FOOD really took that disappointment away ..
Very busy restaurant, but fast and kind service none the less.We got a number of plates to share and they all came fast and hot. The atmosphere of this place was more on the basic side, but that did not deter us from enjoying our meal.Prices were reasonable here and the food quality was good. I appreciated seeing items which are not add common at most American Chinese restaurants.
I like this place. A lot even. But my enjoyment of the food at Han Dynasty seems to be highly dependent on the size of my group because that's what dictates the variety of dishes ordered. While it's great that Han Dynasty takes reservations for large groups (8+ people) and even has a tasting menu portioned out family style, everything starts to taste the same 6 or 7 dishes in, perhaps because the Chinese peppercorns have numbed half my tongue by this point. I believe our group of 10 the first time I went to Han Dynasty tried over 18 dishes. I prefer to dine at Han Dynasty in groups of 4 or less so that I can build a more modest meal out of the left side of the menu (appetizers, small dishes) and add one or two dishes from the right side of the menu (main dishes) as needed. My ideal meal at Han Dynasty (for a group of 4) is:- Spicy crispy cucumber - great balance of crunchy, refreshing cucumbers with a mildly spicy sauce- Wontons in chili oil - definitely opt for the wontons over the dumplings. The thinner skin of the wontons soak up the chili oil much better than the dumplings. - Dry pepper chicken wings - my favorite dish at Han Dynasty! Perfectly thin and crispy fried skin and just the right amount of spice. I'm always tempted to order two orders just so that I can eat an entire plate by myself. So far this hasn't happened.. yet.- Dan dan noodles - This is the most popular dish at Han Dynasty, and for good reason. They do a great rendition of this classic. The noodles have the right amount of chew and the sauce is deliciously sweet and nutty with a mellow spice level.- A fish entrée - Han Dynasty does fish really really well. The fish fillets are always fluffy and flavorful. My favorite is the dry pot style fish but if you prefer something with more sauce, the spicy tofu fish is also really great.- A meat entrée - I usually leave this choice to my dining companions since, as I have already mentioned, all the redundant flavors of the entrée selection make me indifferent to whatever is chosen. The hot sauce style lamb or beef and double-cooked pork belly are authentic and have been consistent hits with friends.I can't say I completely understand the spice level rating on the menu. I have noticed a slight variation of spice level for the dishes that are indicated as spicy but I'd classify all of them as mild to medium spicy. Nothing has been extremely spicy, especially for Sichuan food. On the bright side, the spice level has been pretty easy to handle for my friends who don't eat very spicy foods on a regular basis. If I had only experienced Han Dynasty in large groups I'd probably give them 3 stars, but the small group dining experience plus a few stellar dishes bump them up to 4 stars for me.
Han Dynasty is not too authentic for Szechuan, but has been tailored to American tastes. Note that even though each dish has a spicy level, it's really not that spicy... but still good though! It gets packed but my friends (a table of 7) were able to snag a table before the dinner rush. We hit a small bump during the course of the meal when the server was a little rude while we were choosing what to eat, claiming that he needed to "turn tables" and made us order quickly. Boo. It's a table of 7, hard to coordinate with this extensive menu! So to ease your ordering process, I've compiled a list of suggestions: 1) Hot Sauce Style Fish - this is the famous Szechuan dish ("water cooks fish"-direct translation lol). Fish filets cooked in a thick chili oil sauce, kind of oily (what isn't), but it's good and a must have for Szechuan. 2) Cumin style lamb - If you like lamb, and Xian Famous Foods, this would be a great choice. It's a dry stir fry; the cumin seeps into the lamb to complement all the other spices. 3) Mapo Tofu - it's a soft tofu stir fried with ground pork. Also a must have that goes great with rice. 4) Snow Peas w/ Garlic - a little pricey with vegetables, but one of my favorite Chinese vegetables! It's very hard to cook this, since the picking is very time consuming, so worth the price if you have more people. Great portions too! 5) Dan Dan Noodle - We were expecting an individual portion, so imagine our delight when a huge bowl of it was served. This isn't as spicy as I was expecting. 6) Wontons in Chili Oil - Another well-known dish. Great as an appetizer or side dish. It's really not that spicy even though it's a bright red. It's better to eat here with a big group because you'll be able to order a lot of entrees and try everything, definitely coming back again!
"If you want to serve the age, betray it." Han is much too smart not to know that painting by the numbers does not lead to great art. However, it does lead to thousands of sales where the customer doesn't know better than to blindly place trust in a number. This obsession with the heat index (spice level from 1-10) to the exclusion of nuanced flavors is enough to alienate this long time fan, who  does not remember the 10 point scale the first few times he ate at the PA locations yelp.com/biz/han-dynasty….  It saddens me to note that there is less artistry at the East village outpost of the Han Dynasty empire, and more signs of a chain (with the explicit intent to establish 100 locations), albeit a more accomplished one than Panda Express.From experience, I know that Han deliberately sabotages some cross-over dishes to make a point about what he pejoratively calls "American Chinese" cuisine. So, I didn't pay much attention to the Times review's description of one of the dishes as "sweetest... least appealing things on the menu". However, Pete Wells is absolutely spot-on in his critique of the cumin lamb as "floppy bands of meat with no fragrance from the spice to announce the arrival of the dish". If there is one dish at the NYC location that definitively broke my heart - it is this one. Don't get me wrong. Han still serves better Sichuan food than most you'll find in the city. However, you'll need to side step the obsession with ordering a dish rated 10 (even making it extra spicy!) through a liberal sprinkling of avoidable peppers...  and search for the definitive Sichuan dish that delicately balances pleasure and pain. My pork loving friends swear by the Dan Dan noodles. However, the protein I've found consistently well executed is fish. I've loved the pickled chili style (spice level 6) and the triple flash fried scallops. The other dishes I've enjoyed are the Spicy Beef noodle soup (spice level 5), and the dry pepper chicken wings (right crunch and complexity).However, one swallow does not a summer make as you can barely distinguish the taste of most dishes in a blind taste test.  Including any one featuring chicken (least expensive of the protein options on the menu) or most dishes stylistically described under hot sauce, dry pot, dry fry, garlic sauce, double cooked styles or listed under the Shifu Special (having tried 15+ items on their menu across 3 different settings!)The crowds waiting outside the restaurant are large enough to guarantee Han investor funding necessary to build his 100 location empire. But, I'm only interested in the art and have no aspirations of joining the shark tank... nor any reluctance in telling Han: I'm out.
I was pretty skeptical when I first walked into the door - 90% of their clientele was non-Asian. This is typically a warning sign for me when it comes to Asian restaurants in the city. Luckily, my boyfriend was persistent in trying this location.The price for Chinese food in the city is usually much higher than in the outer boroughs, but for once the quality matches.Most of the dishes are about the same price (or a little higher) than a General Tso's at your neighborhood Chinese joint, but...the food here is x10 better. HOWEVER, do not enter under the impression that is is authentic Chinese or Szechuan food.Regardless of its authenticity, the food is delicious. Dan Dan noodles were good, but the real show stealer was the Dumplings in Spicy Oil. I could literally just eat a bowl of white rice with the sauce drizzled over it. The daily vegetable (I forgot what it was called) was delicious too! Perhaps because the appetizers were so good I was a disappointed with the entrees (ordered the cumin beef and the spicy fish stew) - they're not bad by any means, but they didn't wow like the other dishes. Its OK though - next time I go, it'll be all appetizers for me!
My son wanted "good Chinese food" while we were in New York.  Han Dynasty didn't disappoint.  The reviews on Yelp got us there and lived up.  The Kung Pao Chicken, Lo Mein and dumpling in Chili oil, you can't go wrong.
Absolutely awesome. Came here once for a date - he didn't pan out but my love affair w this restaurant did. Fast fwd 3 months later, I booked a tasting menu for a fri night. Did this about 3 wks in advance (just bc that's how our calendars worked) for an initial party of 15, which turned into 19. We spanned across two tables. The staff was so accommodating in letting me create my own menu that satisfied the vegetarians and the pescatarians. Ordered: Dan Dan noodles, eggplant, bok Choy, dumplings in chile sauce, cumin lamb*, scallion pancake, chicken wing*, pea leaves*, spicy crispy cucumber*, ginger duck*, dry pot fish*, and crispy rice chicken*. Came out to 25$ per person, not including drinks. Starred are the recos!
all i'm gonna say is : TRY THEIR DAN DAN MIEN its delicious !1111!!!1!! just a bit crowded..
Being an outer borough Chinese food snob, I'm already disinclined to like Handy Nasty. But, it plays an important role in the non-Chinatown (either one) Szechuan world in NYC, and the large crowds on a regular basis can attest to that. There is almost always a wait, but if you go with one or two friends, the bar is an easy option. On my most recent visit, there was a very stylish couple waiting for a table with a disgruntled female half angrily growling about the 45 minute wait. The bar was empty. My party of three was seated immediately. She glowered, she scowled, and 5 minutes later, they were seated at the bar next to us. Sorry to lower yourselves to bar seating, stylish couple, but c'mon; be in the know.Dumplings with chili oil - I've been spoiled forever for chili oil dumplings by White Bear and Biang!, who have the superlative versions of these items, but Handy Nasty at the least does not disappoint, and at the most, serves the best you can get in the East Village. Actually, that critique goes for almost every item they serve.Cumin Lamb - Fu Ran is the champ here. However, Handy Nasty actually does a very admirable job here of keeping the lamb floral, spicy, and not overwhelming.Double Cooked Pork Belly - this is probably the go to order for people who are afraid of a spicy Handy Nasty experience, but...why are you going there, then? Just the right amount of crispiness, not too fatty, just unctuous enough. Dan Dan Noodles and Mapo Tofu - these are why you go to Handy Nasty. They are about as good as you'll get in Manhattan. Must orders for any visit. Either/or. Get them.So listen - go here after a movie in the East Village, or before a heavy drinking experience, if you're too scared to venture out to Flushing or to Little Pepper in College Point. It's the best spot to experience an introduction to contemporary Szechuan food in NYC. And if your screaming butthole experience the next morning doesn't turn you off to future Szechuan, then you know you're ready for the real thing out in the boroughs.
So I was really excited when I found out that this existed in New York. I've only had the one in Philly. My expectations were crushed when I saw that the ambience was not similar to the one I've been to. It's much smaller (which is totally understandable since this is New York City). So for a bit, I did think that maybe this wasn't part of the same chain. However, the waiters were wearing the same (10) shirt as the one in Philly.The way you order the food is the same. You order a type of sauce and then the type of meat you want for the sauce. We got the hot sauce style fish and the cumin style beef. The hot sauce style is amazing - tastes like actual Sichuan food. The spices used is so flavorful rather than just spicy. The cumin in the beef was amazing as well in how it blended with the other flavors.The only downside is the space and service. It took a long time and some aggressive waving to get someone to take our order. But other than that, the food is phenomenal.
As solid a five star place as you can find... At least in terms of food. Service was a touch spotty, but damn the food was good. Came here with a group of eight and we ordered a whole less of stuff. Normally, I'd list everything we had, but we ordered so ridiculously much I can't remember it all. Some highlights though:Wontons in chili - light wontons in a nice chili sauce. Wings with peppers - the wings were good, but what really knocked me out here were the roasted chilis. They take their dried peppers and roast them to give them a good char, which makes them way more edible. I could stop eating them. Spicy cucumber - this was a surprising dish... The sauces these are in is more of a sweet chili, but pretty tasty. Beef and tripe in chili oil - the tripe: awesome. Tender and delicious. The beef: little tough. Shame. This had the makings of a truly awesome dish. Pork belly in garlic sauce - the pork here was on par with the tripe and everything I hoped the beef would have been. Similar flavor profile. Dan dan noodles - this is the dish. Amazing noodles, in a chili sauce with minced meat, and you guessed it, chili oil! This is a must get. Cumin lamb - thin sliced lamb with a nice cumin flavor. Worth getting. One fried fish dish, forget which - the fish was amazing here. Super crispy and delicious. Make it a point to get a dish with the fried fish. We all left completely stuffed, and with a ton of left overs. Total came to maybe $60 a person, with way more food than we could eat, booze, tax, tip. This place is absolutely worth a good, but I do recommend coming in a group so you can try more dishes.
Hands down, this is one of the best sechuan restaurants I have ever been to. There are no words to describe how amazing the infamous Dan Dan Noodles, Dry Pepper Chicken, and Cabbage with Dry Peppers tastes. The only complaint I have is the crowdedness and slow service. I've only come here for dinner, but I've had to sit at the bar with my friend everytime I came. Other than that, big fan!
The Dan Dan Noodles is what should be ordered here.  I had a lunch waiting for the Tribeca Film Festival.  The Kung Pao chicken was a little sweet for my taste, and of a microscopic proportion.  The prices are wonderful, but do not come here if you are very hungry.  The staff was friendly and helpful but this place is not very authentic in my opinion.
Best place to eat Chinese in the city. Best Dan-dan noodles I ever had. Garlic style sauce is my favourite.The place can get quite busy during weekends and one might have to wait a bit longer.Good service and not too costly.
Yummy! The restaurant that got me into szechuan food. This location is smaller than the upper west so it often gets crowded during prime dining hours for lunch and dinner so I'd advise you come early to offset the wait time. Or if you are planning to go with a big group you can reserve a table. Usually I go here with a big group so we can order a ton of dishes to share but I've also had their lunch time specials which are nicely portioned.What I like from here: dan dan noodles, wontons in chili sauce, cucumbers in chili sauce, crispy dry pepper chicken, double fried pork belly, red pepper chicken wings -- see a pattern here? they do crispy chicken right
I'm a little biased since I spent the bulk of my life in Philadelphia and a solid four years in college only a stone's throw away from the original Han Dynasty. After moving to NYC over a year ago, I have yet to find a Sichuan restaurant that could wipe away the nostalgia over Han Dynasty... Until, lo and behold, owner Han Chiang decided to open up a location just a few steps away from Union Square. The restaurant isn't as spacious as the University City location, but can hold upwards of 30 guests at a time. There's a solid bar area and a scattering of tables and chairs, most of which can be rearranged to accommodate parties of various sizes. Even in the first week or so of opening, the restaurant was fairly busy, drawing in plenty of after work professionals and NYU students. We were promptly seated and given tea and water as well as menus to peruse, and our server was helpful in explaining some of the logistics of the food, which is served as it's ready.The Dan Dan Mian is the signature dish here, and for good reason. It's by no means authentic, but you can't argue with its tastiness; the noodles are cooked to a perfectly chewy texture and are smothered in a slightly spicy and slightly sweet sauce that blends the chili sauce and peanut flavor beautifully. The serving of ground pork is a little skimpy, but as an appetizer or even entree, the portion of noodles is pretty generous. The fuqi feipian (beef and tripe in chili oil) is one of the more authentic appetizers, and Han Dynasty's rendition is satisfactory. While the tripe and beef could be sliced more thinly, the additional layering of chili oil and cilantro guarantees a pleasant "ma la" (numbingly spicy) sensation. I'm also partial to the Chicken Wings, which are fried and served with a generous helping of Sichuan peppercorns. The wings are tender and juicy on the interior, and it's sure to leave your lips tingling afterwards.I'll have to admit that the entrées fall a bit short in comparison to the appetizers, but it's hard to go wrong with the Twice Cooked Pork Belly. The meat is cooked perfectly and unlike most other places, you won't find tough, overcooked slices of pork. They're generous with the protein as well so that the sliced leeks play second fiddle to the protein. The Three Cup Chicken (San Bei Ji) is noticeably "Americanized", made much milder and sweeter than its original version and with a somewhat out-of-place addition of basil leaves. The strongest dishes here are made "Hot Sauce" style, which gives diners the choice of protein to be cooked in a savory and spicy chili oil broth.There's little else I can say about this place, except that I'm very grateful they decided to come to NYC. The food is delicious and reasonably priced, service is efficient and friendly, and it's an excellent place to return to again and again.
Very crowded on a Sunday night. Had scallion pancakes which were excellent and light not doughy (actually best I ever had although my wife felt they were a little greasy). Won tons in sesame oil which were average and then chicken in pot that I enjoyed a lot, and my wife had chicken with black bean sauce which she said was the chewy chicken type and my daughter had chicken with garlic sauce. Both stated they would not come back. I would but eould first explore the other 1000 oriental restaurants in NYC.
In 2010, I was going to school in Philly and my roommate and I ate at the original location in a quiet and relatively empty restaurant. How impressive it has been to see where this franchise is 5 years later.It can become hard to taste the difference among various Szechuan restaurants, especially after your tongue starts to numb. As a result, I strongly advocate getting the eggplant to mix it up; you'll be surprised at how sweet it tastes which to this day I'm still not sure if it is the actual eggplant or the quick and dramatic shift in flavors. Most of the other dishes are done right and while there are other places in the city that compare, I give my 5 star stamp of approval because of the dan dan noodles.Handy Nasty is one of the first restaurants I really made a connection with. When the Philly location was a BYO, we once ended up being the last guests for the night. We shared the rest of our wine with Mr Han, taste tested a speck of ghost pepper, and played some mario kart wii (or was it WoW I can't remember). I normally try to go around 6 to beat the long lines but if you get caught regardless, there are plenty of bars or a best buy up the street to wait and let your mouth water in anticipation.
I tried the Dan dan noodles at their Philly restaurant during the first yr of the Made in America tour and I fell in love.  When a girlfriend told me they opened in Nyc, I had to see it then my own two eyes, and then with my own mouth.I had the Dan Dan noodles - SPICY and they were as amazing as I remembered, if not better.  One of the friends, she shall remain nameless Bc she may read this, is a big time weenie when it comes to spice so she had a no spice/mild version.  I Tried it, AND ehhhhhh... I felt bad for her.  Another hit were the cucumbers!  So refreshing and crisp.   We enjoyed our Saturday dinner so much, we returned for Tuesday lunch before our flight back to cali.I love you han dynasty. Please come to southern California.
Dined in here twice and left both times super satisfied.  The first time was a reservation so we got seated promptly, the second time was a walk in and was about an 1.5 hour wait which turned into 1 hour wait.  Everything I or anyone who I was with tried here was really good (dry pepper style, garlic sauce style, kung pao style, chicken, tofu, and beef).  Also get the dan dan noodles to start.  They have a pretty decent drink selection as well.
AUTHENTIC SZECHUAN and BEST SZECHUAN in NEW YORK CITY (Not comparing with Flushing).Every dish I order I am very Satisfied and FLAMING good!.From Pork Belly on Chilly Oil (Or Chicken which is good too).To Wontons in Chilly oil OR Spicy Crispy CucumberTo Dan Dan NoodleTo Any Dish with CuminTo Three cup chickenTo Hot Sauce Style Fish.I love every dish they have here.... I usually bring at least  a group of 4 - 10  people and we each do family style dishes.If you don't eat Spicy food, Don't come here.Food Comes pretty quick.Expect long waiting (it's worth it).Expect good food (it's worth it).Expect Spiciness (it's SOOOO worth it).
Finally found a place that has REAL spicy food. I'm sick of the million Japanese restaurants in the area. This place is different and if you like Spice this is the place to goto!
Kick ass legit Chinese food. Laid-back, reasonably priced, and totally authentic. We sat at the bar and watched football on the one flat screen TV that they have. Loved the experience!
Came here on Friday around 8pm and there was still a line but we didn't wait for too long. We had dan dan noodle, spicy pork belly (appetizer) and spicy sauce fish. Having tried many of the szuchuan spicy restaurants, I must say this place wasn't as authentic as I thought it'd be. The food was good but not as spicy which I believe szuchuan food stands for its spiciness. So if you're a foodie but cannot stand spicy food, I think you will enjoy this "modified" version of szuchuan delight.
Spicy and yummy. Crowded and loud. Distracted servers due to huge carry out business with average of ten delivery bike guys hovering at the bar to pick up orders. Dumplings were good but not as spicy as I expected.
You know what to get there, Dan Dan noodles are fantastic. I added more hot sauce, but my wife said they were plenty hot. The scallion pancake was decent. The won tons in chilli oil were quite good. I would have skipped the chicken with garlic sauce, it was okay but not crazy. We sat at the bar, and the service was okay. Had to ask for water a few times. The place does a brisk take out/delivery service which seems to stress the staff....
The beef noodles and spicy dumplings are the best in NYC.
TL;DR: we were quoted a 25 min wait that ended up being over an hour, with another 15 min wait after we got a confirmation text. Food was decent but not the most flavorful for vegetarians. I came with friends on a Friday night and it was ridiculously packed. The wait was so long and we put our name down and came back when they texted us our table was ready, but then it wasn't and we stood around for forever before finally being seated. We ordered the vegetarian Mapo tofu, Dan Dan noodles and my friends got a spicy chicken dish.Mapo tofu: 3/5. The vegetarian version lacked flavor - which is really too bad, bc the vegetarian tofu from NYT recipe is very flavorful, showing that vegetarian Mapo tofu doesn't have to be flavorless. There just wasn't much depth to the spiciness.Dan dan noodles: 3/5. Also very heavy on peanut without the meat to balance it out. I think the problem is that Han Dynasty doesn't adjust their recipe to be meatless by adjusting ratios of spices, adding complementary veggies, etc. Instead, they just take out the meat, which means the overall flavor is skewed.Overall, the wait was too long and the food was too meh to come back.
This is American-style Chinese food, which means it was sal-taaayyy. Is it what I consider good authentic Chinese food? Not precisely (hard to compete with mom's cooking), but it was delish, and it IS good American-style Chinese food. (Those college-night-drunken-greasy-american-chinese-takeout boxes probably can't compete. and if they can, you need to tell me where you order take-out from kthanksbye.)This location is pretty crowded, small space, rather loud, packed. FYI. Probably don't do what we did, which was have a group of 7... groups of 2-4 are better.Details: party of 7 @ 730pm. we got the tasting menu, $30. Including the appetizers, that was over 13 dishes. Really great value because it was delicious, had lots of variety, and resulted in yummy leftovers. If you have a group of extremely hungry people, go with the tasting menu, and specify your spiciness level to the waiter.Appetizers: The dan-dan noodles. you must eat the noodles. The classic scallion pancake, some other dishes like sliced beef and spicy cucumber (don't knock it 'til you've tried it). Wontons. Dumplings. There was also chicken wings, which...was meh, in comparison to everything else. Do not waste valuable stomach real estate on the chicken wings. Save it for the Dan Dan noodles.Dishes: Standouts include cumin lamb. Dry pepper chicken. So. Much. There was every kind of meat...pork, lamb, beef, chicken, in various forms. and fish. Fried battered shrimp which was meh.Verdict: Would come here again, particularly if I had friends in town who liked American Chinese food. If your group is really hungry and can take leftovers home, consider the tasting menu.
Came here on a Tuesday around 6PM and got seated immediately. The restaurant started filling up throughout our meal. Must haves: Cucumbers and Dan Dan NoodlesWe also ordered the hot sauce style chicken (I enjoy spicy food and thought we could've gone spicier even though it was a level 7) and Mapo Tofu.The cucumbers had a layer of sweetness unlike other types I've had - it was a nice freshness to balance out the heartiness of the rest of the dishes. I couldn't stop smiling after my first bite of the Dan Dan Noodles. I'm coming back just for that.
This place is really good for its noodles. I ordered the braised beef noodle soup and it tasted amazing. If you aren't into spicy food, I'd really recommend it because the beef was perfectly tender, the broth was very flavorful and the noodles were thick and hearty. The flavor was really good and there were some greens to balance out the meat flavoring. The service was really good especially since I arrived with a big group of about 9 people. There is a big table in the back perfect for larger groups but it's advised that you make a reservation just to make sure you can eat.
The food is disappointing.Han Dynasty origins in Philadelphia, with perfect authentic Sichuan food, cooked with authentic pepper and spice. It's the real Chinese food.This one, HOWEVER, totally Americanized. I order the same thing that was on Philadelphia menu, but when I saw the dish, I totally didn't recognize it. I don't know what it is, it's chicken in chili oil but I am sure Sichuan people will find it humiliating how they call THAT chicken in chili oil. I can and have cooked better than that. The sauce tastes cheap and poorly made. #NotMyChineseFood. I started doubting that I walked into a American Chinese food chain. Looking at those food that they call "Chinese" I started doubting if I were real Chinese myself. The soup was full of artificial spice wei jing as well. Very disappointed. Totally failed my expectation. 照片是口水鸡 我没拌过 上来就长这样 谁家口水鸡长这样？
TOO loud. It's a restaurant not a club. It's not the music that gets me here. I don't recommend The 水煮鱼, or hot sauce style fish. It's not authentic at all. The dry pot style is pretty good. Dry pepper style yummy too.
Just had dinner at Han Dynasty. I think for the most part everything we had was pretty good. The miso soup was really good, but it is huge FYI. Remember to order rice with your meal because it does not come with most of the dishes. We waited like 10 minutes for a table for 4.
Surprisingly authentic Chinese food for a place with such a gaudy sign. My friend and I stopped by on a whim on Friday night, and at 6:30PM they were already packed. Thankfully, there were two open spots at the bar that we happily accepted because we just wanted to eat and get out of there! We were pleased to find that a large majority of the patrons were Asian. That always bodes well for a restaurant serving Asian cuisine. We ordered the scallion pancake appetizer and dry pepper fish to share. Both were excellent options, and my friend kept raving about how the dry pepper fish really hit the spot! The fish (cod) was battered, deep fried, and tossed in a red pepper rub. It was fresh out of the deep fryer and super yummy, but also insanely spicy!! I don't know how we managed to finish the entire plate without having to ask for an additional bowl of rice. Don't get me wrong though, it was extremely satisfying! We decided if we ever returned, we should come back with a larger group so that we could try more of the entrees, which - upon a quick purview of the dining room - all decently sized. Since we were seated at the bar, the service was really quick. The bartender/cashier assisted in clearing our portion of the bar and processed our credit card quickly. I definitely wouldn't mind having a meal for one at the bar one of these days! See you next time, Han Dynasty!
I'm not ashamed to admit that I've eaten Han twice in two days before. I am completely addicted to their Dry Pepper Tofu. The tofu is cooked to crispy perfection and the dish is at the perfect spice level. I've also tried their Cumin Chicken and their Pea Leaves with Garlic before, both of which were amazing. The Eggplant with Garlic Sauce was decent, but much more mild when compared to the other dishes. If I could eat Han every day, I would! The wait is usually pretty long, but worth it.
Szechuan is definitely not a Miami speciality, so I was eager to get some during my visit to NYC. I arrived with a group of six on a Thursday night and we were told there was about a 30 minute wait. My friend lives nearby, so we headed to her place while we waited for a text from the restaurant. It took longer than 30 minutes to be called back, but it is what it is... They only take reservations for parties of 8 or more (for which they also do a tasting menu for $25 per person which seems like a great deal). We immediately got to ordering once seated. I trusted my friends that had been here before and they opted for a couple orders of:- Dumplings in Chili Oil - Dan Dan Noodle - Dry Pepper Chicken - String Beans w/ Minced Pork What can I say... It was all SO GOOD. The Dan Dan Noodles were definitely my favorite, but the dry pepper chicken packed a perfect and addicting punch. I would have never ordered the string beans on my own but DO IT and thank me later. They rate the dishes on a spice scale from 1-10 and can adapt accordingly. I prefer spicy so was in heaven, but be warned, Han Dynasty can bring the heat!The food came flying out fast which was welcomed since we waited for awhile. All in all, the bill totaled to about $15 a person and we were stuffed! Service was good. I never had to ask for my water to be refilled which is always a plus.It seems like this spot is popular for group dinners. While they serve beer and wine, it seemed like a lot of tables had their own bottles of wine, so maybe call and ask about the BYOB policy.
Classic chinese place with spicy and non spicy options. Open late on weekends! Dan dan noodles and 3 cup chicken are both pretty solid. Prices a little high for not that much food
Busy Chinese spot. Came here during a summer food festival and it was sweltering hot out. I happened to just have finished my classes at Midtown and was seriously craving for mean mean mean carbs. Imagine that combination! Of course I had chicken stir fried rice noodles and yummy dishes kept on passing by me as I was seated at the quaint bar. I had to order again but I was getting full! Anyway, I ordered stir fried shrimp rice noodles. Boy was it delish but i was only able to take a couple of spoonfulls coz I was so full. I had it to go! No problemo. Hahaha would love to bring friends here for the group dishes
One of my favorite restaurants in all of NYC! It's very busy but worth the wait!Must try the Dan Dan Noodles and the Dry Pot Style!
Overall, the food was decent but the initial serviced sucked. I understand it's busy but when a table is ready, you're supposed to receive a text from them. When we went to check on our table, she deleted our name off the list and we didn't even get a text. What???Moving onto food... My friend and I had the Dan Dan Noodles, Beef Tendon in Chili Oil and Spicy Dry Pot with Fish. This was definitely enough food between two people. Our favorite was the dan dan noodles, which had an amazing peanut chili oil sauce. Really good proportion to share between two people. The Spicy Dry Pot was not the best. It was very salty and was not a level 10 spice at all, as described on the menu. In fact, probably just a 5 level spicy... There were only a few pieces of lotus root and mushrooms with fried fish filet. The Beef tendon in chili oil was perfect, their chili oil had a distinct flavor and we loved it. Although I left satisfied with my meal, later that night my stomach was not satisfied at all and everything came out the opposite way it went in. It was horrible. Not sure if I'll be back..
Owner is rude. He treated the delivery people so disrespectfully. I felt sorry for them as he belittled them. Terrible. I'll take my business elsewhere.
So what if it's trendy, the lines long on weekend evenings, and filled with hipster/foodies prepared to instagram the night away? Han Dynasty serves up consistently delicious Sichuan fare. Dan dan noodles to start are a must. The wait staff mix the fresh noodles and creamy, spicy sauce tableside. The menu designates this as one of the medium-spicy options, but my husband - normally spice-sensitive - packs these noodles away like spaghetti and red sauce. Portions are large enough to share with 3-4 friends.My personal favorite is the mapo tofu, which comes with smooth cubes of creamy tofu in a peppery red chili oil, flecked with flavorful bits of ground pork. I always have leftovers to take home, and the spicy flavors only improve overnight. A great place for a fun night out, or to grab and go.
Not for Chinese! I am very very disappointed about the service. And the dishes are just so so. I will never come again.
It's not easy for a Szechuan/Sichuan restaurants to stand out and franchise in a city with so many of them.But Han Dynasty found a pretty good recipe so bravo.Many of their dishes are very good, authentic, and delicious. And spicy. But it wasn't perfect.1. The music was playing a little unnecessarily loudly at the location the night I was there;2. The dry pot style was a little meh;3. The crispy rice style, fish, was a little too sweet.Overall though the food was great.
This is going to be my default policy. If you charge me 20% automatic gratuity at the end without letting me know beforehand, I'll give you 2 stars on yelp. Sorry not sorry.I've been a long time costumer of Han Dynasty all the way since their early days in Philadelphia suburbs. I'm a huge fan of their hot sauce style fish and dan dan noodles. But I see the quality isn't the same as it used to be. It feels like every other generic Chinese restaurant. Lost its authenticity. Please bring it back!
Han Dynasty has delicious Chinese food perfect for eating family style. Consequently, I recommend going here with friends. The Dan Dan Mien is savoury as are the minced pork string beans. The Kung Pao chicken is a bit too salty for my taste, but it has great spicy flavours. The spicy oil wantons and scallion pancakes are excellent. The scallion pancakes are thin and crispy. I thoroughly enjoyed dining at this restaurant. I definitely recommend it!
Planned a group dinner at Han Dynasty for 8 and already want to go back.  We for the table shared fried dumplings and veggie spring rolls both were what to expect.  Then I split the chicken with crispy rice and dan dan noodles with a friend.  After seeing everyone recommend the dan dan noodles I realized what all the hype was about.  While they were pretty spicy they were addictive and incredible.  Why I want to go back so soon though is because the dishes around me looked incredible.  The vegetable dishes and dumplings in chili both smelt and looked delicious.
Dan Dan noodles - that's what you want to order alongside any protein of your choice. The hot tea they give is mediocre, get a drink or just stick with the water. Service is above average for a Chinese restaurant in this price bracket. It's popular so make reservations especially in the evening times. The only downside to this place is it seems their one and only speciality is the noodles everything else is a tad lacklustre.
Came here on a weeknight with a party of just two and didn't have to wait at all. It was pretty packed for a random weeknight. The service is pretty on point and we didnt wait that long at all for our food. Immediately, they brought out tea and water without even having to be asked, which I thought was amazing. We got the dried string beans, dry pot with lamb and spicy chicken. It was all pretty good especially the chicken, but the string beans was a bit lacking in flavor and too dry. I've tried sichuan food at many, many places before and this is definitely up there on the list. While the food was good, I've had better versions of the dishes I've tried at other places. Still, it is a nice spot to get some yummy sichuan food!
Han Dynasty,As a boy, I was afraid of three things - girls, the dark, and spicy food. Now, as a grown ass man, two of those things no longer scare me. Union Square has always been one of my favorite spots. Naturally, I had to try out this new joint that had opened up. I'm also a fiend for Sichuan style food. Here's what we ordered:Dan Dan Noodles - The first dish that I try at any Sichuan style restaurant. If it sucks, I proceed to snort loudly and walk out immediately. No questions asked. No snorts, no complaints, all bliss. The mince pork had an amazing aroma and the noodles were great in terms of texture. Like I've said before, mainlanders would say they were very Q tasting! Chili oil and the sauce would have the sauce boss pleased. Good stuff!Beef and Tripe in Chili Oil - Thinly sliced beef, tripe from a cow that took great care of its digestive track, and chili oil with the spiciness of a thousand suns. A true holy trinity. Give me this dish and a bowl of rice and I will be satisfied. Spicy Cucumbers - This is the Bill de Blasio of Chinese dishes. Humble, working-class, but sometimes gets dressed up and acts fancy. The people's dish. Cucumbers had great crunch to them, which is something that a lot of restaurants fail to ensure. Little known fact, 'crisping' cucumbers is actually pretty time consuming. Kudos to you for taking the time. Chili Oil Dumplings - Hopefully by now you've realized that they pretty much just ladle a spoonful of chili oil on everything. I was washing my hands and instead of soap, chili oil came out. Tried to get a towel to wipe it off and the towel was actually chili oil. I looked in the mirror and I was just chili oil. What have I become....? I digress....dumplings were pretty standard, probably machine made or pre-frozen. You wouldn't miss much if you didn't order this dish, also why i felt the need to compensate with an existential crisis I recently had.Dry Pot Style Chicken - Very very ma la/numbing. Reminds me of those big ass pots of random stuff that you see in Chinese food courts. I wanted to try the Dry Pepper style but the girlfriend insisted on this. It starts off pretty average, but eventually the variety in the pot grows on you. Great meal, great price, and great location. The traditionalists might kill me but I'd suggest they start serving glasses of milk to help customers combat the spiciness. They could charge something ridiculous like 4.50 for a glass of 'Han Dynasty Special Anti-Spiciness Milk' and I'm sure suckers in the HEAT of the moment would buy it. Get it? HEAT of the moment?Definitely will come back and try the dry pepper chicken, boiled beef, and scallion pancakes next time.
I'm not big on spicy foods but Han Dynasty is a really good place. Their dishes are rated on level on spicyness. I've ordered dishes up to about level 6. If you come here, you should definitely get the Dan Dan noodles.You can have them adjust the spicy level to your liking if you wish. They also constantly give you refills of white rice to offset the spicy entrees. Service is pretty good. They're very friendly and very efficient. Good place to come for both spicy and non-spicy eaters, and also for medium sized groups.
The Americanization of Chinese food know no bounds. It's taken traditional and bold Szechuan style cuisine and turned it into an mild shell of itself, like a Szechuan version of P.F. Chang's. They take a popular cuisine and package it up to make a friendly looking restaurant, a tried and true strategy.Szechuan food is world renown for their take on Chinese food, adding strong heat and bold flavors, but Han Dynasty lacks these features that one would come to expect from Szechuan food. More likely than not to appeal to the American or indifferent crowds. The food tries to take on the Americanization of Szechuan cuisine, but completely masks what makes Szechuan cuisine unique. As a extremely spice sensitive person, I came in fearful, and left only slightly challenged by a cuisine famous for its spiciness. My more heat capable companions were underwhelmed at the sheer lack of heat.The highlight of the meal was the Dan Dan Noodles. By far the best thing, and it seems many other reviewers agree. It is an impressive dish, containing a fair amount of a slow burning heat, but a delicious flavor, and by consensus the best tasting thing we ordered. A delicious combination spiciness, pickled vegetables, meat and a tasty peanut sauce mixed together gives it a subtlety and variety that many of the other dishes we ordered lacked.The rest of the meal when downhill from there. $5 for one scallion pancake that looked like it came premade from frozen packages you can get from a Chinese grocery store. Kung Pao Chicken with more breading than chicken and with so much sugar it tasted more sweet than spicy. It is comically worse than most cheap Sesame Chicken dishes that cost half the price and don't have the pretensions of high end Chinese cuisine. If I wanted cheap Chinese cuisine, I sure wouldn't be paying this much for it. The Scallion Style Pork was alright, looked good, and had tender pork, but flavors seemed dominated MSG. But if you're a fan of scallions (like me), its not a bad dish, just perhaps not worth the price.All in all, a so-so place. Fantastic Dan Dan Noodles coupled with mediocre Americanized Szechuan cuisine. Just another Americanized Chinese food restaurant wrapped into a neat package to attract customers. The place tries to be as inoffensive to the American palate as possible, mitigating much of the heat and bold flavors of Szechuan food with too much sugar. It would be a good cheap Chinese place if it was... you know, actually cheap. Except it isn't, so it's just satisfactory.
I was seriously dying for some Dan Dan noodles and crisp cucumbers today. I usually make time to come into Han Dynasty at least 3 times a month in order to fulfill my craving. The Dan Dan noodles had the perfect amount of chopped meat and spice; it was so flavorful ... Next time i will make it a point to order the pepper chicken i have heard so much about.
Amazing food! But if you can't  eat spicy food like me, don't go past level 3 spice . The service is a little slow but then the restaurant was really full and slow service leads me to believe that they are cooking fresh.
This has to be one of the best Chinese restaurants I have been to in NYC. To start we had the Dan Dan noodles. Wow those were really tasty! Next my table shared an eggplant dish, a tofu dish and a dry rub spicy chicken dish. It was all really good. Patience is required at this restaurant. They don't take reservations for small groups, so be prepared to wait.
The funny thing about 四川 food is that as long as they are spicy, many would claim that they are authentic. That goes for people with *partial* authority like Asian American and those with *more* authority like Asian Asians who probably are happy enough to have something *kinda* authentic (read: spicy).So, they are not the most authentic, but, at least in my opinion, treating authenticity as the single most important factor just because a restaurant has an ethnic label is a little racist and mostly weird.If you think about it, most things on earth now don't have full authenticity if you are comparing them to how they were first made (which could be very very very long ago). What happens is that foods, like everything else, change over time (mostly) for the better. This place serves tasty and delicious food, and that is what I personally care about most. I would give a restaurant points for authenticity if it abates my homesickness, but I would also not deny a restaurant full scores for not having full authenticity. This place gets my five stars for serving good food.
Han Dynasty serves pretty authentic Sichaunese food. I am not too sure if it is worth all the hype, however, considering the abundance of delicious and cheaper Sichuanese restaurants in New York City. The Dan Dan Noodles, Chili Sauce Beef were delicious and super spicy. They also come with free rice, so that's a plus! Oh by the way, the service was pretty impeccable!
I really like the reviews and visited them totally based on positive Yelp reviews. I would definitely give them a 4.5 Star is I could. I went by myself and therefore did not have a the opportunity to try beyond 2 dishes. First I had the Dan Dan Noodles (veg). The noodles was very good, cooked right with the right amount of base sauce and correct spice, however there was something that was missing from the taste to give it a 5 Star. Here are the reasons1. The dan Dan noodles is a classic Szechuan dish that always has the signature pepper corn in it, that makes your mouth tingle ( Try it in Yuliung Ye, you will know what I am taking about), natives to Szechuan region will understand (deduct half star)2. The Sauce was a little sour, it left a bit of a bad after taste, so its definitely way above the average you get in many Szechuan restaurants but not really Top Notch (deduct half star)The second dish was the Chilli tofu, Man this was beyond excellent, Its was fried crips, tasted awesome, the best I have every tasted anywhere in my life. Its a dish I would order it it were my last meal. I would go again and again to patronize this single dish.... Excellent hats off. I intent to take all my friends to experiences the awsome Chilli Tofu dish for sure. The service was very attentive and prompt, they were able to answer questions about each dish promptly and also clarify questions of contents etc, accurately. Water was filled on time and never too over bearing service, I was extremely happy and tipped well for the experience.
We went on a Saturday night and it was packed with a 40-minute wait.I'm from SoCal so most Chinese restaurants in the northeast seem terrible.  However, I have to admit that Han Dynasty was very good and worth the visit.The food was great.  It was flavorful, but not too flavorful.  It was well cooked and you could tell the meats and ingredients were fresh.The tables didn't seem to turn quickly (people seem to just sit around and sip tea a lot).  However, our table experienced very quick service.  They brought out the dishes as they were ready.  All dishes arrived withing 10-15 mins of ordering.The service was fine.  The server was attentive to all of his tables.The interior is standard for a Chinese restaurant; nothing special.
This is first time for me. I ordered Dan Dan noodle and dampling with chili oil. I don't want to come again. Taste is not good. There are a lot of better restaurant in NYC.
Sat at the bar as the wait for a table was about 30 mins. Started with dan dan mein which is chewy, spicy, delicious!  Cucumbers are addicting and a must!  I poured the sauce which is sweet salty and spicy all over everything!  Prob would of drank the rest as soup!  Long pepper beef was tender and even the green pepper were tasty. Cold mung beans noodles were a bit slippery but full of flavor. Pea leaves with garlic were perfect compliment to meal. Dry pepper chicken was perfectly crispy. Worth the wait and return!
I would say this place is a must go in NYC. Fulfill your spicy food craving with the chicken wings pepper style ... Wonton soup is so flavorful and all the dishes are amazing... Definitely a staple
I love everything about this restaurant.The food is delicious -- I haven't tried anything that didn't delight me -- plus the service is friendly and fast. They're very accommodating to vegetarians, so this is the rare place it's not a hassle to get dan dan noodles or mapo tofu without meat.Bonus points for our last visit, when our waiter didn't hear us say we wanted to take our copious leftovers home. He rescued most of our food before it was tossed but couldn't save the noodles, so he gave us an entire new order to go. I was impressed by how quickly he made right on a misunderstanding.I love the spicy crispy cucumbers, pea leaves with garlic are nice ... and if you aren't sure what to get, we've gotten great suggestions from our waiters.
With the twin pillars of the Dan Dan Noodles and Dry Pepper Wings, Han Dynasty is without doubt one seriously excellent spot for Szechuan food. But since some of the other dishes I had just kind of tasted like really good Chinese takeout, I wouldn't say Han is the end all be all for this type of food in this area.When it comes to mains my favorite styles by far are Dry Pot Style and Long Hot Pepper Style. In my humble opinion nether is really mouth-destroyingly spicy, but both pack a decent amount of heat. The three most beloved dishes here, and I agree they rule, are: 1) The Dan Dan Noodles 2) Wonton in Chili Oil and 3) Dry Pepper Wings.All of this food is pretty intensely greasy and heavy but the above dishes display some really masterful tastes that makes it worth it. Definitely come here at some point and brave the wait for this stuff.  However, beyond these dishes Han kind of fell flat for me. For instance, the Dry Pepper Style shrimp were nauseatingly greasy with a pretty tasteless breaded and deep fried shell over which was poured a kind of half-hearted and bland chili oil.  I didn't really dig the Three Cup Chicken either, which could have used A LOT more heat.So yeah, no real problems here. Definitely give this spot a try. Just please do not come here expecting hands down the best Szechuan, or even general Neo-Chinese fare in the city
A tiny space but just like its sister restaurant in Cherry Hill the food is awesome, probably the best Chinese food we have ever had - period. Very good value for the city but alcohol will drive the cost of the dinner up. Hundreds of other reviews for you to read here so I will not prattle on...
Best Szechuan style Chinese food you can get in Manhattan outside of Chinatown. The dan dan noodles are amazing and the meat entrees I've tried (though that means like 3 dishes) are fantastic. The host who sat us was super sweet and the server was always coming back to refill our waters and ask if we needed anything, but not at all intrusive as many service people can be. You will need a lot of water because the food here can be really spicy. I consider myself pretty immune to any sort of spice level but the ones that are marked spicy level 7 and above actually get quite hot. The last time I went, my friend and I ended up engaging in a long talk and sat in the table for around 10 minutes after our check came back but no one passive aggressively told us to leave like many restaurant employees do in the city. Also not to stereotype but Chinese restaurants that are cheap to mid-priced as this place is can seem pretty dirty/disorganized but this place feels very clean and inviting. Conclusively, I have always been happy with my experience here and the food is really something. 5 stars.
The food there is really tasty and their environment is nice too! Recommend for the spicy fish fillet!
I am so sad to say that this WAS my favorite Chinese restaurant when it first opened. I came here about 5 times before I went away to Asia for 3 months during Christmas. I was excited to return to this restaurant when I came back. Last week I came here only to found out my favorite Chinese restaurant now taste like a generic Chinese restaurant everywhere else but it is still above average. The spicy cucumber has so much sugar in it was chick like chewing on sand. Everything tasted sweet and all the sauces tasted the same. The chili oil is still delicious. But the quality of the food it's nowhere near from before. Very sad about this. Now I am on a search again for my favorite Chinese restaurant in the city.
i love this place. I always go every week for take outs. Dan2 noodles r so good & so r their beef n tripe. It's also so affordable. Staff r also great!
My first review of the New Year!  What a great way to kick it off!  Had dinner here tonight and it was exactly everything that I had hoped it would be!!!  The wait was about 45 minutes for 2 people around 8pm.  Not too awful, considering it's not a huge space.  We ordered the dan-dan noodles with pork, the wonton soup, the dumplings in chili oil, three-cup chicken, and garlic style shrimp.  Everything was delish and amazing.  The dan-dan noodles ARE EVERYTHING.  I seriously could eat them daily and never tire of them. Worth the wait... and worth the trip.  Can't wait to return!!!
I have put off writing a review for fear that I will simply stoke the fire that fuels the lines at Han Dynasty... but I must. It's so goddamn good.Must eat:(1) dry pot style with beef or tofu (seriously tofu is good)(2) spicy crispy cucumbers(3) wontons in chili oil(4) dan dan noodlesStick with the spicy/Szechuan style dishes and skip the blander fare like West Lake Soup (disappointing). I'm so hungry just thinking about this place.
A style of a Chinese restaurant, but I was surprised that they had a fantastic craft beer list they have. Very surprising and literally the quality draft and bottle list of a bar.The triple fried pork was spicy, but mild enough to be very edible and actually cooled the palate down from the spicier dish we had. The hot pot dish was quite spicy and I wish we almost had two servings of rice. A decent amount of meat, though watch out and avoid eating those chilis.The dishes are decently priced, though obviously not like Chinatown. Share two mains for two people.
This place is really cute and the food is priced well. My brother and I came here because he just got back and I was trying to be be nice and meet him for dinner. We shared the dumplings, spring rolls, and chicken lo mein. You get a lot of food so even if you do apps you'll be satisfied. I accidentally broke one of the lights in the restaurant as I am a tall guy and hit it with my head. They'll probably know it's me if they read this, but hey, they still had really good food despite my mishap.
When they say spicy, they mean spicy! Ow!Get the dan dan noodles with meat. Thick firm (and soft, might I add) noodles that you can slurp to indulge a mouthful of deliciousness. And don't forget the bits of grounded pork that's tossed in & chili oil! Oh hot damn.The three cup chicken balances out the spicy dishes. Chicken stir-fried & drowned in a sweet brown sauce that has a bit of a fruity fragrance. Great for any sweet tooth person at the table.The mapo tofu with minced pork is decent. The silky soft tofu is chopped into fine chunks & mixed with bits if minced pork and chili oil. To be honest, I was expecting a bit more minced meat. That's their only downfall.Great for a quick meal. And this food is legit. Yum.
I had a really great experience at Han Dynasty.My friends and I went there for the Chinese New Year. We were actually able to go at 6pm to request a table at 8pm for 7 of us, and they honored that timing. We hung out at a bar until we were hungry which was absolutely perfect. Upon being seated, we met a woman who we presumed to be an owner/manager type. An older Chinese woman, who was absolutely amazing. She spoke to us about Chinese New Year traditions and helped us pick what to order. We had 3 vegetarians out of the 7 of us and she was very helpful and put the minced pork in the Dan Dan noodles on the side so our vegetarian friends could eat them. I don't remember exactly, but I think we got Dan Dan noodles, sesame noodles, spring rolls, scallion pancakes, dumplings in chili oil, crispy cucumber, eggplant in garlic sauce, dry pot style fish (recommended by the woman as a traditional dish - insanely good), kung pao chicken and 2 tofu dishes. The food was delicious and everyone enjoyed everything immensely. Ultimately, this review is just 4 stars because I grew up going to and have continued to go to Flushing and Elmhurst almost every weekend for Chinese food, and this was not quite spicy enough for me (although my friends were basically dying), but for the experience, good food, and $30.00 a person price tag (with alcohol, tax and tip), this is a solid experience that I wholeheartedly recommend.
one of the best spicy Szechuan food place in town. we ordered dry pot style and hot sauce style both are a must try.
We ordered kung pao tofu and dan dan noodles and it took 2 hours for it to get delivered. The food was good. The tofu as really well dressed and fried and was really really delicious. The noodle were pretty normal.All i can say is don't get it delivered and go in person.
One of my favorite northern style Chinese spots here in the City.Before you eat Chinese in Manhattan, you first need to answers these 3 basic questions:1.  Are there Chinese cooks in the kitchen? Yes2.  Is the menu also in Chinese? Yes3.  Look around at the portion sizes, are they large? YesGet the dan dan noodles, dumplings in chili oil, the dried pepper chicken and the Chinese cabbage with pepper and you will be happy.  Plus, you'll get a kick from all the spices.  Beer selection is good too.
Reviews are based on two large takeout orders. Don't you love when you order and they give you 3-4 pairs of chopsticks when it's just for yourself? I like spicy but can handle tongue numbing spiciness is limited doses.Appetizers:- Wontons in chili oil. A classic dish. Very well made and flavored. Will order again.- Dry pepper chicken wings. It's a 9/10 on the spicy scale. You get a lot for the price, so better for a shared meal. It was ok. I won't be ordering this again unless I was with a big group.- Dan dan noodle. This is a classic dish and supposedly one of their most famous? I'm glad I ordered this over the cold sesame noodle. You get a hefty portion for takeout but make sure you mix it well! I would order this again. (June edit: These noodles taste amazing if you sear them on a hot pan to heat 'em up. Don't pour in too much liquid though.)- Chengdu Mung Bean Noodle. I love mung bean noodles. This was super spicy with the added flakes and oil. Too spicy for me without cleaning each noodle off. Def a good dish for sharing though. - Scallion pancake. I find it funny that it's listed under "kids/baby adults" on the takeout menu. It's a filler dish meaning it's good for a group, but it's not the best I've had.Entrees:- Three cup chicken. I love this dish. The chicken is in small bite size pieces and is slightly sweet. - Salt n pepper style shrimp. I prefer scallops but I doubt it would've been in the same quantity as shrimp. This is a dish better eaten hot. It loses its effect on the walk home and tasted slightly overcooked.- Shrimp or Taiwanese Sausage Fried Rice. It's not the best fried rice ever (My fave belongs to Rai Rai Ken), but it's pretty good and sizeable. However, the amount of sausage is pitiful. Once I added I think $4 for extra sausage and uhh I got the same or even less than normal amount. If you really like the Taiwanese sausage, splurge for the appetizer portion...Note:- Reservations are available for large parties only (I believe for 8-14 people for the round table in the back). - They don't always pick up their phone. It's probably because they're busy, so be persistent and call back. It's pretty annoying when I'm trying to place a pickup order and end up having to go there to place and wait for the order. - Delivery is available through trycaviar.com. They also have photos of the dishes they deliver on the website. Prices look different than HD's own menu and there is a $10 surcharge. I've never tried it. (June 2014 EDIT: I was sick and craving Han Dynasty. Ordered at 9:22PM on a Sunday. Got my order at 10. Everything was well packaged.)- Takeout orders typically take 20 minutes.- I've uploaded the takeout menu for those who prefer the Chinese/English translations. - They manage their tables and waitlist by iPad. If there's a wait, they take your number and call back.- There is bar seating.- Minimal room to wait inside.
If you're in the mood for some good Szechuan spice and don't want to deal with the line of Mission Chinese, just come here instead. My family is from this region so I grew up on the numbing spice of peppercorn and Han Dynasty does not disappoint. Dan Dan Noodles - this is a MUST TRY. It's one of the best Dan Dan noodles I've had in NY. It packs a nice punch in terms of spice and isn't overwhelmingly peanuty or sweet but instead nicely balancedBeef & Tripe in Chili Oil - pretty tasty and not a bad choice if you want something a bit different. I'm a fan of the slightly rubbery texture of tripe but might not be eveyone's cup of teaDry Pot with Fish - this was delicious. Great spice and flavors. Love the peppercorn. Fish is a good choice of protein since it soaks up a lot of the flavors and I love the tenderness in contrast to the other ingredients like the lotus rootDry Pepper Style with Chicken - This was probably my least favorite. It was good but I liked the dry pot with fish a lot better. The Dry Pot is more saucy and the Dry Pepper is more, well, dry (despite both having "Dry" in the names). If you're debating between the two, I'd say go with the Dry Pot. The Dry Pot also has more stuff going on b/c there are other veggies added in. I also prefer the fish to the chicken.
This is some of the best Szechuan I've had. The veggie dishes are light but very tasteful. Pea shoots with garlic, bok choi and black mushroom, tofu in garlic sauce and the cabbage and chili were all great. They were sold out of the mung noodles with black bean sauce. We will be back for sure.
I love it... Definitely I want to try to come again!!! Try the Dan Dan Noodles,mapo tofu with pork. Also Chili Oil.. try that.. you will love it
Yep, this place is awesome.Two of us went for dinner and were told there was a 35 minute wait, but that we would be alerted by text as soon as the table was ready. We walked out of the restaurant and were deciding what bar to go to for a quick drink, when my phone buzzed - it had been under 3 minutes and our table was already ready for us! I think this was just luck, but I'll take it!!The service was fast and efficient and we were immediately served water and a pot of hot tea. The beer selection was also surprisingly good and eclectic for a Chinese restaurant. The food, though, is what everyone really comes for. The dumplings in chili oil - the dan dan noodles - tofu in garlic sauce - and the three cup chicken were all well worth it. So fresh and delicious. Everything was outstanding and the portions were huge. I also LOVED (and greatly appreciated) that unlike other Chinese restaurants (cough cough Mission Chinese) we could 1) hear each other talk, 2) eat at a relaxed pace, and 3) be warned of spice level before ordering. The menu rates each dish on a 1-10 spice level which is extremely helpful. This is my new favorite Chinese restaurant and I will definitely be back (although I'm slightly disappointed that prices are higher for delivery!!).
It has to be a joke right?  Somewhere, someone is having a big ole laugh about the insane popularity of Handy Nasty.  There must have been some sort of bet.  One guy said "I bet I could name a place handy nasty and everyone would love it".  "No wayyyy" says the other guy.  And the bet was on.And well, I guess the first guy won.  Don't let the name stop you from eating here.  Perhaps the spicy levels are dumbed down a bit for the Manhattan crowd, but I don't mind... the quality of the food is pretty good.  We had:Cold noodles in chili oilBok Choy with black mushroomsDry pepper style chickenCrispy rice style shrimpAll dishes werereally good.  Now I don't feel like I have to trek all the way out to Flushing for the good stuff.  Be warned, it's a long wait.
1) 5 Stars for the DAN DAN NOODLES!! I'm drooling just from writing this review less than 12 hours later.Other:2) Wontons in chilli oil - Another hit at our table. The wontons are in a bowl of a delicious chilli oil that just melts in your mouth. 5 Stars3) Hot Sauce style chicken - Tender, juicy chicken, mushrooms, and veggies in a bowl of chilli oil, which is heated by charcoal. We thought the charcoal flavor was a little too strong on the chicken but overall great dish. 4 Stars4) Spring Rolls - Skip. Tastes like something you'd get at the mall. 2 StarsThree out of the four dishes we ate included the same (or at least very similar) delicious chilli oil. That's what kind of throws me off this place but I'll need to come back and try some more stuff. I definitely will be coming back for those Dan Dan noodles!
This is one of my new favorite restaurants in Manhattan. If you love spicy food, you need to come here! Coming at off-peak hours is the best way to get a table immediately. We arrived around 2:30 pm on a Saturday and didn't have to wait at all. Seating is a bit cramped, but nothing worse than expected. Service is friendly, and the tea we ordered was complimentary. It tasted like Lipton, but at least it was free!For food, we ordered the spicy crispy cucumber, the dan dan noodles, and the wontons in hot chili oil. This was actually too much food for two people- the portions are bigger than expected for the price. We paid less than $30 with tip for an extremely filling and satisfying meal. Everything was delicious, spicy but also super flavorful. My boyfriend loved the dan dan noodles, which came out immediately and were mixed right in front of us. The wontons were my favorite and are a must order. The cucumbers were still quite spicy but also cold and crisp.. perfectly refreshing in between bites of noodle and wonton. The only thing we regretted is not ordering a side of white rice to soak up some of the chili oil and cucumber sauce. But then we really would have been stuffed! I took about a third of our meal home, and I'm sure it will make excellent leftovers.We had a great experience here and will be sure to return.
Ok so where do I start....The DanDan noodles were basically perfect.. Enough said.The dried pepper style chicken was absolutely delicious and the best part was the fried outside was slightly dry which gave texture to the chicken and allowed it to become juicy if that makes sense.And oh fuck the fried dumplings! The freaking seasoning!Man honestly I'm leaving there now!8.4/10
I was looking for decent Chinese food in the Union Square area and based solely on the Yelp reviews, tried take out from Han Dynasty. I ordered the Dumplings in Chili oil, Dan Dan Noodles, Seafood Soup and Vegetable Fried Rice. I knew that "Szechuan" style is roughly translated into "Hot and Spicey," and the Dumplings and Noodles didn't disappoint. I really enjoyed the Dumplings. In addition to the Chili Oil, the dumplings were steamed and I tasted Sesame oil with Sesame seeds sprinkled on top. Decent quality meat with a very interesting combination of flavors. The Noodles were not as much to my liking. My biggest problem was the flecks of mystery meat that were kind of chewy and a tad greasy. One of the other reviewers mentioned that a vegetable version was available off menu and I would be interested in trying that dish. My favorite was the seafood/tofu Soup. Lots of fish and shrimp in a tasty broth. Very enjoyable. The rice was interesting. Not typical Chinese Fried Rice, but rather white rice sans the coloring and with a more simple flavor. Smelled like the homemade rice some of my Asian Coworkers bring into work at times. Probably similar to the difference between "Nana's Cooking" and the stuff you by at your run of the mill Italian place. I would definitely give it another try.
Went during lunch time with no wait, yay! They have lunch specials on the back of the menu with limited options, smaller portions, and cheaper prices. My friend and I ordered 3 dishes, the highly raved, dan dan noodles, double cooked style chicken, and triple fried pork. The dan dan noodles were sweet with lots of peanut flavor. The only main component missing was the "spiciness." Wasn't spicy at all!The double cooked style chicken was OK. Chicken was thin, flat pieces and good but that was all it was! The triple fried pork was a dish with small shriveled friedness. The pieces were so small and deep fried, you would forget there was meat in it. It was like really really deep fried noodles. Overall, the dishes were solid but I didn't find anything Szechuan about this Chinese restaurant. The usual Szechuan restaurants I go to have a sea of hot red oil everywhere, on almost every single dish. Dishes are actually tangly spicy. Han Dynasty had too many traditional Chinese dishes like three cup chicken that weren't necessarily Szechuan style and for this big reason, I have to knock a star. They seemed to try to please the East Villager's taste in Chinese food rather giving them the real stuff. Any way, if you want good Chinese food, this is definitely a good addition to the neighborhood.
I am obsessed with Han dynasty.  I've only been twice but both times the wait was much less than quoted.  The dan dan noodles are absolutely amazing and the dry pepper style chicken is SO GOOD.  Highly reccommend.
Review #301. First meal of 2014. Pretty darn pleased it was Han Dynasty.On my recent trip to NYC, my foodie friend said he'd bring me to HD. He's only been 15 or so times since Han opened in NYC. He's spent time there with Han himself and tasted most of the menu. The exact person i wanted to take me.First in queue! I wasn't going to let the tourists and non-hungover NYC'ers beat me on Jan 1 to a table. Once they unlocked the doors for us (and the line snaking behind us), we chose our table.The joint is pretty small so a queue is understandable. And it was very cold. the multiple requests for tea were finally heard and we began to warm up (note: complimentary).The food comes as it's ready which was good for us as we were famished. The numbers next to dish names are spicy level. Of course we ordered Dan Dan Noodles. My dining partner found it very spicy, I personally felt it more a 5 than an 8. (and that's my white taste buds) Would definitely order again. Let me also say, rather than throwing so much chili on the dishes you lose all taste, they actually cook the flavor in so it's a layer. I can't distinguish how the kitchen does it, but it's much more enjoyable to eat and taste.We ordered the Dry Pepper chicken as it's a fave of my friend. It was the dish we liked the least of all, but don't get me wrong, it was good but not as great as the rest. I really liked the Double Cooked Pork Belly if I ate around the pork belly (just didn't do it for me that day).  The pea leaves with garlic vegetable platter was so good I couldn't stop myself from devouring it.Four entrees for two people yielded significant left-overs. Yum. I can't wait to be back in NYC for my next tasting of Han. Fairly confident it will move from the current 4.4449 to a 5. And I am really looking forward to trying some more dishes.
tl;drReally awesome Szechuan food. However, come in a smaller group and avoid peak hours.---We came here about a month ago, when they were still having their "soft opening" (although it seems like they've been around for awhile now so I'm not sure whether it was really still soft opening in November). The place was insanely packed on a Wednesday night. Granted, we did have a group of 6 but we were told that the wait would be 1.5 hours because "two smaller tables next to each other need to finish at the same time" before they would be able to seat us (okay - I mean I understand but is there no other way of seating a larger group?). We ended up returning 30 minutes prior to their closing time when the restaurant was nearly empty and were seated immediately. To the hostess' credit, she chose to accommodate us even though they were about to close down the restaurant. However, we were told that we only had 2-3 minutes to order because the kitchen was closing. I also understand but I think they could be slightly more courteous in going about it. But it's ok, I don't give stars based on decor and service, so this is alright.Since we had to order food on such a time crunch, I ordered the stuff that people raved about (dan dan noodles, cucumbers) and then asked the owner? to recommend all of the other dishes. He chose dry pepper chicken (la zi ji), double cooked pork (hui guo rou), and chili fish (shui ju yu). The food came out in a matter of minutes, and it was excellent - compounded by the fact that we were really hungry. + Dan dan noodles - the owner? of the restaurant calls these noodles "crack noodles" - and I can easily see why. The noodles are tossed in a spicy sesame-soy oil infused with Szechuan peppercorns, with some browned garlic and pork on top. It's easy to make (the recipe from Han Dynasty Philly is available online), but it's probably one of those things that's often replicated, but never duplicated. :P These noodles are VERY GOOD, and you should not skip it on a visit here. (you CAN get it vegetarian! they'll hold the pork)+ Cucumbers - the cucumbers are perfectly marinated in chili oil, and serves as an excellent refreshing counterpoint to the heavier dishes.+ Chili fish - this was probably the highlight of the meal here - luscious pieces of white fish swim in a sea of chili oil blended with Szechuan peppercorn and other spices. It's not overly spicy but the complexity and the depth of the sauce really elevates the otherwise drab pieces of fish to another level.+ Dry pepper chicken - this was very true to form, and the crispy pieces of chicken are fried beautifully. The dry peppers shouldn't be trifled with - they are really spicy if you attempt to eat them!!+ Double cooked pork - in a restaurant with so much authentic Szechuan food, this unfortunately was a surprisingly disappointing dish. The pork and leek - the two essential ingredients  - are there, but this dish lacks the complexity of the flavor found in the chili fish or the pepper chicken. I probably just prefer this dish to be a tad bit sweeter, but for me this double cooked pork was just very salty without any other flavors. It's a classic Szechuan dish, but I don't believe this is anywhere close to the best rendition I've had.This place is spicier than Wa Jeal on the UES, but at a good heat level. The food was also not overly oily, which is a common complaint I've had with Szechuan food, especially the renditions that I've had in China. Overall, it's extremely delicious and I only wish I lived closer so I can get their lunch specials on weekdays! Expect slightly under $20 pp after tx and tip if you come in a group.
Charming (if you can say that about a Szechuan restaurant) new restaurant that has spice levels next to every dish. The waiter told us that a 10 will be very uncomfortable on the bowl/bowels the next day, *ahem* if you know what he means...I've had the string beans with minced pork, which is pretty solid and not spicy at all, as well as the dan dan noodles and mapo tofu. I don't tend to love super spicy foods since I think all the hotness masks the flavors, but the food here is pretty good. I think I still prefer Szechuan Gourmet or Lan Sheng in midtown though. Their rice portions are pretty stingy.
I fell in love with Sichuan food eating at Han's in Philadelphia several years ago.  Upon my first bite I was instantly attracted to its bold and spicy flavors.  It was also my first encounter with the infamous Sichuan flower pepper.  Do not be fooled by these tiny husks, one bite and it'll leave your tongue numb, your lips tingling, and your mind wanting more...so you can imagine my elation when Han opened shop in Manhattan.  So we headed to Han during their soft opening to feast.  Many of the dishes had a spice level of 3 chili peppers but it was missing the most important component of Sichuan food...the Sichuan flower pepper.  While everything was perfectly seasoned and had a good amount of heat, it was missing that mouth numbing, licorice tasting, zesty slap in the mouth that I was hoping for.  However, make no mistake, my friends, Han still puts out some of the best Sichuan dishes in the New York area.My favorite dishes of the night:  spicy crispy cucumbers, wonton in chili oil, and pork belly in garlic sauce.  I'm not usually a fan of cucumber salads, but this low key dish was crispy, crunchy, briny, and spicy and was both refreshing and addicting.  It is definitely something I could eat as a meal with rice and be completely satisfied.Overall, a welcomed edition to Union Square and just in time for the cold of winter.
I was an originally fan of Old City store and tried this one for the first time. The restaurant inside is a lot smaller than the one in Philadelphia but this place has its own modest taste and the food was great so I'd love to come back more often.I went with my husband on Wed night around 9pm but the restaurant was pretty packed so we waited for a table for about 15-20min so that wasn't too bad. The staff was all very friendly and kind and their service was great!We had Tsingtao beer, DanDan noodle, spicy dumpling and black bean fish. In my opinion as opposed to all other good reviews, DanDan noodle wasn't that good. I thought the noodle was over cooked and a little bit gooey. The taste was actually good but the noodle ruined its taste I thought. But the dumpling and black bean fish was very good. People sitting at next table were having Tofu in hot pot and lo-mein noodle and looked very delicious so next time I'll try those!
The food is good, but I have paid less money for better food. Floors are slicked with oil / grease and its slippery in the restaurant so be careful walking around in here. I almost ate it in here a few times in a single visit. The staff is all smiles and very nice to everyone so no complaints on the service. Overall there is a lot of hype over this place and the experience doesnt really live up to it.
Delicious Chinese food. Wonderfully different than your average nyc chinese place in terms of taste. Since discovering this place in a magazine featuring "cheap eats" about a month ago, I have been back 3 times in an effort to try everything on the menu. The atmosphere is okay, not grungy but nothing spectacular. Sometimes there is a wait to get a table so be warned. But I'd say this place is well worth a try.
This place is great - worth the wait. I recommend the Dan Dan Noodles, Wontons in Chili Oil, Ma Po Tofu, Shrimp Dry Pot, and Green Beans with Minced Pork.Yum!
After rave reviews in NY Magazine I knew I had to check this place out. My friends and I arrived at noon on a Sunday (just beating the lunch rush). I love spicy food, but for others in my party with gentler palates, the spiciness rankings (1-10) labeled next to each dish on the menu was a great help.The arrangement inside is a no-frills, typical Chinese restaurant (with one noticeable exception: the place was immaculately clean). The 7 of us ordered several dishes to share, and ALL of them were delicious:- Dan dan noodles. Get this dish. It is amaaazing. Someone has described this is "Chinese spaghetti." It's dry noodles (they taste hand-made) with a spicy, sweet ground pork sauce. - beef and tripe in chili oil. Though this was labeled as a "10" I didn't think it was taste-bud -calding spicy. A wonderfully authentic dish.- eggplant in garlic sauce. Done extremely well. yum.- beef noodle soup. Can be eaten as a singe entree or shared. A clean, tasty broth; perfect for my friend who was feeling a bit under the weather- three cup chicken. This one was only "ok" compared to the other dishes. If you have a very non-adventurous eater in your party, get this dish. A sweet, soy sauce flavored chicken dish.- scallion style lamb. Great dish if you like Hoison sauce and lamb!We were all super happy with the food. The price point is higher than Chinatown, but the location is more central and the quality of the food better. Portion sizes are also good! We'll definitely be back.
This place is bomb! Previously, I'd been getting my sichuan on at Grand Sichuan, which is hit or miss depending on where you go.  I'm glad that Han Dynasty came to NYC to throw in some competition.  Classically good Chinese food, served Chinese style (family, what first comes out) with a definite higher standard of cooking.  Cheap too!  I came here on a Wed with 5 others and we each paid $20 for a lot of food, tax/tip included.  Service is fast and prompt, though, you have to wait as they don't take reservations.  All in all I think we waited 30ish minutes for a table, which is not too bad considering our large party.  The place is mildly spacious.. and the decor, well whatever. They have a bar. Onto the food please!  Basically, you choose a meat, and the prep style (sauce) of choice. We tried:-the dry pepper chicken wings- plump, freshly fried (takes 20 min of prep), doused with chilies, and so so moist, juicy and flavorful.  The app, not the entree-2 sets of dan dan noodles (YUMMY); one more spicy, one less. They vary spice level according to a scale of 1-8.  The spicy version didn't affect me at all;  I do think G.S. has all in all better dan dan (more authentic)-eggplant in garlic sauce- didn't taste too much garlic, but this hearty and damn good. -Cumin style lamb- looked like people liked this, I don't eat lamb so can't say.  The lamb was a bit small and shredded looking-long hot pepper chicken- well cooked chicken. tender and flavorful -Fish in black bean sauce- majorly yummyNothing was too spicy and overwhelming.  There are so many combinations to try that I would definitely return to try them all. -A heaping bowl of yummy white rice
Health Grade: ACame here since it's my namesake. The food was actually pretty good. The Dan Dan noodles are delicious and come in a pretty big size. Unfortunately, there was no hot and sour soup, and I really love that stuff when it's made correctly! In terms of the other dishes, you pick what kind of dish you want and then you also pick the meat so customization! We went around 6pm and there was a little bit of a wait, and I think the wait became longer as the night went by.
Han Dynasty NYC does not disappoint!! I was a bit worried that it won't be as good as the one in Philly, however Han was just as good, or maybe even better cause now it's a lot closer to me :) They are still having their soft opening. There's no alcohol ...yet! They said it won't be about a week or 2 before they can serve alcohol. The wait was an hour long on a Wednesday night. The nice thing is, they text you when your table is ready, so feel free to wander off to one of the nearby bars for a drink (Bar None few doors down has pitchers of Bud for $9).We ordered the staples, dan dan noodles, crisp cucumbers, and three cup chicken. All were delicious. We also had the sautéed pea sprouts with garlic, twice cooked pork belly, and hot sauce style tofu, also very delicious. The service was great. The host was super nice. The waiters were attentive and constantly refilled our waters, which was good when eating spicy foods :)TIP: you can control the spice level on any dish. Just tell them on a scale 1-10 how spice you want it.
I only recommend their side dishes like dan dan noodles and hot-oil dumplings. Noodles was a little salty but still pretty good. The dumplings was probably the highlight of the meal for me. I ordered oil-broached fish ( I always order this dish to test out the authenticity of Sichuan restaurants) and was deeply disappointed. It's nothing like the really deal in terms of neither presentation nor taste. Service was pretty good though.
Dear Handy Nasty,I've been waiting to write this review to you ever since I found out that you were going to open a Manhattan location. Ever since we met in Philly a year ago, I have dreamt about your Spicy Crispy Cucumber Salad and Dan Dan Noodles.I've contemplated going to see you in Philly, but you were just too far away. But now that you're here, I have a feeling that you and I are going to be the bestest friends ever. Sincerely, Shelly-----------------------For those of you who haven't already fallen in love with this place, I almost don't want to Yelp about this because I don't want too many people knowing about it as the wait time in its Philly locations can get wild. So what are people waiting 45 minutes for?For these dishes:Spicy Crispy Cucumber Salad ($6.95): a cool, spicy and garlicky cucumber salad that's both sweet and savory. It's pure perfection plus a bunch of MSG probably. That sauce the cucumbers sit in must be some type of liquid crack. You dip anything in it, and it will make it taste delicious. Dan Dan Noodles ($7.95): a noodle dish that's topped with bits of minced pork, some preserved veggies, scallions that sits on top of a spicy sauce made with Sichuan peppers and sesame (and/or peanut) paste. I love that as you take more and more bites of the noodles, the spiciness of the sauce slowly builds in flavor in your mouth. It is one of their most popular dishes, so you really must try it if you've never had it before.Wontons in Chili Oil ($6.95): The wontons were perfectly cooked - the skin wasn't too soft or too firm - and the chili oil didn't completely coat the wonton as I expected. In fact, it gave it just enough of a kick. I'd easily order this again.Pork Belly w/ Sweet Garlic Chili Oil Sauce ($9.95): The preparation of this pork belly dish is unlike what you normally expect at a Chinese restaurant. Instead of it being served stewed as a huge chunk, the pork belly in this dish is thinly sliced, shabu shabu style. This acted as a great medium to hold the sweet garlic chili sauce it came drenched in.Beef & Tripe in Chili Oil ($9.95): is less of a standout dish to me. This is actually listed as the spiciest dish on the menu with a level 10 of spiciness, and is one of the more traditional dishes in Sichuan food. The texture of the beef was a tad tougher than I would like, but both the beef and the tripe acted as a great vehicle for all of us to test our spicy meters.Scallion Pancake ($3.95): which came with a black vinegar sauce. It was thin enough so that every bite is crunchy and not doughy - so it was well done. Just not my favorite thing here. However, keep in mind this is a non-spicy item on the menu, so it might be a good way to cool your mouth down. Also it tastes excellent dipped in sauce leftover from the cucumber. Double Cooked Style Fish ($17.95): picked this dish because it was another one of my favorite dishes that I recall from my meal in Philly. The fish here is perfectly fried, not too greasy, but perfectly fried with a flour coating to make the outside crunchy and the inside cooked just right. Here, it's cooked with black beans, leeks hot peppers, and chili oil (duh).Pea Leaves w/ Garlic ($12.95). What can I say? This was stir-fried perfectly with just the right amount of garlic. A staple whenever I go out for Chinese food.P.S. In case you didn't know, sharing is caring, come with friends and try more dishes together, family style! This review is just a cliffnotes version of a much longer blog post here: shellyinreallife.com/201…
Great great Sichuan food.  Nothing cash bar haan Dynasty. Heaven for people who can handle spicy. Though they serve mild.
Came here with 12 people and got the opportunity to try their tasting menu. Never knew a chinese restaurant would have a tasting menu but boy was the food good. Overall, I would recommend this place and come back here again. Now for their faults and accomplishments.For hot appetizers, we had the wontons and dumplings in chili oil, taiwanese sausage, and dry pepper chicken wings.The wonton and dumpling skins were thin and cooked properly. I did however have a friend who had undercooked wonton skin. Despite hearing that, I can't fault them for it because I didn't taste it. I thought the meat proportion to skin were just about right. he chili oil really elevated the dish and it wasn't spicy at all, despite the menu saying (6) and (4).I do have to say that the dry pepper chicken wings were awesome but you can't eat this dish everyday. The wings were extremely fatty and the skin heavily fried. The wings were so fatty that I thought there was curry on the meat, under the skin because under the lighting we were in, the meat looked a little yellow. Oh yes, this dish was salty. ALL their fried stuff are really oily and salty.For cold appetizers, we had the spicy crispy cucumber and I think beef & tripe in chili oil, and beef tendons in chili oil.  As for the cucumber, we make a version of this at home and we add garlic to it. Of course I'm biased but I think the one we make is better. Their is a little too sweet for me. It is very flavorful and quite authentic in my opinion. The beef& tripe and beef tedons were delicious as well. A little on the fatty side but that's just how it is. There is also a nice sear on the meat.We also had the dan dan noodles. These were really good. Big enough portion and enough meat in it. The chili was spicy enough and it was a little sweet.  The noodles here is definitely better than Spice & Tasty in Flushing. The sauce isn't that authentic as they changed it a little but it is very flavorful and delicious to eat.As for entrees, I'm not sure exactly what we had because I was across the table and could not hear their mumble when they brought the dish over. Typical chinese restaurant where they just mumble the dishes name, drop the food off, and leave.  I'm sure had the dry pepper style, hot sauce style, dry fry style, double cooked style, and black bean style.  All these dishes had beef, or pork. I don't remember eating any chicken except for the fried wings.  In general, all the dishes were flavorful and tasty. However, you can tell that they use a lot of meat tenderizer, salt, and oil.We also had some vegetables, eggplant with garlic sauce and bak choy with mushrooms. Some people at the table didn't like the eggplant but I thought it was excellent. Some were more al dente and some were softer. They had the nice purple coloring to it still, so it wasn't overcooked. However, I did think that the dish could have used more spice.The taiwanese sausage wasn't bad at all. Can't really go wrong with these since I assume that they were store bought. They were relatively thinly sliced and it did have enough fat in it. It wasn't dry at all. I suggest they modify the dish and incorporate some spices on it to really elevate the dish as opposed to serving something i can easily do at home.I would highly recommend this place and would come here again. Despite my disgust in using too much oil and salt, I think this is what Szechuan is. As of now, this is my favorite place for this type of food.  It is on the expensive side.  If they made it $2-$3 cheaper it would be a better bargain.
On our usual food hop! ran into Han dynasty it was packed to decided to check it out! we got the chicken dumplings which were delicious and fresh, also got the dan dan noodles which they mixed it in front of you. Overall I liked this restaurant lots of different beers and drinks, would definitely come here again and explore the menu more.
Han Dynasty followed me from Old City, Philly to East Village! And conveniently located next to 99 Miles from Philly...NY is known for great food, but Philly isn't too shabby, either. Han is one of the best Chinese restaurants there (check out their Yelp! reviews), and it's here to prove that Philly can roll with the big boys.Pretty much, you choose your style of preparation (Cumin, Garlic, Double-Cooked, etc.) and a protein. The spicyness ratings are next to each preparation type so you know what you are getting yourself into. My favorites are the Dan Dan Noodles (must get, a large bowl of noodles for $8!) and the Dry Pepper Style fish (a white fish, tilapia, maybe?). A non-spicier option that I like is the 3-Cup Chicken, which is made of gingery, sweet soy sauce base. I also got a complimentary Spicy Crispy Cucumber dish which has an awesome sauce for spreading on your rice later.They are going to serve liquor in a month or so, and the Monthly Monday tastings are coming soon (20 course tasting experience)! Delivery is on its way as well.Sichuan food is spicy, peppercorn spicy. Don't come here looking for General Tso's, you noob.
So we loved the food and we can't wait to go back to try more dishes. To get straight to the point the reason I can't give this place 5 stars is because of the service- which was all over the place. For example we received a text that our table was ready so we chugged our beers and ran from the bar next door to get here in the allotted ten minutes. When we arrived we were told that that table wouldn't be ready and we would have to wait. We also noticed a server eating tasting someone's food while he was packing it in the to-go container. I don't know if this happens often but we only notices it because we were seated with a great view of the kitchen. Here are the dishes we tried:Dan Dan NoodlesWontons in ChiliHot Style FishBeans with minced porkAlso, there chili oil was delicious. I want to order the West Lake soup when we visit next.
Got the Szechuan spicy dry pot chicken. Serving was pretty big, easily sharable by 2. It was loaded with chicken, bamboos, peppers, dried chilies and onions. It was spicy but bearable! The dish is wayyyy too oily though. This place is popular so make sure to arrive early!
This is a great spot. After checking out Yelp reviews, I decided to give it a try.We (myself and 2 others) went on a Thursday evening and had to wait for a table. The restaurant is a bit small. Once we were seated, we were greeted by a friendly waiter, who gave suggestions. We ordered the Dan Dan Noodle, scallion pancakes, and shrimp fried rice. The food came out pretty quickly, was hot, and tasted fresh. Certainly enough for sharing- excellent portion sizes. The Dan Dan Noodle was spicy, a little sweet, and tasty. The shrimp fried rice had a lot of egg, which I didn't mind, and medium sized-shrimp. The scallion pancakes (8 pieces) was nice and flaky. I would definitely visit this location again!
Food: Dan Dan noodles: 4/5 The flavour was on point but the texture of the noodles was so mushy. Had they been just a tad more chewy, I would have given this a higher rating. Spicy though and delicious regardless. Portions are generous as well for the price.Wonton in Spicy Oil 5/5Once again, the spicy and slightly sweet flavour was very good and they serve an adequate number of delectable wontonsMapo Tofu 4/5The spiciness and flavour again was very good and the texture of the tofu was silky smooth. VERY good. Removing points for skimping on pork portions though. Additionally, the rice was pretty dry and unappetizing.We came on a 8:00pm on Friday night, party of 2. Waited approximately 50 minutes, ate for 30 minutes. I'm not sure if it was worth it to be honest. I wasn't expecting the loud ambiance. Pretty sure everyone around us was drink or getting drunk. I could barely hear myself think but I'm sure it'd be fun if I were looking for that.Props for having a decent draft beer selection at a decent price. 7$ for Ommegang Three Philosophers
Ya know, it was good I just wasn't that impressed.About a 10 minute wait for a 2pm lunch on MLK Day. Service at the door was very attentive. Seated, but then service really went downhill. We waited a good ten minutes before we got our order taken. We are both former Hong Kong expats and the service was about what we expected to get, but still very slow and sparse.Ordered: dan dan noodles, pepper style shrimp, spicy string beans, three cup chicken. Dan dan was great, spicy string beans also great, three cup chicken pretty good, dan pepper shrimp not good at all.It did get a little pricey. For the two of us, it came to like $40 each. In my opinion, Xian Famous Foods is a better and cheaper option if you are looking for Sichuan.
I got the garlic sauce chicken and dan dan noodles with preserved vegetables (the boyfriend didn't want pork). Delicious. Great service, fantastic sichuan food. I've been to the original Han Dynasty in Philadelphia, and they continue to deliver great Chinese food. I was happy to FINALLY get decent Chinese food in this town... I'm so sick of the overly greasy, flavorless, disgusting excuse for "Chinese food" most restaurants in NYC offer. I was missing the great Chinese food options of California and am glad I found this place.A little on the pricey side for Chinese but well worth it.
I guess as far as reviews go, redundancy is a virtue so here goes...Eating their Dan dan mian was like listening to the Beatles for the first time. Everytime.Your future taste buds will forever regret every day you didn't have Dan Dan mian. Yeah, its that friggin good.
Service is horrible.  Waiter asked us to leave immediately after we paid n tipped. Table next to us (6 big Caucasian men) were hanging much longer than us after they finished dinner.  They only ordered half the amount we ordered.  So I said,  why don't you ask them to leave?  Then rude waiter pretending to be Korean said yes I will. . So he did. .if I didn't say anything,  I don't think he would ask them to leave. Food is westernized spicy Chinese food.  Go to spicy kitchen on second ave , the Bao or grand Sichuan, they hv much better food. I seriously do not know what the hype is about this place.
This is probably one of the best Chinese food spots I've ever been to! Although the food we got was essentially soaked in oil (definitely did not do good things for my thighs in any way), it was absolutely delicious, flavorful, and delightfully spicy.If you're a spice freak, I totally recommend the Dry Pepper Pot Chicken (Entree) and the Hot Pepper Wings (Appetizer).The prices may seem steep, but it's actually quite reasonable because each entree is enough to feed 2 people. I came here with my S.O and we were both bloated at the end of our meal.The only thing that sucked was the noise-level and waiting 25 minutes to get a table (we went on a Tuesday night too!). But hey, if the wait time is that long on a weekday, then the place MUST be good! (And it is! :D)Also, totally random but we saw Aziz Ansari about to go in to the restaurant. Unfortunately, he didn't though :(
Nice food, and nice service.  Better than most of the usual suspects outside of Chinatown or Flushing.  But not worth waiting for if the wait is more than half an hour.We started with the "crispy cucumbers."  They were awful: not crispy at all, and simply sliced cukes in some sort of gloopy hot sauce.  A colossal ripoff at $7. That was the lowpoint, and the rest of the meal was fine. Dumplings were tasty and not over-froied.  Shrimp was nice, but expensive. Chicken was great. Neither was oversauced.  Portions are hefty without being absurd.  Didn't try the dan-dan noodles that everyone raves about, but they looked good from a distance.Service was nice and patient.I'd return, but only if the wait is under 20 minutes or so.  We tried again on a Saturday night, and it was an hour.  An hour just ain't worth it.
When I think of good Chinese food (NOT TAKEOUT) this is probably the place I think of,But those who insists on take out, I believe they do have that option as well.Party poopers.We came here basically to try this location out as their home location is in Philly and on in Jersey as well.The thing to order here is Dan Dan noodles.I've eaten Dan Dan noodles all my life and this was perhaps the best versions I've ever had.WOW!Flavorful, just the right amount of firmness/softness ratio.$8 well spent.We shared the spicy cucumber appetizer which was crisp, mildly spicy (I have high tolerance), but tasty.Next time I come here I would like to explore the menu more.And obviously NOT share the dishes because I thought I placed separate orders but it came out shared.Oh well, saved some room for desserts.  LOLNotes -1) The owner greeted many people dining that evening.  I'm not sure if this is a regular thing that he does but it definitely gave me an impression that he cares about his customers and just the overall service/demeanor of the place.2) Their liquor license is coming soon.  How soon?  No clue but for all you boozehounds, you can eat great Chinese food AND get your drink on in the near future.Who says Chinese people don't know how to party?  PFFT.Nonsense.3) This place gets BUSY.  I'm not sure if they take reservations but I suspect that they do.I would not chance on it thinking that you'd come here on a slow night.Rare.So go early or wait.
I came here for lunch, so there was no fancy ambiance nor was I expecting one. The food was decently priced, and when the food came, the portions were huge! I had one main course chicken dish with an order of spring rolls and comfortably shared that between a friend and I. We asked for our food to be slightly spicier, and man did they deliver. I'm usually a pro but even I was sipping water after every couple of bites. The spring rolls were perfectly crispy and stuffed. If you're looking for a laid back place with really, really great food, I recommend Han Dynasty!
beef noodles. Very tasty. definitely feels like the most unhealthy thing I have ever eaten though. Will need to wait a while before going back.
One of my favorites in new York for spicy made.to.perfection Sidhu an Chinese food. Spicy as he'll delicious to the core.specially try maps tofu, spicy sauce checked, chicken with dry red chillies, King pao, fresh greens, hot sauce fish and the list does not end. The food is made by a great chef and tastes superb.will go there for every meal if I can.
Sometimes this place is a s**t show in terms of delivery/pick up time estimates.  For instance, last weekend I called to place a pick up order and they said that it would be well over an hour before it would be ready.  Made total sense, because when I showed up at their door 5 minutes later, the line to pick up telephone orders was crazy long.  But... having declined to place an order on the phone and decided to roll the dice on my luck being better in person, I placed my order face-to-face.  And the gamble paid off-- I got my food in 15 minutes. The moral of the story is that if you really want Handy Nasty, and you don't want to wait, then it might be better to just walk your lazy ass over and try your luck. YMMV.
My 2nd visit: I adore the cucumber app; spicy sweet sauce with the cold cool cucumber, my dinning companion liked it the least. We also tried the garlic eggplant (recommended by another yelper); delicious but very heavy. The Veggie Dan Dan Noodles(the only option w/o pork) were delicious. The table favorite. So good!Entree: Hot Spicy Style with scallops. My companion's 2nd favorite. Not a fan myself.  The scallops were deep fried in a thick coating. I thought the dish was just spicy hot but not favorful. No cocktails just beer & wine.Service was very fast & very friendly. Groups were seated quicker then couples both times I have been especially 5.
Oh Han, quite hot you are. Thank goodness I can order you how I like :) arrived here with an expectation of "too hot to handle", I braved it with a confident poker face. I sighed with relief when I read on the menu that the spice level can be adjusted. But what was so great was the person sitting across from me #firstdate #goofysmile. That's right, I hash tagged it even though it doesn't do anything on yelp lol. My favorite dish was the dan dan noodle (lvl 8). I'm not a spicey lover and would have enjoyed it more if it was a lvl 6/7, but man ... this really hit the spot. I practically ate everything in my bowl. I wouldn't mind coming back just for this. The wonton with spicy chili oil was my next favorite. Garlicky and slightly spicy, yum. Both dishes are a must get!
I wasn't expecting much from this place (I hadn't read any reviews prior to going), but I was blown away. Han Dynasty has the best Sichuan cuisine I've ever eaten. The scallion pancakes and cold sesame noodles were the perfect appetizers. My friends ordered some Dan Dan noodles as well. One of the waiters overheard that I'm a vegetarian and insisted that I try some of the Dan Dan noodles, so he went to kitchen and got me some made without pork, on the house!We were stuffed from the appetizers, so we ended splitting the (garlic style?) Tofu dish. This was also really good, but I have a pretty low spice tolerance I couldn't eat whole lot of it.I will definitely come here again for the friendly service, large portions, and tasty food!
I've only recently started eating Asian food. I used to think I didn't like it, so my BF has been slowly introducing me to his favorite spots, of which Han Dynasty is one. We got the Dan Dan noddles and I really did like them! I would definitely eat them again, and am now less hesitant to try other dishes. We also got the cumin fries, but really those were just fries sprinkled with spice and served with ketchup - nothing particularly exotic about them. Nice artwork on the walls. I'd go again, and that's saying a lot.
Best Chinese food I've ever had. Everything we ordered was great and none of it was greasy. I especially liked how you can pick your sauce and then decide which protein you want.  The Dan Dan noodles and pork belly appetizer are a must. The owner was super chill and friendly. He came by and chatted with us for a bit. There tends to be a wait but it's definitely worth it.
We think this is our 75th time eating at Han Dynasty in either Philly or  NYC. If I get capital punishment and the chair, this is my last meal. The good news is that the Lower East Side location is more authentically Philly Han style because I was told the chef was trained in Philly. The Upper west side restaurant is good too, but that chef takes too many liberties with Philly standards and the food is not as spicy there. Tonight we ate so much food at Han we took home 6 take home containers (for 2 people!). A++ = dan dan noodles, steamed chili dumplings, pickled style shrimp, lamb cumin, pea shoots (my #1 item), and my new bestie - the pickled veggies...next time I am ordering 3 servings to take home. Han is the BOMB, and spicy. Don't dare ask for chicken fried rice. Han would throw you out of his (many) restaurants. Not kidding. I hear he is coming to Brooklyn! Anyone who does not like Han Dynasty has no taste buds. If you hate spice, stay home.
1. Dirty dishes2. Bad service3. Watched my friends eat for at least 30 minutes. Asked waiter about 10 watching my friend eating.4. If I have not went up to the counter to demand my food, it would not have come out. I guess I was loud enough that all the customers heard it.ZERO STAR!!!!!!
I'm no expert in Chinese food, but I am in fact completely obsessed with Mapo Tofu and all things mala.  See my review for Lao Sze Chuan in Chicago:yelp.com/biz/lao-sze-chu…Now usually when I order this dish, I ask for it to be "suicidally spicy."  But I decided to just go with the flow and eat it the way it came (according to the menu, the Mapo Tofu was a 7 on a scale from 1-10)Bland bland bland!  It wasn't just not spicy enough - it really didn't have much of any taste at all.  That well known tongue numbing spice called mala - barely felt it.  It was even lacking in salt.  Beyond that, the food was fine.  I'm personally one of those people who doesn't care of a food is "authentic" - I just care if it's good (Korean tacos, anyone?).  However, this missed the mark.  Now it's not quite PF Chang sort of bland, but these are definitely watered down flavors meant to appeal to a broad audience.  Perhaps a safe bet if you have unadventurous eaters in your group, but certainly not ideal for someone who wants some seriously spicy Szechuan food.
Unfortunately, I can't talk about the food here. I never got to eat them.They were never served to me.The restaurant completely forgot about our orders.Even if the restaurant was almost empty when we first sat down and ordered.Sad story.
Food was good. Great flavor. Had the scallion style chicken and pea leaves with garlic, so good. Would go back only because the food was good. Portions were good size. Cons: hostess seemed confused about seating and wait time. Server was not attentive, was never asked how was our meal or if we need more tea. We just got our food and she never returned. Asked someone else for out check.
Han dynasty has some excellent food, and I'm happy I didn't have to travel to flushing in order to get some flavorful Chinese goodness. My friend told me we had to get the Dan Dan noodles, and the noodles were unique-- they were spicy, came doused in chili oil, and had an almost peanut butter like consistency and taste. I'm not sure if I'm the only one who feels this way.Up next were the Dry pepper chicken wings which were awesome. The skin on these wings is so crispy, and beneath that golden layer was juicy chicken. There was so much juice, it almost shot me in the eye when I bit in, but I didn't even mind.We ordered the garlic sauce beef last and that was the most flavorful part of the meal. The sauce is thick brown garlic sauce with tender beef slices and a bamboo, pepper, mushroom stir fry. It was a heavy dish, but the vegetable to meat ratio was spot on. I only wish that there was more beef given that it was the most expensive dish.I give this place five stars because their service is top notch. The waiter checked on us regularly, brought extra napkins without us asking, and never rushed us though the restaurant was busy. Great meal!
Service was horrible and slow. The food was salty and not impressive. The two of us ordered the dan dan noodles, wonton in chili sauce, scallion pancakes, and the spicy cucumbers. My favorite was the wontons. -Dan dan noodles: tasted like noodles with oily chili pork with a packet of ramen seasoning dumped on it. Too salty. It had potential and I wanted to like it, but no.-Wontons: the only thing I would eat here, but not worth going back for.-Scallion pancakes: wasn't memorable. Didn't taste like anything unless you dunked it in the sauce.-Spicy cucumbers: CG liked it, but I thought there was something off about it. Tasted like raw garlic paste in there. If you like it that, it's probably your thing. Not mine.-Service and ambience: restaurant was not that full, we came in at 5pm on a Sunday. It was really loud despite it being maybe half full. Had to flag down someone for each thing we wanted - someone to seat us, take our order, the check, boxing up our leftovers (asked twice), the check, picking up the check. It's like you wanted xian's famous foods, but you got lazy and settled with the much lesser and pathetic cousin (thrice removed). Underwhelmed and disappointed.
Came in on a low-key Sunday night. We had the kung pao chicken and tofu, vegetable fried rice, the crispy chili chicken, and the vegetable spring rolls. All the food was delicious except for the spring rolls. They were soggy and tasteless. The Kung pao was the highlight of the nite. Service was great, made sure we were taken care of all night. Really enjoyed the experience.
I guess this is what you call a hole in the wall.  Never would have noticed it had not some friends taken me here.  Went at 8pm on a Tuesday night and the place was PACKED.  No reservations and no seating unless entire party was there.  Between me being late and the crowds of people waiting, we finally sat around 8:30.  Three girls and we ordered:Fried Chicken wings - they literally come out looking like giant deep fried nuggets with peppers all over but the meat inside is very tender and juicy!Dan Dan Noodles - spaghetti-ish noodles with pork and peppers.  The noodles were kind of mushy but I'm not sure if Chinese style noodles should be "al dente" so i'll give them a pass. The flavor portion of this dish was good, just wish it didn't give me a baby food vibe.I forget the exact name but it was a fried pork main dish - with peppers of course.  Super salty. Definitely need to eat this with rice but together with the rice its greatSnow pea leave with garlicWontons in spicy chili oil - has a tinge of sour taste to it but felt like it was part of the dish, not an out of place sour.It was a lot of food for 3 people, but we did a pretty good job. Total bill was $70 but I feel like we probably ordered for a normal party of 4-5.  Everything in this place is covered/sautéed/marinated in some sort of pepper or  chili concoction so a spicy lover's haven.  Those that can't take heat - this is not the place for you.We originally tried ordering the Tofu Pot but the waiter refused to let us. HAHA! He said it was a new menu item and so far the reception has been not so good. Extra points for honesty!
Came here because of the good reviews, but I thought the food and service were very mediocre. We had the chicken fried rice and the long hot pepper beef...not terrible, but nothing to write home about.
Worst service though food was good. You never get a clear answer to your questions over the phone. And the guy who was waiting at our table was terrible. My guests asked for help in Chinese language. OK, nightmare started. The waiters never know what exactly you want and talk to the customers in a ridiculous way like you should stand there listening them yelling at you. I don't understand Chinese waiters would not be a little bit nice to Chinese customers... I hate it when we have to argue and complain against people from the same country. But I have to tell that what we got was hurt.Bad service makes people forget the taste of their food. Uncomfortable experience. So people think about it first, do they really deserve your recommendation and tips?Well, this restaurant is the last one I want to go again before the guy leaves there and they improve their service. No Recommendation, No Star!
The dry pepper chicken was so crispy and delicious. The pickled cucumbers were very unique. The wings were perfect. Our favorite was the Dan Dan noodles. Craving them now!
I don't even know where to begin on how awful this place is. I'm going to keep it short because, I plan on giving this place no more of my time....The food: Extremely out of control. There was no natural taste to it AT ALL. It's overly spicy to the point of unenjoyable. The "vegetables" mixed in with the dishes were unidentifiable.The service: Worst I've ever had in the city. Period. Next subject....Overall: the seating that's too close to the party next to you, horrendous service, bland non tasting food, and touristy high prices; skip it. Keep moving uptown. Keeeeeep going, keep moving.....Terrible.
So awesome! Went on a weekday night and the place was crowded- good sign! I tried mapotofu the lamb, and house special friend rice. You won't leave disappointed :)
I'm korean and koreans love spicy food!  So I'm a fan of Han Dynasty...esp. when I can just go across the street.  I've had mostly everything on the menu so far, and they have not disappointed.  What is a disappointment is that they can be pretty slow on the food delivery....and I'm not talking about delivering the food to your apartment...they don't do that.  I mean they do deliver...but not if you call them...you have to go through this other site...which can be annoying.....I'm sure I confused you even more with this information.Anyway...the wait staff is super nice, so the kitchen needs to pick up their speed.  There has definitely been an improvement since they opened as far as speed goes...but still on the slow side for a chinese restaurant.  Food is ggggggoood!
The best I can say about this restaurant is that its food is edible. The Dan Dan Mian alone carries two stars.1. Food:'The three of us agreed that the lamb cumin, the tofu in garlic sauce, and the three cup chicken were worse than take-out Chinese food. For starters, this is NOT what three-cup chicken is supposed to taste like. Han Dynasty made it flat, two-dimensional, overly saccharine, and overly salty. The dish is supposed to delight with different spices and flavors, well-balanced sweet and salty. I've eaten it everywhere and this is a travesty to all three cups of ingredients. The Dan Dan Mian is the only thing you should order. 2. Service: 40 minutes from being seated, they began asking us to clear the table while we were still finishing our food, and we were served or check at the 50-min mark. We finally got the picture when they tried to serve us a second check. They will hustle you out.3. Atmosphere: harried and unpleasant. Long wait. Cramped, crowded and loud.
I have gotten take out here a couple of times and overall the wait isn't bad though the pricing is a little high. (Not looking forward to dining in as it is very loud and very packed). I really like the wontons in chili oil and the cold cucumbers for appetizers, both are manageable spice wise.  The dry pepper chicken is crunchy but not that hot either.  It has a pretty good flavor and not drenched in sauce (no sauce actually which is probably why it's called dry pepper) like some other fried chicken dishes at Chinese places.  If you want bigger heat try the spicy beef soup or the dan dan noodles.  And have a glass of milk handy!  I wouldn't say this is the most authentic Chinese food or that spectacular, but it definitely gets the job done and beats those 'mall food court' types of other Chinese take out places.
Solid 4 stars. Dan Dan noodles, wonton soup and the double cooked pork belly which comes with white rice. They also serve tea complimentary. All the food was great along with the service and the price is reasonable. The portions were generous too. It was super cold in the place which was a negative considering it was winter and they were playing rap music which I thought was odd.
Han Dynasty's Dan Dan noodles are by far the best I've had in the city, bar none. One order of it is enough for two people to share (or, alternately, for one person as a standalone meal - I've definitely considered it, they're that good!). Other standouts include the spicy crispy cucumber and the cumin fries. Order the latter only if you really like cumin, because they are covered in the stuff! I've also had a few of their entrees (cumin style lamb, mapo tofu, and dry pepper style chicken, among others) and the dumplings in chili oil. They were only okay - a nice way to even the meal out so it's more than just straight carbs, but nothing to write home about. Also take note of their spice levels, because they are not kidding around! I love spicy food and the 10-spice level is a lot, even for me.
Review for Dan Dan Noodles and Cucumbers.Putting my affinity for ramen aside, the Dan Dan noodles were underwhelming. The spice level was great and it was a generous portion, but the texture and elasticity of the noodles were limp and "soggy." It was almost as if I reheated last night's leftover noodle dish and doused it with chili oil.  Perhaps Dan Dan noodles aren't supposed to be cooked al dente, but pad thai and pad see ew rice noodles aren't either but I've never come across either that were as disappointing as the Dan Dan noodles. This is going to sound terrible, but the chow mein at Panda Express are better than the Dan Dan noodles. Perhaps I need to try another noodle dish.Cucumbers were fantastic! Crispy, refreshing and extremely spicy.
a not bad restaurant in east village....the black bean fish is awesome
Solid 4 star restaurant. Very crowded and noisy because this place gets packed pretty quickly. Foods to try:Dan dan noodle: Gets greasy towards the end but pretty good. Has a slight kick to it but wasn't overwhelming at all. My friend was having a hard time eating but he's "soft" when it comes to spicy food. Basically this noodle is coated with chili oil sauce and peanut butter sauce. The peanut can be little bit too much but it's still good. I recommend for cheap ($8) and tasty eat. Kung Pao Chicken: I never had kung pao chicken outside of this restaurant so i'm not sure how it's suppose to taste like BUT it was very good. My first time trying it and I enjoyed it so I would get it again if i came back. It's just a bit pricey (like 13 dollars?) for dinner. Peppered chicken wings: Excellent! Crispy, hot, and has a slight after-bite kick to it due to the coating of chili oil. Although it got a rating of (9) as the spicy level, it wasn't that really hot. If you can take on the spicy level of dan dan noodles, then you can easily take on the wings. Things to avoid: Hot sauce style (Chicken) - not that good. It's pretty much just bland chicken that's coated with chili oil. Will be back here to try other things!
Have you ever had Dan Dan noodles? No? Oh ok. Hold on. Let me remove my glove and slap you in the face.GET SOME DAN DAN NOODLES IN YO LIFE!I have actually never had them until I went to Han Dynasty for the first time. But after one taste, I am now hooked.Why is Han Dynasty so good? Their food is authentic, the prices are generally reasonable, and everything is super flavorful. I've been here about every other week since it opened and have never had a bad meal here. On another cool note, I saw ?uestlove and Aziz Ansari both there separately at the same time. I can't guarantee that you'll see any celebrities, but I can guarantee that you will leave full and possibly slightly sweaty.My faves:- dan dan noodles- dumplings in chili oil- salt n' pepper shrimp- scallion pancake- cumin chicken
I've been here many times and it's usually good, but today was an off day. It was just a table of two and we were seated pretty quickly as the restaurant hadn't good number of open seats. We ordered dry pepper chicken, Dan Dan noodles, and string beans. The dry pepper chicken and string beans were good per usual. But the Dan Dan noodles were overcooked and had a mushy texture. I was shocked at how bad it was. I can't believe they would serve noodles like that. I hope it was an off day.
Wanted to try this restaurant a while back, good choice i made. Food was very tasty and the spiciness wasn't too hot as i expected, but they need to improve the air conditioning on the location, hence my one star deduction. Overall friendly staff and good food!
good place to dine in, the food there were pretty good and very affordable. but will only get 4 stars because the AC in there wasnt good in a hot summer other than that good place to eat.
It's got long waits for tables. They're cool about you going to a nearby bar while waiting, but they told us 45 mins, we came back after an hour, and were not top of the list.  Other than that. the service was fine.  I can see why vegetarians and healthy eaters aren't liking the place, there is a lot of pork n oil, I guess with lines that long they can stick to their guns.   The mapo tofu (with pork n oil) was very good.  As were the salt-pepper shrimps.  It was all surprisingly gentle on chili heat compared to other sichuan places in the city.  But tasty nevertheless.  I'd be back regularly if it was an undiscovered gem - but on the rare occasions when I can tolerate an hour plus wait for a midweek table, I'll be at ippudo....
If you love spicy food this is the place to go to in NYC. The dry pot dish is awesome, but it's a #10 on their spicy chart. They have a great selection of beers. The staff is welcoming, but always call before going to eat in there. It's usually packed after 6pm.They also have a good lunch special, but it's not offered on the weekends.
Lunch at Han Dynasty was a great value and offered some solid dishes I'd be happy to eat again.The beef and tripe in chili oil was excellent but very spicy; the tripe was thickly cut and deliciously tender.  The dish did leave a burning sensation in my mouth for several minutes, though, despite our request that it be mild.  The scallion pancake is good and surprisingly light; it tastes great with the accompanying vinegar.  The dan dan noodles is a sweet and savory dish.  I liked it the more I ate it, but at first, it had a pasty texture that was somewhat unpleasant.  The mapo tofu is forgettable; the tofu was dense, and the sauce had a forward flavor that lacked the complexity of a good mapo tofu dish.  The house special fried rice, a combination of pork, shrimp, and chicken, was particularly good; the egg was fluffy, the shrimp perfectly cooked, and the dish overall was perfectly seasoned.  It was certainly one of the best fried rice I've had.
Food here is very Szechuan! Love food here! Food size is satisfying. Service is also very good. Big round tables make it a good place for party with friends.
My favorite Sichuan cuisine in the city. Best dan dan noodles I've tried and portions are generous.We also liked the tripe/beef in spicy oil, wontons in spicy chili oil, and twice cooked pork belly.Not the healthiest of choices but it hits the spot. There is usually a wait but they have a pretty efficient waitlist going on. Bar is also a good option for small parties of two. Takeout would also be a good idea to avoid the wait!
This is our comfort Chinese schezwan food restaurant. Me, my husband and all our friends love this place and go there almost once in every month or may be more. My husband has been to China couple of times And he says that this is what actual schezwan food tastes like. Every dish has a distinct and a unique flavor to it. Our favorites are dry pot fish, garlic chicken, fried rice, Mapu tofu and their dan Dan noodles are out of this world. We absolutely love it.
A little wait, but they have a slick text message system so we went to a bar next door and got a drink while we waited. We ordered the spicy crispy cucumbers and scallion pancakes as appetizers. For main course we ordered tofu cumin style and chicken dry hot pot. All the food was delicious, but the dry hot pot was the best. It was a "10" but if you're used to spice it was not overwhelming and completely amazing in flavor. One thing I wish we had done is order a dish that had more of a gravy/sauce. It was a lot of dry stir fry-like dishes with rice and texturally it would have been a better mix. But, it seemed like the saucier dishes weren't as spicy and we were up for adventure. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because we were basically asked to hurry up and leave due to the wait times. I understand this challenge, but we are the customer and we definitely still had food on our plate. It wasn't like we were unnecessarily loitering. They did the same to a group just before us. Despite this, I will definitely return and try something different.
Chinese? This place felt more Latin to me. None of the waitstaff could speak basic Chinese to answer questions about the menu (seasonal vegetables, etc), but they were nice. After 10 years living in China, I expected more from an East Village Sichuan restaurant but unfortunately the taste and experience was similar to most of the Americanized Chinese restaurants found on every corner in this city.
What more can I say that hundreds of other reviewers haven't?  Everything is delicious, you can choose the amount of spice you want.  It's traditional szechuan food with just the right amount of American influence.  I love that they serve snow pea leaves!  My favorites are double cooked pork, hot sauce style fish, and of course the dan dan mien.
Signature dish: Dan Dan noodles. The other dishes are also delicious but maybe not as good as the Dan Dan noodles. Definitely the best in town.
Excellent Chinese food at great price. The food here is delicious and authentic. The Dan Dan noodles are to die for and so is the 3 pot chicken. We have tried quite a few things and each one was full of flavors. The tofu, string bean, fish in dry pot style, chicken. The dishes do get spicy so if you are not use to eating too much spice ask them to keep it down. The Spicy Crispy Cucumber is refreshing as an appetizer. Sweet and tangy! The fish in dry pot style was packed with flavors. It was spicy but yum! The wait for a table can be long. But once you get a table the service is quick.Def. coming back for more!
Big ass spring rolls, was quite surprised. Girlfriend thought the Chinese spaghetti was too spicy so we left. Good complementary peppermints though
AMAZING.  The best meal I've had in a long time.  Mouth on fire, tongue blazing, as is the signal that you've just had an authentic Szechuan meal.  This is not Chinese food for the faint at heart and that is why I am in love.Service wasn't the best...who cares.  They ran out of Taiwan beer... who cares.  It gets packed in here... just come early or wait.  It's worth it.My cousin and I came here and ordered the following:*Dan dan noodles: great taste & noodle texture.  The guy asked us if we wanted veggies instead of pork and then all 3 of us laughed at the suggestion.  The pork was fabulous.*Beef & Tripe in Chili Oil:  I love tripe and I cannot lie.  This was wonderful and mouth numbing.  I wish I could eat this daily.*Double Cook Style Pork Belly:  Wonderful taste and a good relief from the heat as this didn't have spice (although had a TON of flavor).  Basically this is stir fried bacon and it is heavenly.*Dry pepper style Chicken:  Was recommended to us by the waiter.  I thought I heard him describe it as "chicken nuggets" but I ignored that description.  However, that is exactly what it looks like.  Don't let it dissuade you... it is delicious.I will need to come back here time after time as I imagine the menu contains gems on end.
dry pepper tofu for the win! Get it. no sauce as the name indicates, but the peppers and spices won't make you miss it at all. This is also deep fried people, so don't expect this to be a healthy meal - you will eat every last morsel of the deep fried goodness. Suggest getting take-out since they don't take reservations and there's almost always a 1 hour+ wait.
Love this place!  I've tried every single item on the menu, and I've figured out my must-gets:CucumbersDan Dan NoodlesDry Fry ChickenThen depending on how many people I'm with and what they're into, I'll get the salt and pepper shrimp, the twice cooked pork, wontons in chili sauce, and sausage.Pros:  Delicious delicious foodFast serviceCons:Always feel kind of sick after from the grease and salt (but I keep going back!)Other notes:It's family style!  Plates are big and meant to be shared.  They'll also come out in whatever order they're ready so don't expect everyone to order something different and be served at the same time.
Bad. We had fandango noodles which tastes delicious.  But that's the only dish we like. Other than that, tofu fish and 3 cup chicken, which are also chef special, taste bad. They were so much worse compared to old days. Such a disappointment and probably will never come back.
Best Chinese restaurant near NYU I would say... Lunch special is a good deal. Portions are huge and it's not so expensive. [Dan Dan noodle] not authentic. Completely different from what I had had in chengdu but .. I like it.[Dry pepper chicken] crispy and tasty [dumpling in chili oil] not so spicy.Their entrees never disappoint. Make sure u try one of them
I don't see any point in coming here except to convince yourself not to come back. a Szechuan place that can't make spicy dishes, food isn't bad but not worth eating when theres other good places in the area. Food tastes like mall food court Chinese, 2 stars for ok service and clean bathrooms
Food was amazing!! But we waited for two hours because they don't take reservations, and don't do call ahead seating. Their waiting area can Hold about 7 people comfortably but they are always so packed so it's gets pretty claustrophobic. But they definitely deserve four stars for the food.
I was looking for a quick, cheap dinner in the East Village and craving authentic Chinese food.  Han Dynasty was the absolutely optimal choice.Since I was dining solo, the staff asked if I wanted to sit at the bar.  I obliged and was seated immediately.  It was before 6 PM on a Friday and the place was already starting to fill up.I ordered the spicy crunchy cucumber appetizer and the Dan Dan Noodles; since you have the option to modify the spicy level, I requested it be kicked up to an 8 or 9 (out of 10).The Noodles came first and a friendly gentleman mixed them together with a spicy sauce.  It was a generous portion and the sauce, seasoning, and pork intermingled so well together.The cucumbers arrived shortly thereafter, doused in another delicious chili sauce, and the perfect complement to the noodles.My water glass never went empty and I was pleased with the prompt service.  The price was right and, by the time I left, there were no seats left -- including the entire bar.Not only will I go back, this will become my mainstay.  I haven't had better Chinese food in Manhattan, not even in Chinatown.
Love!!  If only this place existed when I went to NYU back in the day... I'd be a regular. Everything we ordered was good, particularly the beef & tripe in chili oil and the three cup chicken (although it could have been a tad bit less sweet).  Prices are very reasonable.  Got there early at around 6:30 but by the time we left, there were a bunch of people waiting for tables.
This place is amazing. Beef cumin style and chicken fried with peppers is the best!!! Also the dumplings in oil sauce tastes incredible. Cheap, quick service, and great location!! Highly recommended!!!!
First off, this review has nothing to do with the service, which was friendly and attentive.Also, this review is based off of just a single trip during which I tried only two dishes, so please take it with an extra large grain of salt. I had the wontons in chili oil and the beef "hot sauce style" (often known as braised beef in chili sauce/oil in other Szechuan places).Wontons were excellent -- tender meat, fresh scallions, chili oil just the right degree of tart and sweet to go with the spicy.The hot sauce style beef was poor. Not even so much because the dish wasn't as spicy or as infused with Szechuan peppercorn flavor as it should have been, but because the beef didn't taste like it was part of the dish. It was a bit tough and stringy, but worst of all it was bland -- it tasted very much like it had been mixed into the sauce at the last minute, The place seems to be trying to cater to people who have little/no experience with Chinese food outside of the Americanized stuff.If you're those people, know that there are at least two MUCH better Szechuan restaurants within 15 minutes walking distance -- Hot Kitchen on 2nd Ave and especially Legend on 7th Ave between 15th  and 16th streets.Those places are also not as comically overpriced as Han Dynasty. Many of the dishes -- appetizers and cold dishes especially -- are priced 1.5-2x times what they are at other (higher quality) NYC Szechuan restaurants. For example, the wontons in chili oil were $10 -- and the portion wasn't any bigger than what you get elsewhere for usually ~$5-6.Go for the $8 lunch, if you must give it a try.P.S. Decor is corporate mid-scale, like a fancy Starbucks
This is a great Chinese Szechuan restaurant, I recommend you some Sichuan snacks, they are Sichuan classic. Very delicious, and te price is okay.1.Beef & Tripe In Chili Oil. In Chna the name is Fuqi Fei Pian.2. Dumplings In Chili Oil.3.Spring Rolls.4.Dan Dan Noodles.In short, this is a very authentc Szecuan restaurant, I love it.
After visiting their restaurant in Philly, we decided to the NYC one after reading some positive reviews. I'll just get to the point.  I think the food is OK. We ordered dandan noodles, dry fried chicken, and mapo tofu.  They were all on the spicy side (not a complaint, they were marked spicy on the menu, warned by the waiter, and we love spicy food).Dandan noodle was good.  We got it with the meat and it definitely added to the overall flavor of the dish. The noodle was soft and thick, enough portion for two people. The reason for the 3 star is simply due to too much "malac (sp?)" or the peppercorn they use in their food. It was just too much of it that we couldn't taste anything after 5 minutes.  I wish that I can describe the food more, but it was just all the same after few bites.  Service gets 4 stars.  Attentive and friend!I think I'll try different places next time!
WOW! Delicious, piping hot chinese cuisine served fast and with a smile.  Try the Dan Dan Noodles...fantastic. Also had Kung Pao shrimp, and a chicken dish, though I forget exactly what (it was great too).  Scallion pancakes were top notch, fluffy and chewy but without the grease that you get in other places.  We were a party of 3, and went at about 1:30 this past Sunday, Aug 28th.  We waited maybe 3 minutes before getting a seat though during our meal I did notice that the line for a table started to back out the door on to 3rd ave.  I would not have expected that on a late August Sunday in NYC when most of the cool and groovy peeps are on Fire Island or in the Hamptons, and especially this particular week, where so many others go on vacation leading in to the Memorial Day holiday.  My point is, if it was this crowded in the middle of the afternoon on a random Sunday when Manhattan is at its emptiest, then if you do go to Han Dynasty (and you SHOULD), then be patient.  The turnover is relatively quick and the food is worth it.  Prices are also very reasonable. Enjoy!
This place is always packed and is impossible to go in during the weekend.  The place is so small that it is hard to stand inside waiting for a table.  It is best to go with small party, like 2 people.  But the dishes are amazing, they are very well seasoned and flavorful.  Servers are not super attentive due to the volume of customers and how packed the place is.  Definitely go on a weeknight if possible to avoid the craziness.
It is a small restaurant with excellent Chinese Food. Service is OK & prices are very reasonable!  Just go and eat there - you won't be disappointed.
Chinese fast food with restaurant price. Fast but poor quality.This is New York City. No need to go here.As an Asian, I've eaten at many chinese restaurants in nyc. This is far below standard.Food is greasy. 2 days later, I still feel the grease in my stomach.Dry pepper chicken ($14) tastes like frozen chicken nugget and heavily breaded. Not entirely sure if there is chicken meat.Dan-dan noodle ($8) is like overcooked instant noodle that you can buy for $1 a packet.Service in chinese restaurants in general is poor. This one is worse.
Han Dynasty made me a believer in the NY restaurant scene again. Yes that's a bit of an exaggeration but too many dinners of late had been wasted on overrated trattorias and underwhelming "farm-to-table" mediocrity and then BOOM Han Dynasty shook all of my senses & jolted me back to life. My tastebuds reenergized.My friend and I sat at the bar and took down the dan dan noodles, spicy cucumber cubes (crack), pork dry pot (spice level 8), dry pepper chicken. I would easily get all of these items again. But also know that there are a myriad of other combinations of deliciousness and spice that will be just as good, if not better, and i can't wait to try.That's the basis of why this place is so good- consistency. I have full confidence that Han Dynasty will prepare & serve us whatever plentiful, addictive flavor we're in the mood for at the time- and do so at a cost that's a total steal in this city. Both my friend and I took 3 containers of leftovers with us after this meal, fully satisfied, walking triumphantly back to our homesteads with our heads held high.
Good food, cosy atmosphere and a surprisingly good beer selection. Enjoyed a tasty lunch here on a weekday. Recommend the kung pao tofu and the veggie lo mein. Also the dry pepper shrimp. Beware if garlic isn't your thing though - liberal use in most dishes.
I was in the area for the day and just wanted to look for some chinese food for lunch so I really wasn't looking for anything over the top.The food was great and reasonably priced but what really impressed me was the gentleman at the register named David.He was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and gave me some suggestions on what to eat. His service was out of this world and he was incredibly polite, very attentive, and quick. This type of service has definitely won me over and I will definitely be coming back. This man deserves a raise!
I'm in NY for work for a couple days, and a local friend of mine took me here, said it was the best Chinese in the city. A bold claim but  not one I'd necessarily argue with. We got there at 7;45 on a cold, snowy night, and the place was packed. We got lucky and pulled a place at the bar in about 15 minutes. For apps we ordered the spicy cucumber and dumplings in chili oil.  Both were awesome. The cucumbers (and take into account, I don't generally care for cucumber that much) we're really good - lots of heat, but good flavor, not just burn. The heat was balanced really well guy the freshness of the cucumber (also, beer helped). The dumplings were in my top 2 ever, absolutely delicious. Tons of flavor in the chili oil sauce, and a good number of dumplings. For entrees, he had the garlic sauce style tofu, I had the long hot pepper style chicken. I didn't try much of his tofu (not my thing), but the sauce and veggies in it were great. My chicken was awesome - tons of flavor, spicy but not overpowering, lots of scallions and peppers to go with the chicken, and just generally awesome. I can't say for sure it's the best in NY, but I can say it was really, really damn good, and well worth walking half an hour in the awful weather that night.
Best Szechuan i have ever had. The Dan Dan noodles and Dry Pepper Chicken are a MUST..
2.5 stars Sichuan food! Not as spicy as I was expecting it to be granted that I was sick when I came here so maybe my sickness masked some of it. We got the pepper fried chicken which was way too fatty and too fried (if that's even possible) it could have been spicier, we got the Dan Dan noodles which were the saving grace of this place. It was AMAZINg. Great flavor although it could use a bit more peanut butter sauce. And then we go the dry pepper pot with fish. Not enough heat to it! Too much fish.. And not enough vegis. The rice was good though and the service was not the greatest since it was 7pm and I guess they wanted to get as many people in as possible. Not a bad place for a quick catch up dinner but sadly I would say that the restaurant isn't super authentic. I love the view though bc I can see my freshman year dorm for the seats and brings me back great memories of sharing closets and rooms that could only fit twin sized beds with no walking room.
Went there with some foodie co workers.  It was a magical night shared by four dedicated patrons of the food world.  The dan dan noodle appetizer is big enough for two grown men, don't listen to the waiters.Just as advertised, this is Szechuan cuisine.  Everything we ordered were generously lacquered with Szechuan peppers and drenched in the fiery oil slick of hot oil.  If you are into this kind of thing, this is your place.  Growing up in a Korean household, we've had our experience with spicy food.  Until I came to this establishment, I had yet to feel my lips and my tongue tingle and numb out.  It was a life changing experience that I will be revisiting.Try the beef and tripe, they do a great job cleaning the tripe so it's very flavorful especially drenched in the hot oil.  Make sure you wear something that breathes, preferably cotton.  You will sweat out all night, that's a good thing for your skin and pores.On a side note, right before I wrote this review my co worker texted me that he was in the mood for some dan dan noodles.  God bless him.
They put the NASTY in Dynasty. Han Dynasty? More like Handy-NASTY. So gross! Ew yuck ew ew ;)Bland flavors, fatty and greasy - we tossed our takeout a third of the way through eating. Had no idea how this place can have such good reviews. I never write Yelp reviews but I have to warn others to be careful about ordering from here
I'm a pretty avid Sichuan food eater - that being said - this place was decent but definitely Americanized. The scallion pancakes are good and so are the Dan Dan noodles. I don't even usually like Dan Dan noodles, because I'm more of a cold spicy noodles type of gal but I ordered it anyways since people keep raving about them and glad I did! They are a bit peanut buttery too. I will go to Han Dynasty just to order the dan dan noodles, but lately they have been kinda inconsistent. They are always tasting differently than the first time :( Sometimes too spicy, sometimes not spicy enough.The dry pepper fish was disappointing. It was fried waaaay too much and very greasy, tailored to American tastes I suppose. Also, the spice levels are not that spicy. It could definitely be spicier than the hottest level of spice. I would definitely order takeout or delivery from this spot. It is so loud and kinda smelly inside and extremely crowded. Also, the food tastes better in take-out/delivery somehow.Overall, an OK place but will keep searching for the magical Sichuan NYC spot.
We went for the $35 tasting menu (party of 8) and it did not disappoint.  There were a couple dishes that some of us did not care for (which could be attributed to personal taste preferences), but the food was excellent overall.  We were served 18 courses in all.  Keep in mind that Szechuan cuisine is spicy, but they will adjust the level of spiciness upon request -- that said, I would highly recommend experiencing (all) food in its most authentic state, after all this is a TASTING.  No one will leave hungry and most, if not all, will leave barely able to breath afterwards.  After a couple bottles of wine, some beers, and gratuity, we paid $60 per person.  The service was very attentive and we could not have had a better experience.  Make sure to call ahead to make tasting reservations (they will require a credit card to secure the reservations).  The minimum is 8 people.
Just go for the food. It's really tasty and I can assure you that your taste buds will have a gala time. Don't go here if you want exceptional service; they really don't care on that level. We have come here 4 times and all 4 times we have had the strangest of service. Sometimes your food comes together and all hot..sometimes it's one dish comes and the other will take another 20 minutes to arrive. In terms of portion we feel they are doing some cost cutting- slightly stingy on the portion- especially the fish and meat.
When they write spicy next to a menu item here, they truly mean it. It actually reached the point where the dishes were so spicy I may have numbed out from the whole experience. The food was fantastic, however, and for those who love spiciness as well as quick service, this is the place.We had:the bok choy with mushrooms- a wonderfully brothy and non spicy dish, the spicy beef appetizer (almost like a szechuan version of beef cold cuts)scallion pancakes- these were delightfully flaky and not very greasy (could have used a few more sprinkles of scallions)the famed dan dan noodles- the texture was nice, but not as springy as I was hoping for- the meat sauce complimented the floury flavor of the noodles
Good, cheap Szechuan food, good for a lively meal given the environment and the spiciness of the food.I stopped by at 6 PM without a reservation on a weekday as part of a group of three, and we were seated fairly quickly, but it filled up fairly quickly soon thereafter, so I recommend getting there early to avoid a wait. We split an order of the dan dan noodles and the beef and tripe, both of which were quite good, particularly the beef and tripe. The latter is fairly spicy, while the noodles are not. As for entrees, we ordered the double cooked pork, the hot sauce style tofu, and the bok choy and mushrooms. While the bok choy is pretty standard (although good), the double cooked pork is very tasty, and I thought the tofu was also above average and not too spicy. The service is pretty quick (perhaps necessary due to there being a long line), and the ambiance is pretty lively since it's pretty full of people.Overall, it's good quality, cheap Szechuan food, and I would definitely be willing to come back with small groups.
I had high expectations because I love the Han Dynasty locations in Philly but this location failed me miserably. We ordered a few items for delivery around 6pm on a Thursday night. They notified us that it would be delivered in 45 minutes, which we didn't mind. But once 45 minutes passed, there was no knock at the door. We called again to check the status and they told us the food wasn't even ready yet........ And once the food was ready it would take another 15 minutes to deliver it.........Need I say more? I don't think so. End of story.
I only heard of Han Dynasty because it was opening this NYC location, so I didn't know anything about it other than it's a popular Philadelphia restaurant and Sichuan.  I expected more for the buzz that this place is getting. I've walked by seeing people waiting outside, and going early is the key to a short wait.  I went on a Monday at 6:30 and was seated right away at a table for 2 even though my friend was not there yet.  Only 1/3 of the tables were full.  Within 20 minutes, all tables had filled and a wait list had built up. Water and a pot of tea came out right away as well as the food once we ordered.  Would have liked a refill on tea to warm up the pot.  Wait staff communication was limited. Some menu items didn't have a description.  The Shifu Special section lists different protein choices like beef or chicken, but nothing else.  When I asked what a Shifu Special was, our waiter either didn't know or know how to explain and just pointed to other sections of the menu.  So we never found out what it was.We ended up getting:Dan dan noodles - this came out first and looked boring without much color.  There was ground meat and noodles coated in a spicy peanut sauce.  Don't remember any greens like scallions or pickles.  Since it was the first item we ate, it was spicy and matched the heat rating on the menu.  But the heat became undetectable when the other dishes arrived and the only flavor we could taste became just the peanut.Beef tendon cold appetizer - large pieces of tendon that have been shaved thin and coated in chili oil.  Spicy with hint of numbing sensation and too salty.  There was a flavor that I couldn't identify that is neither good or bad.  I could feel crunch of the crystals of whatever was used for seasoning...not sure that it was salt. Dare I say MSG?Double cooked pork belly - wasn't very spicy and practically all leek.  So much leek that the shaved pork belly ribbons were hidden.  And the pork belly was overcooked and tough.Other tables got wings which looked good, but we missed it on the menu.Unlikely to return based on the food we had that night.
I love that Han Dynasty is in East Village, where there's a shortage of non-fusion Chinese restaurants. It's the little things - quality ingredients, refined technique - that make this restaurant stand out from your typical Chinese place. I always get the dan dan noodles when I'm here. The noodles are cooked to a perfectly chewy softness, which complements the spicy creaminess of the sauce. Personally I love that the peanut butter flavor is so prominent in Han Dynasty's version of the dish, because it reminds me of the cold noodles my mom made for me growing up. The fuqi fei pian (beef and tripe in chili oil) is numbingly hot and goes well mixed with rice.However, the surprise star here is the dry pepper chicken wings appetizer. Crispy skin on the outside, juicy meat on the inside, and extremely spicy all around, these are the most well-cooked wings I've ever eaten. Better than any Korean fried chicken restaurant for sure. Han Dynasty's founder, Han Chiang, was featured on an episode of Vice's Munchies YouTube series, "Chef's Night Out," and the guy seems like quite a character who really knows his food.
All I can say it's about time we started getting some authentic Chinese food places in this country. I hope the Americanized diluted cultural restaurant trend of the 20th century is on its way out. My husband and I stopped by around 12:15pm on a Saturday to snag the last 2 bar seats. There was about a 15 minute wait for a table at that point. By around 12:45pm, the table requests had poured in, and the wait time was now approaching an hour. So get there early, and do lunch instead of dinner, and you'll have no problem at this hot spot.There is a decent variety of options on the menu, each with a spice level listed. The highest we got up to was (6), which was totally manageable. The spice levels are Americanized, not Szechuan-spicy, so don't be afraid.We tried the dan dan noodles per fellow Yelpers suggestions, and they came out first. There was a strong peanut taste, with the sauce texture skirting the line of chalkiness. It was not chalky, but it was on the way there. The noodles were similar to spaghetti, and once the sauce was mixed in, I could see why this was so popular.We also tried the twice cooked pork belly with leeks, which came with a side of rice. The pork belly was fantastically seasoned, and paired well with the leeks, although some of the pieces were too large for chopsticks. When you have pork belly and chopsticks, you have to keep the pieces smaller. The pork belly is practically impossible to cut with the chopsticks, and I felt like I was chewing the larger pieces forever.Our last dish was the string beans with minced pork, and this was a success too. The salty, crispy flecks of pork were a nice complement to the savory string beans. We ordered the amount recommended by our server, but we were able to take some leftovers home. So needless to say, I'm pretty excited that Han Dynasty is finally here in New York, and also that they do takeout!
My favorite Szechuan place in the city so far - my favorites are the dumplings soaked in chili oil, dan dan noodles are a must, dry pepper chicken (kinda like popcorn chicken but lighter and better) and chinese cabbage. The food is pretty authentic, no "fusion" here. They have levels of spicy that you can choose, we made the mistake of going with the most spicy Dan dan noodles our first time and our mouths were burning after the second bite so we pick a couple levels down now so that we can actually taste and enjoy the rest of our meal. I've only been here with the bf and the wait has always been reasonable (give or take ~15 min) because we come early but we've seen the people pile up during dinner time.
I'm going to go against the grain and only give this place 3 stars.  Stopped by here with 2 friends on a Sunday night at 6:00. We ordered1.) Dan Dan Noodles - highlight of the evening,might had had too much peanut sauce on it.2.) Dumplings in chili oil -average, could of had more than 1/2 a teaspoon of filling each.3.) Cold rabbit with peanuts and chili oil - Do NOT order this unless you want so much sichuan peppercorn that your tongue will go numb for the rest of the evening. I'm not sure how anyone would eat this.4.) Dry pot with beef  - supposed to be a 10 on the spice scale, but was really just a 4 at best.5.) Pickled Chili style tofu -  This was good.
CONS :  this place is SO LOUD you can't hear yourself think.  People are screaming at each other to be heard. It makes it very unpleasant to eat there.  By the time you have had your appetizer, you want to leave because you can't take the noise and you can't talk to your dinner companion. Seriously, we would have ordered more food but we had to leave because we couldn't take screaming at each other over the table anymore.    Pros:  the food is really very good.  Wait staff is nice. i would have given the place 5 stars if the noise wasn't so overbearing.
We thoroughly enjoyed the crispy cucumbers, dan dan noodles, and dry pepper style with chicken. Everything we had was at least somewhat spicy, so it's nice that they refilled our water frequently! This place was super crowded around dinner time, which probably is a decent indicator of how awesome their food is. The seating by the walls can get a little crowded/inconvenient when getting in and out of your seat. That said, the food was amazing and worth the wait/inconvenience, in my opinion.
The dry pepper chicken wings are phenomenal. I ate as take out and dipped them in ranch+hot sauce. Unreal. Will definitely order again.
I would recommend going with a group of 4+.  They have so many dishes to try and even with 4, I found myself wanting to order more.  On Friday's it gets busy, but there are bar's nearby you can go to after putting your name down.  A great thing is they text you when your table is ready.
I got the famous Dan Dan Noodles. But, I have to say it is not worth $8+. It is too sweet, American style Dan Nan Noodles.I will not recommend it to my friends.
We ordered the spicy crispy cucumber, the (veg) dan dan noodles, and kung pao shrimp. All were disappointing. The cucumber was interesting - fresh and crunchy, but kind of drowned in an orange sauce, and a bit sweet to boot. The dan dan noodles had a sort of overwhelming soy flavor and were super oily (though it didn't stop me from eating a ton of it b/c I love dan dan noodles so much). And the kung pao shrimp  was just average. The service though was kind and quick, the decor comfortable, and the dishes are decently priced.
Excellent all around.  Great atmosphere, service, and food.  Good portions to share family style at an affordable price.
Good food overall and a very popular restaurant. The lines on the evenings and weekends can be hours long, but I went for lunch during the week and we got a table right away. We ordered the pea leaves, but instead got a spinach. Wrong order, but the vegetable was still good, so we didn't complain. Of the mains we ordered, I would definitely recommend the Cumin Lamb entree. It has excellent flavor and is not too spicy.
I LOVE this place. I've been looking for a good chinese restaurant since Chinatown Brasserie closed down, and I've finally found this. I get almost the same dishes every time I come (and I"ve been a lot of times). The apps are awesome. I LOVE the Dan dan noodles and the kung pao tofu. I sometimes come and just get the both of those. They are always packed - not surprised but sitting at the bar is comfortable and quick. Service is quick and efficient. Great place.
Looks like any place else from the outside, but a great authentic Szechuan restaurant awaits your entry. Had the Scallion pancakes (crisp, light, no hint of excess oil) and the Salt and Pepper Shrimp (very light coating). I dine in and take out and both are great. One of the best Chinese choices in NYC.
So gooooood! Opted for this place on a weeknight for party of four and wait was about an hour (sadly). Good thing was that it wasn't cold that night and I had great company so I didn't mind the wait. My friends and I ordered a few dishes and shared it family-style to try everything out and I was not disappointed. I definitely recommend the dan dan noodles much like everyone else that has reviewed this place thus far. I have to point out that there was great service here! One of my friends can't eat pork and we didn't know that prior to ordering the dan dan noodles dish. Although we didn't mention it, our server overheard us and came back with a vegetarian version of the dan dan noodles. The veggie one had a different taste but was tasty nonetheless and we were blown away by the kindness of our server. I also had the claypot chicken (which was supposed to be super spicy but wasn't too bad for me because I have pretty high tolerance, scallion pancakes (great but nothing too special), and the bok choy with mushrooms. All in all, this was a pretty affordable meal with super great noms!
I really enjoyed Han Dynasty. We went on weekend afternoon and it wasn't crowded at all (although that was likely because everyone was watching the World Cup elsewhere). We ordered several dishes recommended on Yelp, Foursquare, and NYMag's Cheap Eats list: chili oil dumplings, bok choy and mushrooms, cumin lamb, dan dan noodles. All SO good. Food arrived quickly although at different times. Spicy but not overwhelming. I love spice but I'm sure you can ask for it to be adjusted in either direction. I want to go back and order more things off the menu. Cheap too! When it was all said and done I think we spent $40 between the two of us and we were beyond satisfied.
Great and delicious food! We ordered 2 dishes it was a lot. And the food was delicious will definitely come back.The only thing is that we had to wait for 35 min  but it went fast.
If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. The people that work here are SO unprofessional and rude...including stealing my friend's phone, treating us like we were acting obnoxious in the restaurant (the entire restaurant was loud because of St. Patty's Day), and just be downright nasty. Luckily my friend got her phone back, but this establishment is filled with awful people.Three stars on the food.
The one star reviews at this place are truly appalling. This is a superior casual Chinese restaurant that serves food in Szechuan style, which is supposed to be fresh, spicy, and delicious. If you're looking for Mandarin, Chinese food, do not come here.The biggest downside about Han Dynasty is that there is always a wait for a table. This is because the food is spectacular! The Dan Dan Noodles are so fresh and supple. The wontons are unbelievable it their flavours, and the the tofu dishes are literally perfect, crisply exterior with a flavourful and soft inside. The table service is not the nicest experience because the place is in high demand and the waitstaff are literally busting their butts getting food out. This isn't a place to waste time on your phones or chat over a round of drinks while you decide what to eat. Order first knowing that the food will be prepared fresh and with care, there will be plenty of time for conversation, drinks, and texting while you wait. Normally at this stage I would give a place like this 4-stars. The thing that bumps it over to 5-stars is the insane price to value ratio. This place is so affordably priced! Dinner for 2 under $30 + tip with food of this calibre is simply unheard of in Asian cuisine here in the US. They even throw in hot jasmine tea for free! You might might be able to find a restaurant that is slightly better in one of these metrics, but I challenge anyone to find a competing restaurant that is better in all respects. For me Han Dynasty is the benchmark for quality Szechuan Chinese food!
You guys, I am in-love. I was here with a group of people (6) and we had some waiting time. Fortunately,  the people I was with had been here many times and seemed to be regulars with the manager/owner so she greeted us and tabled us promptly. It was my first time and was told this place gets really busy and lines can be long.First we had the dan dan noodles and the spicy crispy cucumber. These two dishes was the most memorable for me. Spicy dishes but sooo good. We then had two other meat dishes, 3 cup chicken, and a dish I can't remember the name of.This place takes only up to three credit cards hah, but any place who takes cards is a plus on my list. It also has a bar and it's a pretty good list. Their wine selection looked like they have a variety. Spicy food so beware.
Best Sichuan in the city!!Pros: the food is delicious! The flavors are soooo yummy. The fried wontons and the dan dan noodles are my favorite! Cons: gets very busy so order take out or delivery! I wish they were on seamless :(
I wasn't that impressed with the food but the service was excellent. It felt the food was rushed and the focused was on quantity rather than quality.  We had the dan dan noodles, pickled vegetables, wonton soup and spicy pork wok dish.  They are very impressive with their spices and create some great flavors but lack on the quality of ingredients makes it feel like it's just good Chinese with hot pepper sauce.
1.5/3.0 for food; 1.5/2.0 for serviceDan dan noodles - disappointing, noodles were soggy and even somewhat slimy, nothing special in terms of the taste, not spicySpicy cucumbers - decent, super garlicky, wasn't that spicyDumplings in chili oil - dumplings were nothing special, the chili oil is probably the only thing saving the dish but also not that spicy
Solid representation of Sichuan food but not the best in the city.  We had a group of 10 so we were able to try many dishes.  Started with the Dan Dan noodles. We ordered one mild and spicy and asked the waiter which one was the spicy and he mixed it up! So when we ordered a third noodle, we mistakenly asked for extra spicy because the spicy wasn't hot at all and received something that made our mouths burn with fire.  Took me a good 15 minutes alternating between rice and water to get the heat out of my mouth. We also had the Beef Tendon in Chili Oil and Chilled Cucumber - both of which were tasty but once again, not the best I've had in NYFor entrees we tried a variety of other dishes such as the cabbage with dry peppers (not spicy and a good compliment to the hotter dishes), Dry pepper style chicken (yum!), Crispy Rice with pork (good), and the seafood hot pot (mediocre).  If this place didn't have a wait, I would consider returning but given the long lines I rather go to one of the other hidden Sichuan gems in NY!
Came here for dinner, were seated relatively quickly although we had to share the table (no problem for me).Three of us ordered:1) fu qui fei pian [Best thing we ordered, sliced thin and spicy the right way, 5/5]2) scallion pancakes [Okay, 3/5]3) dan dan noodles [Solid production, 4/5]4) twice cooked pork belly [Pretty good, would have preferred it more thinly cut. Also the lean/fat ratio was off. 4/5]5) dry pepper shrimp [Wasn't expecting fried breaded shrimp, the biggest disappointment of the meal 2/5]I might go back, but not before trying out some other Sichuanese places in Manhattan.
My friends and I walked 7 blocks to have lunch there. I have to say the food is so-so. The only amazing-level dish we ordered was the fish soup. As a native Chinese, I have to say the Chinese food there was definitely Americanized. There were a lot of better Chinese restaurants in NYC.
Excellent food that's super spicy and not for the faint of heart. We had the Dan Dan noodles, wontons in chilli oil, wings and cumin beef and everything was delicious. Even though it was crazy busy tonight, the staff were really friendly and efficient. Can't wait to go again!
Yum. So good. Passing through NY. Saw good reviews. Came on a Friday night. Super crowded--gotta do a reservation to get a table. We sat at the bar which was fine. Saw the rave over the Dan Dan noodles. We soon figured out why. It's a little spicy for us wimpy folk, but compiled with the delicious sweet and sour chicken over crispy rice, and you are set. So delicious. Would return again. First time having this type cuisine. And couldn't have had a better experience.
This was my first visit and i had to walk a bit, with a cane, to get here. Although I was greeted at the door nobody offered to show me to a seat. The 60 seat restaurant was empty except for 3 people, so I grabbed a corner seat by the window. Suddenly I got attention from an employee who asked me to move because I was seated at a 4-top. Almost all the tables in the place are 4-tops. So even though I was walking with a cane, and there were more than 50 available seats, I had to get up and move. I wonder if I  would have been seated at all if all the 2-tops were taken. Nice first impression.
OMG, this place is delicious!!! I ordered Dan Dan noodle, dry pot chicken, and pea tip. Dan Dan noodle is a little over cooked and tasted a little dry, but it is seasoned perfectly. Dry pot chicken and pea tip are both very yummy. I went there on a Wednesday and it is very busy, so be prepared to wait in the line if you go there at popular hours.
I've been here several times now and I think I'm finally ready to weigh in. A criticism I've heard of Han Dynasty is that it simplifies (and sometimes sweetens) Szechuan food to make it more palatable to a wider audience. Szechuan is one of my favorite cuisines and I know what flavors to expect-- I haven't found the flavor profiles at Han Dynasty to be any weaker or less complex than those you might find at Szechuan Gourmet or Legend or Lan Sheng. They might be a little on the sweeter side and a little more forgiving to Western palates, but so what? I have tried the mapo tofu and the dan dan noodles (among other things, but as a lowest common denominator) at all the aforementioned restaurants and I can say pretty securely that they are all very different but they are all good. Han Dynasty's food exists on a spectrum with those restaurants, and while it might be a little more focused on heat, and sometimes slightly sweeter, don't dismiss it just because it's hip and they have craft beer-- it's great food, and none of the creative changes to the dishes make it any less authentic Szechuan.The mapo tofu is a particularly standard take on the dish-- not stand out, but very competently done and a great introduction for someone that hasn't had it before. The dan dan noodles are a real stand out, with crispy, flavorful pork, a great spice balance, and a nice amount of toasty sesame flavor. I also appreciate that your server will toss the noodles for you tableside, since people often have the problem eating dan dan noodles that all the sauce goes to the bottom.If you want to spend a little money, the cumin style dishes are excellent. I've only had the lamb but I have it on good authority that the others are also great (why mess around though, get the lamb).Why isn't it a 5-star? Well, it's not the cheapest Szechuan place and I have to admit, when I am there I am conscious of the fact that I could be going elsewhere, getting a great Szechuan meal, and paying a lot less. A lot of the tables are also very close together, so I often find myself wishing I had a little more privacy while there. Finally, there's often a wait but I can't fault them too hard for success. I do recommend going on the earlier side if you want to sit down right away, from 5-6 there are usually plenty of open tables.
The place is alright. Food has a lot of flavor which is plus but everything is very oily. We dried Dan dan noodles and Dry pepper chicken as recommended by most of the people. I think if you are a big group and sharing all the different things then it is a good place. But having a whole entree for ur self can be overwhelming because of the oil and strong flavor.
Great dumplings !!!!  Very yummy and cheap :)
A sampling of opinions on Han(Dy) Nasty:"We got a HOT one tonight! Dude, I liked what you did with the starters but the rest of the evening was a little bit pitchy for me."-Randy Jackson"You showed versatility in your menu crossing over Taiwanese and Sichuan dishes and you stayed true to your Philly roots. Your take on Sichuan food is needed in this town"-Paula Abdul"If you are considered the best Sichuan restaurant in town, then we, as NY eaters have failed. The three cup chicken and Kung Pao chicken was about as relevant as my local China Wok's take. The cumin lamb is a soggy, greasy catastrophe. Missing the fragrant toastiness of the spice, it was a bit like ordering a hamburger and only getting the bun."-Simon Cowell"At least a 45 minute wait for a table??? Nothing can be that good!"-The disgruntled New Yorker who does not wait for anything"Well, as for the much touted Dan dan noodles they were habit forming sweet and creamy but I was also hoping for the vinegary backbone of iterations elsewhere. Double cooked pork belly was bland as were my salt and pepper shrimp. I'll just stick to the Ma Po Tofu, String Beans and Beef noodle as my current faves. A perfectly good spot to meet up with friends who haven't heard of Legend, La Vie or those that don't want to ride the 7 out to Flushing."-Slightly wary anonymous. Does not like waiting in line for Chinese. "Please don't hate me Dave H!"-Anonymous who likes Mr. Everywhere.
AUTHENTIC Sezchuanese food! 四川餐馆: 挺地道的。。。通过四川家庭批准。。。通过，通过！Wow, I should have filmed my dad as he gave his commentary about the food here when he tried every dish as it came lol. I took my family here this weekend and they loved it! We're from Chengdu (a province in Sichuan) and he said that Han Dynasty was the best he's ever had of all the different restaurants we've ate that served "Sezchuanese" cuisine in the U.S. (Not comparing with Flushing)The Double Cooked Pork (回锅肉) was very authentic, and the Dan Dan Noodles (担担面）did NOT disappoint (usually it does, as my family knows how to make the real thing and most places just make a lame attempt with chili oil). My dad still makes it better, but he was impressed. In Chengdu, the flavor is not just about the spice although everything is spicy...but it's about the general appeal of the whole balance. They did well. They also had mung bean noodles （凉粉） too (which are opalescent jelly like noodles...the best ever) and it was really delicious. Win win win. The sour fish soup (酸菜鱼）was excellent too, and the dry pot beef （干锅肉） was tender and delicious too. We also had the chili oil dumplings （红油水饺） - really tasty, perfectly textured dumpling skins. My parents also loved the pinot noir we had, and found it to be a pretty good wine. Great!
This place is legit! I usually don't write a review until I'm convinced so here I am! Get the Dan Dan noodles for sure and don't forget their dumplings in chili sauce. Also we tried the Dry Pot Style with chicken, simply exceptional. No matter what you get here it'll be good and I promise it'll be the best comfy food the day after a long night of drinking! Did I tell you the food serving is more than you can eat so go with a good size group and bring your appetite.
I was really skeptical with my fiance's enthusiasm over coming here for a meal. I love spicy, but never been a huge fan of Chinese food generally. Well, I am converted. This was incredibly delicious. Skip the spring rolls, fast forward to the scallion pancakes and dry chilli tofu. I couldn't stop eating it. So incredibly good. Lots of garlic, chili, and ginger. Addictive. We'll be back!
A friend who lives around the neighborhood recommended this place to me.  I've never heard of it before but I checked on Yelp and the reviews were mostly positive so we decided to check the place out. If you are trying to get a complete dining experience this is not the place for you.  However, if you like great Szechuan food, this place is pretty on good. We got there around 6:30 pm and got a seat right away.  May be an hour later there was already a wait for tables.  Perfect timing.  We ordered the dan dan noodles, the pork belly in garlic sauce, the scallion pancakes, the three cup chicken.  Food came very very quickly (which is what you would expect from a busy chinese restaurant who wants to turn over tables quickly).  We didn't mind it cause we were very hungry.  I especially liked the dan dan noodles.  It had just the right amount of spice.  Also, the pork belly in garlic sauce was delicious.  My friend claims she can drink the sauce it was that good. The least of our favorite was the three cup chicken, despite many reviews stating it's good.  I guess it all depends.  It was cooked with star anise which isn't my favorite spice to begin with. To me it tasted bland.  If I ever have a craving for Szechuan food, I will definitely visit this place again.
OH MY GOSH!!! All the reviews are right about the chili oil. There is magic in it. Order wontons in chili, Dan Dan noodles, eggplant (sweetest and tastiest I've ever had), and the dry pepper chicken. Out of this world Chinese and I've spent a lot of time in China. You won't regret ordering from here, it's worth waiting 1.5 hours for delivery.
This review is for takeout lunch.  I got the dan dan noodles and dry pepper chicken and both were certainly not worth the hype or the trek from Queens.  I have tried the original Han Dynastys in PA and the food here is sub par. The chicken was overcooked and tasted burnt while the noodles were soggy-hopefully the food is better during dinner hours. NO wonder this place got ZERO stars from the NYT.Grand Sichuan Eastern has MUCH better dan dan noodles.
Try beef noodle soup but not the spicy ones- they are just way too spicy. However, the none spicy beef noodle soup is great. Seafood soup is great too. Taiwan sausage is a nice pick. Spicy fish soup is a good choice if you limit to minimum spicy level. Beef tendons are great as well.
A friend lives directly across the street from the one in Manayunk, Philadelphia. I went every time I visited him because it is the best Asian food I have ever had.I was excited when the one in NY opened so I could get my fix for Dan dan noodles more often. This place is just as good as the ones in Philly and is great.Everything on the menu is good. Bring friends and order alot of different things.
I actually stumbled upon this place by accident without reading reviews anywhere... This place blew my mind!I think the best noodles I've ever had.You MUST try Dan Dan Noodles here! I wish I had more time in NY Id eat here a bunch more times. I really don't think you'll be disappointed.The service here is really great too.
Han Dynasty needs to install sound-deadening tiles. Imagine the noise of 48 people talking in a space the size of a kindergarten classroom, while bass-heavy smack-down music throbs out of 8 ceiling speakers.The Food-- Sesame Noodles: An ungarnished clump of dark noodles plopped in a red melamine bowl. The dish cries out for a garnish to add visual interest & textural contrast. Mr. Han, sprinkle on some scallions sliced on the bias or whole, toasted sesame seeds. And let's admit that melamine dishware is unappealing and possibly unfit for culinary use-- it's made from formaldehyde & plastic.Vegetable Soup: Prisoners would RIOT if soup this bland were given to them; and those rubbery mushrooms are probably from a can. Do people go to a restaurant to eat canned mushrooms?Look, I do not enjoy posting negative reviews; but I did not enjoy wasting my time & money at Han Dynasty. If restaurants will pay attention to criticism, they can increase their profit and be part of an honorable profession.
I lived in China on and off for a decade and am always on the lookout for good Chinese food, especially Sichuan or Hunan food, in New York. A friend and fellow former expat and I were among Han Dynasty's first customers when it opened in 2013; we were psyched about the good food and fun vibe. I frequented the place, often with groups of friends in tow, for the next year and a half. I also recommended it to friends who were looking for good Sichuan food. Sadly, not anymore; on my last visit, management made it abundantly clear that their priority is not the customer experience; it's turning tables. This is a pretty trivial incident, but it's enough for me to cross Han Dynasty off of my list and instead frequent the (many!) other good Sichuan places in the city:  Basically, on a busy Saturday, we happily waited for a table at Han Dynasty. When we sat, we ordered the dishes we'd come for, and devoured everything as soon as it arrived. Then we made a big mistake - we let them clear our plates. Five minutes later, the waiter indicated that we needed to leave. We hadn't even finished our beers! Thinking that there had been a misunderstanding, I went up to speak to the manager, letting him know that we had waited a very long time for the table, and although we cleaned our plates very fast (we were hungry!), we wanted to finish our drinks - I figured he would apologize and tell us to finish. Instead, apparently angry that I would question the policy, he told me he had to turn the table (he referenced their "cheap" prices) and that he had already notified the next people on the list that their table was ready. Unmoved by my appeals and completely unapologetic, he told the waitstaff to clear everything - even our unfinished beers. We offered to order another dish while we finished the drinks, but you can guess how well that went over.I understand the need to turn tables on a busy Saturday. But we waited for 90 minutes and sat at the table for 28 minutes (!). That's crazy, even for a restaurant that needs to turn tables fast. My advice for people who want spicy Chinese food: go down a few blocks to Hot Kitchen, which has great Sichuan food and is always friendly. For people who still want to try Han Dynasty: take advantage of the (obvious) loophole - don't let them clear your plates if you're done eating but want to finish your drinks. As soon as those plates are cleared, you're out.
Hans dynasty is somewhat new to NYC but has been a popular Chinese restaurant in the Phili area for a while. It is one of the few clean and well kept Chinese restaurants in the city. This does take away from the authentic Chinatown atmosphere I have learned to enjoy. It is the perfect spot for a Sunday night Chinese dinner with friends or a loved one. Being a quality chinese restaurant you might have to wait in line on a Sunday night. To start we ordered the wontons in chillin oil and the dan dan noodles. The wontons were filled with pork and when dipped in the spicy sauce very tasty. The dan dan noodles was the highlight of the meal. The noodles are thick, drenched in a delicious spicy sauce and topped with diced pork. For our entree we split the dry pepper chicken. I enjoyed this dish but the plate was filled with red pepper and not enough meat. The service was very good the waiter took time to explain the menu and tell us his personal favorites. Hans Dynasty is worth a try but I prefer Chinatown when looking for good Chinese.
Best Chinese food in the city. Dan Dan noodles and cold sesame are ridiculously good. Worth whatever wait they tell you at the door.
Not recommend! Bad bad bad service. The Asian waitress is so rude! I will never come here!
I went on a Wednesday night, and arrived around 6:30.. I had to wait a few minutes for my friend, and we were seated right away.Upon sitting down we were served tea, which they provide to everyone at no cost, which is a lovely touch. We started with dumplings in chili oil, which were just divine..perfectly cooked and just spicy enough (but not too spicy!). For our entrees, we shared Garlic Sauce Style Chicken, and increased the heat level to 4. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and just spicy enough. We also selected Pea Leaves with Garlic, which were perfectly cooked, and refreshing on a cold January day. I can't wait to go back.
Was okay only. Pork was very fatty. Not very impressed in all honesty. Dishes are hit or miss. Very spicy so be careful. Good dumplings though. Fast service but feels like you're being rushed. So I wouldn't go to stay and have a nice long dinner with friends.
Let me preface this review by saying I'm Chinese and I live in Chinatown. Yet I still find myself making my way uptown just to eat Han Dynasty. There's nothing like it in Chinatown. Yes it's a bit pricier but it's so worth it. I never fail to order these 2 things at Han. The Dan Dan noodles ($8.95) are a must and the scallion pancakes ($4.95). Then for entree, you can't go wrong with anything on their menu but my favorite is the double cooked style fish ($18). I've tried a lot of different dishes but that one is the real winner. Ooo the spicy chili wontons are good too! The service here is swift and I love it. If you order the Dan Dan noodles, it comes out 30 seconds later. I'm not exaggerating! Then your entree comes right after. It's like Santa's workshop back there in the kitchen! The food here really makes me happy. I'm actually glad it's not in Chinatown or else it would be way too accessible. Love it here! Keep up the great work guys!
Great spot in the East Village to fix your Sichuan cravings. I've come multiple times now with various party sizes and the service has always been consistent and attentive.Regarding the food, you can't really go wrong with anything here. With a bigger crowd, we'll typically do family style (dry hot pot, cumin lamb, green beans are our regular choices). When I just grab my own entree, I always go for the dan dan noodles. Never disappointed!
Our waiter was very patient with us - we wanted to know/order the signature, best-selling dishes. But we noticed it was all fried or served in chili oil so we wanted to know what else was good and a little lighter, kinder to our hearts. But the choices limited, little to none. We tried:Spicy crispy cucumber Dumplings in chili oilDan Dan noodlesDry pepper style chicken Spicy tofu fishA few bites of each dish was sufficient. The dishes were tasty but average. Nothing detesting but nothing impressive. Generally I like the cucumber dish but the sauce was very watery. Dumplings were skimpy on filling. Dan Dan noodles are always good but it is a heavy dish. Fried chicken is also always good. Once the fish came out (stew like dish), I felt like I almost had a heart attack.  Note to self: just don't order and eat too much next time
Super good Chinese food! My cousin recommended this place because of the authenticity of the Shanghai cuisine! I concur that the food is super authentic and very delicious!
The bartender is soooo mean!!!! Not friendly at all!!!!  When we want to order, she literally yelled at us with the attitude.  We didn't do anything at all, just got our seat at the bar and wanted to order!  That's all!!! What's that attitude from?!!!! Ahhhh!!!!
Had another wonderful experience at Han Dynasty. Just AHMAZING!!! Great food and service :-) Very accommodating for vegetarians too! Everyone I know Loves this place!
What a great find. Everything delicious. I will ad pictures shortly. You must eat here if yopu are in the area.
I would give this restaurant zero stars but you can't do that delivering food from this place is a bitch you order food and they said the food is ready it's not and you have to wait another 30 mins for the foodI will never come back here for another delivery
I haven't been out for Chinese food in a long time but my friend recommended Han Dynasty and it didn't disappoint.We ordered several appetizers and shared them - spicy wontons, spicy crunchy cucumber, scallion pancakes and spring rolls. Everything was excellent - I especially loved the wontons and cucumbers.Main courses were Dan Dan noodles - which are in a peanut sauce - which I don't do...but my companions loved it. We also shared spicy shrimp (fried) and a tofu/mushroom dish in a sweet and sour brown sauce served with crispy rice....this was absolutely wonderful. A pot of tea and a generous side of rice accompanied everything and service was super friendly and quick.Loved it. Will be back.
MSG is fine by me. The bar is ugly, the seating can feel a little cramped. Service can feel piss poor sometimes. The reason this place keeps going is their food. That Szechuan chicken/fish/whatever you want is friggen' good. Crispy fried or in a sauce, those peppercorns will make your mouth numb with spicy happiness. I always come here to get my spicy Chinese food fix, and then regret it the morning after. While not a chain, you should think of Han Dynasty as the McDonalds of Chinese food: perhaps rewarding in the moment but not something you should eat every day... or even every week.
Not authentic Sichuan food AT ALL. Service was slow and the manager ignored us several times. We ordered some specialities something spicy beef, fish and mapo tofu - turns out the broth/flavor of those three dishes were all the same with the only difference in meat.
Ordered Dan Dan vegetarian noodles and spicy cucumber. Dan Dan Noodles were essentially boiled overdone noodles with a bitter mildly spicy chilli oil flavour. The chillie oil tasted almost burned.Resturant was quite busy but as per the Dan Dan Noodle dish quite a bit over rated gave up eating after five bitesAlso 15 mins into my order and never got my spicy cucumbers however a sign of really bad service, ad I got billed for them at the checkout.
I've been to a lot of Szechwan style restaurants and usually have a bad experience as everything has the exact same overpowering spicy taste. This place actually has an assortment of flavor without the spicy numbing feeling only. We came here for a friend's birthday- she's from Canada and requested this place while visiting! (As she comes here Everytime she gets to visit NYC) We ordered a ton of dishes: dumplings with chili oil, peppered string beans, spicy tofu with fish, spicy chicken wings, lamb with cumin spice, peppered beef and dan dan noodles. Everything was great! The only reason they're getting 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the mediocre service.
This restaurant is awesome, but only if you are a big fan of spicy food. I have gone to the Philly location a few times and loved it. I came to the East Village location with two wimps (just kidding, but they are when it comes to spice). They didn't seem to be overwhelmed with their orders, while I wolfed down my meal. We got the panfried potstickers to split, always a solid classic and the dipping sauce did not disappoint. I got the dry pot style with chicken. This was amazing. It came out in a metal pan on top of a lit fire. It was literally lit. Perfectly spicy and the chicken was really tender. My friends got the kung pao chicken and the rice noodles with chicken. So we didn't get to dan dan noodles or dry pepper style/ma po tofu. I feel like I can't write a proper review without tasting those, so I'll have to edit one day soon!
Saw the reviews for this place and thought I'd give it a try. I ordered the dry pepper chicken lunch special ($8.70) - definitely not worth it. Literally all fried coating (less than 1/5 of this dish I would consider chicken), plus a tiny little box of rice. I've tried plenty of lunch specials from Chinese restaurants in downtown Manhattan, and this has definitely been the worst.Also, to add insult to injury, I called three times to place my order, but no one picked up. Would not recommend.
I'm not going to lie - when Han Dynasty entered my culinary radar, I thought the reviews would turn out being overrated. How does this Chinese restaurant differentiate itself from the rest, and surpass them all by miles I asked? What made this place special? Well, the Dan Dan Noodles answered this question in one bite.We came on a Wednesday, and you know it just be good if there is a 35 minute wait for a table at 8p then. So we found two lucky seats at the bar and made ourselves at home. We were kindly greeted with warm tea, and had just enough room - a little cramped, but happy to have a seat! After scouring Yelp reviews, it was obvious we needed to order the Dan Dan Noodles - amazing! Do it! I'll be ordering these solo for takeout on a routine basis moving forward. Definitely have a kick- so heads up if you're sensitive to spice!The sesame pancake = AMAZING! Light, but flavorful. Just so good. Also ordered the Garlic Style chicken - while delicious, it was definitely a bit more than a 3 spicy rating in my book! Did I mention the portions are HUGE?!Anyway, do it. Come here. Feast. And repeat.
I came after work at a very odd time- I was absolutely starving and just desperate for food. I sat down- I was immediately greeted and had hot tea brought to me. I ordered mapo tofu with pork. Huge portion, silky tofu, amazing sauce. I can't wait to go back.
Really bomb Szechuan food in Manhattan. The wait can sometimes be 2 hours, but it's only during dinner time. They allow you to sit on the bar if you don't mind though. The beef noodle soup is my favorite dish here. Beef was extremely tender, and the broth was perfect. Their chicken dishes and beef dishes are also a must try!
I have no idea why this place is this popular.  The wait is 2 hours long on a Friday night for any party larger than 2, but fortunately, they have a pretty efficient seating system so you don't have to stay and wait for your table.My friend and I were seated after a 45 minute wait (plenty of time for a pot of tea at Cha'an down the street).  The service itself was attentive, if not a little chaotic considering there were so many people there.  The food was insanely disappointing.For appetizers, we ordered the fried sausage, which was nothing more special than a couple of sliced sausages with a side of raw onion, and the scallion pancakes, which were the best thing we ate there.The main meal was so bad it was inedible.  The Dan Dan noodles were just drenched in chili oil and had no other taste than just numbingly spicy.  The Ma Po Tofu can be bought for cheaper and tastier on Canal Street.  We barely ate either and had to return the Dan Dan noodles.Perhaps it's because I'm not a huge fan of spicy food, but all and all, it was all pretty unsatisfying.
Came here cause all the rave of the Dan Dan noodles. It wasn't that great but it wasn't bad. The dish was so spicy with chili's you couldn't taste the peppercorns. Dan Dan noodles suppose to be spicy and tingly and peanutty.Just tasted just like Noodles soaked in hot chile sauce. Place look to Americanized. I stick to the whole in the wall sichuan restaurants with the B ratings. Their Dan Dan noodles are the real deal. What a waste of a trek to downtown to get them.
Without a doubt, the best Sichuan restaurant in Manhattan!My friends and I are Sichuan cuisine aficionados. We frequent all the Sichuan restaurants to try out new dishes we've been to Legends, Hot Kitchen, all the Grand Sichuan franchises, La Vie en Sichuan, Lan Sheng, to name a few. Han Dynasty tops them all! The portion size is a little smaller than the others, but the quality and flavors make up for it.First off, food here is superb. It's not greasy or oily, which often plagues Sichuan cuisine. For appetizers we shared Spicy Crispy Cucumber, Beef & Tripe in Chili Oil, and Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce. The sauces in each appetizer were different and had it's own unique taste. The cucumbers were our favorite. The sauce was a perfect combination of sweet, sour, garlic, and hot. The coolness and crunchiness of the cucumbers were a delightful contrast to the flavorful sauce. The heat kicks in at the end and hits the back of your throat. The spiciness was not overwhelming.For entrees, we shared Dry Pot with Pork, Pickled Chili with Fish, Cumin Lamb, and Bok Choy w/ Black Mushrooms. The lamb was very tender and flavorful. The cumin was very subtle--not over done. The fish was flounder filets in a wonderful sauce with peppers, leeks and bamboo shoots. The dry pot with pork was excellent and was not greasy or oily. The spice level was perfect and you can taste all the flavors in the dish. Baby bok choy with shitake mushrooms was tender and perfectly prepared. It's a small place that gets filled fast. There is only one large table in the back that seats 8-10. Reservations a must for large group. People were eating at the bar and others were lined up outside. The noise level can get quite high as tables are closer together than at most restaurants.
Dan Dan noodles and Kung pao. Awesome. 45 min wait. Friday at 7 pm. Food is amazing.
I was a bit conflicted about my star rating, my friends loved it which should account for something but I was a bit underwhelmed which accounts for everything : ). We walked in around 8:00 on a rainy Wednesday night. The very sweet girl at the front very nicely told us it would be a 2 hour wait. We REALLY wanted to try this place so we gave her our number and walked next door to feast to grab a drink and figure out where else we could go in that hood. After a glass of cava and catching up bs, we received a text saying our table was ready...score ! We only had to wait about 45.  We walked back over and the place was packed, we endured many an evil eye as we made our way to the table. I do my homework before every restaurant visit so I knew what to order. 1. Dan Dan noodles - believe the hype....awesome2. Dumplings in hot chili oil - skip...all just hot chili oil2. Hot chicken wings - no idea, couldn't taste them they were so hot3. Hot pot beef - ok but basically inferior meat and ingredients4. Cumin chicken - the cumin was so strong every other flavor was drowned outI was glad I tried the place and no harm no foul, it's super cheap...would I go back? I doubt it...Chinatown has much more to offer..
I originally visited the Philly location and once I heard there was a NYC counterpart I had to return. Simply put, this food is delicious. Freshly made, the right amount of spicy, and authenticity that doesn't come with a feeling that you will have food poisoning afterward.I visited with my herbivorous man friend - so there was no meat was involved, but I didn't miss it. Order the dan dan noodles and mapo tofu! You won't be disappointed.
We had chicken fried rice, dry pepper chicken and Dan Dan noodles. ALL of them were so delicious that I couldn't decide which one to eat first. Definitely is one of the best Chinese food that I have had.
Living in Chicago, you don't get much vegetarian Chinese food so in NYC, it feels such a luxury to have that! Their cumin tofu is really good as are the noodles options.. the place gets really busy but service is quick!
We had a 3 minute wait on a Saturday for 5 people which was amazing. The service is kind of bad. Took them 10 min to come to the table. The service was unorganized. We had the dan dan noodles and wings for appetizer which were both very good. I had the Garlic chicken something entree and it was amazingggggggg!! I also had side fried rice which was good but a little salty. Overall great food. Im sick of pf changs this is my new go to spot even though I live in north jersey
I heard so many people that this place is amazing so I had to try it but I don't think I like their food.. Somehow it was too strong flvored instead of having spiciness. I am a fan of spicy food so I expect food to be really spicy but it wasn't. I might have tried the wrong menu but I don't think I will be back here again. :'(
The food here is spicy and flavorful. I would recommend the dan dan noodles, spicy crispy cucumbers (these are slightly pickled), cold sesame noodles, pork belly in garlic sauce, beef tendons in chili oil, beef & tripe in chili oil, really anything in the chili oil... I did try the three cup chicken that other reviews raved about, but I wasn't impressed. I've also tried the dry pepper chicken wings, but in terms of Asian style fried chicken, I much prefer Korean fried chicken (whatup Bonchon!).Note: the cold sesame noodles are not spicy and should really be renamed to sesame garlic noodles because the garlic flavor is just as strong, if not stronger.Unfortunately, they are not on Seamless, which is probably for the best anyway because otherwise, I would order for delivery every Sunday. Chinese food is one of the best hangover foods (up there with bacon and eggs..and Bloody Marys). I don't care what anyone else says.
I really don't know what the fuss is all about with this restaurant.  After months of not visiting the restaurant because of long waits, i was able to get in during a late Sunday afternoon. We ordered the double cooked pork belly, house special low mein and the eggplant w garlic sauce.  The low mein was tasty but was extremely salty.  The pork did not move me at all and was lacking bland.  The eggplant was also bland and very oily.  Maybe I came on a bad day, I will try once more.
Some dishes are more authentic than the others, but all very tasty. Rabbit dishes are very bony. It's the rabbit's fault. Dan dan noodle is AMAZING.
I went there for dan dan noodle and it did not disappoint. I have tried dan dan noodle all around NYC and this one is definitely worth going. The noodle texture is great and The spiciness is just right as well. The good thing is that the waiter will tell you the level of spicy for each dish. The environment is nice but a bit small space.
Recommendations for the Dan Dan Noodles, scallion pancakes and dumplings in chili oil were all on targets. Great taste and loved the heat. I love south Florida but our selection of awesome Chinese food is limited. Great lunch! Will definitely return on my next visit to NYC.
Han Dynasty had been on my to-do list for a loooong time...Recommendation from a friend was totry the Dan Dan Noodles as an app - was really impressed with this simple dish. It manages to be mildly spicy while also having a peanut-y flavor. I would 100% order this dish again next time. For an entree we got an order of dry pepper chicken and garlic sauce chicken (this came on the waiters recommendation). I have to admit that while both were good, the winner was clearly the dry pepper chicken. It was crunchy on the outside with little moist chunks of chicken inside. definitely would order again. While I finished my portion, I would not order the garlic sauce chicken again, it tasted fine, but wasn't very exciting.
I was waiting for my children watching an event at Webster hall so I decided to have a taste of their food. I read thru yelp some recommendations and I ordered dandan noodles and spiced chicken wings. Seriously, whoever had recommended dandan noodles had the worst taste buds. It's noodles ..... soaked in oil!!! Very unhealthy and I must say that it's the worst noodles I ever had in my life!!!! Sorry but I can't recommend it!!! The chicken wings was pretty good but it's still very oily!!! Maybe I'll try some other dishes next time but I doubt it if there's ever going to be a next time for me to dine there. Sorry
Summary: Super Authentic Delicious Sichuan FoodEverything we ordered was fantastic, even the few non-spicy dishes. I recommend:Dan Dan Noodles - soft & spicyWontons in Chili Oil - spicy & flavorfulHot Sauce Style - super authentic & spicyCrispy Rice Style - mild, sweet & flavorfulWe left with our mouthes on fire and our stomachs extremely satisfied, just as if we were in Sichuan
Was here on Friday,May 20,2016,I just love this place nice and spicy.I had the Dan Dan Noodles and the Spicy Crispy Cucumber delicious.If you like spicy this is the place.I have eaten here before,the Double Cooked Style pork Belly is very good.I will be trying the whole menu. Love,love it.
I can't really say enough good things about this spot. It's my favorite asian food in the city. The dan dan noodles ARE THE BEST CARBOLOAD decision you'll ever make. Everything is delicious. Go early or wait. Or get take out? YES SO GOOD.
One of my favorite Chinese places that my boyfriend introduced me to, and we now go here way too often! Quick and friendly service, nice atmosphere, and delicious food at a good price. It's best to get in early for dinner, like 5:30-6pm, since it can fill up quickly.Best dishes are the dan dan noodles, pork belly in garlic sauce, eggplant with garlic sauce, and dry pepper style chicken.NOT recommended for delivery. They're timely, but this is the type of food you need straight from the kitchen, not eaten after it's been sitting in the delivery guy's car for 20 minutes.
Love the Dan Dan noodles here. Come early, because lines get long. Overall, everything I've had here has been amazing.
Best Chinese food I've ever had.Granted, I'm not much exactly an afficianado, but wow this stuff was good.Dan Dan Noodles--perfect flavors, perfect noodlesWontons in Chili Oil--the very best wonton I've ever had--actually took the chili oil and used it on my rice.  So flavorfulDry pepper Chicken--very spicy, but unreal how good it is--the chili sauce from the Wontons actually cooled it down a little bit.Overall--7 stars.  Go between meals, or you'll be waiting.
much like xian famous food, i am not sure i understand the hype. i only tried the noodles. to me, they were a little bit "dry" spicy and the noodle itself didn't taste al dente.
Love this place.  Went here on a Thursday night with a few friends and everyone's meals were delicious.  We had the Dan Dan noodles, Kung poa chicken, pepper chicken, wok chicken, and the wontons.  My only complaint is that their version of spicy is not spicy.
The crispy pepper chicken is pretty good. The dan Dan noodles are so bad!!! I couldn't eat it. Disappointed that the food was very hyped up.
I'll just get straight to the point Long wait, so be ready (until the hype dies down or it might not even) Not great for big parties, I say max is 3 or 4. 6 or more then you're just a bunch of asses. Menu is based on cooking style, not so much like other Chinese places. If you can't handle spiciness, this is not the place for you.Each dishes I had, had its own distinct flavor but it's mostly flavors of spices and leaves a tingling feeling on your tongue. Its pretty awesome! Best item on the menu - Dan Dan Noodle Second best  (So far) - Garlic Style lamb 4/5 Stars because the wait is too long but worth it if you have patience.
This is some of the greatest chinese food in the entire world. My boyfriend and I have been ordering from here weekly. Dry fry beef is the most amazing dish in the entire world. My parents have also become huge fans too ! I implore anyone who wants to find the greatest chinese food ever to check out Han Dynasty. May they reign forever !!!
Oh Han Dynasty. How much I love thee. I first tried Han in Philly and when I moved to NYC I had to see if this one was just as good, and it was. The Dan Dan noodles are amazing (but if you order them for delivery make sure you mix them up with the chili oil on the bottom of the container), they're a must. And I'm always a fan on the dumplings in chili oil, so much flavor! Great choices all around, you probably can't go wrong.
Very authentic place.  Very spicy as well; however, there are plenty of options if that's not what you're into.  Can be a bit of a wait but the place is great with texting you when your table is ready.
Forgoing the usual ingredients of a regular restaurant review: ambience ,noise level,service and food presentation .What's left you say ??How about take-out??In my opinion the quality of ANY Chinese restaurant much more a regional Chinese restaurant is about the take out .Sans. Foregoing the above mentioned ingredients.In Szechuan cooking it's all about the chili peppers. Incidentally , the chili pepper was not indigenous to China. It was imported by the Portuguese in the early 1600's from the Americas.Back to The take out order from Han Dynasty.The mapo tofu an indigenous Szechuan dish (should be the bench mark of all Chinese Restaurant ) does not disappoint .Extracting the right amount of capsaicin from the dried red chili peppers. The fresh soft tofu.  The pungent black bean sauce.All assembled in a sizzling wok. Oh. what a delight.Then ALL hell breaks loose...30 seconds later.Like a phantom uppercut that knocks you out coldLike a buzzer beating 3-point  basket that lost you a lot of cash.You are mercilessly in tears. Sweating Profusely. Yes,begging for mercy.Helplessly ....Your only regret. Should have ordered more.
Solid but nothing amazing.  Garlic eggplant was best dish by far. Dan Dan noodles a let down and dumplings decent. Egg roll pretty generic. Was take out so maybe that had something to do with it - but shouldn't have.
There is no good Americanized Chinese food in this city. Where can I find the gloopy, corn starch-laden general Tso's chicken I am so fond of from the Imperial Palace in Grand Island, NE's Conestoga Mall? Not here. That said, this place is stellar. As everyone says, the Dan Dan noodles are a must. You can't really go wrong with anything. Forget the hour and a half wait to get a seat. Just call in the order and pick it up. They don't use Seamless rather Caviar, so there's a $10 delivery fee. Not bad if you have a family of four to feed, but for a single meal, it blows your cost structure. On an odd note, the hostess/daughter-of-the-owners seemed eager to tell me she went to Penn when we began discussing the restaurant's PA roots, as if to say, 'It may look like I'm just taking reservations on this iPad, but I'm actually highly educated.' "Oh, okay, cool... how long did you say the wait was going to be again?"
A perfect example of how much BETTER fresh can be over to go. I had this once to go in one of the original locations in Philly. I thought it was good but not great. Came to the new Han Dynasty in NYC this past weekend and ate at the restaurant. WOW. How  my opinion has changed. Some of the BEST Chinese food i've ever had. And I live in California, spending a ton of time in LA and SF, eating at restaurants without English speaking workers.The dan dan noodles are heavenly. The noodles are chewy and dense. The sauce is sweet with a nut of peanuts. The perfect noodle dish to go with any of the entrees.The eggplant is divine. I usually hate eggplants because its slimy, but not here! The cooked to soft perfection and the garlic sauce is a great compliments the meatiness of the eggplant.My favorite entree is definitely the double-cooked style fish. Amazing crisp without being oily. And the flavors are unbelievable. Earthiness of fermented black beans just pairs with the freshness of leeks amazingly and the peppers add that extra kick to complete the dish.Everything i had was great and I'll definitely come back. Who would've thought the best Chinese food I've had would be from a Philly-based restaurant? I sure didn't!
Our favorite go to Szechuan food. Definitely order the following: Dan Dan noodles , chicken wings appetizer, beef and tripe appetizer, dry fry style chicken. We like the east village location. For some reason, the upper west side location was not as good. Not sure why but uws location is prettier and huge.
from a food standpoint, this place is awesome. service is solid too. ill get to the negatives in a second. ive been here a handful of times and the food did not disappoint. the strings beans, dry pepper chicken, mapo tofu, dumplings, dan dan noodles are must gets. but watchout cause a lot of their food is spicy but the menu is pretty accurate inregards to the number they give for how spicy it is and the waiters do a good job in helping out.only one negatives really, can be a pain in the butt getting a table, especially during the weekend/busy times. they dont take reservations unless its a bigger party. and just a heads up, its definitely better to go with a group..cause then you have more a chance to try other dishes and not worry about getting too much food.overall, if you havent gone and like schezuan food, give this place a shot. its awesome.
Finally got to try this place and really enjoyed it. Came on a rainy Saturday at 12:30pm and 3 of us were able to be seated right away.We ordered the Dan Dan noodles and they were delicious! Quite spicy though. After a few bites I think my tongue couldn't taste anything but spice! We also ordered the wontons in chili sauce which were also delicious, though again my tongue was covered in spice from the Dan Dan noodles so I probably didn't get their full flavor. I had one later on after my mouth had cooled, but it was cold by then and not at its best.We also got a dry pot with fish and garlic  sauce style with chicken. Everything was tasty. The dry pot is rated a 10 for super spicy, but it really wasn't very spicy at all. Maybe it was because I had it AFTER those super spicy Dan Dan noodles (which were only rated a 6). The 3 of us managed to finish all those dishes, though we left a lot of vegetables in each dish. There is a good amount of meat that comes with each one though. This place is definitely worth a try.
I only got to try two dishes here because they forgot our three cup chicken and after twenty minutes of waiting before they realized it, I didn't feel like waiting more. This place looks like your run of the mill not fancy Chinese restaurant. Decor inside looks like it could have been an adapted English pub. We came on a projected snow day so there was no wait during lunch time. We split the dan dan noodles and the chili oil wontons, and to my surprise, both were very delicious without the numbing spicy aftertaste that you can experience in Szechuan cuisine. Based on these two dishes alone I can't say I understand all the hype surrounding this place; I think you can get similar quality food downtown. The fact that I mentioned twice that we were waiting for our three cup chicken without any response was a little annoying, and finally after I asked a third time, I was told that they had forgotten about it. Oh well. I think I may come back to try more dishes but only if MP or friends are craving spicy food, wouldn't come back on my own.
I was there with group of five on last Saturday noon . Overall,It was just fine and didn't meet my expectation . Food : good quantity but ok quality . Service : I have never expected to have good service experience in a traditional Chinese restaurant. Ambience : Below the average and plus small space. My question was why they are so popular ?
This place gets PACKED.  I would definitely try to come here on the earlier side (before 6:30) and if you can't come early, try coming in groups of 3 or 4 since it seemed like groups of 2 were getting shafted in the wait queue.What We Got:Dan Dan Noodles with Meat - Saucy and Delicious with just the right kick to itSpicy Crispy Cucumber - Mmmmm....This sauce is drool-worthy and the cucumbers were nice and crisp!  I was actually considering taking the sauce home as leftovers!Wonton in Chili Oil - Not the biggest fanWontons in Chicken Broth - nothing to write home aboutShrimp with Garlic Sauce - pretty good; the shrimp was a very nice size compared to shrimp I've gotten at other Chinese restaurantsThree Cup Chicken - can't really go wrong with boneless fried chicken pieces cooked in sauce!  =)  A little too much basil for my taste thoughService:Good service despite being super busy.  We never felt rushed and they refilled our water glasses without being asked!
Ohmygod. Now this is what I'm talkin' about! Good, quality, SPICY food that's not dumbed down for the masses. Came here on a complete whim and had my doubts (because really? Han Dynasty? V cheesy name) but I was SO pleasantly surprised.Ordered the wontons in chili oil, beef and tripe appetizer, and hot sauce style fish. Wontons were good but I've had better. I've gotten the cold beef and tripe app at a number of places but this was by far my favorite. The fish was also on point. I'm seriously looking forward to coming back and trying everything else on this menu.
This place is the real deal.  The wontons in chili oil are delicious.  And so were the pea leaves with garlic.  The dan dan noodles were amazing as was the pork belly.  The portions are great and the prices are very reasonable.  This place can get a bit crowded and noisy, so not really a date spot. Fast and efficient service. Get the dan dan noodles!
Wait for Han Dynasty was 35 minutes this past Saturday night - having been turned away with estimated wait times of 2 hours before, we decided to suck it up and wait. They'll text when your table is ready, and the manager told me over the phone that they were opening up reservations sometime in October, so watch out for those.We ordered: Spicy cucumbers, Dan dan noodles, Wontons in chili oil, Dry pepper style chicken, and Double cooked style fish.Spicy cucumbers: mother of god, these are a feat of wizardry. Diced cucumbers in soy sauce, rice vinegar, sesame oil, red pepper flakes and sesame seeds... So simple and so friggin addictive! Must order.Dan dan noodles: Really generous portion of doughy, chewy noodles with a ground pork and scallions. These were actually pretty spicy and very very good. Dry pepper style chicken: Fried morsels of chicken that were crispy on the outside without being too greasy. They're marked as a 8/10 on level of spiciness but I found them to be manageable, mostly because I was careful to eat around the slivers of dry chili peppers that they saute with the dish.Wontons and double-cooked style fish were ordinary and not on the agenda for next time. In terms of authenticity, I will grant that the appetizers are authentically Szechuan. Less convinced about the entrees: Han Dynasty's mains are laid out in a variety of cooking styles and then you pick the protein that you want in that style. It's a little too "one-size-fits-all" for me, and reminded me a bit of the Chinese-American takeout mantra: do you want that with beef, chicken, shrimp, or tofu?I would also suggest that you get one non-spicy dish (like the Three Cup Chicken). After a few bites, the "numbing" quality of the Szechuan will start to take hold, and everything will taste like a one-note shade of FIERY.
Made it here within its first 2 weeks of being open for their "Soft Opening" - but it didnt really seem like they were missing anything. I've never been to the Philadelphia locations, but I have had some leftover Dan Dan Noodles before.(if you like spicy asian food) The food is spectacular, and priced really well, especially given the location on E13thSt. and 3rd Ave. For 2 people, my bill came out to $40 for 4 dishes, and plenty of leftovers to spare.Spring Rolls - Skip these, I asked the waiter whether to go with these or the scallion pancakes. They apparently make the spring rolls here, but I was unimpressed.Dan Dan Noodles -  The signature dish, I'm currently eating my leftovers and the sweats return. This is a HOT (spicy) noodle dish with bits of meat and some garnish green veggies. ORDER IT.Pork Belly in Garlic Chili Oil - Thank god for this savory selection, otherwise my mouth would have been coated in Dan Dan sauce forever. A few slivers of pork belly in Garlic Chili Oil. This oil should be could on a plate alone, and I'd throw my face in it. I'd say this is the best pork belly I've ever had, but really all pork belly is the best I've ever had.3 Cup Chicken - (Inse 3 chicken 1 cup joke here) This dish is sweet and savory at the same time. Bite sized pieces of chicken with a delicious glaze of reduced sauces packs a pungent flavor.This review really didn't do the food enough justice, I really cant find good words to use for describing the flavors present in the Sezchuan (spelling?) cuisine.  Go here, with a group of friends, and order a bunch of dishes, you will not be disappointed. Do it now, before it gets super popular.*No liquor license yet, they bring you whatever alcohol you bring in - in red solo cups. So unpretentious, I love it.
I'm going to check this restaurant this weekend but just wanted to write this view to offset the moron down below-- yea, that idiot who's a vegetarian rolling up into a Chinese restaurant expecting THEM to make accommodations. Guess what, if you're a vegetarian, YOU make sure the restaurant you're going to is veggie-friendly. Most Chinese restaurants could give less of a crap about what allergies you have. That's just how Chinese culture has been and will be. Very few ppl had food allergies and no one was stupid enough to be a vegetarian (yea you go and tell a country of 1 billion who starved for half a generation to avoid eating meat voluntarily and see how they react).Take this review off if you must as it's completely unrelated to the food. But wow what a moron that Kar dude is.EDIT: Forgot to edit this when I actually went to the restaurant. The food is fantastic and there's one hilarious server who cracks jokes every time he brings out food.ALSO, this place doesn't charge extra when you ask for rice. ...And that's how you know you're in a real Chinese restaurant.
Simple, spicy Szechuan amazingness... I am obsessed with Han Dynasty.  Any time I'm remotely close to downtown, I need to figure out a way to stop by to get some grub.  Always have the same order - Dan Dan noodles, spicy cucumber (which are so misleadingly spicy!), dry  pepper chicken wings (so friggin good!), any of the dry pepper dishes and the sauteed pea leaves (which are not spicy but a plateful of garlicky goodness).  Wish they would open up on the Upper West Side!!!! (hint hint, Han Dynasty Management!!).
Amazing Szechuan food and the best I have had! I have been meaning to try this place for a while but was a bit worried about the wait since they don't accept reservations. After feeling a bit under the weather, I figured I would treat myself to some takeout to cheer me up. I called to place a takeout order when I was about to leave work and by the time I arrived (about 20mins later) it was waiting there for me ready to go.  I went with the three items that I saw many great reviews for and I asked for them all to be made a little less spicy. I have had Szechuan food in the past and I know it can knock you upside the head with its heat. I am so glad I asked for the heat to be reduced because everything turned out great with just the right amount of spice to keep you interested. Out of everything, the Dan Dan Noodles were my absolute favorite but did need to be mixed before eating to blend the sweet and savory flavors. The peanut, soy and chili all combined perfectly and coated the wonderfully thick chewy noodles. The Wontons in Chili Oil were a close second with a nice sweetness and flavor. The wrapper was thin but substantial enough to contain the filling. The Spicy Crunchy Cucumber was refreshing and best served cold. It is slightly overpriced for just cucumber, but it was a nice sized portion and contrasted everything else quite nicely. Overall, all three items held up well for takeout and were just as good the second day when it was reheated. Next time I will have to bring a friend so I can try more items and see how it compares when dining in. I will definitely keep this place in rotation for my Szechuan food cravings. Serving size: Enough for two or one with leftoversPrice: $23.80Service: Takeout orders taken by phone, food ready upon arrivalSeating: Not crowded on a Tuesday at 5:15pm
We never got to try the food.  But based on the service level received at the door we passed.  There are far too many good choices in the city to waste time on this.  We arrived at 6:30 pm Saturday and there was a long line already.  After waiting patiently to give my name to the hostess and her iPad, she turned away to chat with someone else when my turn came.  I still waited patiently and the person behind me in line went around me and stood in front of her.  She then turned to assist him first.  When I reminded her I was there first, she immediately told me "the wait is going to be 2 hours anyway.".  As if I was being difficult.  I then told her regardless she should take my name in order...the other guy would have to wait 2 hours too.She then took my name on her iPad but I saw her write vermin as my name.  Either she is too stupid to know that is not a real name or she wrote it on purpose.  Either way---not good.Then our group proceded to walk around the neighborhood to see how we can kill time.  After about 45 minutes I was texted that my table was ready but they will not hold for more than 10 minutes.  We did not make it back in time...after being told several times it would be a 2 hour wait.No doubt lots of people canceled on that list.
I'm a Philly transplant but I never went to the original Han Dynasty. I've heard great things from friends so I had to check it out now that it's up here.We went for dinner at 5pm like some sort of elderly blue plate special couple, so naturally we had no trouble getting a table. A tea pot was set down as soon as out coats were off. We ordered pork belly in chili sauce, dry pepper wings, ginger duck, and hot sauce style beef entree. More than enough food for 2!There was not a single bad bite of food. My god it was delicious. The wings were better as they cooled off, we were wary of the cold pork belly but very happily surprised, the duck was inhaled by the other side of the table before I could taste it and the beef was a very happy melding of pepper, ginger, cilantro, garlic, and deliciousness. I didn't want the spicy taste in my mouth to ever leave.But let's talk for a hot second about my new favorite thing in the world. THE CHILI SAUCE. Sweet chili sauce? Is that what they call it on the menu? The nectar of the gods? I would put that shit on everything. I would bath in that if I didn't think it might burn a little bit in some weird places. We made them keep the plate with the sauce on the table long after the pork belly was gone so we could dip other things into it. Like lettuce. Seriously. If I didn't want to die of clogged arteries tomorrow I would have drank the rest of the oil. I asked our waiter how to make it and he laughed in my face and said "No". Whatever, I'll be back. I'll figure it out.
My new favorite Chinese place in the city! The Dan Dan noodles are as good as reported by others on here. Absolutely delicious. The hot sauce style chicken is a huge portion, nice and spicy. The cold pork belly was surprisingly good (I was scared of cold pork belly). I also recommend the wings! I will be back! Oh yeah and the server who we have had twice is A+.
Decent sichuan food...if you get to even order it.The waits here are borderline comical - routinely 1-2 hours.  Multiple times I have been told the restaurant isn't doing any pickup orders, or told a pickup order will take 2 hours to prepare.  Never heard of a takeout business being run so poorly.Even worse, if you actually get to order your food, there is about a 50% chance your order will be missing items. A total joke.Their dan dan noodle recipe is unique, but literally every other menu item is something you can get at dozens of other Sichuan restaurants around the city. Absolutely not worth the headache.
I have been here a couple of times and have found the food to be amazing its on the spicy side but with lots of deep flavours, I have eaten different things on both visits and everything has been good, they also have a good selection of draught beer and a full bar go you won't be disappointed the only thing I would caution is its spicy so be aware !!!
tl;dr: Amazing food, everything's above average, but it's really busy now, so perhaps wait until the attention dies down.The best Chinese restaurant I've found in NYC in a while! They're still in soft opening mode, but they've really garnered a following and it's already pretty difficult to get a table during peak meal hours.In terms of appetizers, the dry pepper chicken wings were pretty good, the Taiwanese sausages were solid, and I'm willing to bet that the spicy crispy cucumber dish has crack in it, because I couldn't stop eating it.Definitely try the dry pepper style fish and the three cup chicken. Double cooked pork belly was great, as was the kung pao chicken; even our least favorite entree, the cumin lamb, was very solid.Their spiciness levels actually overstate how spicy the dishes are I think; our dishes ranked 8 and 9 weren't actually that bad at all.
Han Dynasty is undisputed proof that Phila is home to some culinary masterpices, namely Morimoto, La Colombe, Zahav, and now Han Dynasty.  Get the dan dan noodles, crystal wontons, dry pot shredded beef, 3 cup chicken (for those who prefer milder flavors), and cumin lamb.  The only dish that I felt was just decent was the tea smoked duck, which I prefer to order at New East in Phila.  The scallion pancakes are decent but nothing extraordinary (I make my own from a tried-and-true Shanghainese recipe so I have VERY high standards for these).  It's very busy but worth the wait and the servers are great.  Another victory for Philly!
I've seen reviews of Han Dynasty for 3 weeks in TONY, so I've been curious about it.  Décor is non-descript, but piles of people kept coming in.  Tables turn relatively quickly so a table for two shouldn't take long.  We ordered dan dan noodles, tripe, and sautéed string beans and paired it with a tasty IPA.  The first two were super spicy, but the IPA helped to settle the heat.  I liked the flavor of the noodles but they were a little mushy.  Beware: This bowl is pretty big and filling.  The tripe was my favorite - thin tender slices of chewy deliciousness.  The string beans were cooked perfectly (and not spicy). I would definitely come back to try other dishes.  Not only are the food and service good, the prices are reasonable as well.
Great restaurant - food can be very spicy, which is wonderful.  Good dumplings and spring rolls.  They have both delectable chicken and vegetarian dishes.  Fast and friendly service.  They get very busy - every table was occupied for the hour we were there.  Highly recommended. Moderate prices.
Ok...so we tried to get into this place a few times and it was just mayhem. I must admit I was little disengaged due to the haphazard organization at the front. The "waiting area" is usually more congested than the GW Bridge under Christie's reign. The bar is not first come, first serve. The door swings open and continuously keeps the cold air in while the warm air escapes. We went early on a Saturday and walked right into seats at the bar. Although a little chilly from the door's constant opening and closing, the food came out and was nothing short of mind-changing. Delicately balanced soup, tart & crisp sesame noodles, spicy Szechuan shrimp. Everything had a purpose, everything combined 10 flavors that seemed like 1 meaningful dish or 1 or 2 meaningful flavors were highlighted in 1 amazing dish. I now understand why the take-out bags never stopped filling up the bar and although I think the setup of the restaurant is still very questionable, I cannot disagree that the food is absolutely the best Chinese in the East Village...perhaps in all of NY.
Probably my favorite Szechuan place in NYC. Came at the suggestion of a rabid Philly Han Dynasty fan and couldn't be happier at the food. The numerical system to grade the spiciness is a little off as the Dan Dan Noodles (a 6) turned out for me to be spicier than the Chicken Dry Pot Style (a 10) but everything was spicy enough to be exciting and not so spicy I was crying and gulping down gallons of water -- that being said, if you're sensitive to spicy foods, perhaps you should ask them to tone down the dishes. The Dan Dan noodles are a MUST and I absolutely loved the Dry Pot Style as well as the Beef Long Hot Pepper Style. All I can say is that I hope they open up a couple more locations or expand the restaurant because once all of NYC knows of this place, the wait is going to be excruciating.
I've been here many times and simply love it. Not the most stellar service but totally fine and the food is just out of this world. BF and my favorite is the dry hot pot with fish.This time I wanted to comment on the group tasting menu, which was fantastic! A couple of weeks ago I met up with friends and was skeptical, figuring this group tasting menu would pale on comparison to what we usually order--SO WRONG. There were 9 of is and let me tell you, for $25/person there was SO much food we all took home! We had so much variety and literally were scarfing down each individual plate with so much gusto and still got to the point where we were just stuffed. It was just such a good experience overall to get sooo much awesome quality food in lower manhattan. This is definitely my to go place for group meet ups!
This is not your typical Chinese restaurant and expect quality food for decent price. Though I just sat at the bar with my friend while I ate appetizers and had a beer (I just came from having dinner at the Cottage and it was an impromptu meet with my friend) , I was impressed with his meal and my appetizers. It was a very unique experience though since I was there on a Saturday evening when there was an obnoxious person coming in constantly and harassing the staff and the staff had to kick him out and the cops had to come. I was impressed with the manner how the staff made sure their customers were safe at their premises. Pros:1. The bartender was very nice and knowledgeable. 2. The food is very good and we kept staring at other people's dishes.3. It was the fluffiest scallion pancakes I ever had. Very tasty.Cons:1. It is a packed place so expect a wait.
As a philly transplant, I have a soft spot for this place, but it stands up. Waits continue to be terrible almost every night of the weekend, but call in takeout ahead and you'll be very happy. Dan Dan noodles defy explanation in their complexity. Wontons in a chili oil (different from the dumplings in chili oil, though both are great). A solid mapo tofu. The dry chili wings don't travel well but at worth waiting for at the bar.
If you think these are good dan dan noodles, I feel sorry for you.  They are a gloppy, gluey, NOT SPICY mess.  Greasy and salty and gross.  Go to Grand Sichuan House in Bay Ridge or the mall food court in Flushing.  These are awful.
As an update, this spot really gives some serious competition to the other Sichuan spot in the East Village, Hot Kitchen. However, you don't have to deal with any fake Chinese items on the menu.  Some other standout items here, don't miss out on the Dry Pepper Chicken, which is probably the best version I've had of this dish in NYC (yes, better than Famous Sichuan, Grand Sichuan, Hot Kitchen and others). Also, the Spicy Tofu Fish comes in an amazing sauce that will get you sweating. It's one of the spiciest menus on the items, so heat lovers should try this.
If you don't like sharing plates of spicy Szechuan while downing copious amounts of beer than this probably isn't the place for you. Dan-dan noodles and cucumber salad were great apps to share. Shifu style ginger duck was a welcome reprieve from some of the other spicy entrees we ordered. There can be a long wait, but it's worth it.
Over the past year, I have become an avid fan of Szechuan cuisine and its fiery aromatics.  Prior to the opening of Han Dynasty, Hot Kitchen had served as my go-to destination, leaving this new spot with big shoes to fill.  On the night of our visit, we were greeted by a 15 minute wait time, which was a promising sign of things to come.As usual, we went crazy and ordered a ton of food!  The simple Spicy Crispy Cucumbers were shockingly my favorite dish of the meal.  The crunchy, raw vegetable slices were full of zest.  The Beef and Tripe in Chili Oil was insanely mouth-numbing, and its flavor took a while to dissipate from my mouth.  This was a bit frustrating as it made it hard to experience the true flavors in the subsequent dishes.  The Mapo Tofu with minced pork was good, but not something I would likely order again.  The Dan Dan Noodles, on the other hand, possessed a uniquely buttery texture that was delightful, though I have had spicy versions elsewhere.  We also ordered the Pork Belly Double-Cooked Style, which featured a bold and breath-killing mix of leeks, hot peppers, fermented black beans, and chili oil.   It was absolutely delicious!  The Shrimp in Garlic Sauce was the least spicy dish of the bunch, but we could not get enough of its sweet and sour sauce.  The plate also incorporated fresh vegetables such as bamboo, wood ear mushrooms, and bell peppers.      While I definitely enjoyed Han Dynasty, I felt that some of the dishes had been more satisfying at Hot Kitchen.  I think I am just going to have to "suffer" through a few more meals at each in order to really make a clear verdict, ha!
I cannot handle anything spicy for the life of me, but hell, I would walk barefoot on broken glass for those Dan Dan Noodles (which are only ~$8!).They are literally that good.I've only had Han Dynasty twice - once was for lunch and another was takeout since my dorm is literally across the street; the service both times was spectacular. The lady at the counter was so sweet and my order came out so fast...it made me so happy to the point that I felt like giving everyone a hug. Though I haven't tried it, I'm also very impressed by the fact that they offer lamb as the meat for some of the dishes on their menu. They also allow you to customize the "spice level" of your order which is pretty cool.I'm not surprised that this place is always full, because it's food is amazing, the service is amazing, and the prices are amazing too! Would definitely recommend it; they should expect to see me much more often next semester.
My order never came. Waiter were not there to serve but to deliver. You have to ask them for everything. Don't expect them to come check on you, fill up your empty glass, or refill your teapot. But be careful, these waiters were dashing at 25 miles/hour!  We gave up after an hour of waiting only to find out that my order was not even being prepared. People after us already had their foods on the table.My friend said her food was not that good. She ordered a noodle which came out to be some kind of pudding jelly with hot sauce...Really...? To be honest, it is acceptable if it is labeled as a cold plate or an appetizer but it should not be labeled as a noodle. The fried dumpling has nothing inside and two out of 6 dumplings fell apart.
Han Dynasty probably had the best and most memorable Szechuan food I've had not just in NYC but in the past few years. Most times, Szechuan food hits on just the salty and spicy notes, which I've always enjoyed. However, having several of my favorite Szechuan dishes at Han Dynasty and experiencing a more well rounded, almost modern flavor really changed my perspective.We arrived around 8 on a weeknight and there was already quite a wait. Luckily the restaurant has that service where you put in your phone number and you get a text when your table is ready so we just went and had a drink at a bar across the street. The wait was around 45-60 minutes, enough to have a drink or two and catch up and leave us famished.When we were seated, we ordered quite a few dishes for our party of three because we wanted to try as much as we could:Wontons in Hot Chili Oil - so good with the hot oil and saltiness and so glad it didn't use the sesame or peanut butter sauce. The dish was still slightly sweet but I didn't mind.Dandan Noodles - quite a large portion, really delicious, not too numbingly spicy, and slightly sweet as well.String Beans with Minced Pork - I love ordering this at Szechuan and Shanghainese restaurants but the version here wasn't as good as other places I've had them.Mapo Tofu - a really good mapo tofu, not too numbingly spicy and has a lot of flavor. I still might prefer Mission Chinese Food's versionThree Cup Chicken - I enjoyed the dish, a take on the popular Taiwanese dish of soy sauce, sesame oil, and rice wine. It was flavorful, a bit sweet, and good with rice.Kung Pao Chicken - I'm not a fan of kung pao chicken in general but a friend wanted to order it. Sorry to say but Han Dynasty's version didn't change my mind.The staff was extremely kind and accommodating. The space itself doesn't seat too many tables or people but it doesn't feel too cramped or crowded because it's more wideset than narrow. The highlights of the meal were definitely the Wontons, Dandan Noodles, and Mapo Tofu - and I would gladly come back for just these and can't wait to try the other dishes and maybe even the set dinner.
Hands down, just the best! The crispy cucumbers are out of this world. The Dan Dan noodles are a MUST.
We asked for an order of the rice noodles to be vegan which would have simply removed the egg. The request was ignored without warning. Otherwise, the food was excellent!
Probably my fav chinese spot now in the city.  A mini chain from philly, this place has recently blown up.  They serve awesome beef noodle soup with that ma la tingle to boot, and of course dan dan noodles which are very addicting and should be ordered by at least 1 person at the table.  I havent strayed from these 2 dishes and probably wont need to as they will keep me satisfied in the winter or summer.  They get PACKED for dinner so i usually just stop by for lunch or order take out.  They do plan on ordering delivery in the near future.  If I had to nit pick, they dont use hand made noodles, if they did my mind would explode at the possibilities.
Come here alone or in a small group, come here to eat happily and leave. I don't recommend this for a long sitting party situation -- that's not how you do it. Best things to try:- Beef & Tripe (hottest rating on the menu with #10)- Wontons in Chili Oil- Dry Fry Szechuan BeefIf your plates aren't red, you're doing it wrong!
This is the place to go if you want to leave a Chinese food restaurant happy. The spices are varied and you will be full. I dream of those handy nasty dan dan noodles. The cucumber too, great way to start. Dry pot style (10) is the best of the bunch for entrees.
Went there after watching movie with my friend. It was just around 5:30 but the line was already long and I had waited for 20 mins. The dishes was just OK, I guess might be because there were no very good  Chinese restaurant around that place, so this one was so popular. The service, however, was good.
No reservations unless you have a party of 8 or more.  They will take your name for the list and call you when your table is ready.  There is ABSOLUTELY NO WHERE to wait inside the restaurant, so don't expect to be able to do so.  Friday night at 7:30pm, we were told it would be an hour wait.  It turned into an hour and a half, but I genuinely don't think it was the restaurant's fault - when we checked in after about 70 minutes the woman noticed that the check had been sitting at our intended table and no one there had touched it.  She kindly checked in with them so they started to get going.  She was very busy, very overwhelmed, and very calm and nice through it all.The food is excellent.  Don't go expecting greasily-delicious americanized Chinese food.  This stuff is authentic and great.  A word of warning - I like spicy food - I like it as hot as I can take it without being in pain for more than a minute, and without it being so hot I can't actually taste anything.  Their 1-10 spicy scale system is SERIOUS business.  If you're like me, I wouldn't bother with anything above a 6.As a group of 6, we ordered:-Wontons in chili oil (pork) - really really really good-Spring rolls - tasty, not greasy, BE CAREFUL the duck sauce comes with a thick layer of suuuuuper spicy chinese mustard on top.  My friend and I were not aware.  We simultaneously dunked our bites and then had a video-worthy moment of shock and awe and much crying and silent screaming.-Scallion pancakes - some of the best i've ever had, though small and could have been hotter-Fried dumplings (chicken) - mmmmm dumplings-Dan Dan noodles - my favorite dish of the night.  Very spicy.-Tofu pickled chili style - Very spicy, tofu way undercooked, our table did not enjoy.-Crispy rice style chicken - nice flavors, very authentic, not spicy, rice maybe not so crispy-Kung pao style chicken - AWESOME.  Wanted twice as much.  Order two.The service was very pleasant but a little wonky (dishes clearly came out one at a time whenever they were ready - we didn't get the fried dumplings until the end of the meal, and when we were done a server tried to give us tons more food that was for the table next to us and didn't understand when we told him it wasn't for us - the table next to us was waving and flagging at him and he walked straight past them back to the kitchen.)Best part?  All of that food mentioned for 6 people plus tax & tip?  $15 PER PERSON.  Seriously, folks, FIFTEEN DOLLARS EACH.  NOT KIDDING.#HANDYNASTY4EVA
Food here is great but the waitress who made us wait for a table was a bit rude. It's also ridiculous that they charge you ten bucks for delivery regardless of where you stay since I live just 5 minutes away
Can't stop daydreaming about this place.  The dandan noodles were simply out of control.  They could not be tamed.  The chili oil sauce over dumplings gave me a glimpse at understanding the purpose of existence.  The seasonal vegetable (chopped asparagus with minced pork) was so satisfying and savory that it defied the very nature of being a vegetable.  Lastly, the mapo tofu broke boundaries that I hadn't even known to exist (this here is what the man would call an unknown unknown).  I cannot remember a more well-crafted mouth-watering Chinese food feast in all of my life.
What a pretentious male receptionist!!! Hanged up my phone asking for reservation!!! Called them at 645pm today to make reservation for 6, the guy answered "you better be here early to have your name down, we don't take reservation". Then I asked, are you guys busy, how long will be the wait? He went "listen, we don't take reservation, don't you understand"? I was shocked, but still had patience, nicely repeated my questions again. He then "bang" hanged up.Manager if you see this do some phone conversation training!!
I have come here twice, both times take-out since I live so close.The first time both my boyfriend and I ordered the braised beef noodle soup: they were ok. I was born in China and also a family of wonderful cooks, so I have high expectations of noodles. They were not strongly flavored but the beef was tender and yummy. The portions were huge, both of us were full before we finished our portions, but it was still good enough to finish the entire thing (or if you don't want leftovers in the fridge). I ended up putting some hot sauce in mine because I felt it generally lacked a unique flavor. It was just pretty average beef noodle soup.Yesterday we ordered the Dan Dan noodles we have been hearing so much about as well as pork with garlic sauce. We split both. The noodles were phenomenon! So much better than my own. Maybe it is because I'm not from Southern China but I never had Dan Dan noodles that's sweet and spicy. Definitely a great taste combination. The 6 out of 10 spicy rating might be right on the dot, but even I had to drink some milk to continue eating, and I'm the girl who usually orders spicy things on the menu. The pork with garlic sauce was below mediocre. I grew up eating this dish in my family once  a week, and let's just say it tastes like some veggies tossed in sauce. Also, there's no such a thing as "garlic sauce" really in Chinese cuisine, so I hope the chefs here actually made their own sauce using condiments rather than buying the garlic sauces marketed in the U.S. I would definitely go back again for the noodles, and some of the appetizers look quite authentic as well. It looks crowded but there are always some empty tables every time I have seen it and their take out service is very fast (within 15 minutes).
If you love everything deep fried and dipped in oil , you will love this place. There was enough oil in the food that I could use for a years cooking at home.
Tried luncj special todsy. Double cooked style(pork) was very dry and difficult to bite. Rice was ok. Beef tendon in chili oil was very good!
I want to give this place 1 star. Not because it sucks. Because it is so good I don't want to have to wait hours for a table. It is going to happen. Eat there soon before this turns into another NYC hotspot. My favorites are the hot pot with pork, Dan Dan noodles, spicy cucumbers, and chilled beef tendon. The truth is I have had most of their menu at the exton pa location and you can't go wrong with anything you order. Went on a Sunday afternoon with 8 people after church and everyone got the $20 tasting. Way more food than we needed and the service was great. I am not joking though. Go before it becomes another trendy restaurant with a 2 hour wait. You will thank me.
Han Dynasty is ALWAYS crowded, and for good reason. Szechuan food is great for people who love great flavors and spicy food. Like everyone else, I recommend the dan dan noodles. I also tried the cumin chicken which is super spicy and delicious, but not necessary worth the price, and definitely not the most unique item on the menu. This place is especially great because the portions are so large. You can basically get one entree and an appetizer or two to split between two people. That being said, you come here for good food, not for a nice relaxing dinner. Calling ahead and picking up a few dishes to go is a great option as well.
Checked in for dinnerSpicy Crispy Cucumber - Good Flavor. Nice Dish.Dan Dan Noodle - Good. Authentic Flavor.Dry Pepper Chicken - Delish!  Tasty!Customer service was good and attentive.Would go back again.
LOVE this place so much. The food is delicious and the servers are great too. I went to Sichuan province in China for three weeks and the dishes here are the real deal- super authentic. Some of my favorite dishes are the dan dan noodles, scallion pancake, dry pepper wings, cumin style beef and wontons in chili oil. Try them all
Sadly, I did not have the amazing experience I expected at Han Dynasty. When my friend and I arrived (at 7 pm on a Tuesday night), we were told that there was a 30 minute wait. Ten minutes later, we were texted to return - it was nice that the wait was so short.We ordered cold noodles with sesame oil, hot and spicy chicken and three cup chicken. We asked the waiter for some recommendations, but he just seemed really confused and not very helpful. Thirty minutes after placing our order, our waiter came back and told us there was a mistake in the kitchen and that our food would be out shortly. Thirty minutes later, our food finally started coming out.The cold noodles came out first. They were really tasty and had a nice tang to them. The hot and spicy chicken came out next. I really did not care of this dish, it was soggy tasting and was spicy, without any real flavor. I probably had two bites of this before I didn't want it anymore.The three cup chicken came out next. This was delicious, I would definitely recommend ordering it. I do wish that it had something else in it, some veggies or something to break up our very meat-heavy meal, however, maybe they were going for authenticity, I'm not really super familiar with Szechuan cooking.I think that the poor service really skewed my view on this place, perhaps I'll try again for lunch, they have some really good specials.
Staff is amazing. Food is good but not to the mark of the way real szechuan is suppose to be as to what i have tried at other places... Order dry fish filets and dry cumin lamb. Beef fried rice.. No salt at all. Fish was ok. Lamb made me put 3 star.Final cut not bad but not the best if u have time to search around for 15 to 20 mins then def choose an alternative.
fuck, I'm in the east village and I'm having legit szechuan food right now. whodathunk???? this is trippin me out right now.only had a quick two dishes to go, but it left a very positive first impression. spicy cucumber salad - would've preferred the cucumber unpeeled, I ain't no diva. the sauce was visually unfamiliar, kind of a textured orange dressing, but it was recognizably jolted with that special peppercorn. mung bean noodle with spicy black bean sauce - motherfuckers this sauce is IT. the sauce was so good that we dumped the rice that it came with into the takeout container and devoured the sauce remnants on the street outside like a bunch of untethered vagrants. I'll be back.
Glad to see a Han Dynasty up in new York. As a Philly dweller, I've come to enjoy the spiciness and authenticity of Han dynasty. I've come here twice so far. Two completely different experiences. First was simply TOGO. THE LINE IS INSANE. At least an hour or so wait. I grabbed Dan Dan noodles TOGO, not the best to be honest. Very little sauce,super oily, and just not the best. 2nd time, I actually dined in with some friends - much better experience. Quality was the kind I remembered from Philly. Overall, great place for spicy Chinese. Expect it to be busy, cramped, but delicious
Was charged 20% gratuity for the four of us, after tax amount.  Asked the manager if it's within their normal policy.  He claimed it was.  Eaten there half a dozen times and was never charged that.  What?
Came here on a recommendation. I was told to get the Dan Dan noodles and they were delicious. Also ordered the wontons in chili oil, Taiwanese fried rice, and the dry pepper style beef. The standouts were the noodles and the fried rice, but everything was tasty. If you're looking for a nice fragrant spicy fix, this place hits the spot.
After all the fanfare and amazing reviews of this place I set my expectations high. That was my first mistake. Second mistake was not listening to nymag or fellow yelpers and order the signature dishes on their menu like the dry pepper chicken or the chicken wings. That being said, the food was still very good and the service was extremely fast. I went with two friends I hadn't seen in a while, so if you're looking for a place to sit down, chat, drink some tea and gobble some Chinese you might want to look for a less popular joint. We had the Dan Dan noodles to start which were spicy, but very flavorful. The real highlight of the appetizers were the spicy cucumbers - really refreshing before a heavy Chinese meal and not too spicy. For the main dishes we had the garlic sauce beef and the double cooked chicken - the beef wins the prize here - perfect combination of sweet hoisin sauce and spicy garlic. I'm tempted to give 4 stars because of the price, but I'll wait until I come back next time - hopefully I'll be in more of a mood for some quick, spicy, cheap Chinese.
This new buzzy restaurant is worth the buzz.  I would've complained about the hour and a half wait on a Saturday night.   However, the restaurant uses a text message system that alerts you when your table is ready via your cell.  Head to a bar, have a drink and before you know it you'll get the text and have 10 minutes to get back.The food was definitely worth the wait.  Everyone says get the dan dan noodles... and they are right!  They're great.  The eggplant is bursting with flavor, probably my favorite dish.  We also got the three pot chicken, it wasn't what we expected, wouldn't call it an authentic three pot chicken.  While i was gawking at the food the people around me got I wanted their dishes too!  Maybe it was just me but the spice wasn't overwhelming.  We had a couple of "8" heat dishes but it wasn't that bad.  Bottom line, eat here.
Everyone was right, the Dan Dan noddles were excellent ! I also had the Dry Pepper Chicken which was very good also.   Great restaurant that is going into the rotation.
Great food, excellent service!We bought guests from Taiwan to the place.The hostess provided excellent suggestion and the food was very authentic.
Food was good, service was good except for feeling a little rushed at the end even though the place was not full. Also a bit annoyed at the fact that the host, who asked if it was our first time there, which it was, immediately told us not to go to their competition 2 doors down. I've been there and like the food and the people. There's obviously some animosity between the two places but don't wear it on your sleeve randomly to new customers who live in the area and are potential return customers ( I pointed that out to him) particularly because, as in my case, I've been to the other place (since it was there first) and liked it.
Make sure to make reservations during peak times. I highly recommend ordering the dry pepper wings (warning must be able to handle spicy). Cumin fries also a good recommendation
The noise was unbearable. The food was mediocre and pretentious. I will try to avoid it in spite of its popularity.
Giving 3 stars because it was good, not great. I had the Dan Dan noodles and it was flavorful and yummy! Didn't expect it to be so spicy though!
This is the real deal Chinese food. It's authentic, spicy and I like it!They have the good kind of spicy, when the food remains flavorful and the heat just accents it. It's not the bad kind of spicy, when you can't even finish your meal and you're sweating bullets. If you like and want that kind of spicy, I suggest you try dipping a ghost chili in sriracha and eat it. Otherwise, I highly recommend you order the dumplings in chili oil. They were ridiculously good! The dan dan noodles were also pretty good. The noodles were nice and chewy, full of flavor. The salt & pepper scallops were a little mehhh for me. It wasn't the best salt & pepper seasoned breading I ever had. I would rather have had two orders of the dumplings instead.But to those watching their diets, I'll just state the obvious--the food is greasy. Everything is cooked in oil, but deliciously so.
I've been here three times now, and it has yet to disappoint.  The food is awesome and a good deal (well, relatively speaking?  Idk, I've lived in NY all my life, my perceptions might be distorted on this one).Tips:- Take the spicy-ness ratings seriously- they really mean it.- Order the dan dan noodles.... you're welcome.- Unless you go at a seriously off-peak hour, anticipate a wait.  Arrive early, put your name down, and go for a stroll.
Hmm is it just me but the Dan Dan noodles and dumpling in chili oil didn't live to the hype? The noodles lack texture (too soft) and taste is a lil bland (sick of it after literally the 5th bite). The meat in the dumpling were so little and tiny. Had to takeaway most of them and still contemplating whether to eat these unjustifiable carbs tomorrow. Sure they may be the best in East Village but if you frequently and happily have Dan Dan noodles and/or dumplings elsewhere, manage your expectations.Honestly I'd have given a 3-star rating; but to neutralize the good reviews (just so that readers don't get disappointed like I did) I'm giving Han a 2.
What do you not want to see appearing in your lunch? Well there's many answers to that question, but dry rice and a small piece of teflon would definitely be solid options.
This seems like one of those restaurants that is revelatory in Philly or the chain's mostly suburban strip mall locations  but seems a bit out of place in NYC. The interior is sort of cold and humorless. It looks exactly like the Vietnamese restaurant in a strip mall in the immigrant part of your medium size town alongside the Eastern seaboard.   Cafeteria like, with cheap chairs and hilarious art on the walls.  I assume the owner decorated it with humor in mind, but to me it's a slap in the face of restaurateurs that actually try to make a beautiful & welcoming space. The service is warm and welcoming. In fact, the service is the one truly surprising experience. The servers are invariably helpful and warm, very unlike most of the Chinese restaurants in NYC. The food seemed a step down from the flavor experience I've tried in other Sichuan restaurants. Definitely felt like the chefs lowered the heat down a notch and the flavor lacked dimensionality. Some dish thoughts: Eggplant with garlic sauce - Well cooked eggplant, strangely bland sauce.  I think it lacked salt. Dan Dan Noodles - way too peanuty. I don't know if this is a more traditional rendition, but I've never had Dan Dan noodles taste more of peanut and less of chilis. Also noodles clearly tasted out of a box. Dry Pot Fish - best dish of the night. Much higher quality of fried fish than I am used to. Excellently cooked. Crunchy vegetables and lots of chilis. Anyone familiar with Sichuan cooking would not rate this restaurant five stars.
Amazing...we looked for a place that would appeal to foodies during our trip to NYC. Han Dynasty fit the bill, we were there during the soft opening. It was the perfect time...seated quickly, great service, and amazing food. We started with dumplings in chili oil...a MUST if you go. Then we split a plate of garlic chicken, and beef lo mien...the flavors were great. Each one had different layers and depth of flavor you don't normally get with Chinese food. The pot of tea for the table was refreshing and also a great flavor...not cheap tea like you get elsewhere. The dining room filled quickly during the time we were there and I'm glad the location is doing well already. We will be back the next time we're in the area.
Terrible Restaurant. Im giving a 1-star only because there's no negative options.We ordered via delivery.1. the price they post online is not the real price they will charge you. when we pay for  the delivery, the total cost is $8 more. 2. we paid extra for brown rice but got white rice. when we called them, they refused to take the responsibility and said it was the delivery guy's problem, with terrible attitude.3. the serving is tiny for the amount they charge you. a sauteed vegetable dish cost $15. three dish cost us $74. I've never given one-star review on Yelp but this Han Dynasty made me have to tell all of you that----DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE PEOPLE.极其糟糕的中餐馆。我真想骂你负分滚粗。非常贵，乱收费，分量少，态度差。能想到一切的差事儿都给他们家--汉朝--包揽了。3小盘菜74美金。
I didn't eat at the restaurant because it was packed. I was really looking for take out anyway. I ordered some Chicken with Garlic Sauce and Brown Rice to go. Didn't have to wait too long before my order was ready and I took it home. WHen I took the food out of the bag it had white rice instead of brown. After cursing and banging shit around in disgust, I finally sat down to eat my meal. Needless to say, it was the best Chicken with Garlic Sauce I've had in years! This is the authentic old school style Chinese Restaurant that I feel has been missing from NYC for quite some time. This place reminded me of the old China 59 (not the new one) that use to be downtown near off Fulton Street near the old WTC. I'm so used to being short changed on the chicken that I was in heaven with this dish. Yeah, I was pissed because they didn't listen to me and put white rice instead of brown, but...the damn food was so good I'm not going to throw the baby out with the bath water. I'll just be more emphatic next time. TWO THUMBS UP!
The gradual Americanization of this place is so disappointing. If Han Dynasty plans on eliminating all of of its Asian customers it's doing a great job. My kung pao chicken tonight was a complete joke. Where are the Sichuan peppercorn? Where are the hot red dry peppers? How can you call yourself a Sichuan restaurant when you don't put any peppercorn in the kung pao chicken? Peppercorn is the cornerstone of Sichuan cuisine, so where are they?! My kung pao chicken tastes like the fake stuff you find at cheap Chinese takeout joints where they kill all the flavors to appeal to the boring American palate that can't handle spice, can't handle intensity, can't handle interesting textures, can't handle real Chinese flavors. Big chunks of vegetables? That's for pigs and horses. Chinese people eat things finely sliced, diced, or chopped into delicate, bite-sized pieces. Properly sliced food is an art but you won't find it here. Even my favorite, the Dry Pepper Chicken had about 75% of the dry red peppers removed and 90% of the peppercorns! Why?! Dear ignorant patron: not everything in a dish is meant to be consumed. Just like chicken bone don't  actually eat the red peppers--they're just there to impart flavor. To my Asian brethen: this confirms that Flushing and Chinatown are the only places in NYC where you can find real Chinese food. Everywhere else the food is corrupt!
Beyond the friendly and knowledgeable staff, the evenly-paced service, the affordable prices, and the warm atmosphere, the food was damn near perfect.  At 6:30pm on a Monday night, the three of us only waited about seven minutes for a table which, considering Han Dynasty is one of the city's current hot spots, is pretty awesome. For appetizers, the three of us split wontons in chili oil, spicy crispy cucumbers, Dan Dan noodles, and scallion pancakes.We chose to split two entrees among the three of us:  Cumin lamb and "crispy rice shrimp."  While I enjoyed the lamb, I found the shrimp dish to be extremely underwhelming.  It was as if someone accidentally dumped the entire box of corn starch in to the sauce because it was so gelatinous and gloppy.  Blech!!
Went here today for my second visit. Food was great both times.First visit I had the sausage app, which looked so plain and boring, a plat full of sliced sausage, but wow, what a flavor. Dumplings in chili oil, not too spicy, and it had great flavor. And the dan dan noodles, was good, not great, had some flavor, but too spicy for me. Second visit was slightly better, had the cucumber app, which was great, cumin fries, just ok, and the twice cooked port belly, wholly cow was that good. I think it had the same chili oil sauce as the dumplings, which was weird because the table next to me said he got the same things, and recommend i keep the chili oil on the table after i ate the dumplings, and dip the pork belly in it, yet it tasted like the same sauce. So the pork belly was sliced so thin, like on a deli meat slicer, have not seen that before, and it was so delicate that i thought it was noodles at first,
A very spicy birthday spot.  This place was great for a larger group.  We were able to make a reservation and sit at a round table- which was so fun for conversation. + The food was served family style and seemed endless- it was all sorts of spicy and deliciousness. Ambiance is simple but nice- its a great value and wonderful flavors for a group.
ok. I get why people like this place. The food is pretty good. But the service is horrible. we have been waiting for 20 mins for dishes to come and they are just a bit to sweet- not szechuan, but more like shanghai. Maybe I just have high expectations for this place. :(
Very mediocre. I was psyched to have some Chinese food (my wife is not a fan) and my standards aren't high but thus was below them. The staff were nice but the food was lame. My cold sesame noodles were soggy and bland, a bad combo. My fried shrimp were ok but the flavoring was dull. All in all very underwhelmed.
The service is bad. This is our second time here and today we asked if we could have string beans without pork and add chicken. We were told no and that the chef won't do that. There was really no good reason why they wouldn't do it for us. We also watched people waiting to be seated go unacknowledged for minutes at a time. Definitely a turn off. Most likely will not return.Update-Service was horrible, canned soda was warm, chicken in the fried rice did not look like chicken. The waiter was very rude and almost laughing in our face. You don't have to be a genius to know that you should just say "sorry" and uphold customer service. The phone was ringing off the hook unanswered as well. They didn't replace our plates or ask how food was. Never returning.
Everything was tasty, but there was A LOT of oil in play (and obviously on my shirt).  The wonton soup in chicken broth was really tasty, enough for 2 bowls and a pint to go.  The dumplings were really good but swimming in oil; the crispy cucumber was surprisingly delicious (coming from someone who's not crazy about cucs), but also swimming...the dan dan noodles had the perfect amount of heat, the eggplant was a nice compliment to the noodles, and the pork hot sauce style was very good but I would have liked a slotted spoon to extract it from its chile oil bath.The wait was only 20 minutes at 7pm on a Thursday, which was way better than expected, and the service was organized, helpful, and efficient.  Lasting thought though, $90 for Chinese for 2 (included 2 drinks and a lunch worth of leftovers), I was honestly hoping for more than "pretty good."
Pretty authentic Szechuan food. Make sure you can take the heat! The dan dan noodles are a must. I also liked the scallion pancakes. Food comes quick. Don't expect a library.... this place gets crazy noisy at dinner!
Been here a bunch of times now and its always satisfying. The main entrees are not for me but I can easily fill up on the apps. The Dan Dan Noodles, Cold Sesame Noodles, Bok Choy, Dry Pepper Chicken Wings, Scallion Pancakes and of course the Spicy Crispy Cucumber cannot be missed. All those items there you cannot go wrong with and will leave your stomach happy and full!!!
Best food ever. Get the Dan Dan noodles (obviously) and any entree. Love the garlic style, also scallion pancake and hot chili oil dumplings!
Been eating here often in the 6 months. I would like to amend my original review as they have established themselves quite nicely.
Very authentic and delicious Sichuan cuisine. Must try the dry pepper chicken. Affordable lunch menu as well.
Went to Han Dynasty one evening when it was snowing and frigid outside to say the least.  The place was pretty busy but service was still acceptable.  The spicy wontons and the dan dan noodles were the best.  Pass on the fried dumpling; they're generic and pretty flavorless.  The tofu with garlic sauce is also unremarkable.  Beers are fairly inexpensive and the interior is nothing to memorable.  Due to the snow storm they decided to close early.  Pity for them, they would have been rocking all night otherwise as people kept trying to come in for dinner.
Was dying to go here for weeks but the wait kept me away. We went on a Wednesday night at 7:30, 3 people, and it was a solid hour wait. They do take your number and text you when your tables ready, so you can leave - a huge plus. If you're looking for ambiance or an atmosphere that allows for talking, not the right place. It has no character and it's loud, but the food compensates. Dan Dan Noodles are RIDICULOUS. Hands down my favorite item we ordered. The heat creeps up on you. A sleeper dish was the spicy crispy cucumbers. They're really refreshing and delicious. Also had the dumplings in chili oil. They were good, but a little too much dough/not enough filling for me. Won ton soup in chicken broth was great. Much better than your average Chinese restaurant and a huge portion for sharing. Dry Pepper Style Chicken was really good. If you don't eat the peppers, not incredibly hot. Accidentally slip a dry chili pepper in a bite - boom... fire. It's very fried, so if you are looking for something light, not the right choice. Beef Long Hot Pepper Style was also very good, but not spicy enough for me. You can ask them to kick it up a notch and wish I had. They now have a beer and wine menu. Would definitely go back, sit at the bar and devour Dan Dan Noodles.
Best Chinese food I have had in years. I will be coming back time and time again! Kung Pao Chicken and Dan Dan Noodles were ordered. Top notch! Have patience when eating here they are busy all the time. Just enjoy!
It's bizarre that a Philly transplant would be one of the best Szechuan restaurants in the city, but hey - Colombe Torrefaction is also from Philly. In short, the food is incredible: not your typical American-Chinese cuisine. It's fresh, delicious, little sauce but tons of flavor. It pays to know how to order. Here's what you should get:Twice-cooked fish.Salt and Pepper Shrimp.Black bean beef.Dry fry style beer.The food is meant to be shared. In a few months, this place will be overrun. Get in while you can.
It took almost two hours for my delivery to come. I ordered right when the restaurant opened and only got 2 entrées and wonton soup. I have never waited this long for Chinese food. Would not order from here again!!!!
Nice and spicy in the village. They have a good balance of numbing and spicy flavor. Go family style and you can try more. Take out is the way to avoid the wait.
Love Love Love!!!! out the world Chinese food....am a huge fan....it's the food that make the 1.5hour wait bearable!!! the space is cramped, and there is a continuous rush, but food arrives on your table pretty quick and is delicious!!!!
Went on Monday night about 6pm.. Plenty of seating at that time so if you're gonna go in a big group go on weekdays for shorter wait. We ordered family style and ordered the top dishes. The dan dan noodles were great- nice spice and flavorful. However.. It had very tiny pieces of pork supposedly my friend said. Since I'm pescatarian it kind of made the dish less appetizing. We also got the spicy cucumber- it's nice spicy and refreshing.. But nothing that blew my top per say.. Tons of korean kimchi dishes that taste like that. Also we got the spicy fish dish- I love fish... But did not like the fish they used there... It had a slimy texture that didn't agree with me.
Good szechuan food, we had the spicy chicken with a vege appetizer. The wines should be avoided. Overall nothing too special and not memorable, I probably will not come here again unless with a group who insists.  Reservations recommended as the wait was terrible.
On the heels of having my soul crushed by learning that my Amazing Greens Acai Bowl from Juice Generation has more sugar than a snickers bar, I had dinner here with two good friends last night and had overly salted vegetables.  We ordered the string beans with pork, pea-shoots, dan dan noodles and the salt content  was out of sight.Why so much???Had it not been for that, Han Dynasty would have earned 4 stars.wcpo.com/lifestyle/food/…
Nice selection of different Chinese cooking styles prepared quite well. Prices are reasonable.
Did I hit it on a bad day? The restaurant claims its chef is from Chengdu but I found the food very bland and flavorless. The gan bian si ji dou (Green beans with pork) had none of the Sichuan spice. When I asked to make it spicier, they sprinkled on what appeared to be red pepper flakes from a pizzeria. Cold sesame noodles were edible, nothing more.
Update 2: Bumping it to a 5. Not every dish is dialed in, but the ones that are just make me happy. For this type of food, it hits the spot perfectly, and it's def on my go-to list. I think they've thrown down the gauntlet on the spice levels as well. Definitely try the beef tendons in chili oil. Update: Tried the wings. They are amazing. Meat is perfectly tender, while the skin is nice and crispy. Spices are spot-on, too. If I could order a tub of them, I would.Came by for dinner service on a Friday night around 7pm and we were seated within 20 minutes. My expectations were hopeful, yet cautious?  In comparison, Szechuan Gourmet in Midtown seems to be very popular in the city, but, while good, I find it lacks in Szechuan flavor. Thankfully, Han Dynasty doesn't skimp as much on the "mala" spicy flavors, which many would describe as a lightly citrus-y, slightly tongue-numbing taste. All in all, I'd say Han Dynasty is currently my favorite Westernized Szechuan restaurant in Manhattan so far. We were seated at the bar, and Mark, one of the partners of Han Dynasty happened to be manning the station. He seems to be overseeing operations until they find a GM. We chatted up and he did mention that, for the sake of the Western palette, they do purposely hold back on spiciness as well as the mala flavor, which is extracted by roasting Szechuan peppercorns. So while the spice level goes up to "(10)" on the menu, amongst the pantheon of traditional Szechuan restaurants (or spicy Thai), I'd say it's more like a 5. However, Mark did say that all spiciness and mala-ness is adjustable upon request. Also, just for the record, I find truly traditional spicy Szechuan to be nigh inedible. Still, I think at Han, I could safely push to (12-14).The spicy wontons were delicious. Cooked perfectly, they are served in a bowl of Szechuan chili sauce, with a decent amount of mala. Just enough to distinguish, but not so much that it would freak out Szechuan newbies. I think I could have eaten the whole bowl myself. I pretty much wanted to lather the sauce on everything, which I did end up doing for their been noodle soup.Speaking of beef noodle soup, it's a pretty classic Chinese dish. I don't know if I would describe it as Szechuan food, but every Chinese restaurant seems to try their hand at it, for better or worse. It definitely gets mentioned a lot among my generation of Chinese friends as one of their favorite dishes. Personally, I think it's a pretty risky dish to order. The broth needs to be done just right to make it truly good, and I find most Chinese restaurants are really lazy about it. It should have a good complex, beefy, slightly spicy, vibrant broth. I'd estimate less than 1 in 5 Chinese restaurants have it down (probably less because I usually avoid ordering it). Here at Han Dynasty, the regular version is served with the typical chunks of beef with bamboo shoots. The noodles were good, the bamboo was good, but the broth was pretty mediocre. I wish we had ordered their Szechuan version.  Hence, I ended up dipping the noodles in the spicy wonton sauce. We also got a dry style pot entree with fish. As the name suggests, it comes in a small metal pot on top of a temporarily active burner. I suppose the dry part comes from not being served as a stew as it often is, but the dish is still sauced well. Served with leeks, lotus root, bamboo shoots, peppers, and onion, overall, it's delicious, but if there's a wet version, I may prefer that. The dish was listed as a (10) on their spice scale, which is a good, still delicious amount.
This is a solid place. I have been here twice, and there is always good service, its fast, and the food doesn't disappoint. Dishes can be spicy so beware if you are not into that. Had the Kung Pao chicken, Sesame cold noodles, and the dan dan.If you have heard of or been to pei wei, I would say the food and ambiance are comparable. You can make a reservation for the back table if you have a party of 8! Otherwise you may wait, but the wait the times I have been were not long. Its a good casual place for lunch or dinner.
Don Don noodles simply amazing! I tried also the Lamb cumin dish which was exceptional too. Lastly their fried chicken is delicious.
The lunch special, scallion beef, was delicious but small. I left hungry.
Loved this place. Super flavorful food at great prices. Can't wait to return soon.
Had a group dinner here, excellent service and food. Dan dan noodles are the choice app, eggplant entree is phenomenal. Will be back again.
I think they are still in "soft opening" mode, so there may be changes that occur in the next few weeks.I've been here a few times now and I'm definitely a fan. I see times where there is quite a bit of a wait, but oftentimes I manage to slide in at the bar or go a little early before the rush. I've also walked by the place later in the night, where it isn't too crazy.The first time here, I checked in with Yelp and ordered the Dan Dan Noodles and Dry Fry style with Beef (although we asked for Pork). The owner ended up taking our orders and insisted on the beef. AND IT WAS DELICIOUS. The noodles were soft, but still chewy, but the entree definitely took the prize. I also got the spicy crispy cucumbers, which cut the flavor and was delicious. It's in their chili oil, which is DIVINE.The second time, I tried the dumplings in chili oil, and that is hands down MY FAVORITE thing in this place. The Dan Dan Noodles don't compare to the simplcity and deliciousness of their chili oil sauce. We actually keep that around after we eat it to use with the other dishes. The dumplings just offer more, in my opinion.The third time, the dumpling size was seriously inconsistent in that one dish. One had TONS of meat, but there were others with barely any or none at all. Hmm. It was still delicious.Overall the service is always great. I think they are still working out some kinks. Sometimes there is a wait, but I never waited too long. The food is delicious. The dumplings in chili oil is my hands down favorite thing here. The price is amazing. It's SO affordable and the servings are plentiful. My husband and I split an appetizer (or 2) and a meal.
I lived in China for two years and am a vegetarian, so am reviewing as a person who greatly appreciates finding authentic Chinese food state-side and as a tofu enthusiast. First off, I remain incredibly sad that Han Dynasty took Home Style Tofu off the menu. Apparently, I was the only person who ordered it, but I assure you it was delicious. While their Mapo Tofu is perfectly good, I have recently begun to order the Dry Pot Style Tofu, and it is delicious. It is not really a level 10 in spiciness and I love the added bonus of my two favorite, but rare vegetables, lotus root and bamboo shoots.  I will also say that they have always been very accommodating to vegetarians, leaving off the pork in dishes like the Mapo Tofu and Dan Dan Noodles. However, I have never inquired whether they use animal ingredients as flavorings as is common practice in much Chinese food. I justify the high prices by the fact that the main dishes are quite large and can be shared by two people or eaten over several meals. Other reviews:Wontons in chili oil: boyfriend says are very good and very spicyEggplant in garlic sauce: very goodString beans: more American style and not really gan bian siji douDan dan noodles: very good, but prefer to eat this at the restaurant than order inCold sesame noodles: delicious, especially if everything else you're ordering is spicyGarlic sauce style: pretty good, only order if you enjoy wood ear mushrooms. Don't love the tofu preparation of this one.Scallion pancakes: take em or leave em.
Too lazy to leave my apartment, but wanted to try this place out.  Thankfully, there's an option (found by my wife) to try this place without leaving the comfort of your home...trycaviar.comOrdered shifu special three cup chicken, cumin style lamb, dry pot shrimp...all very well seasoned with most protein options. Very impressed.God, I love NYC!!!
Their dan dan noodle and Liang pi was delicious! If I'm only reviewing those two dishes, they are definitely 4/5 stars. It's really spicy and the best sauce I've had! I also liked the fish and tofu dish. The main dishes and some of the Szechuan stables were very Americanized so I was not a huge fan.
Tried their famous Dan Dan Noodle. Decent flavor, but definitely not authentic DDN, different sauce, different noodle, different chili oil. The noodle is almost like spaghetti slightly overlooked. The sauce is not peanutty and rich. The spiciness is more of a mala style than Szechwan style. Overall nice flavor as a noodle dish. Being cheap and fast earns it 3 stars.
Their Szechan food is almost authentic! We went at 10:30PM after black Friday shopping but we still have to wait for 10 minutes, how popular it is... Definitely recommend. So clean and nicer than many Chinese restaurant that u can even bring a date.
The only place I will even bother eating this type of food. Only thing that would be nice is if they took reservations because to wait an hour sometimes is miserable
Simply put, great Szechwan.  There is nothing hipster about this place, (like Pok Pok or Mission Chinese), this place is just straight forward great food at normal prices.   It has been open for 2 weeks and I am sure is going to blow up.  Went here for a late lunch on a sunday and had the dan dan noodles, cucumbers, wontons in chili, scallion pancake and the cumin lamb.  Everything was really tasty, spicy and flavorful.  If you like spicy Chinese food, you are in for a treat.  This place has since blown up - expect to put your phone # down, go for a drink across the street and have them text you.  The wait is usually not as long as they say it will be.
When I eat Asian cuisine, I usually go to Flushing, which has the best Chinese and Korean food I have ever tasted. So since I was in the area, I decided to search up some Chinese areas on yelp. When we arrived, we initially talked to them in Chinese, but when they didn't understand we realized the store was completely Americanized. For me, the food was pretty good, the dan dan noodles and dry pot were pretty good. My dad, who's more picky when it comes to asian cuisine, thought it tasted more like Guan Dong food rather than Szechuan. He warned me that this looked like it would cause a stomachache, and sure enough, it did. It's a decent place for Manhattan but it can't compete with anything I've eaten in flushing.
Came for lunch on a weekday.It's a decent place for szechuan, seriously I've had better though. Service was atrocious, with servers standing around bored in the midst of customers dying of spicy mouths (read: WATER PLEASE).I thought it was really weird how the 3 of us ordered lunch specials and only got one bowl of rice to share. Ooh so--you have to keep asking them to refill the rice. Did they seriously run out of bowls or something?
Tried to order delivery.  Called the restaurant, but they told me that they only take orders online.  Website gives two choices for online ordering: ChowNow and DoorDash.  I choose ChowNow, enter my information and start ordering, only to get a warning that my order does not meet the $150.00 minimum. $150.00 minimum!!  I'm only ordering for my family, so no way will I ever order $150.00 of food.  Cancel that and start on DoorDash instead.  Enter my information on DoorDash, and start ordering, only to see that the dishes are each $2 more expensive than on their menu (or on ChowNow).  On top of that, they want to charge me a $1.99 Delivery Charge (separate from the tip -- I don't have an issue with tipping).  So, for the privilege of ordering from this place, I have to pay 2 different surcharges.  Methinks not.  Cancel that and order from Grand Sichuan through Seamless.  No jacked-up menu prices.  No "delivery charges." No business for Han Dynasty....
Came here on a Saturday night, and was told the wait would be close to an hour. No worries, I had heard pretty good things so I was willing to wait. We had the Dan Dan noodles and triple-fried beef, both 6's on the spicy chart. I must say, the dan dan noodles were incredibly spicy and I would recommend asking them to turn it down a notch. They were still extremely good too, and the beef. I would definitely come back just for those two, but there are so many other tantalizing items on the menu that I must branch out next time!Service was great, and the prices were very reasonable (not Chinatown but good enough).
This place has the most awful seating policy. I can literally see tables empty with 4 chairs and they won't seat us coz we are only 2. Its a Monday night. If it weren't for good food its an awful service
Delicious meal at Hans Dynasty. Standouts were Dan Dan Noodles, dumplings, string beans w minced pork, cucumbers were amazing...Would highly recommend this restaurant just make sure you are ready for the heat as the dishes are spicy
Epic FAIL. What a disappointment... Just ate there. I have never eaten such salty food before. We actually returned the dry fried pepper chicken because it was so ridiculously salty. Even when they brought another plate back, I had to eat three to four bites of rice for every little piece of chicken. The spicy cucumber, the wonton in chili oil, the pea leaves with garlic... ALL salty... The flavors were there but a meal like that cannot be good for your health.It looked very promising with all the Chinese people in there but man, I will never go back there again. Cafe China is much better. Didn't even care about the slow service. It was super crowded so that was expected. We waited about 30 minutes for a table of two and it was definitely not worth the wait.The one good thing is that they were nice about getting us another plate when we said it was too salty.
Ordered the dumplings in chili oil (very spicy) it was so good I wished the serving was bigger! Great place though always crowded
Hot, authentic, amazing. What are you waiting for? Go get some.I was visiting Manhattan last week and had a chance to eat at Han Dynasty with my best friend. Here's a short, but hopefully helpful, review.The place was packed at 7:00 on a Sunday night. True, it was dinner time, but it seems Han Dynasty is seriously blowing up. I was quickly greeted by the host and told a two-top would be a 45 minute wait. He entered my cell number into his iPad, which immediately sent me a text indicating another would come when our table was ready. I grabbed a seat at the bar and downed a beer while I waited for my buddy to arrive. A few minutes after he arrived, another bar seat opened up, so we decided to dine at the bar. The bartender was super friendly and helpful. He made three recommendations for us - all dishes we could share - everything sounded good and we pulled the trigger. Here's what we ate:1) Dan Dan noodles. Phenomenal. Probably my favorite dish. Slow build on the heat and perfectly cooked noodles with minced pork. 2) Spicy cucumber. Slices of cucumber swimming in a greasy, spicy bath of sauce. Usually, this dish is too 'thin' (for me) in terms of the sauce (many places serve it drenched in rice vinegar with some kind of hot pepper flakes). Made that way, it's a very refreshing side for a summer BBQ. However, the spicy cucumbers at Han Dynasty are prepared in thicker sauce that stands up to cold weather too. Simply delicious. In fact, I tried to make this dish when I returned home. Definitely not as good as at Han Dynasty!    3) Chicken wings. A pile of healthy wings covered in Szechuan peppercorns. Pretty darn tasty, and spicy as all get out.Outstanding meal! I'm really stoked to get back!
This place is highly overrated.  The food was OK, the flavor is only on-par or slightly worse vs the other Sichuan places that are popping up all over the place.Really nothing special.  In the area, Hot Kitchen is superior (just look at the clientelle, and ask yourself which one is more authentic).  La Vie en Sichuan in midtown is much better and more authentic.I don't normally write reviews but what tipped me over the edge was the truly terrible Dan Dan Noodles.  It was extremely soggy - literally like it had been sitting for a few hours.  Soggiest noodles (of any kind) I have ever had - wholly unexpected.  Still very popular with our neighboring tables, so I guess soggy is what people expect?Such a basic basic dish and yet still screwed up.Other dishes were fine.  So just avoid the Dan Dan noodles.
Delicious Sichuan food. Highly recommend all the classics: mapo tofu, dry chili chicken, yuxiang eggplant, and the delish dandan noodles. Service was slightly meh and admittedly the selection is a bit less than in Chinatown, but so tasty.
I've been to the Philadelphia location many times, and finally made it to the NYC location!  Loved the food, which came out piping hot.  Highly recommend the Dan Dan Noodles and Fish Dry Pot!
Unbelievable food. Ginger duck, chicken wings, vegetables, everything was AMAZING!!!
Yummy - have been to the one in Philly a few times and it's always on point. Ordered from this location last night - deliver was quick and the chicken in garlic sauce spicy. Def recommend it along with the Spicy Cucumber, Dan Dan Noodles (they don't list if but they have pork in them - order then vegetarian if that's what your expecting), Bok Choy and Mushrooms, and Triple Fried Fish!
Very good taste. Authentic foods. The restaurant layout is a great combination of American and Chinese style.
I ordered dandan noodle. It tastes good, but I feel too much oil. Will try others next time.
I'd recommend Dan Dan noodles , garlic sauce entrees and double cooked dishes..food was amazing, spicy , vinegar-y and just near perfect. Also service was great (small space and lots of staff) Luis was our server and he was very knowledgeable on the menu and was very  friendly.
Local Chinese  restaurant with tasty meals and reasonable prices in the area. You couldn't have a cheaper meal around 3av&12st. Better if you're going with a group. Try their Dan Dan Noodles (ask for veggie if you're not eating pork). Cons: waiting time and loudy (not an ideal place for chatting).
Very good place for vegetarians They can make almost any dish veggie if you ask. The cumin style tofu and the cold noodles with chili sauce were delicious. I'm eager to go back and try more dishes.
Excellent if you know what to order and like authentic Szechuan food. Definitely get the scallion pancakes, mungbean noodles, and wontons in hot chili oil. Don't bother with dishes like the garlic chicken, that's where this place starts tasting like the typical boring Americanized version of Chinese food. Also, I didn't experience any problems with the service.
I really like this place. Good Chinese food with a twist, a very fairly priced and varied lunch menu, free tea (as it should be!) and very friendly, hip waiters. The eggplant and mapo tofu are personal favorites. It feels classy and pleasant, unlike Chinatown restaurants that you just want to leave asap after finishing the food.I'm a fan, for sure!
A decision was made to visit this place on the Chinese New Year, sensing beforehand it would be very busy.  After agreeing to a 40 minute wait, we decided to spend this time drinking beer at a neighboring sports bar.  When we came back at our designated time we found out about an additional 1 hr wait, all that after our supposed turn was up, and the explanation provided was that precedence was being given to larger parties.  We stuck it out nevertheless, despite our serious indignation, and wound up entertaining  ourselves by watching disgruntled reactions of others to being told about the wait, which had apparently ballooned to 3 hours( very amusing reading their lips behind the glass forming 'Oh Hell No"). Also not going in our favor was the noticeable fact that the customers at the restaurant were very slow to get up making it seem our turn was never going to come, but more on this later.  'This food's better be worth it', I told my friends.Why am I dismissing the aforementioned waiting disaster and ironically awarding this restaurant a 5 star rating? THE FOOD REDEMPTION. It was sensational.  From the slow burn of the chili oil soaked dan dan noodles to the mouth numbing scorcher of the beef and tripe, this is a heat seeker's dream come true.  With mouths on fire and lips singed from these dishes I had to confirm with my friend whether the later served delicious and extremely flavorful three cup chicken was spicy as it got to the point when I lost the ability to tell.  I then thought to myself, "Why am I even asking? Their feedback is just as unreliable". The crispy fish with leeks is a must-have, and the crispy chicken turned out very addictive.  Couple all this with a glass of Kwak (totally unexpected for it to be offered here), and the overall experience more than exceeded all my expectations.The endorphin release put us in a euphoric, hypnotic state. We realized why the patrons were so slow to leave.  Suddenly, we were able to see things from their perspective, taking our sweet time, and being totally oblivious of the world outside our table..
Ok so this place isn't bad, but it's not fantastic either. The spiciness levels are way overstated - a 10/10 on the menu is only about a 4/10 in real sichuan terms. You likely won't be upset about dining here, but it wont blow your mind(or tastebuds).
Hands down the best Szechuan style Chinese food I've had. We had the dan dan noodles as recommended and it was (as expected) delicious. The spicy fried beef and sour soup were also great. The wait was long but the bar helped pass the time. Nothing like some intense heat from the kitchen to combat the winter weather outside.
I am a huge Han Dynasty fan as I was a frequent visitor to its Philly locations. This was my second trip to the NYC location, and it was quite disappointing (as compared to the first trip). The dan dan noodles were over cooked and mushy, and the three cup chicken was sub par. It was dry and did not taste at all like what it has tasted like in the past. I hope that it was an off night and that my next trips will be better. The star of the show were the cucumbers in the chili oil. Everything else was quite forgettable and disappointing!
Food - 5starsservice - 1starmaybe they were understaffed? on a weekday lunch time...3pp
Perfect spice level for sichuan. If you don't like their Dan Dan Noodles you should get your palate checked.  One less star for the wait times.
Horrible service. Very condescending attitude. The food was nice nothing more than that. We were 8 people that ordered a table a week in advance for 8 PM.They sited us only at 8:30 PM at a table suitable for six. They weren't  nice and they automatically took a 20% tip (and not 18 like it says on their menu).  We had a very bad experience there.
Been here twice recently with my family and enjoyed the food immensely. No dish was disappointing. Different from most typical Chinese restaurants. While the ambience is basic, the food is anything but. Spicy meat and fish dishes balanced by lightly cooked vegetables. Favorite items are the Dan Dan noodles, dumplings in spicy sauce, dry pepper cooked fish, the cumin lamb, bokchoy with broccoli
Come early to this restaurant. Came at Friday at 7 PM and it was a 2 hour wait. I actually passed on it, so this review will be dedicated to the prior times I went.Great tasting menu first off. You get to figure out what you really like for future orders. I recommend getting the:Scallion PancakesDan Dan NoodlesChili Sliced FishDouble Cooked Porkfor your first time visit.
Good job Han Dynasty!!Service was pleasant,quick and non pretentious.Appetizers ordered were Dumplings in hot oil,dan dan noodles and scallion pancakes,all of which were delicious.Mains were salt and pepper shrimp and Cumin chicken,also yummy!Portion sizes are good enough to share,we were a party of 3.Will definitely be back!!!
Best Chinese food I have had in New York. We started with the spicy cucumber as a  appetizer, which were the perfect blend of sugar & spice. The dan dan noodles were so flavorful & were of the perfect texture. The chicken with garlic sauce was also very tasty. Was not impressed with the shrimp in hot pepper sauce, as it didn't have much flavor. The highlight for me was the pea shoots in garlic! Not too much garlic, perfectly cooked. Who knew such a simple dish could be so impressive. Overall, 5/5!
My friend from out of town insists on coming here whenever she's around, and we always order the Crispy Rice Style cause it's delicious and what else can you ask for? Dropping a star because the service is kind of all over the place, especially when it gets crowded. We came here once when it was freezing outside and everyone was very grumpy about not having their names being taken for a wait list.
The Dan Dan noodles are definitely worth the hype. The chicken wings will make you cry but it's so worth it. Favourite new place... I end up here at least once a month and it doesn't look like I'll be stopping anytime soon.
Had dinner here last night. Great Meal. Apps are devastating ! We started off with Dan Dan Noodles, Wontons in Chili Oil, Pork Belly and the dry Pepper wings.Dinner :Cumin Lamb, Dry Pepper Style Chicken and the Dry fried Beef. all killer. But the beef was the best. If you like Spicy and Beer this is the spot.
Awesome service from the host to the bussers to the food runners to the servers! Lewis, our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and gave us great recommendations- we loved everything. We ordered the the Don Don Noodles as well as the Garlic Chicken and the Double Cooked Fish - sooo good! We will be back and we will ask for Lewis again! Thank you for a wonderful experience! Also- side note - music is awesome! Can't go wrong w the Weeknd!
The service is horrible!!! The waiter was so rude and speechless! I left after 2 mins because the waiter was shouting at me to squeeze in. Such a bad experience!
Came here with a group of 12 friends on a Friday night. We had the tasting menu ($35 each) and it was the best choice ever. The service is amazing (they gave us a pitcher of water and extra rice). Super attentive. I think we had about 12-15 dishes come out and we couldn't even finish it all. I highly recommend this place if you come with a large group of friends (make a reservation).
The food here is fantastic!  I've been here at least 5 times, and everything I have tried was excellent.  I especially like the garlic style chicken, spicy cucumbers, and the salt and pepper shrimp.  I'm not a big shrimp fan but I LOVE it here.  The reason why I do not give this place 5 stars is the service-it SUCKS.  Every time I dine here, they manage to be rude in new ways.  On my most recent visit they brought out my friends' dishes first, and I had to wait 10 minutes for my own dish and 15 minutes for the shrimp we ordered, with no explanation whatsoever.  Later, the table next to us ordered some food and the waiter put some of their food on our table.  He then started tossing their noodles on our table, which caused our table to shake while we were trying to eat.  This waiter also had an attitude with us the entire time and smelled of BO.  This is not an isolated incident, because every other time I've eaten here I was treated poorly.   It's not worth it dining in, get takeout and enjoy their delicious food at home!
Amazing authentic food. Makes me really miss China with its fantastic flavors. Also has some great beers on tap.
Wowamazing. This was delicious and one of the first Chinese restaurants that I have eaten at in New York to not make me feel ill later. But seriously, delicious, excellent food, nice atmosphere. We had scallion pancakes, dumplings, garlic beef and house special chow mein. YUM.
We ordered delivery and it came on time and was good. My complaint is about the information regarding MSG. I get severe migraines and quite ill when I eat it. For this reason I called the restaurant and specifically asked if they had MSG in the two dishes that we ordered. The woman at the restaurant assured me that these two dishes were msg free. Well, they weren't and I spent my night very ill with a terrible migraine. Not cool and for this reason I won't order from there again. If you have no problem with MSG then you should be good.
Yum yum yum! I like spicy food and this place is heaven for spice lovers. Dan Dan noodles and cumin tofu is the absolute best. I can eat these over and over again! They make vegetarian Dan Dan noodles so great for vegetarians.
Don't believe the hype! Satisfactory, but not worth a nyc minute of waiting. The New York Times review said it best when it reviewed this restaurant recently and gave it ONE star which is "satisfactory."  If you like lots of MSG and "satisfactory" food in nyc, this place is for you, according to the NYT. I tend to agree. There's also a McDonalds nearby too. The owner plans to open 100 han dynasty places in the U.S. Nearby "Hot Kitchen" on second ave and 4th st serves up far more superior sichuan cuisine.
Amazing, spicy, mouth tingling gloriousness! Love this place and am so glad they opened a NYC location. The spicy cucumber, wontons in red chili oil, and dan dan noodles are must get appetizers. You might not think cucumbers would be worth it but they are so good and refreshing. We also got the dry pot which is the hottest spice level. Tongue numbing but worth it. They also have a bunch of beers on tap which is rare for a Chinese/Szechuan restaurant. Can't wait to go back!
Decided to go after reading Adam Platt's very positive review of the place.  Only had to wait 45 mins on a Sunday night after putting our name down at 630.  Hostess texts you when your table is ready and you have 10 mins to get back.  Ambience is noisy and hectic.  We over ordered: wontons in chili sauce, beef in Dan Dan noodles, garlic sauce style beef and 3 cup chicken.  Everything was very spicy but delish!  The 3 cup chicken tasted even better as leftovers the next day.
Never have I seen so many non-Asians in a Sichuan restaurant. Han Dynasty has slowly but surely taken the downtown casual dining scene by storm, becoming now of the hardest places to get into with a large group. Luckily for me, we had virtually no wait at all for a party of three on a recent Sunday evening as another party before us had canceled. The other people crammed near the front door were not so lucky.The menu is formatted rather differently than what I'm used to seeing at Chinese restaurants. Much more user-friendly and American, if you will. First you have the cold and hot appetizers, noodles, soups, and vegetables. Then the latter half of the menu is basically categorized by cooking methods, from which you then choose your protein. Not exactly authentic if you ask me, but definitely more flexible for people who are not used to regional Chinese cuisine. They also clearly mark every dish with a number from 1-10 to provide some guidance on the spiciness of each dish. Anyway, I tried to stick to the traditional staples as we ordered.+ Dan dan noodles - the signature dish at Han Dynasty, and for good reason. While these were not the dan dan noodles I'm used to (typically having more vinegar and chili oil), the creamy sesame sauce that coated these noodles had great nutty flavor and a slight sweetness almost reminiscent of PB. Even though this dish had a spice level of 8, I found it to not be spicy at all - a 4 at the most.+ Eggplant with garlic sauce - one of my favorite ways to eat eggplant and something I ate often as a child as my mom made a fantastic version of this dish. While I liked the texture of the eggplant, I found the sauce to be a little thick and excessive in this case.+ String beans with minced pork - I appreciated that the string beans were not too overly sauced or greasy, as opposed to the eggplant. The string beans were nicely blistered, though I would have liked a little more crunch and funk from the addition of pickled radish/vegetables.+ Double cooked pork belly - this was the most popular dish of the night at our table, mostly because the bf and our friend both favored pork belly. I can't express how many times I've had this dish growing up either, and I have to say that I was unimpressed with the one served here. Not enough chili or fermented black bean, and way too much leeks.+ Hot sauce style with fish (shui zhu yu) - I had to order this with fish as the traditional shui zhu yu is one of my favorite dishes. They were pretty generous with the tender fish fillets in the dish, though I found the sauce to be lacking in Sichuan peppercorns and therefore wasn't "ma la" enough.Overall I like that Han Dynasty provides an alternative to restaurants in Chinatown and Flushing, offering a more pleasant ambiance and calmer service. That said, don't come here expecting top-notch service either, as the staff do care about turning tables when the place is packed.
Overrated but decent food.  My main problem with this place is the noise level.  I won't eat here because it gives me a headache.  For me, it's take out only.
I've been a fan of Han Dynasty back when it was only in Philly, so I was pretty excited when they came to NY. The food is hot, spicy, and delicious--really creative takes on Szechuan food. As other reviewers have said, the Dan Dan noodles are a must (and they will make it vegetarian for you if you ask). The twiced-cooked pork belly is also amazing. And the MaPo tofu is perfect eaten over rice (and again, they'll make it vegetarian if you ask). Everything is pretty spicy, but a little less so than the Philly restaurants. I actually spoke to one of the managers there who used to work in the Manayunk Han's and she said that they had to tone it down a little for NYC.
I don't know how this place gets positive reviews.  We ordered in and other than the wonton soup nothing else was edible.  The Dan Dan noodles were soft with a strange flavor.  The sesame noodles had little flavor.  And the chicken dish we ordered tasted like fried oil but little else.  Will never get food from here again.
This is my first review, and I'm bummed that it's a negative one, but I feel a strong need to voice my experience at Han Dynasty. I went there with 5 of my friends tonight.  The waiter came over to take our order and didn't write anything down - I told him I was a vegetarian and asked about the Tofu veggie soup and he said that it normally has chicken stock in it, but they can use water. That in and of itself, put me off slightly...  after we gave him our orders, he repeated them and they were incorrect - so we corrected him and he got frustrated when we were correcting him - not a great foot to start off on. First off, write it down, we aren't impressed if you memorize our order...  The food came out incredibly slowly and it came out dish by dish - and we asked him what the deal was and he said "this is family style, it comes out when it's ready." Well he never said that to us. We waited almost an hour for the last dish to come out and one of my friends got a bit frustrated and the waiter was nothing but condescending and rude right back to us. He said "well sir, I've told the chef not to cook anyone else's food until yours is done".  What?? Who says that? So as we are eating, he comes back and tells us that "the food is all on him, nobody pays". But it's all in the tone of his voice and he won't stop poking and hovering over us and pouring salt in the wound. So the bill comes and of course nothing is taken off of it - so we just pay and get the heck out of there. Some of my friends had to leave to get back to work, and a couple of us stayed behind to finish eating - and the waiter comes back and walks behind me, leans over and says "So what's up with that Mother Fucker that was sitting next to you?" I say "Excuse me? That is not a very professional thing to say". He says, "My name is Han, I don't care who you tell, I say crazy things". At that point, I just had to get up and walk out. I have NEVER EVER had an experience like this one EVER at a restaurant. The food was actually pretty decent - and they claim they were having a "soft launch". I don't care, you are open for business, people are paying good money - therefore you should get good service, soft launch or not.  I will never ever go back there again and neither will my friends who happen to work very close by. THE FOOD WAS POISONED BY NEGATIVE ENERGY.
Beyond epic! This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the city. If you don't go for anything else, go for the Dan Dan Noodles. Incredible!
Have you ever ordered spicy food and wanted it just a little more (or less) spicy but were afraid you'd be unable to communicate exactly how spicy?  You end up making subjective requests to your server like, "Spicy but not too spicy", "Spicy but not spicy spicy", "More spicy than normal but not overly spicy", "spicy but not so spicy that it hurts tomorrow..."(Okay, no one says that to their waiter but you know that's what you're thinking).  Well the folks at Han Dynasty have decided to put an end to the madness by adopting the same 1-10 scale normally reserved to measure pain, or how hot your new coworker is.  If you are there with a group and sharing you can even add up everyone's preferred level of spice and divide by the number of people in your group - now you've got a dish that is averaged to everyone's spice tolerance and you were able to show off your mathematical prowess.  It's genius!Okay, now on to the meal.  The food here is tasty and the spice level is accurate to it's corresponding number .  We were only two so we were limited to ordering 2 apps and an entree - they were:  -Spicy Cucumbers (yes please, more please)   -Dan Dan noodles (So yummy!) - Hot Sauce Style Beef (A little bland and oily with a tad too much garlic; not bad but other dishes around us looked better)The wait wasn't too bad (25 minutes for 2 on a Monday @ 7:30) but once seated the service is lightning quick, so they cancel each other out and made for an overall reasonable time from when we got there til when we left.  if you're looking for solid inexpensive Szechuan food or breath that will ward off vampires for miles then this is the place for you.  I will be back to sample more.
came here for the tasting menu 30 pp for seafood, fish, pork, chicken, beef and a lot of food. I am a big sichuan fan and this stuff is great!  Can't complain about any of the dishes they brought out however I felt they brought things out a bit too quickly and didn't clean up fast enough.  Additionally, while the food was amazing, I found the service overall to be subpar.  They hold the tasting table for only 2 hours and it was difficult to have to leave in such a short amount of time, especially when there is such a large group.would come back again to eat here as the food is just too good.
Went there as a group. Wait wasn't bad for dinner. Inside the music was very loud and we had to shout to speak. We ordered app chicken wings (felt they were overcooked), spicy wonton (were pretty good), pork belly (cold and very salty). As for main dishes hot sauce style fish ( was ok), cumin beef (waaay too much cumin), tofu with pork (was ok), braised chicken (again nothing that special)  and another beef dish. The dishes all felt a little off, like overcooked, too salty or too much spices. For the prices these dishes cost, you can def find better chinese food in the city for half the price
5:30pm on a Sunday this place is booked out so we sat at the bar. I'm not really sure why this place has people going crazy. Decor is plain and  dated, music is out of character and most flavors are similar on the menu. HOT. suppose if that's your thing it works. Pork Buns - I don't like cilantro but even taking it out the peanut flavor didn't work with the pork. I guess I was expecting it to be BBQ flavor and when it wasn't it was a bit of a shock. Dry red pepper chicken wings - good. Hot but cooked right and very crunchy. What you'd expect from a good Asian restaurant. Kung Pao Style - surprisingly good. Your usual style fried. Chicken with a batter in sauce. American Chinese flavors. Dan Dan Noodles - these are a hit and why we come back but they aren't book this place out at 5pm worthy. My fiancé loves to cry things are so hot and their dry pepper style anything will do just that. For me I'd rather go somewhere else...
Unbelievably rude service. I was rushed to eat and leave instead of enjoy the atmosphere and food.
The food is AMAZING here, but the music is terrible and also loud. It literally sounds like a club, which makes no sense to me because why do I wanna scream that I want dan dan noodles? Although they are worth screaming about bc they are delicious! I don't even like spicy food, but it really wasn't bad at all. Their spice scale is kind of off tho, bc my boyfriend ordered one of the wok dishes but asked for it to be less spicy. Can't remember the number, but it was lower than the dan dan noodles, and it turned out to be significantly hotter than the noodles. I got basic beef fried rice and it was sooo good!! I'd come again for takeout, but definitely not eating in again.
The wings were my favorite part of the meal. I also ordered all the dishes that were rated 10 on the spicy meter but didn't find them spicy at all... Either way the food was good so it didn't matter but definitely not spicy. The Dan Dan noodles were a bit too greasy for my liking, I'm not sure what all the fuss is about for them. They're good but not something I would travel or come out of my way for. Definitely get the wings though!
I can rarely eat the food here because I'm not fit for spicy foods, but this is a great place to dine with friends in a family-style setting. I've come on separate occasions with different groups of friends who feel slightly adventurous, and they've all enjoyed the dishesI always suggest the following and they've always been a group pleaser:Dan Dan NoodlesMa Po TofuCucumber App
Came here on my birthday on Tuesday with my "lady friend".  The food was absolutely phenomenal.  My only complaint about the place is its size.  It's extremely small, so often you'll find yourself sitting elbow to elbow with other patrons.  It also gets pretty loud since its so small and has so many people sitting.  It's definitely worth going for the food alone though.  I will definitely be returning.
Now, don't get me wrong, food is definitely a solid 3 stars especially if it is close to your abode BUT I had a very disappointing experience on the fateful day of Sunday, July 23rd, 2017. First of all, pretty sure our table did not get assigned a waiter when we sat down as the host took our order and the food that we ordered was not entered in the system until we asked where it was an hour after we ordered. I don't want to explain this in full sentences for I shall use bullet points-took an hour for a lemonade to come out-took over an hour for the first dish to come out-20 min later the second dish came out, 10 min after the table next to us (that came in 25 min after) received the exact same dish that we ordered -when we reached out to inquire out our dishes we were rudely received  I could say more but I won't. Dine at your own risk.
It is ridiculous how my freshman dorm was  around the corner from this restaurant and I did not bother coming here for a whole year. Initially I thought it was just a regular Chinese restaurant with the regular pics, but it is actually a Szechuan place! I finally came here yesterday night with a group of four people, and to be honest, was sort of discouraged by the 1 hour wait. Still, we all knew how busy it would be on a Friday night at any place without reservations, so we stuck around. IT WAS SO WORTH IT. The restaurant itself is not that big, there are around ~10 tables and some seats at the bar. We actually ended only up waiting 45 minutes, and was seated comfortably by a very nice waiter. We decided to go for the most popular items on the menu: Dan Dan noodles (spice level 7) and the clay pot chicken (spice level 10). In addition we ordered bok choy with mushrooms and scallion pancakes. I am used to eating family-style at Asian restaurants, and this worked out perfectly for the meal. The portions are not too big, but they are definitely worth sharing amongst a group of 4 people; any group larger than that would need a bigger selection, of course. We did not know that the Dan Dan noodles came with pork, and one of our group members is allergic, so the waiter returned with another bowl of noodles without pork, free of charge. I really appreciated this gesture! I liked the Dan Dan noodles the most -- it was not as spicy as I had anticipated, but you can definitely feel a bit of a burn afterward. The bok choy with mushrooms was a nice mix with the spiciness, but was not unlike any other bok choy dish I've had, so no surprises here. The clay pot chicken came with onions and peppers, but the peppers were not too spicy. The chicken itself was very tender, soft, and just the right taste. I paired the dish with some rice on the side that I drenched with the sauce. Overall a yummy, savory experience. The prices here are just right, and I was very satisfied with the service and food. Would definitely return next time.
Been wanting to try this place forever, since I love Szechuan food, and I'm so glad I did last night! We got there at around 7 and were told it would be a 25 min wait, but ended up being only like 10 minutes before we were seated. I noticed as we walked to our table that almost every table had a bowl of really delicious looking noodles. I knew those were a must-order item.So we got the dan dan noodles, along with the cumin stir fried beef to share. We were worried this wouldn't be enough food for 2, but it definitely was! The noodles were, as expected, incredibly good. I loved the peanutty sauce, with just the right amount of spice. The beef was also delicious. The meat was super tender and came with a generous amount of bell peppers, hot green peppers, and chili. This was perfect with the big bowl of rice that came alongside the dish. Total bill came out to be less than $30, which was a great deal for all that yummy food. It's no wonder the place is so crowded. Food is great, service is attentive. Definitely coming back in the future!
Wednesday lunch, group of 11 with reservation-Dry pepper chicken, delicious and crispy -Dan Dan noodles with pork
After an unpleasant experience with the hostess (long story short: she gave away my table and claimed that I returned well after the allotted 10 minutes you're given after you receive the text saying your table is ready when in actuality, I returned merely 5 minutes after...), I really wanted to hate this place, but I just couldn't, no matter how hard I tried. The food here is too damn good. Upon reading rave review after rave review of the Dan Dan Noodles, my friend and I knew that that would have to be the #1 dish that we ordered. We were pretty much famished so we also got the Spicy Crispy Cucumber, Wontons in Chili Oil, Scallion Pancake and the Dry Pepper Style Chicken. I honestly couldn't even tell you which dish I liked the most, because they were all delicious. If I HAD to say just one though, I guess I would have to echo pretty much every other person here and bow down to those tasty Dan Dan Noodles. They were flavored perfectly, with just enough spice to make me down glass after glass of water. The portion was also HUGE, so you definitely get the bang for your 8 bucks. Most of the dishes we ordered were spicy, so definitely get your taste buds ready for a spicy awakening. The food is pretty much as authentic Szechuan (read: spicy affffffff) as you can get. Being Asian, I didn't mind it one bit, as I'm used to my family trying to test my spice limits whenever I come over for dinner (thanks, Grandma!). For the rest of y'all though, you've been warned!
Came here on a unusually warm Sunday evening of awinter holiday weekend. Firstly, there is very little wiggle room in this establishment. The bar is small, basic and includes a TV... The hostess is relatively quick checking you in,  taking your cell phone number,  so you are not held hostage waiting for your table.  The staff on a whole  could be a little more professional. For instance, the cups of water were never filled, leaving the table with room temperature water to accompany abnormally spicy food. The server did not even ask if we wanted to take the left-overs or offer desert. There is no real place to wait for seating and the bar seats are taken over by people looking to eat, without waiting for a table. The restaraunt's customer base seems to be a primarily young crowd. They offer communal seating at regular tables, which is a little weird but might cut down your wait time. Who wants to sit at a table with strangers?The menu is easy to navigate. The staff is some what  friendly and they did come back to check on the table. The food comes to the table quickly and hot in temperature/spice and plentiful with flavor. We did specifically ask for brown rice and they brought white rice.As for the food, it is way above average; the  Dan Dan Noodles and Dumplings in Chili Oil are must have appetizers. The Dry Pot Style Shrimp was flavorful and had a nice kick .. The  Sticky Rice To-Fu, which was my favorite, is a fabulous vegetarian option. lt is brought table with the rice separate and the server adds the other ingredients. Han Dynasty is a refreshing surprise, in that is different than  your typical traditional Chinese restaurant menu. The food is extremely close to 5 stars , the service is spot on 3 stars. The ambiance is cool; there's music and there and  just enough lighting to see the menu. The dining room and restrooms were clean and orderly. The staff could be a little less obvious that their main focus, is to efficiently turn the tables over. The prices are very reasonable.
The reason for this rating mainly was the service. The server didn't seem to have cared to help us with the menu and most of all he never once came to see if we needed anything. He never came to refill our empty glasses of water. We had to always call on him if we needed something, which took long since he was the main person taking care of all of the tables. The food on the other hand was ok, a bit too much oil for me. Definitely wouldn't go back due to the way we were treated.
This place is ok. 3 stars for great service and the noodles were tasty. pepper chicken was good but overall mediocre food. I just did not get the hype.
Been looking for good Sichuan and this hits the spot!  The place fills up quick so recommend going early, but they also have a good texting system for the waitlist.  The Wontons in Chili Oil and Dan Dan Noodle are must-orders, every time!  The noodles come in a big bowl so great for sharing amongst a small group.  Also recommend the Hot Sauce Style Fish, Dry Pepper Style Chicken and Pea Leaves w/ Garlic -- I basically listed every dish I've had here!  And will definitely be back for more.  I will say that the food is slightly pricey so will ding the review to 4.5 but the food is authentic and delicious.
Han Dynasty isn't the game-changing Chinese restaurant its fans from Philadelphia or the New York press will have you believe. It does successfully present elements of Hunan and Sichuan cuisine in ways not too frequently found on the island. But anyone who thinks they are getting the full Sichuan experience here at a bit mistaken. I still recommend the restaurant, especially at lunch. The lunch-sized portions are perfect for business diners who won't be eating family style and the price point is shockingly low. I came with a couple clients who had a conference next door, who surprised me by taking me up on the offer to come here. We started with some wontons in chili oil, which had nice skins, although disappointed on the spice front. I'm suspicious when this dish doesn't contain the fire hot that I'm used to Sichuan province or even other parts of China. I recognize that this doesn't meant the chef doesn't know how to prepare the dish, but it still seems somewhat off. My main course was the cumin chicken, which works a set of spices into a pleasing dry rub dish. Now there was a bit of a hiccup where one entree didn't appear until long, long after the after two portions. We inquired about this and our waiter sprung into action, delivering a free set of chicken wings when it became clear that the main course wouldn't be coming any time soon. I appreciated the gesture, which turned what could be a very awkward situation into something that just required a small laugh or two. An upgrade over some other "Sichuan" options around town, but not the same as what you'll find in Flushing.
An outstanding bowl of Dan Dan noodles and the lunch special was enough to share! -also right around the corner from my son's NYU dorm! Yikes!
I love this restaurant, it is my favorite Chines food in Manhattan. As for the non-food items, the waitstaff is friendly and speaks english quite well. The restaurant is clean and has a great ambiance.As for the food... Wontons in Chili Oil and the Dan Dan Noodles are non-negoitble if you like spicy food. They are absolutely incredible, for being such simple dishes, they have complex flavors and are made to perfection! You can't go wrong with any of the entrees or specials, but the wontons and noodles are too good to pass up!
They make the perfect spice, sweet, salty combo on their dishes...cucumber and dan dan noodles is soo good and the chicken with chilis!!
A new outpost from the Great Szechuan Chinese restaurant in Philly.  If you like spicy food, I would definitely give it a try.  If you go, you must try their wings!
If you like authentic Chinese food and an owner with an awesome personality like Han, then this is the place for you. Otherwise, there are plenty of "Lao Wai" chinese restaurants in the city for you.  Also props for Han, who was born in Taipei, Taiwan, but can cook Sichuan with the best of them!
Tired of having to schlep down to Chinatown for good Chinese food, I was so excited to see this Philly transplant open.  My husband and I had the Hot Beef & Chicken in Garlic Sauce. Delicious. The hot beef wasn't just stir fried beef with chilies thrown in, it had depth of flavor and heat.  The chicken was garlicy and a bit spicy also really flavorful. Love the heat index, from 1-10, so you can choose how spicy you want.  Also thrilled to see they deliver!
Pretty good place but not authentic. They sweetened a few of their dishes to attract a mainstream crowd. Service was OK.
Food quality here is excellent and authentic. The service can be a different story but I try to only base my ratings on the actual food (good service never makes up for bad food). I came here with a group of 6 at 8pm on a Wednesday night thinking the wait wouldn't be too bad. Wrong. We were told the wait was about 1.5 hours, optimistically 45 minutes. Being optimistic, we decided to wait. Half an hour in, we were told the wait would be "at least another hour". We left to get drinks at a place 5 minutes away, and 10 minutes after sitting down we get a call saying a table is ready. Since we hadn't even gotten our drinks yet, we said we were still interested but to let someone else sit and we would wait for the next open table. The hostess was rather annoyed by this and showed it.We finished our drinks and appetizers, and arrived back at Han Dynasty at 10:30 -- it was more than half empty. We were seated immediately, and the server said we had 2 minutes to order as the kitchen was closing. We ordered one vegetarian version of the dan dan noodles, and one regular (has ground pork) -- these were excellent. Rather oily but not overwhelmingly heavy, and very fragrant, not too spicy. We also got the spicy cucumber appetizer (delicious, crispy, refreshing), dry pepper style chicken, hot sauce style chicken, and double-cooked pork belly. Service was quick, and the food was as good as any Sichuanese restaurant I've been to, and VERY good for NYC. The meat dishes were spicy but still turned down a notch compared to real Sichuanese food (not a bad thing). Rice was complimentary (a nice touch in a city that charges for almost everything). Total bill with tax & tip came to slightly under $20/person.All in all, would DEFINITELY go back for the food. As for the service...just don't go in with high expectations.
After reading some of the reviews about this place, especially viewing Mike C. pics and reading his review as well. I knew that I had to check Han Dynasty out right away. My friend and I ordered the Taiwanese Sausage Rice (they brought out noodles instead), Dumplings in Chilli Sauce, and Shrimp in Garlic Sauce. Every item was delicious ... I am inspired to try a few more things on the menu. Oh, I forgot I came here on a Wednesday night at 9pm and had a 30 minute wait, but the waiter called me after 15 minutes and told us our table was ready. I am a huge fan, met the owner Han and he is a super nice dude from PA. I would definitely go back, good food outside of china town. As a matter of fact I may go tonight.
I highly recommend this place! The food is excellent( be careful it's very spicy), service is quick, and prices are really reasonable. The only thing is that for party of more than 2 the wait for a table can be really really long. Also, order for delivery are done only online with a $10 fee for delivery ( that's too much in my opinion)
Three cup chicken is very sweet and fragrant (not spicy at all). Menu is easy, everything coming out of the kitchen looked good. Portions good for ordering a few things and sharing.
Food is A+. Great service. Possibly the lowest prices of any restaurant of this quality in manhattan
Finally the East Village gets a Chinese food place that is actually interesting and good. Knowing that this chain originated in Philly, I pilfered through the Yelp reviews to figure out what I was to order. I have to say, "they" aren't lying with how good the Dan Dan noodles are. Get them. They are amazing. The spicy cucumber, yes please. Also ordered was the pea shoots with garlic and the cumin lamb. Both were also great. Super happy with this place and cannot wait to try it again and again and give it that last star that I am sure is deserved.
This new kid on the block sichuanese restaurant in the east village stacks up to the fierce neighborhood conversation. Having experience han's fare in philadelphia, i went in with high expectations and the restaurant did not disappoint. A young and "trendy" staff helps differentiate this restaurant from some of its more traditional sichuanese brethren, and helps to give the joint a distinctively "happening" field. This is also reflected in the restaurant's patrons which seem to be an eclectic mix, but skewed towards the young side. Dont let the mixed staff fool you - the food is legitimate, and totally satisfied my craving for authentic sichuanese food. Reservations are not supported in general, but if you come with a large party (which I have done, twice), you are able to get a prix fixe meal. 3 different price points (with different fanciness of ingredients) provide something for everyone, and the dishes that came out totally hit the spot. A friendly waiter (with refreshingly good communication skills) helped to customized the prix fixe fare to our liking, and was totally able to accommodate our requests (mapo tofu please!).I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone with a hankering for some authentic, spicy chinese food. Just be prepared to wait.
I really wanted to dislike this place. First of all it's a chain and I try to avoid chain restaurants. Second I have tried to get in here on at least 3 occasions and was turned away because of the long wait. 3rd the restaurant has a B for cleanliness hanging in the window. But all that aside, they won me over with the delicious food. And they have a spice rating for each dish. I don't like very spicey  so I had the scallion beef which was delicious. They filled my water glass a lot . And give hot tea. The service was good and they got me in and out for lunch. Gotta eat quick cause I don't get paid for long lunches. No  wonder why this place is usually crowded. It's got very tasty food and in the end that is what counts for me.
I was part of a party of three for dinner, and by 7 p.m., even on a random Wednesday night, there was a 20-30 minute wait. It was well worth it. We shared the dan dan noodles that everyone raves about, rightfully, wontons in spicy chili oil, cumin lamb, and string beans with minced pork. Everything was delicious. Though not spicy enough to be authentic to its Szechuan roots, the dishes were all flavorful and generous in size. The dan dan noodles are probably best split between at least three people if you want to enjoy other things on the menu. The lamb cumin came with tons of protein, and despite picking string after string of green beans, we still quite barely finished the plate. I'd definitely recommend coming with at least two other people, so you can try more things.
This place is excellent for genuine szechuan in the East Village. The pricing is also very very good for the food served here. I heard the lines for this place were long but we snuck in within 15 minutes. The flavor is on point, spicy and hot with just enough saliva forced out of your mouth.The scallion pancakes were excellent; so good in fact that we ordered a second round in the middle of our meal. The dan noodles were excellent, perfectly cooked and seasoned and definitely a must order. We got an order of ginger chicken which one of us felt was "not right" but I thought it was great and had no after effects :)The eggplant side was also cooked to perfection with flavor bursting from every bite. I took my time enjoying this as well as the spicy heat that is a trademark of this variation of chinese food. It is a great addition to the neighborhood and will definitely recommend to anybody else who is curious for authentic Chinese for a great price.
Worth the wait.  Authentic and spicy.  However, I was happy to hear that they will adjust the spice level for those of us with less tolerance.  My new favorite local asian joint.
Unbelievably awesome, we were a group of 6 and shared. We had so many great dishes all perfect, but stand outs were Dan Dan noodles, and dry pepper chicken wings.
didn't expect to like this place, thought it was one of the typical chinese restaurants outside of chinatown (e.g. not good).  We had the tripe and beef dish, pea shoots, pickled cabbage and dry pepper chicken.  i was looking for a bloody mary to get rid of my hangover but the tripe dish, white rice and a coke healed me.  The pea shoots were a bit salty for me but everything else was yummy.  I'm glad there's one on the UWS in case we don't want to venture downtown.
The females are very nice but the male waiter acted like a gangster. Dry pot lamp is recommended. Others so so. Especially the three cup chicken-below standard.
This place is bomb. Good amount of spice, really fair prices. Portions are solid and that's coming from a big eater. Seriously though, I can't vouch for whether the food is authentic but all I can tell you is that the food tastes really good and is well cooked, tender things are tender, crispy things are crispy, things are well but not overly seasoned, can't hope for more.
Love the food - we would spend $1,000 more a year at this place if they used a reasonable online delivery service - but what they use (Caviar) basically adds 50% in fees and tips to a $50 - $70 order. That's insane - and NYC is a place where delivery is a way to let smaller restaurants really maximize their kitchen output. So instead of ordering in weekly, we pick up or eat in 4x a year. Sad.
Very flavorful szechuan style food. Dishes were generally better prepared, presented and seasoned than most other, similar places in town. I think it's a bit pricier than a grand szechuan, but it's also less likely to be jif peanut butter in your dan dan noodles. This place is kind of an interesting cross between Mission Chinese and Grand Szechuan (cleaner, brighter) and I'm excited to go back.
We ordered $35 delivery on trycaviar.com (That's their online delivery site. They don't take delivery orders by phone call). When check out, they charged $9.73 for "Gratuity & Tax", then $4.99 for "Delivery. The food was quite regular and not any better or special than other Chinese restaurant at all. If they don't charge extra fee, I would be a little less disappointed.
While the food was good, it is not worth the two hour wait and the service was awful. I felt they gave better and more attentive service to white folks and treated asian people with more attitude. When white ppl ask when their table was ready the hostess was extremely polite and when I would ask the hostess was extremely snarky. I understand that it is a Friday and it was busy, but the treatment was clear. I would have def left if it wasn't for the fact my friend was very excited to try this place. We waited longer to get services while other tables that were seated after their orders where taken before ours and were given water and tea. They rushed us out and handed us the check before we even asked and started to clear the table. As for the food, the Dan Dan noodles where good. The noodles where a little floury, but the flavor was good. The spicy oil dumpling where really good as well. The entrees leaves much to be desired. We have the garlic style with chicken. It was good, but its nothing ground breaking waiting two hours for you. Do not get the crispy rice, it's basically a rice cake with sweet and sour sauce on it. Wayyyyy toooo sweet. I could have more than one bite. I would not recommend this place and I would not come back
4.5 Stars. Get 8 friends together, make a reservation, get the chef's tasting, and leave everything up to Han.Being a large party, we assumed we needed the $30 tasting menu, but Han told us very honestly that it was unnecessary and that the $25 menu was plenty. He was definitely right.Dan Dan NoodlesMapo TofuChicken Wings (Outstanding)Dumplings in Chili OilCrispy Spicy CucumbersDry Pepper Fish Tripe (Least enjoyable of the whole meal)VeggiesRiceWe all loved it from start to finish. The peppers will numb your tongue for the entire meal, but the spiciness is amazing. All that food + with 2 beers a person, coming in at $42 with tax, tip and food, it is a hell of a bargain. With Mission Chinese closing down, this place just got a whole lot busier.
This is the most authentic szchezuan style Chinese food you can get in New York.  Clean crisp and tasty.  Addictive.  Close your eyes, Point to something on the menu, order, and your good.
One of my favorite Szechuan places around.  We've tried a good number of the dishes on the menu and all were equally amazing.  Service is very good as well, however, try to make a reservation because the restaurant tends to become crowded making the wait for a table fairly long.  Writing this review is making me think about going tonight.
Quality Chinese food. Very busy and service was compromised but I would go back on a slow night. The soups are very good (wonton, especially).
If I could give this place 4 1/2 stars, I would! We had to wait about 35 minutes but they have the system where they text you when your table is ready, so you can walk around or get a drink nearby. We ate (in order of how much I liked it): Dan Dan Noodles (thanks fellow Yelpers), Dry Pepper Chicken Wings, String Beans with Minced Pork, Hot Sauce Style Entree with Beef, and Spicy Cucumbers. What I liked is that even though almost everything we ordered was spicy, they didn't all taste the same - rather, they were different kinds and flavors of spicy. I definitely recommend Han Dynasty! It's one of the best, if not the best, Chinese restaurants I've ever been to.
A new addition to the neighborhood, now having their "soft opening," I think because they don't have a liquor license yet. We started with Dan Dan Noodles on the waiter's recommendation. They arrived hot, instead the usual cold noodles, but were delicious. We wanted dumplings, but they were totally sold out, so we opted for wontons in hot oil.   For a party of 4, we got 2 entrees, the Cumin-Style lamb, and Dry Pepper chicken. Both were delicious, and we finished every bit, except for the dried red peppers.   The waiter pointed out that we were light on vegetables, but the menu doesn't really offer too many, and those that are there are often cooked with pork or something. I think if Chinese restaurants charged $5-7 for a plate of, say, bok choy, they would sell more than they currently do, charging $12-14 for some greens that you know cost them about  a dollar.    A wonderful place. Welcome to the neighborhood; I hope they stay for a long while.
very happy that Han has NYC location.Been to the Chestnut Street location in Philly many times.For a new place- getting the kinks out- had a terrific meal- party of 5had-dan dan noodles and wontons in hot oil- the best- gets your mouth ready for the heat- not too spicy -can still taste the food;taiwanese sausage- mild flavor, a little sweet- nice counter to the noodles and wontons;cumin lamb and dried fry beef-  loved them both- spicy and tangychicken in garlic sauce- tangy sauce with a little kick- white meat chicken- i prefer it shredded not sliced but loved the taste;pea leaves in garlic- light, fresh and tasty;string beans with minced pork- each bean tasted hand cooked- beans were juicy;this is not Shun Lee or Chin Chin- for service or ambience but so far better than anything else ( including them )  for food.Han is a character.looking forward to many repeat visits.
I have enjoyed the lunch special, and several dinners from Han Dynasty a happy handful of times. Although Han Dynasty provides the only authentic Sichuan food in the neighborhood... the quality of food and services have declined significantly. Employees avoid eye contact, and don't speak Yīdin Zhongwen! What happened to sichuan black peppercorns?! The post-meal body high and forehead condensation is a ~must~ for true Sichuan cuisine. The struggle continues.
Came here around 7:15 on a Saturday night with friends for dinner and we were met with a 2 hour wait. Needless to say we didn't wait. But came back on Sunday for a 1:30 lunch and waited about 5 minutes for a table. The wait staff was super friendly, the food was DELICIOUS and the prices are pretty reasonable. My wife and I split the DanDan noodles as an appetizer  (soooooo good, though a little spicy) and then we each got a main course and we were stuff. We had plenty to take home and finish for dinner.  Oh and did I mention that they had a pretty good selection of craft beers too? After our meal we understood why there was such a long wait. I probably wouldn't wait 2 hours for a table here, but its worth coming in a not super busy time because the food is amazing. I'll be back.
This is not the authentic Chinese spicy food. Only some dishes are ok like spicy tofu fish. I will not recommend this to a friend who wants to taste the Sichuan food in NY
Mos def did not have the experience others have. Was really looking forward to good Chinese in EV. Love spicy and esp Sizchuan peppercorns. Got Dry Style fish in default highest spiciness #10. Was told it was flounder. It was battered and fatty and really bland - but certainly spicy - the only flavor. My BF does not like super spicy so he got Hot Sauce chicken rated at 7. It was hotter than my #10. Waiter said spiciness could not be controlled since there was no recipe. Chicken and veg were swimming in nasty oil. Really awful. No taste but spicy. Inedible.Only bright spot was cold sesame noodles - really good. Ask for hot oil to spice them up. But they should come with cucumber on them to add contrast texture to noodles.For a $50 meal we could not enjoy - we won't go back.
Best Szechuan place (so far when I've compared other places in Manhattan and Brooklyn -- can't speak to Queens - there might be a better joint there...tbd). I came here with a group of friends on a Friday night. It was very busy at 6. They do have a few beers on tap which is needed to cool down your mouth after all those spicy dishes. I would order the dishes on their recommended spice levels (stars/peppers) unless you are daring/can actually handle Indian-level-high-like spices and are confident in your bowel movements (that you won't have an explosion on your way home from the restaurant). A fun place to come with friends. We shared a bunch of dishes amongst the 5 of us: dan dan noodles (so good!); wontons in hot chili oil; sliced fish in a dry pot (ok - but not my favorite); the pea shoots w/garlic sauce; the spicy crispy cucumber (refreshing but sweet-spicy); beef + tripe in chili oil (yum! especially if you get down with chewy and different textures); ma po tofu (make sure to get your appropriate spice level). I highly recommend this place to all you spice lovers! I'd come back again!
They actually make the food spicy - where your nose gets a bit sniffly. Shared Dan Dan noodles -hand pulled and not overly greasy or salty, the dry fried chicken & the pea shoots with garlic and had a bit of leftovers for two.  So good we are already planning our next trip there. Service is also super friendly. Can't wait for more chilis in my life.
Food (4/5)   Decor (3/5)   Service (5/5)   Value (3/5)As someone who grew up eating Sichuan food and having been there many times, I am particularly picky when it comes to Sichuan restaurants. Han Dynasty is definitely one of the best in NYC, though unfortunately their breadth of skill is a little limited. They make extremely good renditions of certain dishes such as the Dry Pepper Chicken (or Chicken Wings) (辣子鸡), Cumin Lamb (孜然羊肉), and Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce (蒜泥白肉). They make relatively poor renditions of things like Dan Dan Noodles, Ma Po Tofu, and Crispy Rice Pork (or any protein in Crispy Rice style). Regardless of good or bad, the one thing that is striking about all of their dishes is that they tend to overdo sweetness a little in their cooking. I don't mind so much, but it does deviate a little from authenticity for that reason. Regardless, the handful of dishes they do really well keeps me coming back for more. It's also rather convenient that they deliver through trycaviar. Aside from the food, from a sanitation point of view, they trump almost every chinese restaurant. The restaurant is very clean and even has a bar. Service is not stellar, but is certainly better than what you would experience at a restaurant in Chinatown. Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant. Just make sure you know what you're ordering.
The food and service was very good. Definitely will go back again for good Chinese food. The problem was at the beginning. We went there and were told that we would get a text message when our table was ready. We got the text and went back and waited about 15-20 minutes more to be seated. The waitress told that they were waiting a customer who got her check to leave. There were 2 other tables available but they were for 4 people. I asked them to have us seated to one of those tables but they told us to wait since we were only myself and my wife.  Disappointed. All the waitresses stared at that customer who was expected to leave. It was an uncomfortable situation for us and for that lady. They should have texted after a table was available or have us seated to one of the 4-seat tables.
Have been hearing a lot about this place.  Got there with a friend last night about 8PM without reservations.  Entryway was packed...and for a Chinese restaurant!  When we finally got in, hostess was clearly overwhelmed.  Then a large group of about 8 women, with reservations, came in.  One of the little savages barreled through the group without asking if anyone was waiting, to get their table.  At some point hostess mentioned to another couple that they had two available spaces at the bar.  That couple didn't take it.  I told the hostess we would be happy to take it.  Again, overwhelmed.  Nothing happened.  Actually told her twice, but was usurped again by another couple that grabbed the seats.  Hostess's fault this time.  All in all, we waited about 1/2 hour in a congested area being tended to by a woman who was not controlling the situation.  Finally sat, waited for about 45 min as my friend got his dinner, finished it with customer asses bouncing up into our table throughout the dinner.  Then mine came.  This morning, been feeling a bit nauseous.  Could have been the spiciness, which I definitely asked for and love, or maybe not.  Nevertheless, the real story is the way this place attends to its customers.  Pretty badly in my opinion.  To be fair, hostess tried to be nice about it, but you know, shut the front door if you can't handle all the business at once.  This place was so nuts, I would not go back.  And frankly, I wouldn't do take out there either.  Unfortunate.
Went today for lunch with a friend. This is very good Chinese food, not your typical takeout spot in the village. We ordered Dan Dan to start, then Cumin Chicken and spicy beef dish for entree off lunch menu. It's spicy, filling and delicious.
a lot of times when i eat out i think to myself "i could make this better at home". when i eat at han dynasty i say "how the fuck can something taste this good? how is it possible?" that's an experience worth paying for. i say that to myself every fucking time i eat at han dynasty.
Been to the new uptown Han Dynasty a couple of times. Staff nice and helpful. Not much going on with the Veggie spring rolls. Scallion pancakes were small, flaky with very little taste. Had one of the hotpot tofu dishes(heat rating 7 out of 10) and it was pretty good. Surprising and disappointing they don't offer vegeterian dumplings or vegetarian wontons. Will go back. Interesting space.
So sad I really wanted to like this place. I order their special Taiwanese Chicken Wings (9 wings) for 10.95 and their Taiwanese sausage fried rice also 10.95. It was a take out order. So when I got home to eat, had such a craving for chicken wings. I was completely disappointed, I only received six chicken wings and not the promised nine as per their menu. Total bummer. I could see missing one wing but three wings from an order of nine, NOT COOL. How can the cooks screw this up in the back? They have been making chicken wings for this order a long time when did nine become six? Now onto the taste, it is not any special taiwanese chicken wings sauce, it is their basic hot sauce. If you have ever been to a chinese hot pot place and order the spicy broth that is the flavor. Nothing special about it. The heat was not bad but the flavor is typical of spicy hot pot. Not "special taiwanese" sauce.Now the taiwanese sausage fried rice. WTF it is not special it is just your typical chinese sausage. It is the same kind of sausage that your chinese parent threw into the rice as it cooks. Nothing special. I can get the same order in chinatown for half the price.It is sad how this place is taking advantage of the spill over crowd from momofuku. MOMOFUKU has a michelin star rated chef, Han Dynasty has a cook. I feel bad for all the new customers who come into this place expecting a great dining experience and walking out like the got SCREWED. If your boss pays for lunch here then sure eat here. But if you pay on your own, you can find other places in the area for better food and price. And I am sure you will get the right amount of chicken wings.DONT SHORT CHANGE ME ON MY WINGS.
I LOVE HAN DYNASTY. I loved it in Philadelphia, and I love it here! Simple, delicious, melt-your-face Sichuanese food. 'Nuff said
Let me start with the service which is worse than most Chinese restaurants (a pretty difficult task, given the inconsistent service at most Chinese establishments).  1) They need to hire people who can communicate clearly in A language, be it Spanish, English, Chinese, or Klingon.  The hostess, to whom I greeted in Chinese, tells me she's not Chinese, and then proceeds to utter incoherent English phrases.  Because of her failure to grasp both languages, the process of putting my name down for a 2 person table, took 10 minutes.  2) Very snappy waiters with an identity crisis.  Our first dish arrives at our table.  The waiter utters something which I couldn't hear, so I asked nicely to confirm whether the dish was vegetarian in Chinese, the waiter tells me he isn't Chinese (you see a pattern here?).  So I asked again nicely in English, to which he snaps, "Vegetable, like I said already".  15 minutes later I hear him talking to other staff members in Chinese.  Onto the food, it is not terrible, but your experience will vary based on your expectations.  Han Dynasty does a very good job of marketing itself as the next best thing since sliced bread, but in reality, this is American style Chinese food, with a hint of Szechuan / Taiwanese flavors.  It is a good way to ease into Szechuan flavors before you graduate to authentic Szechuan food.  If you go in having been to the other authentic Szechuan restaurants, and with the expectation that this is the best authentic Szechuan that the city has to offer, you will be let down as the food and the menu is boring, bland, and overly sweet.  If you are not a purist and are open to the occasional sweetened and watered down Americanized versions (I know I can never turn down the Bourbon Chicken samples at the local mall), you will be pleasantly surprised (assuming, that you can get over the absurd wait and service).
After my second experience here, I must say Han Dynasty is legit. Everything we had was amazing, but those cucumbers are one of the only times I've ever left a place and had dreams about such a simple dish days and weeks after I've eaten it. Other must orders: the dan dan noodles, cumin spiced lamb and eggplant side. Steam may be coming out of your ears but somehow you just don't care. They also have a great selection of craft bets on draft. Philly, thanks for producing this place!
A die hard philly fan of this place i couldnt wait to try the new york outpost. As in philly...great food, great service, great vibe. Thanks for opening in nyc! The lo mein, shrimp with pepper and chicken plates are my favorites.
every dish was delicious. it can get overwhelming and not know what to order... but every dish was a hit. def try the dan dan noodles. the only downside is that they dont take ressies
Two visits here and I'm coming out of here with mixed reviews now.  The must gets: spicy beef noodle soup and crispy rice which literally tasted like candy.  Had the scallion style and long hot pepper too and came away thinking eh about those.  They were good, but nothing really memorable.  The cold appetizers were pretty good too and would definitely recommend getting them.  I would have no problem coming back here, though I wouldn't sit here and deal with the waits these guys get at night now...
Great Chinese restaurant.  Dishes were delicious.  Very spicy.  The menu is different from your average Chinese restaurant.  They have excellent beer- I enjoyed a good bottle of Stone IPA with dinner.  Will definitely go back.
For a chain, this place is pretty good. It's not the best Szechuan or Chinese restaurant in NYC, but it'll do since this is the closest one to me. The lamb dry pot is my go-to dish here. Other dishes such as the sesame noodles and the sauteed green beans were also good.
The best Chinese restaurant in NYC.   Dan Dan Noodles were impressive and so was the chicken fried rice and the Kung poa chicken with peanuts.   Food is very spicy and not for the faint of heart.  Loved it.
Excellent fare. Wasn't sure why we were walking into but in the end it turned out Telly grey. Went with another couple. We didn't get to order whT we my have done normally but whT we got was exceptional. Grt portions. Feet food quality. Will definitely go back but solo with my partner in crime md order what we want. Thumbs up.
I kid you not - this is some of the best Chinese food in NYC right now.  Food quality is the same as the Philly location and they now have a nice little wine and beer list to go along with it. Dan Dan Noodles and the Spicy Crispy Cucumber are a must.  It's a pretty small place so you may have a bit of a wait.
I went here tonight with 7 girlfriends for my birthday dinner. We reserved the tasting menu at a specific time, but when we arrived, the previous party was still seated at our table. The VP of Operations very graciously sat us somewhere else until that party left, and then put us at that special table (with lazy Susan!). Needless to say the food was spectacular, especially the sesame and dan dan noodles and dumplings in chili oil. The tasting menu has to be the best buy in town! Highly recommend, and thanks to that VP!
Love this place. I used to go to the Old City location every time I was in Philly and was never really able to recreate the experience in NYC.  Dan Dan Noodles are unlike anything else I've ever had.  Love the cumin lamb, too - full of flavor with just the right amount of heat..  Dry pepper chicken is dangerous and new to my Han experiences, but I'm convinced it's here to stay.  Extensive beer menu - better than some bars in the area.I've probably been here 5 times since it opened and the restaurant never lets me down - even during a very busy Christmas day rush.  The waiters are knowledgeable and consistent, and are very amenable to special requests/dietary restrictions (have come here with kosher and vegetarian friends and have had the dan dan noodles prepared with the pork on the side.  excellent since it means more meat for me).   My only suggestion is that Han starts looking for a larger location soon.  The secret's out (and didn't last very long) so I now settle for take-out since I live a few blocks away.
Solid Sichuan fare though nothing spectacular or especially differentiated from the city's other Sichuan joints -- might be amazing for Philly but this doesn't really hold a candle to Mission Chinese, for example. And there's definitely no reason for the wait -- again, you could go to Hot Kitchen in the same area and get pretty much the same food. Still, good stuff -- rich, peanuty dan dan noodles were a standout.
Went for dinner and was told the wait would be an hour.  Put my name in and went to grab a drink while waiting.  Got the call after only 30 minutes that two seats were available at the bar.  Started with the cucumber appetizer which was out of this world.  And the Dan Dan Noodles were amazing!  The bartender was super friendly and suggested some great dishes.  I will definitely go back to try some other dishes on the menu and to get more dan dan noodles!
Really 2.5 star since 50% of our food was mediocre. Dan Dan noodles and cumin chicken were the good dishes. Only about 15 tables so be prepared to wait. I don't get why people are raving about this place. Go further south to 2nd ave and 6th for good food.
I have only one complaint, and that is that their website doesn't work and they're not on Seamless or Grubhub.  So I have to GO THERE and WAIT IN LINE!  Actually, the only time I went to the NY restaurant, we got seated immediately by sitting at the communal table. It was absolutely fine.  Service was great and the food was as excellently hot as it was in Manayunk, where I doubted and was happy to be wrong.  Han Dynasty is like eating Sichuan in Sichuan, China, but with more menu choices.  Great and helpful service (like all kinds of warnings that I would not be able to take the heat, but how wrong they were) and pretty speedy too.  I love this place.  If only they were on Seamless so I wouldn't have to wait in line...can't wait to go back.
We had an out of town guest who wanted to eat Chinese, so we made the trek to Han Dynasty based on the Yelp reviews. Glad we did. The restaurant looked busy, but we were seated right away. We ordered seafood tofu soup, scallion pancakes, Dan Dan noodles, Kung Pao style chicken, and black bean style beef. The food was fresh, not at all oily, which I find Chinese food can be sometimes. Everything was delicious. The service was great, too, friendly and efficient.
I grew up in Hong Kong, and this place is legit. Granted yes there is some MSG that leaves you thirsty after the meal, but they get the spice just right. It's the type that numbs your tongue but is NOT excruciatingly spicy, which to me is perfect.If you can reserve or go before 6pm, you should, this place gets PACKED. the nice thing is that you can leave your number and just go across the street for a drink until they call you. Dan dan noodles is a MUST GET.
Fabulous Szechuan food!!! It's been on my list for a few weeks and finally made my way here. If you like spicy Sichuan food, you will absolutely love this place. Beats my previous favorite, tofu on 7th in Brooklyn which is a hidden gem in park slope for Szechuan cuisine. Dan dan noodles, cumin lamb, double cooked fish...Amazing!!!
Walked past this spot and it was very crowded. Got some takeout: 3 cup chicken. Was kinda soggy and overly sweet. Wasn't awful but chinatown still reigns supreme if you want something more authentic. This place was kind of Americanized, and the food reflected that.
Chinese is on the decline in this town, but this place isn't. It's Szechuan the way I remember it in the 80s when it was good. Noisy, cramped, a bit cold (temperature), but definitely worth it. The salt and pepper shrimp is divine.
Really great! Modified traditional Sichuan dishes. Fu qi fei pian. (I don't know the English name for this dishes) , so good!
NYC needed a restaurant like Han Dynasty - good Chinese food, easily understandable menu with a nice clean restaurant. Is this the best Chinese food in NYC? Nope. But a pretty darn good one in East Village. They have a good clean restaurant with organized staff - makes the waiting super easy.The are not skimping on anything, the dishes are not dripping with grease. What more can you ask for? I personally think Szechuanese food is overrated because most restaurants cover up the food with a spicy brown sauce. At Han Dynasty, I give them a lot of credit for respecting the food and the spices by not doing that. Not worth a trek, but if you nearby, Best Chinese food in a 0.5 mile radius.
The Dan Dan Noodles were fantastic and so was the Dry Pepper Chicken. The fried potstickers were alright. The service was quick and place seemed clean
I have eaten here three times and I love it. I will definitely go back. Even if it is Szechwan for white people it's great.
Love this place! Came here three times already this month and perfect all those times! Dan dan noodles, dry pepper chicken, and cumin style beef are really good. Not sure how they do this, but dan dan noodles & dry pepper chicken are so addicting....! Service is good, too. Quick, fast and reasonably nie service.
It is about time for some great Chinese food to hit Manhattan.  I first went here on  a Thursday night about 8pm and we waited over 90 minutes.  It was well worth the wait. The greats:Dan Dan NoodlesDumplings in Chili Oil Double Cooked PorkMapo TofuEgg plant The chili sauce is good on everything.  Put it on everything.  Recently did take out and everything traveled well except the dumplings.  They got a little soggy and stuck together in the chili oil.
Han Dynasty is the best Chinese food I've ever had. I've now been three times, ordered completely different dishes every time and am thoroughly impressed.  The only cons?  Long wait, harsh lighting, not enough tables.
Some of the greasiest, but best, Chinese I've had in NY. The bok choy with black mushrooms was insanely good. The eggplant with garlic sauce was soft (almost mushy, but not in an unpleasant way) and beautifully flavored.... seemed to have absorbed a pint of peanut oil  per serving, though.
We ordered delivery through Caviar. We were somewhat skeptical given that we live in Hells Kitchen, but the food arrived fresh and warm within an hour. The Dan Dan noodles were a highlight, they have such a unique flavor. We also enjoyed the three cup chicken and bok choy with black mushrooms.
delicious！！much more tasted than the most Chinese restaurant I've been to in China！Can't be more excited！
My bf and I are obsessed with the Dan Dan noodles. Peanut sauce, umami goodness with just enough of a spicy kick to keep it interesting. 10/10 would come just for the dan dan noodles. We tried the dry pot, which is supposed to be the spiciest thing they have on the menu but found it even less spicier than the dan dan noodles. Maybe be we didn't eat the dried chili peppers in the pot. Are we supposed to? I would not recommend the crispy rice style, unless you like cloyingly sweet, goopy mess. The rice wasn't even crispy. Come early or very late bc this place gets packed!
The line is not because it's cool, it's because it's delicious. This is dry Szechuan at its finest. Order the twice cooked fish, dumplings, scallion pancakes and 3 cup chicken.
As a Native New Yorker I was somewhat skeptical of the Szechuan creditentials of a establishment opening in or around the Union Sq area. Nevertheless, I was willing to give this Philly transplant a try after rave reviews from Bourdain on his episode of the Layover: Philadelphia. I found the food to be tasty, flavorful, & moderately spicy true to its (Szechuan) roots. Thoroughly enjoyed the much-hyped Dan Dan Noodles and welcome accompaniment to any entree.
If you like Mission Chinese, you'll LOVE Han Dynasty.   The dan dan noodles are flavorful and satisfying.  The Three Cup Chicken was perfectly seasoned with succulent thigh meat.    The spicy crunchy cucumber appetizer is a must have.    The tofu specialty was a great accompaniment.    The restaurant was full by 5:30 pm with a line at the door.   Well worth it with reasonable pricing and a plethora of selections on cooking prep methods.   Can't wait to go back.   Oh and one must get the spicy cucumber!     Wow!
The most authentic tasting Chinese food I've had in a long time in NYC. Han, the owner helped us with the ordering so that helped a lot. Appreciated how spicy everything was. Recommend the spicy cucumber, wonton in spicy oil, Dan Dan noodles, three cup chicken. Go across street to just sweet for shaved ice dessert!
Fantastic authentic Szechuan cuisine. The service was super-friendly and efficient too.
Great food, great service.  I guess this is supposed to be "authentic".  Had the Dan Dan noodes and these were really really good! My BF had the cold sesame noodles and these were awesome to.  We shared the dry pot style fish and the dry pepper style chicken and you can't go wrong with these dishes.  I love how the server shirts say "10" in the back too.  I quickly found out what that meant after taking a few bites of my food.  Definitely going back for more!
With several in our party needing to eat gluten free, we really appreciated how easily the server informed us of our options. Unless something was breaded or made with wheat noodles, we could order it without soy sauce and without MSG. I particularly enjoyed the spicy cucumbers and the pork belly in chili oil. The garlic chicken was more ordinary, but I'm looking forward to going back to try more of the Szechuan options, especially since the kitchen is so accommodating.
I love this place!!!! Just opened up and is busy and you might have to wait for a table but its do worth it! I love the Dan Dan noodles, dry pot, string beans and dumplings in chili oil the best but honestly everything is really good! In a spicy freak so if you like spicy then you will love this place!!! You can pick your spicy levels from 1-10. Great food and the service is great too, very friendly and attentive! Will def be going here once a week!
Really? the place was packed. Why? it's overrated. finally, I hoped, a decent szechuan/spicy chinese place in the neighborhood. life is hopes dashed. not worth the wait, much less a detour. ok for TV delivery.appetizers: spicy crunchy cucumbers were both but didn't come close to Xian's version. sesame noodles, a basic competency test, B- at best; no acidity and faint sesame flavor. cold beef & tripe in chili oil, a classic szechuan cold appetizer was sliced too thickly, spicy but not flavorful, otherwise edible. pea leaves were good. eggplant not.fried taiwanese sausages: rubbery, warm, sweet breakfast style sausages  - by far the most original, doubtlessly authentic (who would otherwise put this Spam wannabe on any menu) and inedible dish. mains: "dry fry style" beef was precisely that: dry. "pickled chili style" fish - just a spicy, gooey chili sauce. lots of fish, though. I could go on but I won't. service young and friendly. I don't get the hype. maybe the chef's night off?
This is an absolutely delicious Szechuan restaurant. I love all the dishes and I find the spice level to be just right (i.e. very spicy, but not so much that it kills the flavor). They also seem to use at least decent ingredients. My only complaint is that the food is a little oily and the grease combined with the spice means that when I eat here I cannot eat again for 8 hours or so...
There's a reason why the wait times are so long here. The food is phenomenal. We came on a cold rainy evening and the spice left us with sweat dripping off our foreheads. But maybe we are just wimps. Wontons in chili oil are my favorite. Yet you simply can't go wrong with anything on the menu it seems. The service seems a bit hasty - what could you expect when a feast is only $50! Go back again and again.
Came here with a large group and decided to order for ourselves instead of partaking in the taste menu. While I have several dishes in mind to try, our server was very helpful in answering my questions and suggesting additional dishes to complement my choices. List of things ordered:wonton in chili oilspicy crispy cucumberdan dan noodles (minced pork version and vegetarian option)dry pot style fishdry pepper chickenhot sauce beefcumin lambdouble cooked pork bellygarlic sauce shrimpkung pao chickenpea leaves w/ garlicbok choy w/ mushroomI am not a true Szechuan connoisseur so I cannot comment on the authenticity of the food that I am eating. What I can tell you is that my friends left happy and satisfied. The food was better than even I expected and we were all piling in for second helpings. There was a pleasing level of spiciness to all the dishes that was not overpowering but nevertheless still left us mildly sweating by the end of the meal. The 3 apps that we ordered were all very tasty, with the standout being the dan dan noodles (ordered another 2 bowls of the noodle toward the middle of the meal) and the spicy cucumber which I can best descibe as coolly refreshing, with a sauce like thai sweet chili sauce (mildly spicy with sweetness) and a generous helping of minced garlic flavor. The wonton in chili oil was also good, with the wonton skin being thin so each bite has a good balance of the wonton skin and the pork meat inside, layered with a mildly hot chili oil that has a hint of sweetness. In terms of the entree, we really enjoyed the hot sauce beef, dry pot fish, dry pepper chicken and pea leaves w/ garlic. The beef  was tender and the chili sauce that it was immersed in, goes so well with white rice. Mmm...a bowl of rice with scoops of this dish right on top...so good. The fish in dry pot style was equally tender and pairs well with the sauce that it was cooked in. The dry pepper chicken was small boneless fried chicken nuggets that was dry stir-fried with hot pepper and salt. It was not greasy and there was a right amount of heat and saltiness that made this dish so enjoyable. Most of us enjoyed the double cooked pork belly (good but not great) and the kung pao chicken which tasted more like sesame chicken to me. The garlic sauce shrimp wasn't memorable, just okay. The general consensus in the group was that the cumin lamb was really bad. The taste of the cumin completely overpowered the lamb and was one of the worst version of this dish that I've ever ate. None of us really wanted another taste of this dish so in our opinion avoid this dish. In the end, I think that Han Dynasty was an enjoyable experience (service can be hard to flag down sometimes because they are so busy) and definitely worth a repeat trip for us.
Dan dan noodles are amazing!!! That alone gets this place 5 stars but the entrees are also very good. Best sichuan in nyc outside of flushing in my opinion.
I went there after reading the review in the newspaper. The place was crowded, but we were seated within 20 minutes. Service was quick.  I got the dan dan noodles, The sauce was amazing, but it's still a very basic dish with not much else and it. I also got the dumplings and chili sauce, not very thrilled with those, would not really recommend those. My friend ordered the cumin tofu which was one of the best dishes, but just be aware that it is very spicy.  Just an FYI for people who cannot tolerate spicy food, Even their "mild" is very spicy.
And to think I never liked chinese food until i stepped into this restaurant! The dan dan noodles are to die for....and that is just one of many fabulous dishes Han Dynasty has to offer. The service and ambience are passable but the food never disappoints
I'm not sure what all the hype is.  This is your typical Americanized chinese food only somewhat elevated because they DO use more exotic ingredients such as tripe, tendon, and szechuan peppercorns.  We had 3 dishes: the pork belly with garlic sauce as the appetizer; the beef cumin which my friend had as her entree; and another dish that I had as my entree but which I don't remember the name of since I am writing this review 4 or 5 months after the fact.  I remember both the pork belly and my entree being overly sugary.  The beef cumin was okay but it seemed overly seasoned (maybe MSG?).  All 3 dishes were really heavy.  Maybe I don't know what authentic Szechuan food is since I'm not from that region of China, but it really honestly felt to me that all the dishes were Americanized (i.e., heavy usage of sugar, salt and/or oil).  However, if you like Americanized chinese food such as general tso's chicken, but want a little bit more exotic ingredients in your food, then this could be your jam.
Having read a lot of reviews, I wanted to give this place a try.  The wait was 40 minutes which is not worth it.  The appetizers were indeed much better than the entrees, as most reviews have noted.  We got the dan dan noodles and the wanton in chili oil, which were the best dishes.  The chicken wings were actually not as spicy as they were advertised if you take out the spices - they were slightly fatty.  The most disappointing dish was the three cup chicken - it was not the authentic kind of three cup chicken - it was more of an Americanized Kung Pao chicken battered chicken.  The real three cup chicken does not have batter and has bones.
Place was clean.  Service was great.  Food was amazing.  I only tried one dish but it did the job.  The cold rabbit appetizer was extraordinary.  Eating it is an experience in and of itself.  As you take that first bite you get a strong toasted nutty flavor, as you chew it the sweetness and natural flavors of the meat explode in your mouth and at the end you are left with the tingling sensation that comes from the Szechwan peppercorns and other chills that they use.  A simple, elegant sexy dish.  If its any indication of what the rest of the menu is like, I am eager to return and try the Dan Dan noodles.
I had dinner at Han Dynasty a few days ago with a friend. Frankly, it was one of the worst Chinese meals I have ever had and am truly shocked at the many positive reviews of this restaurant. Some of the dishes we had were Dan Noodles, Wonton in Chile Oil, Cumin Style Lamb and Rabbit with Peanuts in Chile Oil. All were absolutely soaking and drenched in oil and grease and while Chinese food can oftentimes be greasy, it can also be tasty as well. At Han Dynasty, I could feel the dishes making me progressively sick as the meal wore on. Let me put it this way. By the time the meal was over, I knew that I wasn't feeling well and ran home. Within 20 minutes, the entire meal was to be found in my toilet. And, as an aside, the people sitting next to us felt similarly about their experience as well.
Simply the best there is no other way to describe it.  From the dan dan noodles and wontons to the 3 cup chicken (boneless nice touch) I was completely satisfied.  I could also tell this wasn't your typical chinese restaurant where the food is good but service is lacking.  At Hans I got a warm welcome and the staff was very attentive, I will go again often!
Wonton soup is delicious, get it! Scallion pancake was okay but really doughy. And the spicy beef was good but super oiley. Probably would try something new next time. Ambiance is soso, my bf likes this place more than I do, but definitely give it a shot
good chinese food. dan dan noodles, wontons in hot oil (i was literally eating the oil like the soup when the noodles were gone) and good basics. the spicy fish was too spicy though, and i like spicy, but it left my entire mouth numb.
went last night during the soft opening.  All the food I had was very good and we got a comped appetizer as they were out of one we ordered which was very cool of them to do.  also, some patrons need to understand what a soft opening is and what to expect.  Restaurants are ironing out the kinks during this period and not everything goes smoothly. Go in with that understand.  There were no hiccups with my meal but some patrons were over the line with their lack of understanding.  Food was very very good, especially the fish dish that they recommend (could not stop eating it after i was already full).
Awesome dan dan noodles and snow peas veggies.  Pretty authentic Sezchuanese food (though I think they've toned down their spice level recently)!  Friendly staff to boot.
I would have loved to try this place if it weren't for the horrible service I received last week.  I walked in asking for a table for three (very much expecting a wait) and was told that there were no tables for 3 available (or 4) at all that evening.  There were plenty of four-tops which would soon open up but she said they just weren't seating anymore people unless it was a party of 2, something about "several" large groups coming in.  I saw a table of 3 get up and asked if I could put my name down.  I was told no b/c someone right before me had already put their name down.  What is with the service at this place? As in..there is none, very disappointing.
Great food at great prices.  The dan dan noodles were spicy but delicious.  I was here with four of my girlfriends and it was so yummy.  The beef and tripe in chill oil was to die for like one of the other reviewers said.  The price was very reasonable, for a party of five we paid about $130 for ALOT of food.  I really liked the scallion pancake also.  I'll definitely be back.
I doth care to admit this, but I went here twice in one day. The food and service is fantastic. I will absolutely be coming back for more deliciousness!
Absolutely terrible service. I would avoid this place if you go somewhere for good service. I didn't even get my food because I had to leave after being neglected for a long period of time.
Food was pretty decent, authentic enough for the area that was located which was good. However, service was sub par. We went in and we had to walk up to someone in order to get a table after we were trying to be polite and waited for them in the front for about 10mins since we dont want to be rude and just walk right in without someone asking us so we are not in any servers way. Another couple that came in after us did the same and finally walked out. It was before lunch time so it wasn't busy but for some reason we had to wave down a server to take our order. After that we ordered but the guy seemed confused when we tried to ask him for more info on a dish so we know what we are ordering. The food came out. It was pretty decent and then after we had to wait and wave down someone to give us our check. I'm not sure if they are just promoting food but I don't think its that hard to seat ppl during non peak hrs or taking their orders at a reasonable amount of time would you say? Something to consider before going there esp if you are planning to go there during peak hrs!
I heard great things about this new neighborhood restaurant, but I must say I was sadly disappointed when I went there for lunch today. The cumin chicken was fine, although a bit oily, but the pork hot pot was really greasy and the meat was rubbery. Very few veggies. Both dishes were so hot that the spices overwhelmed the taste, and they ended up tasting the same. The rice was cold and clumpy. The waiter, although friendly,  smelled strongly of cigarettes. The teapot looked dirty. The presentation was pretty dreadful.
The food is expensive and awful. A bad combination. The decor and food both remind me of a 'Chinese' restaurant in any small town in America
when it comes to their dan dan noodles, it's just a party in your mouth.  plain and simple. their appetizers are also really really good...   the only down side was that because of the rush, our appetizers and noodles came quick....  but we were waiting and waiting for our main only to discover the waitress had forgotten to put in the order... and when it came out, it tasted like an afterthought, which is really too bad because everything up until then, including service, had been super.  this is my first and only time being here, however, and my friends here in NYC swear by this place so I'm sure I'll be back next time I'm in the city.
Generally underwhelming for Sichuan food in nyc. I came here because a friend mentioned their delicious fried chicken and Philadelphia seems to think its great. I ordered delivery so I can't speak much about the restaurant interior. When ordering delivery you have to schedule food in a time slot generally an hour in advance and a 30 minute window for delivery after said hour. We  ordered dan dan noodles extra spicy and for some reason there was nothing spicy or peanut about it, I even had to stir everything together as the meet was packed on too d underwhelming spaghetti like noodles. Altogether the worst dan dan noodles I have ever had but the best spicy marina Italian pasta I have ever had. Weird I know, but this was a total miss for dan dan noodles in nyc. The other dish we got was mapo tofu, another signature Sichuan dish. This dish was pretty standard,tasty, but nothing stood out in this dish to make me say this is my mapo tofu restaurant. I always love a good Sichuan restaurant  but I'll keep searching for one because this isn't it.
Came here during their soft opening period on a Friday night. We waited for an hour and half or so. It looked like there were some VIPs that jumped ahead of us a couple of times... which was getting us annoyed as we waited with hunger and anticipation. Finally, we were seated. We ordered the spicy chilled cucumber, the dan dan noodles, dry fried beef and the sweet and sour fish over fluffy rice. Service was friendly, helpful and efficient.  The spicy chilled cucumber was crispy and that sauce was addictive. It was all very very good.  The only real bad part is that my boyfriend really overdid it and finished all the food that was in front of us. Now he's suffering from all that MSG he had consumed. This place is delicious but be careful!!! It's quite addicting and if you overdo it on the delicious food, you may get MSG overdosed like him the next day.
Went for soft opening. Had spicy crispy cucumber, dan dan noodles and three cup chicken. The cucumber appetizer and noodles were really good but the chicken was super fatty pieces, not a fan. Prefer Land of Plenty but it's too far up east. On par with Hot Kitchen and slightly better than Grand Sichuan and China Cafe.
came wednesday at 730 to put my name down for 4, didn't sit till 9:15.  so, yes, come early!  the wait was long, we were underquoted, which of course left us hangry (me at least), but the han dynasty team handled it gracefully and kindly.  so much so, i felt bad for being frustrated at all.  our server, andy, continued the gracious service and it couldn't be more enjoyable.  growing up going to chinese restaurants in queens and chinatown you expect gruff, stern service alongside a delicious meal.  you accept that's just what down home chinese meals are.  but it's really amazing when you actually get great service that matches the food.  and prices that are really comparable.  a great experience overall!oh and the food... so much has been said and our meal was equally stellar, so i focused on service, but here's what we ate (* are faves):eggplant*dumplingsdan dan* (but seriously spicy... it creeps up) pork belly app*tendon appcucumber apptwice cooked fish*pea shoots with garlicthree cups chicken* (not what i'm used to.. a little more texture and crust, also sweeter, but totally delicious)cumin lamb
Just tried this with the BF last weekend and we'll be back. We had the garlic sauce pot and the spicy cucumbers Which we love. The restaurant just opened so the staff is still learning (our waiter didn't really know what to recommend, how to match fishes with meats for authenticity) but the food is just as delicious as the Philly location. We love it.
Visiting family in NYC and in the mood for Asian food.  After some restaurant review data collection, my son suggests Han Dynasty.  When we first sat down we were pained by an excessively noisy group of young girls celebrating a birthday party.  Parents at a table nearby essentially did nothing to contain the disruptive shrieking.  Honestly, we couldn't hear each other speak across the table.  We asked to move, but there wasn't another spot available and, in truth, we still would have heard them.  These kids were out of control.  We actually considered leaving, however, our server who couldn't hear us trying to order brought this to the attention of the manager, who spoke with these kids and the parents several times to bring them under control.  The parents thanked the manager for speaking with the kids.  Honestly???  How about parents taking charge of unruly kids and showing a bit of respect for fellow diners?  We opted to stay and were thrilled we did; this place was over-the-top outstanding!  We were extremely fortunate in having our server, Carlos, who was phenomenal in assisting us by providing delicious recommendations and being honest in warning us about the large portion sizes!  We started off with some amazing appetizers.  Carlos suggested the Dan Dan noodles.  What a hit!  I went for the spicy crispy cucumber, what a mouthwatering contrast in taste.  Cold cucumbers in a spicy sauce - simply outstanding!  The gang shared the steamed dumplings and spoke highly of them as well.  For entrees, my daughter-in-law and I split the garlic shrimp, which was THE BEST we have ever had and perfect size for a split.  I sampled my husband's garlic pork and it, too, was sensational.  The pork could not have been more tender.  My son had the chicken crispy rice;  it was not at all what he expected and yet another fabulous choice.  The sauces made our taste buds dance with delight!   This place originated in Philly and I was thrilled to learn that they may bring their corporate headquarters to Boston! They are spreading to California, too.  This place is an absolute must!
I could not wait to try this restaurant, so after waiting for one hour we were seated. Our cold sesame noodles, wonton soup and chicken dish were good, but the scallion pancakes and spring rolls were too greasy. The dumplings in the hot chili sauce were just alright, but the worse dish was the crispy rice with pork, the sauce was boring and quite frankly rather gross to look at. I know this place is getting rave reviews, but I don't know why. Maybe we did not order correctly or maybe the reviews are wrong, in any event I will not go back.
This is definitely one of the best "twist to chinese" Went here for the second time yesterday and my mouth is still watering thinking of the food.. that's how good it is. The Dumplings (cooked to perfection) and Dan Dan noodles (I am amazed) were the best apart from the unexpected twist to cucumbers which were a delight.. we tried the "dry pot style lamb" and it was great.. I can eat this 5 days a week and not get enough!!
Amazing food and service! This place has the best noodles in the area. Do not bother waiting for horrible service at momofuku. Han dynasty is much better, cheaper, and has better service!
BAD from start to finish. the wait we were told by the super annoying door girl was an hour and then she let 4 tables sit there empty for 45 minutes. we tried to order drinks at the bar which seemed super confusing. we sat the food was bad  - not good at all and could not wait to get out of there - but wait - we got our bill and they had not put everything on there so we told them and no one said thank you. food poisingly bad all around
This review is based on my delivery order through TryCaviar (a new feature for Han Dynasty.) I gave 3 stars because it arrived really fast and the Kung Pao chicken was amazing. I took away 2 stars because the Dan Dan noodles, normally a favorite of mine, was inedible. It was complete mush so you couldn't even mix up the pork and sauce at the bottom. I had to throw them away and was very disappointed.
Szechuan food like it used to be. Great menu idea - dishes listed by preparation. You chose the ingredient and degree of heat. Avoids those times when you order dishes that sound different but have the same sauce. Really helpful servers. Great addition to the local scene.
The Wontons in chili oil are outstanding.  The wonton wrapper dough is as fresh as you can get, as they are prepared from scratch just before cooking.  The chefs are truly Chinese - we saw them taking a smoking break outside.  I cannot remember the names of our entrees, but we loved them.  Not like Americanized Chinese restaurant food.  This is the real deal.  It was interesting that the pork entrée resembled bacon more than the pork we expected, but it was great.  When we return (and we definitely will when in NYC again) I will order a main course with a completely different flavor than the app.  In other words, a main without chili oil.   Servers were great.  Four and 1/2 stars for Han Dynasty NYC.
Do yourself a favor and eat the spicy cucumbers, dan dan noodles and cold sesame noodles. The double cooked fish is also amazing. So excited to have this in the e village. Great flavor. Great prices.
i don't know why the reviews of this place are so good, as I had mostly mediocre food and the noise level was way too high. hard surfaces everywhere and music- no one could hear anyone else at the table. the fish in pickled chili sauce was too hot and all damp, and the cumin lamb was oddly under-seasoned. the scallion pancakes were a waste of calories. the only tasty items were the dan dan noodles and very fresh and nice garlic sautéed bok choy
Han Dynasty does not appear to be anything too exciting at first glance.  The menu is pretty simple - a modest range of dishes that would look pretty familiar to most fans of Chinese food.  (The cuisine is Szechuan btw; the proprietor informed us).   Yet the place is very popular, with lots of young downtowners, and even on a chilly Monday night there was a 20 minute wait for a table.  And then when you begin to eat - ah!  It all becomes quite clear.  Han Dynasty doesn't do anything that is out of the ordinary for a Chinese restaurant - they just do it better!   They pay attention to detail - for example, the tea is fresh and flavorful.  Unlike the usual cheap oolong, they provide fresh jasmine (restaurant grade, we were told) brewed in small pots rather than a big urn.  Meat dishes were rich and flavorful, cooked just right, rather than weighed down with grease and salt.  The shrimp was firm and flavorful, and the scallion pancake crisp and tasty rather soggy and saline.  It is nice to see that a Chinese restaurant doesn't have to come up with all sorts of gimmicks to become popular - they just have to serve excellent food.
In my opinion one of the best Chinese food in NYC. It ranges from super spicy to mild. It is a quick meal even though it's super busy. The Dan Dan noddles are the best thing on earth. The prices are good and you can have a wide variety off choices. Try something new every time because you'll be coming back.
Amazing food. Worst service ever. We were seated on a dirty table, that's fine. We cleaned it. We were never given menus. That's fine - we grabbed our own. Server took forever to come... that's ok, we waited. Finally as we were trying to order he was flying away - wouldn't stay long enough to hear everything. The tiny restaurant wasn't even busy, maybe half full at best. That being said the food was phenomenal, do not regret going there but I do wish their service was better.
Didn't get to try the food because the music was the loudest I've ever encountered in a restaurant-as loud as a dance floor. Weird because only 4 tables were occupied. The people at 2 of them were very drunk and were screaming at each other to be head; the people at the other 2 were sitting in sullen silence. Within two blocks of Han Dynasty there were 3 young men lying on the sidewalk in front of 3 separate bars, passed out drunk, their friends kind of standing watch over them. It's 26 degrees out. So this is kind of a depressing atmosphere altogether .
I walked in at 6:30 on a Wednesday. The place was empty. A couple at a table in the window, a quad at another table, a guy dining alone, and maybe one or two people at the bar (the bar seats 12, the tables maybe 40, with most of them being 2-person).The maitre d asks me if I'm waiting for anyone, and when I say no, she says that I can pick any seat at the bar. I say I'd prefer a table.At this point the manager comes up to greet me, and tells me that if if let him know when I'm expecting the rest of my party, he'd set things up for me. The maitre d let's him know that I'm alone, and once again I'm directed to the bar.I say "if you don't mind, I'd prefer a table." Mind you, the place is empty and it's not exactly a date night. The manager tells me that it's "policy" that they only give tables to multiple people. Then he says, "that guy is an exception" referring to the guy dining alone. I said ok, and walked out.I don't care how good the food is at this place, you do not treat a patron like that.
Oh my god the food is soo good. Well worth the waiting time which can exceed an hour even on weekdays. The dan dan noodles are amazing and you can't find better dan dan noodles in the city. A must have would be the dry fried chicken and hot sauce style pork!! Too die for!
The food was delicious, but most of the servers and hosts are rude. During our lunch, a group of 4 came in and one of the patrons walks ahead thinking he can seat himself. A simple mistake, however the host rudely stops him and says "You just can't walk in here."Also, I got up to use the restroom and the head host stops me and says "Excuse me, do you work here?" Not sure of it was racial profiling, but I've never been in a restaurant where I'm stopped and asked if I'm an employee after being there for over an hour.
I didn't have a chance to eat here because the hostess sat us down at the bar and then, 15 minutes in when we were ignored and waiting to order, a big man came over and kicked us out. He claimed we were seated there accidentally. There were other open seats in the restaurant so we tried to ask for a reason for the confusion and he was so rude; he turned to the staff and said "don't serve these two".  And told us we would have to wait twenty additional minutes to be seated. This was a weird and awkward encounter. I felt like a criminal. Not sure if this was racially motivated or what but this place is definitely chaotic and the staff need lessons in customer service.
I tried Han Dynasty last night and the food was okay and pretty cheap. The restaurant, however, is very chaotic and getting a table is really annoying (not worth it for greasy Chinese food). It is pretty loud and the decor is not great for a date. I also found the staff to be pretty rude and standoffish. I guess they are pretty understaffed
The chicken wings are to die for, definitely order them! The other dishes are average. The lychee drink wasn't too great.
I had no idea until recently Han Dynasty wasn't a Philly only thing.  All the food here is amazing, I especially love the wontons in chili oil (starter). Tables are really packed in here- we had about 6 inches between our neighbors on both sides.
AVOID. Good food but there are better options. They lost my delivery order, offered me someone else's forgotten pick-up order... And no apology. If I wanted Garlic Chicken, I would have ordered it myself, thanks. I know they're busy, so I gave them an extra hour. When I called it was disorganization and chaos. The food isn't that good. Hunan Bistro is two doors down and they never have these kind of problems.
Pretty delicious Chinese food that tastes ~authentic~. Ordered the fish dry pot and cold noodles in chili oil. The noodles were a tad bit too sweet for my taste, but the fish dry pot was amazing -- tasted just like dad's home cooking :')Came here around 10pm on a Sunday and the service was incredibly speedy. The food was out maybe five minutes, perhaps less, after we ordered.
I'm always on a search for Dan Dan noodles when I'm in the city.  Not realizing it I came back to the same place I've been to get Dan Dan. They were delicious just like the first time I was here. This time I sat at the bar and I was waited on by a tall thin gentleman. He was great, friendly, nice, and funny. He was also very helpfull, he was telling me places he enjoys going to in the city. So this was another successful visit and I will be back next year.
First time having authentic Szechuan and it sure as hell won't be the last!I first attempted to eat here on a Friday night around 9pm and could not stick out the 1.5 hour long wait as we were straight up ravenous. Luckily grabbed a meal Saturday night and boy oh boy were we impressed!Dan dan noodles come straight to your table within minutes and is freshly tossed with yummy bits of ground pork and a fiery chili oil. BANGIN. The pepper wings were super crispy and hot but not as spicy as I thought it'd be. Ordered the cumin style beef and was disappointed to discover that I had meant to order a different dish with more sauce. Still yummy tho! We ordered everything at a nice spice level of 8 and it was deliciously doable.Paired with a full bar and awesome service, this place is a solid 5 stars. Can't wait to be back!
Dan dan noodles are soooo good. highly recommend this place. everything is delicious.
They used to be good but they changed their recipes.I love their Dan Dan noodles before, it was made with yellow egg noodle and used to be spicy so good. Now they have use the white noodle and the dish taste bland and not hot at all. The white noodle is more authentic like other places but the taste changed to more mild and not as spicy. They changed Kung Po Chicken too. Before it was white meat and not deep fried. Now Kung Po Chicken is dark meat deep fried like you get from Chinese take out. I used to keep coming back before because they taste better than Hot Kitchen down couple blocks, but now they change recipes/cook/owner? I think Hot Kitchen tastes better and more authentic.
Great Chinese food! Might be the best Chinese restaurant in the city. It's a small place, so it's usually packed. They don't take reservations but it's worth the wait.
When I lived on 13th Street between 2nd and 3rd a corny looking Chinese Restaurant opened on 3rd avenue..just a stone's throw away. It was HAN DYNASTY, the sign in humongous red neon letters, the decor typical.   Little did I know how that it would become one of our favorite places on the Earth! This outfit outta Philly came with heavy foodie cred, and my pal Shawn clued us in early on, and once we went we were hooked. We nicknamed it Handy Nasty, sometimes The Handy Nasty. Szechuan Chinese Food is characterized by spice, the majority of the dishes are en fuego, and when you are in the East Village, Han Dynasty is the only place to go. Dan Dan Noodle Dumplings in spicy chili oil The dry fire rub crispy pork or lamb you can't go wrong The fish that numbs your mouth with the crazy WU pepper is bananas. Aunt June runs the joint she is the coolest, very personable lady.  Get the dishes I recommended, get a vegetable, and have a great time!
I always leave this place SO HAPPY. The food is amazing, no matter what you get, and the service is always kind, professional and prompt. I'd recommend scallion style with beef or tofu (my boyfriend always complains about ordering tofu, except with this dish, as well as the Dan Dan noodles and dry fry chicken. And pea leaves with garlic. And dumplings. And scallion pancakes. Whatever you choose, you won't go wrong.
I love their dan dan noodle and dry pepper chicken! Very fast serving and nice staff. The place is worth checking out!
I have eaten here multiple times and their food is average Szechuan fare. Their customer service however is crap. Every time I have come here, there is always something odd and slow about their customer service.The main reason I come is convenience to work, and this time I decided on takeout. 45 minutes later and after asking twice (being told each time it was coming), I found out that they had in fact lost my order. I personally prefer non-chains anyways, and this finally sealed the deal. There is simply better Chinese food with better customer service.
Also recommend - Three pepper chicken !
Was there over the July 4th weekend, best Chinese Food I've ever had.  They accommodated 14 of us (not he easiest group in the world) and everything was good.  Standouts we're the Lamb with Chives, Dry Pot Chicken, and Wontons in Chili Sauce, and Dan Dan Noodles.  There were several other good things but can't remember anymore with all the good stuff we had.
I ordered this via takeout and was quite impressed. Most food was a little on the spicy side, and pretty saucy. I would recommend trying it. They have s pretty wide array of options on the menu. I don't think you'll be disappointed. Enjoy!
DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!!I have never given a one star to any business before, and this is the first one in my life. I ordered food, but didn't get any food. What I got was such a disgusting experience that made me barely could digest anything. It was yesterday. I called this place called Han Dynasty to make an order. The lady who picked up the phone couldn't hear me at all because of how noisy it was in the restaurant(Guys, think about the noise level). Then she put me on hold like forever, talking to other people. I had to hang up and I made an online order through ChowNow. Then I walked to the restaurant to ask how long should I wait before I go to pick it up, since absolutely phone calls didn't work. When I arrived at the restaurant, the lady at the reception desk seemed pretty busy, so I approached a male waiter who was near the reception desk. I said "Sir, I made an online order. Could you let me know how long I have to wait for it?" The waiter asked me "what's your name?" I said my name, and he replied "ah?", so I said it again, but he still had a surprising face. Then I realized that he was not able to understand my name, since my name was a Chinese name that only people who knew Chinese probably could understand. I knew that no matter how many times I said my name to this waiter, he would never understand. So I just honestly said to him that "you cannot understand my name because you don't know Chinese." Very surprisingly, he said "you don't have to yell at me." Then he pulled out a list of orders from ChowNow and kept saying to me, "you have to give me your name. That was very rude. Give me your name. Give me your name." I was speechless. First, I didn't yell at all. My voice was very soft because I grew up in Chinese culture as a woman and girls really had a lower voice in China than girls in the U.S. I mean I was not able to yell. I always tried my best to make myself heard because people had difficulty hearing me in this country, not to mention it was that noisy in the restaurant. Second, I came in as a customer being told by a waiter that my behavior was very rude, and he kept saying "give me your name" in a manner that I felt being pushed very much. I thought a waiter's responsibility was to serve customers instead of judging or lecturing them. I had no choice but show him my ID card to show my name. He finally found my order after refreshing the page and told me the waiting time was 45 minutes. I said "thank you very much" and then I walked out of the suffocating place. I found a starbucks to charge my phone and wait for the order at the same time. After 45 minutes, when I was about to leave to pick up my order, I just checked my email to see if there was any notification saying that the order was ready. Instead of an order ready notification, what I got was an email telling me Han Dynasty cancelled my order. What?! They didn't even ask me and just cancelled my order! No phone calls or text to inform me of that. I checked the time the email was sent out, and I realized my order was cancelled at the moment I was about to leave the restaurant. OMG! I waited for 45 minutes for nothing. I made an order. What I got was a lecture of how rude was and my order cancelled by the restaurant. Jesus! I went to a Chinese food restaurant but got such a bad experience basically because I was Chinese and I had a Chinese name that the waiter couldn't understand, and I had a low voice so I had to try hard to make myself heard, which was considered yelling by the waiter. Even all these I was about to endure. However, DO NOT CANCEL MY ORDER WITHOUT ASKING ME!!!
The place is not bad, we were seated right the way on Tuesday afternoon. The cucumber In chili was much sweeter than I expected, the shrimp in chili sauce was really tasty ,but the scallion pancake was a bit dry for my taste. oh and they don't serve cold soda :/
I have wanted to try this place for a while hearing rave reviews from some friends-it did not disappoint! Thanks to Caviar, I was able to order delivery from here today. Got the dry pot style chicken and spicy cucumbers. On the menu, the chicken was rated a spiciness level of 10. I almost let this deter me, but glad I didn't, because while the dish was spicy, it was definitely not tear-inducing or anything. It was actually the perfect level of heat, with delicious flavor soaked into every part of the meat. There was also a great balance of vegetables such as mushrooms and bamboo shoots. The cucumbers were a little too sweet but still fresh and tasty (you can change the level of spice on this so perhaps choosing a spicier option would have alleviated the sweetness).Delivery took a while-I was in FiDi though, so I think it's understandable. Would definitely order from this place again and I also want to check it out in person!
We got a few different dishes ranging in heat level from 3-8 and nothing was really spicy. So we ordered a level 10 and the sharp spike in spiciness between that and the 8 was pretty jarring. It finally did the trick, though. We ordered at least one dish with Szechuan peppercorns, but didn't notice their particular flavor whatsoever. The pickled vegetables were pretty good. It also felt like the type of place that you have to order a lot of dishes to make it worth it. Went on a Sunday around 4PM and it was empty, which was great for me.
Don't come here if you don't like spicy food! HahaThey do offer dishes that aren't spicy, and each dish is numbered based on spice level. I'm not sure if maybe this place was too hyped because this is more of a 3.5 star rating but the food is still good.The Dan Dan noodles were mediocre. It was good don't get me wrong, but I feel like they were just that. Good. My boyfriend thinks that's it's the best thing he's ever had, but too me it was just spicy soggy noodles. And maybe that last the reason why I was ehh about it. I feel like if the noodles were not as soggy, I would enjoy it more. But then again it's my first time having Dan Dan noodles.The star of the show was the Spicy Crispy Cucumber. I think the sauce is what really made it. I actually put some of the sauce on my Dan Dan noodles because I liked it so much. I think it had to do with the fact that there was so much sugar on the bottom. This was basically a savior, despite the high rating of spice level. The spicy, cold, sweet, oily taste really helps give you a break from all the spice. I would come back just for this and a bow of rice. My boyfriend and I tried the double cooked pork belly. Which was ok. I prob won't order it again. We may just order a different kind of meat. Will definitely come back to try this place out.
I don't understand the hype, maybe its because Szechuan in Flushing has forever raised my standards. I ended up eating here twice last week so here's the breakdown.The Great: -Dan dan noodles, a little chewier than what I've had elsewhere (which I like) but some of the best I've had. The Good: -Scallion Pancake, a lot better than most pancakes I've had -Mapo Tofu, definitely on point-Pea Leaves with GarlicThe Meh/Not So Good: -Dry Pot style chicken, was supposed to come with Szechuan peppercorns, it did not. For the spiciest thing on the menu, this was not very spicy at all-Kung Pao shrimp, not spicy at all, boring-Pickled vegetable, veggies in spicy ketchup-Spicy crispy cucumber, same as above, just cucumber in "spicy" ketchup-Spicy peanuts, not really that spicy-Won Ton Soup, the won tons were good but the soup broth was flavorlessI think my problem with Han Dynasty is that they rely more on chili oil than peppercorns for the heat. I don't know if they are just stingy with the peppercorns, but I hardly saw any when I was there which is rare for good Szechuan food. Maybe the food has been toned down because of all the tourists because nothing here is very spicy.
One of my all time favorite and go to places for spicy Szechuan food.  Love the fast service and no nonsense attitude of the staff.  Cumin lamb, scallion pancakes and dan dan noodles are a must try!
The best. Consistently fantastic food, excellent value, great service, unpretentious. Go at off hours and stuff yourself with dumplings, meat prepared a hundred ways, tofu, noodles and Tsingtao. You'll walk home feeling like turning around to go back for more.
This is pretty great Chinese food.  It isn't your run-of-the-mill Chinese restaurant, in that you choose a style of cooking, and then you can add a protein and other items to your meal.  The food is a bit spicy so if you are sensitive make sure you order something on the more mild side.  The restaurant can get crowded, but take out is good as well.  Cool place to try out if you are tired of the usual General Tso's chicken and fried rice.
This Philadelphia import might be one of the best things to happen to New York since the Metrocard. You can get any number of spicy, tingly Szechuan style foods, but if you leave here with only one item on your table, make it the Dan Dan Noodles. Served cold and smothered in spicy peanut sauce, it's something that can easily send me to an early grave because of its highly addictive properties. If I ate them every day (which I'd like to do), there's no doubt I'd be a 400 pound pre-diabetic...but it might just be worth it. They're that good. Compliment it with an Asian light beer and you've just ordered like a king.The service can be hurried and frazzled at times, and the kitchen closes a bit early, so be sure you mosey in with plenty of time to relax and enter an epic food coma.
I like what they are trying to make real Chinese food and also consider the taste of local customers. I came here twice. The menu changed quite a bit. But everything they provide are good.  Recommend
My love for Han knows no bounds.I was first introduced to Han Dynasty a couple of years ago through some Philly friends who have been to the original location there. Since then, I've come back countless times and have loved each and every visit. What makes Han Dynasty so great in my book is its authenticity. You won't find General Tso's chicken or beef with broccoli here. Instead, you feast on real Sichuan cuisine, complete with enough peppercorns and hot chili peppers that spicy lovers such as myself dream of. If your palate is not suited for numbing and tingly sensations [1], you can either ask the waiters to modify the spice level or get dishes that are under a level 5 (which there are also plenty of).I've been here both as a small party of 2 and a large party of 18. (Their largest table only fits 14, so we had to split.) The reasons I'd prefer having more than a party of 2 are a) you can make a reservation, b) you can try a ton more dishes, and c) there's a ~$30/40 tasting menu offered that, for the newbie, will introduce you to pretty much all the dishes I'd recommend below anyway. I won't write a review for each dish because I've tried half the menu and loved most of it [2], but these are all must try's, and I've marked off my favorites.Cold Appetizers (everything below is FAVORITE)- Spicy crispy cucumbers- Beef & tripe in chili oilHot Appetizers- Wontons in chili oil (FAVORITE)- Dry pepper chicken wings (FAVORITE)Noodles- Dan dan noodle (FAVORITE)Entrees- Dry pot style- Dry pepper style- Hot sauce style (FAVORITE) [3]Vegetables (everything below is FAVORITE)- Pea leaves w/ garlic- Cabbage w/ dry peppers- Eggplant w/ garlic sauce- Mapo tofu w/ minced porkAll the entrees come with a big bowl of white rice to split with your table. Service never really fails around here, as it's pretty easy to hail a waiter if you need. Also, there's a beer and wine bar, but it's also BYOB with $15 (I think?) corkage fee. Lastly, if you are lucky enough, the owner, Han Chiang, will be at the restaurant saying hi to the patrons and telling stories about the restaurant and dishes.Basically, I can't get enough of Han, and I will be back soon!______________________________________________[1] That's what she said.[2] I've also had one miss. Do not get the three cup chicken. It's too sweet from what it's traditionally supposed to be.[3] I always get the hot sauce style with fish. The fish is perfectly cooked and complements the cabbage, bamboo, and chili oil.
This place is pretty good but ALWAYS has a long wait, typically 1-2hrs. They use text messaging to let you know your table is ready. Grab bar seats if open. They do take reservations for parties of 6 or more. I highly recommend the Dan Dan noodles and the dry pepper chicken! Start with the Dan Dan (large enough for 2) then order additional entrees because the flavor completely changes once it cools down. The service has been good the 2 times I've been here; quick, efficient and friendly!
Ate here last week, and the food was great.  If i were rating just the food it would have gotten 5 stars, but we were sitting close to the servers station and i saw the busboys repeatedly handle the newly washed chopsticks on the end that people use to pick up their food and put in their mouths.  Hopefully this review will prompt management to change that practice.
My friend and I were interested in this place when we saw a Munchies (Vice Magazine) article on Han Dynasty. It was titled, "My Szechuan Restaurant Is So Spicy That A Customer Called The Cops On Me."Since my friend and I love spicy foods, our interests were piqued. We roll in there and unfortunately, it was an hot and a half wait time. They are not on OpenTable and the only way to reserve is to walk in earlier in the day and request. That was the only bad part. The place was super packed. The food was absolutely amazing. My friend is a vegetarian so we shared the dry hot pot tofu. That was absolutely fantastic. The veggies in it were amazing. He also got the vegetarian Dan Dan Mein noodles. I got the regular with pork. We love those noodles. So glad he introduced those to me a few weeks ago. Their Dan Dan noodles are absolutely amazing. For myself, I got the dry pepper chicken wings. I'm now very picky with chicken wings because those wings were absolutely phenomenal. The crunch of the breaded crust was amazing and it was just oozing with flavors. I won't settle for any less than these wings now. Now comes the sad part: It was not spicy, at least to me. We got everything extra spicy. I munched right through everything. Barely felt anything. My friend didn't think it was spicy either. Food was amazing. But the spicy wasn't there. I always look to challenge my palate with the spiciest foods I can find. But don't let that stop you from coming to this place. The food is epic.
I might have been very slightly intoxicated when I went to try Han Dynasty for the first time but that didn't change anything. I got it to go on a Saturday night. The place was packed and the wait to dine in was 1.5 hrs but to go took about 20 min. After much research and observation in the restaurant I ordered the Dry Pepper Chicken and the Crispy Cucumbers. The crispy cucs were ok. A little too sweet for my taste but mighty crunchy. The dry pepper chicken on the other had was life changing. Xi'an doesn't hold a fuc*ing candle to this place. Its seriously incredible. The best Chinese food I've ever had let alone the best to-go Chinese I've ever had. This will definitely be my new go-to place on game days. The chicken was mind blowing. Till next time...thank you Han Dynasty.
Got my order wrong, literally brought me someone else's dish and waited till I had some before telling me, offered me mine but said I'd have to pay for both, told them no, obviously annoyed, and they brought me a shot of warm well vodka to, what? Say sorry? Ugh...
3.5 stars.Pluses:- Dan Dan noodles! - Beef fried rice- Huge portions for dinner items can be for 3 meals- White rice included!Could be better:- Lunch special portion a bit too small, not including any soup/ small appetizer- Double cooked fish - the fish got some chewiness that I dont quite appreciate. It was seasoned well though- Wonton in chili oil - could not taste much flavor - the spiciness somehow overpowers the wontons
I wish I could have liked it more.  Went shortly after the East Village opening.  Food was good (Chinese! Spicy! What's not to love?) but the MSG was far too strong.  Ended up with a numb tongue and buzzing head immediately after I ate.
Food is great but they need to get their act together.  I routinely have to wait 15-20 minutes past my estimated wait time for takeout.   I understand the kitchen is busy, but if you are going to offer takeout, get it together.
Two people. Dine-in dinner. First time. Waited half an hour as requested. Their food is not to my taste (should've known cumin was a weird Chinese spice). Not appetizing, we had so much leftovers we just gave it in doggy bags on to the security guard across the street. Ordered the cumin style lamb and some spicy dumplings. Again, not my cup of tea. Especially for $30. West lake soup is a no go. Very very loud. Will be going to Mulan East instead.
Han Dynasty has been on the food bucket list for a while, and I was finally able to tick it off. If you want a table, show up early! Like 7pm or beforehand, because it gets busy and you'll be standing around waiting for a table LIKE AN IDIOT.Anyway, we were quickly seated and ordered a bunch of stuff. They have a respectable beer selection, but they were basically out of three of the beers I asked for in succession. The older Chinese waiter was confused at my choices and had to go to the bar to check what was available twice. Pretty authentic Chinese service, actually.For starters, we had the famed Dan Dan Noodles. They were a bit different from the other Dan Dan noodles I've had in the past. I'm used to room temperature noodles. These were a lot warmer, and the server mixed it up in front of us. Had a nice sesame flavor too, which wasn't typical.  But so good. Portion size was also very generous. Could have been a whole meal.Also had the dumplings in chili oil. Nothing too special, but they were worth trying.For our mains, we split the cumin style lamb, and the dry pepper style chicken. The cumin lamb was the better of the two dishes. Very strong cumin flavor with a ton of veggies. The dry pepper chicken was triple deep fried, and reminded me of the salt/pepper fried pork chops you can get at Chinese restaurants for dinner. Very spicy. Very delicious.A ton of food that made for nice doggy bag. The waiter even gave us an extra box of rice to take home (though I think we were owed that for ordering two entree dishes).Good times!
Love the Dan Dan noodles! Also, they aren't kidding when they say things are spicy on their menu. Drink a lot of water and enjoy the burn.This place gets crowded and loud inside, and the wait is sometimes crazy. Go at an odd hour, and don't be deterred by the heat emanating from all the sweaty customers.
The food is amazing but the host is terrible and doesn't care about customer service. I came in to place a to go order. It was quite busy and she told me it would take 25 mins which I was okay with. We sat at the bar and ordered a drink while we waited. After waiting 40 mins I decided to ask her if the food was ready. That's when she pulled the bag from behind the booth and handed it to me. When I asked why she didn't tell me it was ready since I was at the bar (which is like 5 feet away) her response was "I can't remember everyone's order" with attitude. I was livid as I waited longer than I needed. She needs to be retrained, that's not appropriate customer service.
First impression walking into the restaurant, there are so many non Asians here, which I guess makes sense given the hype and its location in East Village. The food was delicious. Maybe they toned it down for the non Asian crowd, but I felt like their spice level was really lacking. I didn't get the numbing feeling that I usually get when eating Sichuan food and I couldn't taste any huajiao in their dishes. But I'm not Sichuanese so can't comment on authenticity, and we ordered pretty much all apps. Red Pepper Chicken Wings -  Apparently a must order dish. The wings were really fat and crispy. Those wings got some serious hormones injection. They were chicken wings on steroids. In terms of flavor it wasn't too spicy, and somewhat sweet.  Dandan Mian - The noodles were sweet and not very spicy. In terms of dandan mian, the flavors at Han Dynasty are really delicious. The noodles were somewhat mushy. This also came out in less than 5 min. so I'm assuming given its popularity they have huge batches ready to go.Beef Tendons In Chili Oil - Nothing too special, but this was the only thing that gave my mouth had a slight tingly feeling afterwards.Taiwanese Sausage Fried Rice - Best part of this fried rice is they use real Taiwanese Sausage. The really fat, sweet, and juicy kind. Not the dried out and hard ones you find in most Asian super markets. Wish i knew where they got their sausages. The rice was overall kind of oily, but so happy about those sausages.Service was really bad. We were trying to debate if it was because my friend tried to speak to the waiter in Mandarin, and they expect more white washed patrons? We ordered three appetizers with the intention of ordering entrees b/c we were still deciding, and our waiter gave us a bitch face. A bitch face on an old Asian man is a sight to see. After we called him back to order our rice, he promptly forgot to put in our order. After our 3 appetizers came, we waited for what must have been about 20-30 min. Called him back, found out he forgot to put in our order. He said it would come out quickly because it was just fried rice, but we waited another 20 min. just to get the rice. Service is spotty and I left feeling kind of uncomfortable from all the grease, but still good food.
This restaurant is wonderful. The food was amazingly delicious. We shared wontons in chili oil, chicken wings, fish pickled chili style and rice noodles. Every bite was delicious. I cannot wait to eat here again. Love, love loved it.
Well I can see why they get 4 stars, its maybe the overall experience and not just the food then I guess. Food wise I guess they pretty average, Yes you read that right Average. I got the highly raved Dumplings in Chilly Sauce and the Double Cooked Pork Belly. So lets break it down.Price and response time was pretty decent the lunch special will set u back $9 and the appetizer was $7 i'd have liked it to be $5 but $7 it is.Food - Well there wasn't NO  dumpling what it was is Steamed Wonton that tastes very average a lot similar compared to any other place serving hot chilly sauce, none special here.Now the biggest disappointment pork belly they say, its Bacon first fried and them probably simmered in the chilly sauce, now I get it bacon is pork belly, BUT when u say Pork Belly in a Chinese restaurant it ain't no F*****G bacon its a tick piece of pork fatty meaty goodness.First the steamed wontons passed on as dumplings and then bacon passed on as Double Cooked Pork Belly too bad too bad...I doubt I'd comeback if I do would be to try the highly raved Dan Dan Noodles but who know what disappointment that might lead to...
Han Dynasty has been on my list for awhile, especially due to all the great reviews and claims to authentic flavor and spice. I finally made it a point to go. I don't know if it was an off-night or what, but my meal was a total let down. It wasn't bad, per se, but it came no where close to the expectation set by 5-star reviews for schezuan. For 2, we ordered the Dan Dan noodles, dumplings in chili oil, hot sauce style fish, and string bean minced pork (a.k.a. a lot of food). Portions were huge, and each item on the menu has a number next to it that indicates the level of spicy from 1-10 (mild-most spicy). Everything was edible, but there was no peppercorn spicy! The fish entry we ordered because it was a level 7 and it was barely a 2 at most. There was also a lot of oil in the dishes--definitely not chili oil! Although in the end the food is a solid OK, but the fact that nothing in my meal was actually spicy is a disappointment. I left with nothing to rave about.
Is it good? Of course it is. Is it exciting? Not so much. It's a Philly transplant and the flavors are nice but after a while, everything really starts to all taste the same. I also hate the greasy feeling I get after the meal and the wretched breath I have after. Most of the dishes are oil based and are good but you are eating oil, how do you expect to feel after? Also, the server we had wasn't all that warm and cuddly. It was as if we were inconveniencing his life. Sorry dude, next time I go I will go directly into the kitchen to get my food. Thanks. I would definitely go back and want to try more things.The food:Dan Dan Noodles- I really liked the flavor but the day I had them the noodles were too soft. My friend commented that they weren't this soft the other times she had it. It also irked me how lighting fast the dish came out. Yes it was still hot but shit, at least pretend like you didn't pre-make it. The flavors are really nice the first couple of bites but gets redundant rather quickly. It's kinda like the way I feel with tomato sauce and spaghetti, every bite is exactly the same. This dish should be ordered since it is the famous dish. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Dry Pepper Chicken Wings- I really enjoyed the wings a lot. They gets these diesel sized chicken wings and add a dry spice to it, it does have a little bit of heat. The wings are nice, juicy and crispy but they were a tad oily. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Beef Tendons in Chili Oil- The tendons were cooked nicely, they were nice and tender yet still had little bite to them. I did find a rather predominant soap like quality throughout the dish, though and it wasn't from the cilantro with some people having that issue. The tendon with the cilantro, peanuts and hot oil worked well but leaves you with a greasy feeling after. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Taiwanese Sausage Fried Rice- The fried rice was really respectable. The Taiwanese sausage and the egg was a good combo and the actual rice was seasoned nicely. It's a good side dish but should not be a main dish. yelp.com/user_local_phot…
This is the best Chinese I've had in New York. The wait is long but worth it. They have levels of spiciness on the menu but I don't think they are that accurate. We got the dry hot pot chicken (supposed to be a 10 on the spicy level). While it was hot, it was not as unbearable as a 10 should be - so don't be afraid to go for the entrées at the higher numbers! The Dan Dan noodles are very good and the dry pepper wings are sizzling hot and cooked to order! I would definitely come back here - but from what I saw go on at the takeout counter - it was a huge cluster f**k where people were getting really pissed that their orders weren't ready. I'd avoid that
The dining experience is totally disastrous and the service is bad. One of the waiter had a terrible manner. The mapo tofu was served semi cold and the spicy boiled fish was bad too. I would recommend the Hunan bistro that is located next to it. I would never come to this place again.
I honestly think my boyfriend wanted to come here because "Handy Nasty." :p It's been on our to-go list for a while because I found it on a "best noodles of NYC" list and it definitely did not disappoint. That said, I do feel like we missed out by not getting the dan dan noodles, and my favorite was the dry pepper chicken. + Spicy Beef Noodle Soup (5)I was worried because my spice tolerance is not very high, but I was totally able to eat this - though swallows of the soup did occasionally send me into mild coughing fits. Maybe I'm just better with Asian spiciness? The beef was tender, tasty and mildly spicy. I would probably give this dish 3.5 stars - the beef was solid, but I felt that the noodles and broth flavor profile was mostly just spicy. That said, it could be because my taste buds are not distinguished enough to tell. I would recommend this, but I would definitely try something else next time. + Dry Pepper Chicken (9) This totally stole the show and it's the reason I'm giving Han Dynasty 5 stars - absolutely amazing fried chicken. Kenny C. mentioned that it's triple deep fried, and I can believe it; the texture was phenomenal and unparalleled. Layers of complex crispiness coupled with a smooth blend of spicy tastiness, perfect tender non-spicy chicken on the inside - I wish we had just ordered 2 orders of this. So good. Disclaimer: I fastidiously picked off the chili sauce and blotted the chili oil from my chicken before consuming because I knew I wouldn't be able to handle the spiciness. It was perfect because it retained the heat, but didn't overwhelm me. + Scallion Pancakes (0) We got these to offset crazy spiciness from the other two dishes, but it wasn't actually necessary. That said, they were pretty good. Nothing extraordinary, but solid. Overall, I'd definitely come back for the amazing dry pepper chicken, and I'd love to try the dan dan noodles. Someone next to me got a rice dish with what looked like egg gravy filled with goodies and that looked really good, too. Plenty of options! Prices are a tiny bit more expensive than Chinatown, but still pretty good. The ambiance is great and we actually didn't have to wait at all for our Sunday lunch at noon. There was plenty of seating.
This place is popular so expect some wait. Even though I don't like spicy food, I still manage to order something here. The food tastes great, good vegetables and tender meat. There is sauce but not the gross thick brown sauce you usually get in takeout Chinese. Portions are family-style so order accordingly.
Han Dynasty is a Sichuan restaurant chain based in Philly.  The hubs and I stopped by to check this place out, as we had heard that they were famous for their dan dan noodles. Their menu was pretty extensive, offering appetizers (such as pork belly with sweet chili oil sauce, beef & trip in chili oil, spicy crispy cucumber, etc.), soups, noodle dishes, fried rice, various entrees (dry pot, cumin-focused, etc.), specials (ginger duck, spicy tofu fish, spicy hot pot, etc.), vegetables, and lunch specials.  We got an order of the Dan Dan Noodle as well as an order for the Cold Sesame Noodles.  YUM!  The Dan Dan Noodle was super spicy, but the flavor was pretty good - the noodles were slightly overcooked, but I am thinking because of the heat from the sauce, as this is a hot noodle dish.  This is probably one of the best dan dan noodle I've had!  The Cold Sesame Noodles was also unbelievably good, and the hubs remarked on how it is one of the best cold sesame noodles he's had!  The noodles were cooked perfectly al dente, and the sesame sauce was just so peanuty and yummy!  I highly suggest in ordering both of these noodle dishes, as the Cold Sesame Noodles is a way to 'cool' off your tongue after eating the spicy Dan Dan Noodle!  Note that the menu rates the spiciness level from 1-10 (the Dan Dan Noodle is rated at a 6 - no joke!). Service was a little on the slower end but friendly, so just be persistent in waving them down if you need anything!  I can't wait to go back!+Cold Sesame Noodle+Dan Dan Noodle+spiciness level is noted on the menu
I don't usually prefer Szechuan cuisine but this restaurant was excellent. Everything came out perfectly prepared and request for the degree of spiciest was easily granted. Nice atmosphere if a tad loud.
Loved this resto. Good location. Parking in front, esp. weekends. Tried what I saw recurring on Yelp: cold tripe and Beek in hot sauce w cilantro, house noodles (like marinara spaghetti but w their noodles and hot sauce instead), and spicy fried chicken pieces, which was all unique, different, spicy, and great!
Worst cold noodles I have ever had, bad service, I took my friends here and now they think less of me.
We came here at 830pm and there was still an hour wait. Luckily we were willing to sit at the bar or share a table so they actually called us within 20 minutes.  The staff is really nice and hospitable.  We sat at the bar and ordered dan dan noodles, the crispy chicken and the cucumber appetizer which were all delicious.  The cucumbers were refreshing with the salty chicken. I think my favorite was the Dan Dan noodles but I wish there was more! I could eat the whole thing myself!  usually at Chinese restaurants they water down the tea but not here! They are not cheap with their tea which is telling of the restaurant.
While Han Dynasty is clearly positioned for non-Chinese people given it's location and aesthetic, I have to admit that it's actually really good Chinese food. For two days after, I ate the left over dry pot style lamb and it was still as intensely spicy and satisfying as the moment it was served. Even the kung pao chicken was tasty in a non-ironic kind of way. What can I say? This shit is legit. I'm glad that there is good Chinese food that's not cheap takeout.
A bit disappointed and sad that Han Dynasty didn't live up to all the hype in NY. I happen to be in Philadelphia and wanted to grab dinner before heading back to NY. The place restaurant was empty and the service was lacking. Staff was not attentive and oddly huddled together, while patrons were just sitting at their tables. The food was disappointing too. We ordered dan dan noodles, which are simple and standard fare, so these were okay. But the tea smoked duck was mostly bits and pieces of jagged cut duck, and almost all bone and no meat. There were probably a couple of morsels and then the rest of the pot was veggies. We also ordered the chili tofu and fish... way way way too much oil. It was drowning in it and didn't have enough of the ma lat, numbing pepper, taste. I wish it was better but you'd have better luck at non-mainstream szechuan restaurants. Luckily, there are plenty back in NYC.
I ordered delivery through Caviar. I ordered beef ramen, dan dan noodles, pork dumplings, and beef rolls. Everything had a ton of flavor, the beef was extremely tender, and the delivery was fast. I would recommend dining in over delivery because all of the fees and delivery tip came out to $15 extra through Caviar. That's enough for a whole other entree.
Solid Szechuan food in the East Village. Most dishes here are very spicy, so proceed with caution. If you order the Dan Dan Noodles, spicy won-tons in chili oil, scallion pancakes, cumin lamb and the pea-shoots in garlic, you will be a happy camper. It's all about the art of ordering the right combination of dishes that compliment each other. Each dish is meant to create a supporting role to the entire meal. Understanding the flow of a meal is the key to maximum enjoyment. Make sure to correctly apply the space bar when emailing friends about this place. It's Han Dynasty, not Handy nasty. Careful. There's nothing nasty about this place, ok, well except for the noise level, it's terribly loud here.
Great spicy Szechuan. Rich, deep, authentic flavors. Spice that hurts so good.Ordered the classics: chicken wings, spicy wontons, dan-dan noodles and the double cooked chicken. Memorably fantastic.The waiting area gets hectic and crowded. The take-out line starts at the bottom of the bar. Orders usually take about 25-35 minutes depending on how busy they are.
Han Dynasty is probably the best American Chinese restaurant I've been to. Service is great. The thing I keep going back for is the cumin beef. So much flavor. I prefer the location on the upper west side because the flavors seem to shine there more so than the location near union square. Enjoy!
Shoutout to the manager!! (At least I think he's the manager...?) I've been here a few times in the past month, and I'm always greeted by this man who wears a black blazer and big smile on his face. I've always loved Han Dynasty for the food- seriously, it's something special and super accommodating to my vegan dietary restrictions- but this particular employee has just made a great impression every time I've seen him. We had dinner at 9pm on a Thursday night (super busy) and this guy was so accommodating- sensed that we might want more rice before we even looked up, and there he was with extra rice, chili oil just in case, and a very pleasant attitude despite how busy it was around him! We came in with a piece of luggage that definitely wasn't going to fit by the table and without hesitating he helped us to stash it out of the way. Managers don't get enough credit. This guy is awesome. Great service + delicious = 5 stars
Dan Dan noodles are a MUST! Doesn't look like much but don't be deceived, the dish is packed with delicious flavor and is very filling. We also ordered the spicy crispy cucumbers-- the sauce was a perfect combo of sweet and spicy; the wontons in chili oil-- delicious sauce but the wonton filling was just OK; and the scallion pancakes-- crispy and tasty. Inexpensive + delicious dinner for two and we had so much leftovers!! PS: We came on a Thursday night around 9PM and it was a 30-40min wait. Once we were seated we were brought tea and water--quick & efficient service. It's a very popular restaurant so be prepared to wait or come during off hours!
Anyone who said this restaurant is good, are you out of your mind??!! Or have you ever taken a single bite of real delicious Chinese food??? Dan Dan noodle was so shitty. The goddamned Dry pot was nightmare. Beef and trixxx made me wanna throw up. I barely wrote negative reviews. But this Han dynasty just ruined my lunch. 没有夸张，我觉得大部分美国的中餐就算不好吃，但也还行。第一次觉得难吃和恶心的，就是这家。另外他家计算在小票上的建议小费是偷偷把税也加进去的，大家注意。
This review is based upon three lunchtime visits to this restaurant in November and December:RECOMMENDEDOne of the most pleasingly surprising thing about New York City is just how many very good Chinese restaurants can be found outside of the exceptional "Chinatowns" in Manhattan, Flushing and Brooklyn.  The East Village location of Han Dynasty, a mini-chain restaurant originating in Philadelphia and South New Jersey, is Exhibit A. It is a small and relatively dark space with tables situated closely.The dishes on the menu are enumerated from 1-10 based upon their spice level. I ate three lunch specials, all accompanied by white rice. Unlike the more typical scenario, lunch specials do not include soup. This is not an issue unless you are a vegetarian because the lunch portions are substantial with regard to proteins, less so regarding vegetables. The meat to vegetable ratio is much higher than in the vast majority of Chinese restaurants I've experienced.If the restaurant gets very crowded, as it was on Friday, 12/18, service suffers. It took me 15 minutes to get a menu and my order took awhile to arrive. There were no such issues on my two prior visits. Service was friendly, prompt and efficient.On to the food(all $7.99 for the lunch specials I tried): This is how I ranked the dishes in descending order, best to worst, with spice levels: 1. Dry Fry Pork (6)  2. Double Cooked Pork Belly (4)  3. Cumin Chicken (7).Dry Fry Pork was moderately hot, with just a little mouth numbing from the Szechuan Peppercorns. It also was spiced and seasoned markedly more complex and satisfying than the other two dishes. It, like the other dishes I tried does not have much sauce to soak the white rice.However, the white rice was very nicely cooked and a little moister than at other places so this dish is sufficiently moist. Double Cooked Pork was mildly sliced, with less nuanced flavors than at Midtown Szechuan competitors like La Vie En Szechuan. It is a good version, however. It is very similar to the version at Mapo Tofu, a long established Midtown Chinese restaurant. Cumin Chicken, while appropriately fiery and tasty, disappointed because the chicken was tough and some pieces had a little gristle.I look forward to trying other dishes at the East Village Han Dynasty.
Good food, GREAT service! The hostess was very friendly and accommodating, her presence made the ambiance very welcoming and cozy. We called ahead before arriving to ensure we wouldn't face a long wait, since this restaurant is always packed around 7-9pm. The best things on the menu are the dan dan noodles and anything dry pepper style. Very spicy, but very very savory and flavorful.
This place is a gem. There is always a wait. We tried the spicy crispy cucumber, Dan Dan noodles, dry pot Style chicken. Can't wait to try other styles. Truly authentic Hunan dishes.The service is fast but the staff could be a little friendlier though.
For someone who isn't a fan of spicy food, this place offered some tasty spicy noodles. There are some items on the menu that aren't spicy, but the thing to get here is the Dan Dan noodle so I had to try it. The first few bites were good with some mild burning, but I was pretty much suffering towards the end. I loved that peanut sauce mixed in there (even though you can't tell by looking at it). We also got the wontons in chili oil and cold sesame noodles.The wontons were the same spicy level as the Dan Dan noodles so that was just a fire in my mouth as well. However, they're pretty good and definitely worth trying.The cold sesame noodles were the only thing not spicy and helped put out the fire. They smelled like sesame oil, but the taste is an explosion of several flavors. It really had some depth to it.
It's popular for a reason. One of the best in NYC for authentic Szechuan cuisine. Dry pepper chicken, Dan Dan noodles, mapo tofu, everything in the menu is damn good. Hurts the stomach with the spice but it's all worth it.
Great Chinese! Great service! Manager hands on! A little noisy at Times but then it ebbs and flows. We ordered so many dishes so we tried everything and all was outstanding!! New York Chinese is best!! Dumplings! Shrimp were the big suckers! Spice just right!! Share portions!!!
One of the best Chinese Szechuan restaurants in the city. Menu favorites - Dan dan noodles and dry pepper wings!
Third trip in a month. :)This time I had:Chicken wings: rich and filling. Pork belly appetizer: the pork belly was soft and not chewy, but the star of the dish was the sauce.Double cooked style with pork belly: huge portion of pork belly pouring all over the plate; enough to go to heaven (or hell).Garlic sauce scallops: not a fan of the quite plain scallops, but the dish was nonetheless tasty. Great service from Luis (as usual). :-)
Absolutely awful, they want you to eat and leave, they actually asked us if we were finished when we were halfway through our food. Ordered at 6PM, asked at 6.15, said they needed a table!!!   Appetisers of hot oil wantons and scallion pancakes were good, rest of the meal, beef, chicken dishes, were awful.  I noticed there were no Chinese clientele , always an indictor of bad food.  Will never go back.
I walked in and asked for a table for 2. There were at least 6 open tables scattered throughout the restaurant. The host looked at a table and acted as if we would be seated. Then an older woman came up and without even looking at the list rudely exclaimed "2 HOURS!"  When I looked puzzled the (actually nice) host apologized, but said that he had to follow her instructions. She offered no excuse except to say that there were "large groups" coming in, and also offered no apologies. I have been to Han Dynasty several times and have  enjoyed the food and atmosphere, and have wanted to bring groups of friends here as well. However after this experience I will not be back.
Be prepared to wait for at least half an hour no matter the time of day (we came at around 9:20 PM). This place is worth it.I don't think I've ever received food in a restaurant so fast after ordering - I would say barely 5 minutes went by before we had tasty Dan Dan noodles on our table. The dishes are large and shareable for sure. We also had baby bok choy which was amazing, though the true star of the show was the mushrooms that came with it. We also had the pickled Sichuan vegetables, which evoked kimchi without the spice (so yum) and fried dumplings which were as good as I've ever had. They also brought us white rice, but it was bland compared to the noodles so we didn't really touch it. Hot tea is also free!
Even though their name could be Handy Nasty (HanDynasty), their food is anything but nasty.  One of the best Chinese restautants in the city.  Beautifully spicy while having multi-layered flavors, non-spicy dishes are equally delicious. Good wine list, and great beer selection.  LOVE THIS PLACE!
The prices are a bit steep compared to regular Chinese restaurants but you're paying for the quality. There's a reason why the line goes around the block at times! Everyone has their own preference in taste but I don't think I can find 1 person who can complain about the dan dan noodles or their wings. Best wings in town!!!
The packaging of the dan dan noodle (veg) into a tall plastic container for the EatArcade $5 pickup didn't lend itself to a consistent product (even after closing it and shaking and other attempts at mixing), but the potential was there, with a few bites being good, but most being heavy and lacking any great Szechuan kick.
Just ordered delivery, was already eating when I just discovered a cockroach cooked into my food. I'm completely disgusted, lost appetite! I'm so sickened.I have been an avid and loyal customer for sometime now, even spent Christmas dinner dining in their restaurant, which is why I am so appalled! Highly disappointed. They are dropping the ball, and I'd like the city to check on the cleanliness or rather non-cleanliness of their kitchen.
Let me tell you! First of all, I love Chinese Food !!!  By far, one of the elite Chinese restaurants in NYC. The food is super .. I mean super amazing.  The service is special and guess what .. what? They really take care of their customers.  I cannot wait to come back and eat here.I was so impressed, I wanted to make sure the staff was aware of how special they are.What is special? I my opinion, keeping the customers/clients very happy.  Han Dynasty please don't stop doing what you do!  Thank you so much !!!
This place never disappoints and if you love spicy as well as authentic Chinese food, you have to eat here.I usually order the Dan Dan noodles, pea leaves with garlic, and dry pepper style with chicken.  You can't go wrong if you order these 3 dishes, trust me.
SOLID place. I've been here numerous times. Dine in or take out, have all been stellar. Our favorite dishes are the green beans, the dan dan noodles, sesame noodles and the spicy chicken! SO GOOD! Wish we lived in the area :)
3.5 stars- rounding up this time because all the dishes we had delivered for lunch were tasty. I also get the feeling that this place is much better when you have the dishes hot and right when they're prepared (hard to believe they even deliver to our area which isn't so close to their restaurant).We had the cumin chicken which was good but it really should have been lamb instead of chicken, the double cooked pork belly (wonderful), string bean with pork (fresh and tasty), and the scallion beef (tasty but not memorable).We'll have to try the dinner entrees in the restaurant to test out our delivery vs. dine-in hypothesis.
Came here for a late night dinner. Food was spicy but it was really good and flavorful.
ok dan dan noods. very greasy spring rolls. over all very greasy food for my taste. also the oil is heavy and indigestible. my first and last.......and 1 hour later...triple diarrhea
I lived in Philly for several years and they have multiple locations. I was extremely excited to find out they had a New York location.  We went for dinner on a Saturday night.  We arrived  around 7:30pm. The wait was about a hour.  Once you walk in and the amazing smells take over your nose you will understand why I waited that long.  We took the first available which ended being seats by the bar.   We ordered dunplings in chili sauce. AMAZING!  The chili sauce really just awakens your senses.  My ordered the Kung Pao shrimp.  That was great and not to spicy.  My husband ordered shrimp with crispy rice and loved it.This restaurant is not large so be prepared to be sitting rather close to others. I recommend getting here as early as possible for dinner because they do not take reservations. Only reason I gave it 4 starts versus 5 is because sitting at the bar the bartender isn't as attentive because he is dealing with to go orders.  Overall the food was amazing. I will be back
Terrible service. Essentially they don't care if you're there or not. On a recent visit we had to get our own menus and water refill from the bar. Ignored for about 20 min once at our table and made to feel like the waiter was doing us a favor by taking our order. We should have left but weather outside was bad and we were being lazy. Food was good but nothing special and definitely not worth the bad service. Food would be a solid 3 stars but given over all experience I can only give them 1.
I was really hoping for some authentic Chinese food, but was disappointed with this place. It was good for what it was, but it was not very authentic. I ordered the green beans dish and it could've had a little more flavor with soy sauce. I ordered the garlic sauce eggplant dish and it lacked on minced pork which is a staple in garlic sauce dishes... Also the eggplants were not all consistently cooked, some were very soft and some harder. The kong pao chicken had breaded chicken pieces which is not authentic at all, no real Chinese restaurant does this! I don't think I'd order from here again unless I was desperate and had no other options.
Best Chinese food in NYC!! Had the dry pepper style shrimp, chicken wings, Dan Dan noodles and the bokchoy and mushroom. Went there for lunch and dinner on the day I discovered it! Gained like 5 pounds that day because I couldn't stop eating.
I had the worst dining experience here. After consuming a few bites from a few dishes, I took my first--and last--sip of water: it tasted like paint. Sure enough, there was lipstick all around the mouth of my glass. In short, my meal was ruined; I couldn't rid my mouth of the taste of lipstick.I notified the server of what I'd discovered, and that I did not intend to pay for my meal as I was completely disgusted by the incident. Instead of a polite apology or offer to waive the cost of my meal, I was *blamed* for not checking my glass before taking the first sip, and I was told that my meal would *not* be refunded. Moreover, I was informed that there was no manager on site, and that I would not be given a phone number for contacting the manager.No apology for meal being ruined by lipstick on my glass; no refund; no manager or contact info. Instead, I was blamed and held responsible for an unclean glass, and told that the next time I dined at Han Dynasty, I could have a free drink. Unacceptable.
I can't gauge authenticity, but the food is delicious.  Good enough for me.It's not soupy, saucy, breaded-fried corner takeout, which does have its place.2 on a Friday, 9p. fallA long wait.2 on a weekday, 8p. winterno wait, but full.dumplings in chili oil - tastypork buns - good but not great, compare poorly to other iterations of this dish cumin lamb - hot, but easily moderated if you don't eat all the peppers, tender, mild lamb, wish it were a little funkier.dry fry pork - delicious, lots of heat.double cooked pork belly - leeks are delicious in this, great flavor, pork was a little chewy do to technique, may try chicken next time.crispy rice chicken - tasty but very mild and a little boring compared to other things.FoodIt's all delicious, looking forward to trying the rest of it.  I think the best thing it's done has been to strip down and explain an otherwise opaque set of dishes.  It's could be a bit reductive but you still get very tasty food from the deal.ServiceCan be uneven, but I don't expect much for this pricepoint and environment.AtmosphereBoisterous, crowded, but not too tightly packed.  The first time I went, I remembered it as hideous.  Second trip, it was just fine.  Had the same table.  Maybe the light was lower.  Totally passable, better than functional decor, but not too gaudy.  I came back strictly for the food.
When this place opened it filled a void in the neighborhood. A really good Chinese restaurant, even if it was a bit pricey. We were there when it  first opened and it was quiet with friendly service. However, it soon became the "hot" place to go.I can no longer recommend it. It is noisy, crowded, often with a long wait to be seated. Worse the staff seems in a hurry to rush you out and turn over the table. Yes, the food is good but there are now as good or better choices a block away. E.g. Mulan East (3rd Ave. between 10th & 11th).Don't believe all the hype.
Absolutely delicious. This is so far my favorite Chinese in the city. I had the Kung Pao chicken and it was heaven. I love that they have lamb option for their dishes, which I don't see a lot. Great food, highly recommended.
