If I don't say this place surprised me with their quality of Indian food I would be lying. Not only did it surpass my expectations for an Indian restaurant in Brooklyn, food was so appetizing. We ordered mixed Biriyani, lamb and chicken curry. I just left the place, I can still taste all the flavors and garlic in all the curries. We shall be back!'!!
Very bad experience (yesterday at 3 pm)  , I call before 5 minutes to place an order for dine in because I'm in rush , when I arrive there they give the food on a to go container , I told the guy working there I place order for dine in , he was blaming me : why you don't told me that on the phone , next time inform me before but anyway if you want you can eat here ..He bring the food without the sauce like usually , I ask for the sauce and he was eating with his coworkers in this moment, he stand up and bring me the sauce without the chips , I have to ask for the chips and he don't respond me he still eating and call someone else to bring me the chips Finally I can eat but the chips was oily , the food was cold and there is a lot of fat in the lamb , sticky rice and no flavor . So disappointed and I would never go back again in this location .
I stayed in Crown Heights for work and was thrilled to find Bombay Masala. I went two nights in a row and both meals were fantastic. Portions are very generous, and the service is excellent.
I typically order delivery from Joy Indian and have never been disappointed! They are speedy and courteous, plus the food is always hot, the order is always correct and above all, the food is always authentic and delicious. 10/10 would recommend to a friend (and have!).
Dishes to check out:Bombay AlooShahi PaneerChicken Tikka MasalaGreat food! I've come here by myself and with my wife.The staff was very attentive and quick, with the owner/manager checking on us. The food was well prepared, with a couple of exceptions. The chana saag was a little on the buttery side, and the chicken tikka masala was served uncut without a knife handy!That's the worst of it though. The dishes were generous and the flavoring was on point. I personally enjoyed all the dishes, and I rather liked the Bombay Aloo and Shahi Paneer.I recommend it!
This used to be my go-to for Indian take-out, but the food has gone downhill. Chicken was over-cooked, naan was soggy, and the food was so underspiced that we couldn't tell which dish was the vindaloo! Sorry, joy, I am done with you.
I came here for valentines dinner and it did not disappoint. When we got here, we were seated immediately. It was still a very busy restaurant and people kept coming in and going out. There were  lot of deliveries because the delivery guys were carrying many bags each back and forth. We ordered the tandoori dinner for two. It came with 2 soups, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, naan and dessert. It was only $33! So cheap. We ate so much until our stomach couldn't handle it.I got the traditional South Indian soup. I don't remember the name. But it was good and comforting for the cold winter day. I had the chicken tikka masala. It was rich in flavor and buttery. My BF ordered the chicken tandoori which he enjoyed. He said that it was "very fresh"Instead of the plain naan, we opted for the garlic naan and paid extra. He loved the naan! Their green sauce was delicious with the naan. Their mango lassi tasted like a dessert. I honestly was too full for dessert but I had the mango rice pudding. It had coconut strips which was a good mix with the rice pudding. My BF had the fried cheese ball. It was one cheese all which was funny and it looked so cute heh Parking was easy to find. The servers were all amazing and sweet.
This place is wonderful.Came here with my boyfriend for a Sunday brunch. I ordered my new favorite Baingan Bhurta and my boyfriend had Crabmeat Pathia, both were amazingly delicious. The food came in large portion and was very fast. I usually eat everything at an Indian restaurant, but the portion was larger than average that I have to take some home.Our server was very friendly and came to check on us often to refill our water. When we leave, we forgot our leftover food, and he came outside to find us and gave us our box! That's so nice of him so that I can have an afternoon snack of leftover Baingan Bhurta!Too bad we live little far from here and is out of their delivery range, but I guess we can at least come every Sunday for brunch from now on :)
Terrible customer service. Friend had allergic reaction due to poor menu descriptions. Attempted to charge us for her entree anyway, and were incredibly rude and argumentative when we tried to discuss this with them.My chicken curry was meh.
Ordered Chicken liver appetizer and chicken tikka lunch special. Both are good.
Solid Indian takeout. I ordered for six for one and am very happy with the results. The meal got here 10 minutes earlier than the window given, which was awesome. The garlic naan ($2.75) is a large piece of naan filled with garlic in the fold. Great flavor. The vegetable samosas ($3+ for 2) were mildly spicy, filled with a great mash of vegetables, enfolded in a crispy, flaky friend turnover. And lastly, I ordered the chicken tikka masala ($12.75) which is large enough for two solid meals, I would say. Lots of chunks of boneless chicken in a rather thin masala sauce. I think my only complaint is that the sauce was a little too thin, but the flavors are great.Definitely a good place to order from in the Crown Heights/Prospect Heights/Clinton Hill area. Don't expect the most amazing Indian you've ever had, but it will absolutely satisfy your cravings.
Don't get me wrong, the food is above average but the wait time was terrible. Got the chicken curry and chicken tika masala which both had good flavor. That's all the positives I can think of. The environment of the restaurant is dingy and feels somewhat dirty. There are dust balls on the ceilings and on the walls. Our waiter was great at first. Greeted and seated us quickly. However it took 45 minutes for our food to come out (2 entrees) and other customers waited ust as long. I was very displeased with the wait and wouldn't come back.
Authentic flavor. Superb variety of choices. Wonderful staff. Great music and atmosphere. Great options when dining with two. Waiter made great suggestions. Unique menu options you don't see every day in other indian restaurants.Would definetely go back again!
I've been to Joy quite a few times. I come alone mostly, but have brought my mom here once. Every time I come, I am either the only person or there is like one other person here. I guess they probably get busier for dinner. I like Indian food a lot, and was very familiar with it when I lived in Florida. I am West Indian (Trinidadian) so I have had my fair share of curry, but I love all types!The people who work here are pretty darn nice and I like that, I mean who doesn't like a friendly establishment?When I come here I get the Mango Lassi, which is very sweet (for my taste) but I like it. They give you some type of thin cracker that has a nice distinct flavor for your appetizer. Last time my mom asked for some of it to go lol, our waiter kindly gave her more. They give you a tin plate with 3 sauces/flavors on it and my mom liked them all, I only used their spicy sauce. We ordered vegetable curry, basmati rice, naan, and tandoori chicken. The food was enough for us both to share and there were some left overs. Flavored nicely, not bland or overly salted.I take my mom out to eat occasionally, and I am always happy when she likes my picks. Joy was a winner for mom, she says that we need to come back again and we will!!
Always great, usually fast delivery. Lamb Tiki Marsala is great and vegetable Samosa !! garlic Naan is great.
I took my parents here to celebrate Fathers' Day and it was a nightmare.  They had an issue with their oven and air conditioning system.  While we waited we saw someone come in who was tinkering about trying to remedy their issue.  They couldn't provide us with our correct order because thy oven was overheating and burning everything.  the place was filled with smoke.  The place is dirty and run down.  The food was not prepared properly as a result of the oven issue.  HIGHLY disappointed.  I will NEVER return.  Perhaps this is why they received a B rating.
Speedy service. Amazing food & super affordable. The food isn't too spicy, it's just the right amount of flavor. Samosa's are so good, vegetable or meat. And the free desert afterwards puts the icing on the cake, literally haha :)
It was atrocious. I ordered using EAT24 and it was my 2nd order. The Channa masala was spoiled !! really spoiled and smelt obnoxious.The naans (I ordered garlic) were not having any garlic and were extremely hard to cut using tooth.Never ever I am going to order again.
Came here with a family of four and we ordered the veggie special for two and the shrimp appetizer on top of that. Everything was delicious! We loved the poorie bread and the vegetable curry. The Saag paneer was super tasty and the whole meal was really inexpensive ($46).The meal included dessert too. We had another meal to bring home after we all had our fill. Great food. Definitely coming back.
I ordered the meat samosas and the baigna Barta and I was underwhelmed on both occasions. The samosas were dripping with grease making them less enjoyable. The baigna Barta, although its flavor was good, it was also very greasy and packed with large pieces of onion. I definitely needed lots of gum after this meal!
This is one of my friends favorite restaurants ,he talked about it so often that I was really excited to go and I was not disappointed. I had surprise ,surprise chicken tikka masala my go to indian dish it was a decent rendition good amount of spice, my friend had a tandoori salmon dish we shared basmati naan and coconut puri. The coconut puri was quite an interesting roti filled with sweet coconut a little too sweet for me but my friend adores it. Service was quick and efficient !
The food was delicious!!! I ordered chicken tikka for main course and meat samosa (wrird cause i never ate meat samosa). Naan was so soft and fluffy. I am a fan now. Got the dessert for free. But still, i'll give four star because customer service was not to the point.
Nice flavors/service, too oily.  I think the mushrooms were canned and it generally made me kind of sick.
My boyfriend's friend has a tradition for his birthday - Cheap Indian food with a BYOB. Now I don't think they are typically BYOB but we asked and they said yes! Perfect. The best part was when they had a tv and speakers on and played the happy birthday song in the restaurant while others were dining. That's service. The restaurant is very simple , no fancy lights hanging on the walks like the Indian restaurants in the Lower East Side. The service was great, as we were the biggest party at the restaurant. The food itself was very flavorful . I ordered a creamy dish and the sauce was the best thing ever. You know its good when you take your naan and wipe off all the sauce from your plate.Will go back again if they say its BYOB again. The thing is you got to ask beforehand just to make sure because they may have made an exception for the birthday party.
Finally writing a review after my 5th visit.  The trifecta of food, service, and decor. Bright, colorful and glitzy with the newest Bollywood films aired on loops in the background. They nail the staples- Butter chicken, tandoori, and lamb korahi are all outstanding. The owner Ahmed, and his staff are all incredibly friendly, attentive and accommodating.
I'm always up for good food and good company.  Had a mini reunion with my girl from high school and we tore up some Bombay!!  The trio of sauces were spicy, much to my liking.  I loved it so much I had to ask the waiter what the sauces were because I'm to the point where I might need to make this at home!  We opened with the shrimp pakoras with curry fried inside, which went along great with the Indian Lager.  I went out the box and tried the Dillard curry with chicken and pineapple.  Weirdly good!  Wait a minute, I almost forgot to talk about the garlic naan....OMG, awesomeness!  We then finished with a sort of amuse bouche at the end of rice pudding with golden raisins and slivered almond.  Nice and cozy restaurant, also good for a match.com date night.
Delicious food and a very welcoming host and staff made for an affordable and enjoyable evening with my family. They recommended variations on our regular orders and we had a surprising meal and were very happy.
Bombay Masala is our go-to Indian place. We order from them at least once a month, via Seamless. The food is always fresh and delivered on time. They make it so easy to order from home, I feel bad that I haven't dined in the restaurant in a while. We get the same thing every time: chicken tikki masala, garlic naan, and veggie samosas. Tried and true, maybe a little boring and safe, but always delicious. I think Bombay Masala has the creamiest tikki masala sauce, which is why I refuse to order from other places! The last time I did dine in, the Bollywood music videos were going strong and I had a great beer. Glad this place is doing well, what with all the additional places on Franklin since my last review.
I order delivery from Joy Indian about once a month.  The quality is anywhere from pretty good to excellent depending on the day, and the delivery is always prompt and friendly.  Truly, my only complaint with Joy is the bipolar customer service.  Recently, a delivery order arrived missing one appetizer.  I called to let them know, and they were incredibly kind and apologetic and promised a credit on my account.  An hour later, I received a call from a man informing me- in a surprisingly rude and condescending tone- that even though the Seamless website includes 3 appetizers with the dinner, THEIR menu only includes 2.  When I tried to respond to him, he hung up on me mid-sentence.   Alienating a loyal customer over a $5 appetizer seems like a strange choice.
This is the only Indian restaurant my husband and I have thoroughly appreciated in NYC, taking into account quality and cost. Although it has its good days and not-so-good days, it's still by far the best in the neighborhood, and we have yet to find an establishment that is more enjoyable.I have to admit, one of the primary reasons why we keep coming back to Bombay Masala is because the managers are wonderfully generous, interesting, and kind to us! Secondly, the best "Indian" food I've had was in London, where restaurants are typically either Bangladeshi or Pakistani. The managers of Bombay Masala are Bangladeshi, and this probably has a lot to do with our love of their food... We always start with a poori bhajee ($4.50) to share between two of us, which is a vegetarian version of a dish I've only seen in London (although I've never been to India or surrounding countries!). We then usually get one meat and one veg to share. The portions are generous, especially with the "Bombay special dinner for one person dinner special" ($15.95), which actually feeds us for more than one meal and includes pakora, one soup, one dish, rice, a naan and dessert. Sometimes we'll get one more main dish to complement the dinner special, depending on how much variation we're looking for. It's still incredibly cheap!To be completely transparent, there has been one or two times when the raita and meat samosa have tasted sour. That's not typical, but it is something I'm aware of. Usually, the dishes offer a lot of flavor and the meats are perfectly cooked (and not too dry). I highly recommend ordering each dish as is, rather than requesting a level of spiciness... Indian sauces are made to be a certain way, and they are best when left as intended. This is especially true at Bombay Masala, as the food hasn't been as enjoyable when I've asked for it to be made hotter. I recommend choosing the dish according to the level of spice you enjoy (tikka masala for mild, and jhal frazie for medium/hot spice, for example). As I said before, the managers are great and love making recommendations. They also usually throw in some of their rice pudding for dessert. Yum!
Ordered take out for lunch. Ate in the restaurant for dinner. It's that good.
Indian delight in the heart of Brooklyn! I came here to meet an old friend for a late lunch. There was nobody inside at the time and we had the place to ourselves. The delivery guy was busy coming in and out of the place as too many to count takeout lunch orders kept him busy.   Service throughout the meal was friendly and attentive. We received those taco like Indian chips with the side sauces. We started with an appetizer, vegetable samosas. The samosas were so delish with chickpea filling smothered in a creamy curry sauce. I ordered the Tandoori chicken with naan bread and rice and my friend got the shaag ponir, creamed spinach with cheese cubes . The naan bread was the best I ever had, texture is soft and fluffy.  I smothered the bread with the spinach and with the side of sauces. Tandoori chicken was very tasty and delish! I would eat the chicken taking turns with the rice and that so addictive naan bread. The food portions are plentiful and it is the real deal here! At the end of the meal, we received miniature bowls of rice pudding. Nice touch! As we were leaving, this place was no longer just for us as the dinner crowd came in.
5 star food and yes. Great Indian food for a reasonable price. We only ever eat In so don't know about the delivery or speed of that......From the 8-10 times we have eaten here. 5 stars.
Absolutely fantastic and delicious food!  The staff was very nice and I had a great experience.  It will be my new go-to Indian restaurant.
The food is plentiful and not expensive.  But, it takes like it has been frozen and reheated.  It just tasted "off" and the spices do not taste like other Indian food I have had.
Maybe I came here on an off day, but I was not blown away by this place. Only two stars for my review. Great location and very friendly people working here. It was a Monday and they were totally busy! The restaurant was filled with people. We ordered the Joy special for two people. It was a really good deal considering indian food is pretty pricey usually. for $40 you get two apps, two entrees, two soups, and two desserts. We got the spinach soup and the Joy special soup. They were really good. I've never tried Indian soups before and I was pleasantly surprised. We got the beef samosa, one cheese samosa thing and a chicken patty. The beef samosa was great. It has spices in the beef like cinnamon and it caught me off guard! The chicken patty was pretty tasty too. I was not a fan of the cheese thing. Our entrees were the weakest dishes we had. The chicken tikka was really bland, so was the lamb saag. The lamb saag seemed so watery. Usually, these two dishes are really thick and savory and flavorful. I was very disappointed. Their side of rice was not as fragrant as rice in other indian joints. The desserts were good. I loved that they were really small desserts since indian food tends to really fill you up. The rice pudding was delicious. Very coconut-ey, creamy and not too sweet. The mango ice-cream was really good too. The pistachio was very interesting. It was fragrant from the rose and bergamot or cardamom. This place is alright to me but I have other Indian places in the neighborhood that serves it up real well. Might not be going back here but it was worth the try.
After traveling all the way out to this part of Brooklyn for a wing place that ended up being closed, we walked over to this Indian restaurant because of the stellar reviews and boy did it live up.The staff was super friendly, everything we had was amazing, and the atmosphere was perfect. My first experience with Indian food was perfection and even though I live no where near here, it would definitely be worth a trip back to crown heights.
I'm constantly afraid I am going to overdose on this place. The food is so good, and it is so cheap. We order from here at least once a week, and go there every couple of weeks. Their chickpea potato and cauliflower is excellent, as is their chicken tikka marsala. The naan is fluffy, light, and chewy... just perfect. Plus, the service is superb. Even the delivery guy who comes is always super friendly. On top of it all, the restaurant is BYOB and there is a great bodega next store that has a huge selection of beers at good prices. Win all around.
Delivery forgot the rice, took 20 minutes to correct the order.. which they did flawlessly but remaking all the food.. had lots of leftovers.. I know shit happens but make sure you have all your delivery food before you give them a huge tip and enjoy this delicious room temperature Indian food
I had the curry goat and my friend had the shrimp saag which was were very good and there was a good amount of people there so. decent prices.
Vegans beware! Friends enjoyed their meals, but I was assured my dish was vegan and it absolutely was not. Waiter refused to check with chef and I left feeling ill.
This food was vile. The Dahl makhani is supposed to be a dish of black lentils, butter, spices and cream (google it). Ours came a sickly neon red, made of sweet bright ketchup and red 5 dye, with big dollops of sweet chutney in it and no black lentils or cream. Not only was th dish not Dahl makhani, it was also inedible. When I said something to the waiter and then the manager, he argued with us and refused to change it.But what happened next truly made me disturbed. It was the end of the night and the waiters were *recombining and re-serving old appetizer dipping sauces from tables they'd cleared*!  You know those sauces you get with your paadam? Dig in to 10,000 flu germs from any number of hundreds of past table leftovers that have been recombined and served back to you! Disgusting!!!! See the photo for proof. I am a huge fan of good Indian food. I've been in to India 4 times and I'm a vegetarian who cooks Indian at home. This was the most vile Indian I've ever had. This is an unusual review but I felt compelled to post this as it's a public health travesty
I was visiting a friend in the area, and we stopped by Bombay Masala for a Sunday night dinner.  The place is very casual and small, but we were surprised at having to wait 10-15 minutes for a table.  NBD, the waiters were upfront about all of that.After we were seated, we were left alone for quite a while to peruse the menu.  It was so refreshing to see so many vegetarian options!  They have a very expansive menu, and offered to alter certain recipes to accommodate any dietary needs - great to see that all of the food is made-to-order.Unfortunately that translated to slow service for everything else, too.  They forgot about our wine order; it took 20 minutes and 2 people to bring it out.  IMO, those glasses should have been complementary. The food had some definite hits and misses.  The fried apps from the vegetarian sample platter were sort of dry (HUH?  It's fried...) and soft, would not recommend.  The plain nan, however, was excellent, and should undoubtedly be included in every single meal from here.  Baigan Bhurta had great flavor but was WAY too oily, ew, not a fan of that.  My friend ordered a spicy shrimp dish with red sauce, which was excellent and HOT; I'm annoyed that I can't remember the name of it...OVERALL:  There is potential for good food if you can tolerate the spotty service.
I want to give this place a high rating, I really do, but I couldn't overcome the inadequate service and small portions.The best part of the dinner was the lamb tikka masala, it was really good. I liked the firni  and coconut soup as well. Thirdly, I like the fact that the $29 dinner special includes most non-seafood dishes.The reason why Im giving it such a low rating was the service. We waited, and waited, as we watched others, who came in after us, get served before us. I had to flag the waiter down several times. When we were being served, he just put the food down in front of us, no words, no explanation. When I asked I asked what each dish was, he explained, as he was walking away.I can't say the service was only bad to me.  While waiting, I watched diners sit for long periods of time while waiting for their bills. It was almost as if they were forgotten.I did not like the meat samosa (We only got one, usually 2 is the custom), and the porni pakora was not as amazing as lauded on Yelp. I could have done without. My chicken makhani was nit as good as I've had elsewhere (Gandhi on Bedford is my standard). I do not feel we were given enough rice, and our naan was cold. They also put ice in the lassi, Who does that?I take some f the blame for going on a busy Friday night. Maybe stuff is better on slower nights. At least the food was relatively cheap.
I've only ever ordered delivery from here, but it is consistently delicious.  My fave is their vindaloo - spicy but still flavorful.  A great balance of sweet/sour with the lemon and mango pickle.  Delicate popadums that still arrive crispy when delivered!   The delivery guy is friendly and even on busy nights we've never waited more than 30 minutes for our food.   Excellent!
It's by far not the worse Indian food you would find in the neighborhood but...it is definitely one of the worst service you will get. We went there as 2 families with 4 kids and it took them 1h10' to bring us our food! One hour and ten minutes!!In the meantime we asked them to turn the blasting TV down (broadcasting Hindi wheel of fortune) and they wouldn't comply , even though we were the only customers in the house...So yeah, food is not bad-naan is warm and fluffy and portions are generous and overall tasty, but...service and courtesy=zero. Sorry but can't give it more than 2 stars.
Delivery was timely via Seamless but the food was rather odd-the sweetest Indian food I've ever had, and, having been to Indian, this is not what Indian food is about. Although the lemon rice pilow was good & also a dish of all vegetables, everything else was drowning in saucy, over-sweetened goop. The final insult to Indian food was that the garlic naan had no garlic and no crispy on the outer perimeter -it was just glutinous dough. That and another dish I had to throw away.
This place has a great selection of delicious curries. My friends and I shared three different kinds, ranging from mild to hot. We ate our curry with the side of rice and naan. Our meal was paired with a bottle of wine. The wine we chose wasn't available and the waiter brought over another option. The service was decent. The quiet atmosphere is nice after a long day walking around. There are Bollywood music videos playing in the background (with no sound). The meal was really delicious and we even got a treat of rice pudding for dessert. Bonus: the food even tastes good as leftovers the next day.
Bombay Masala is the most delicious Indian food I've had in Brooklyn (you want INCREDIBLE Indian food? Go to Queens). Everything I order - we do delivery at home from here regularly - is cooked and seasoned perfectly, and as vegetarians, we have many lovely items to choose from on the menu. I've also never waited more than a half hour or forty minutes for our food to come.Our favorites:- The "vegetarian delight", which is roasted broccoli, cauliflower and onions in a delicious almond cream sauce (it's a very thick "sauce", perhaps more paste-like). Worth every penny.- The large assortment of roti (Indian breads) on the menu. Nan, Poori, Paratha and Poori stuffed with assortments of dal (lentils), aloo (potato), onions and pepper... The stuffed breads are all almost a meal in themselves, and all under $4.- Mushroom anything (my favorites being the saag and the mushroom soup). The large, meaty slices of mushroom - though probably from a can(?) - are satisfying and succulent; the spices a perfect pairing.I've dined in at Bombay several times as well, and though the ambience is about what you'd expect from an Indian Restaurant in Crown Heights (nothing fancy, flourescently lit and weirdly 80s-retro-gaudy), the service is always fast and friendly and our meals large and filling.
Ordered take-out at 6:23pm, didn't get here until 8:30pm - that I can somewhat forgive since the weather out was crappy, but the food wasn't all that great, and I doubt time would have been much of an improvement.  A call from them would have been nice, but nothing.  We called at 7:40 and it was supposedly on its way by then, so we waited.... - I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and got lamb, and since I can't eat lamb, my husband got it all, and told me that it was pretty meh.  Would have called to complain, but since it already took 2 hours to get this far, I didn't have it in me to wait until midnight for cold chicken in a bland sauce.- The Saag Paneer was good, albeit cold, but 90min off the pot will do that. - Onion Bhajia were gross, not just because they were cold, but because they were bland, bland BLAND and ALL BATTER - I think I saw a tiny piece of onion in there, but it tasted like paper towels. - Naan was soggy (again, 90min in foil does that). - Mango lassi - pretty hard to screw it up, thankfully it was good.The delivery guy was even too lazy to get his own pen out of his pocket to sign the receipt, so my husband had to run back in to the apt to grab one.  Sad.SO not worth the time or effort.  Go somewhere else.
Delicious! If you are looking for a cute Indian place, this is it. The meat melts in your mouth. My coworker was literally moaning while eating! Also the mango-yogurt drinks are amazing! We didn't try the desert because we were stuffed but since everything else was delicious I don't see why desert wouldn't be. We had meat and fritters sample platters for appetizers and 3 different dishes (don't recall which ones) and were all pleased.
I visited Bombay Masala last week and I must say I'm really glad I did. This restaurant is very cute and comfortable. I went around 4pm and it was not packed. The service was great. The owner himself attended to my girlfriend and I. His name is Assam and he's an awesome guy with a good sense of humor.Now for the good part. The food, I had potato samosas and we also tried the coconut samosa which was not bad. The garlic nan was perfect and the chicken tandoori was amazing. Really well seasoned and grilled nicely. The chicken tekka masala went great with the basmati rice and nan. I would like to recommend the rice pudding for desert. I usually hate rice pudding but this really good. I'm glad we have a nice Indian restaurant like this in the neighborhood. It's helping to make Brooklyn more diverse and cultured. If you live in Bk around Bombay Masala please check them out and give them your support. If you don't live in the area please stop by anyway it's worth the trip.
It was late, pouring rain, and we were starving with no food in the house. I placed an order at 8:45 for delivery through GrubHub. Then I read the reviews {usually a big mistake to read after, but...}. I read about how their dining in was great but deliver horrible, and I started to worry.I called just to make sure they received our order and to get an estimated time for deliver. I was told 9:30 which I took with a grain of salt, but what could we do but wait.At 9:29 our food arrived - on time, still hot, and super delicious. I had the Bombay Aloo and my husband had one of the curries. Maybe this place is hit or miss for delivery, but this time was definitely a hit.
My family member came home with the chicken massala dish for the family. I was loving every bite. This place usually doesn't disappoints, :)
I absolutely love this place.The delivery is fast and fresh and the food is just outstanding. Only once was my chicken tikka masala gross. It was super oily and nearly inedible and I called to complain (which I never do) and the guy on the phone gave me a credit for a free one next time I called. Low and behold, I received my free one tonight and it's back to normal! Perfect, delicious, creamy and not oily at all! Maybe they were having an off night that one day.Friendly service, honest owners, good food, reasonable prices, and fast delivery. What's not to love?!?
Had dinner here in the restaurant this week.  Incredibly conscientious staff, owner checked in on us a couple times.  Food was good, well-priced.  Had a biryani, some lamb curry, vegetarian thali...all tasty.  Definitely will try delivery as well sometime.
It is an ok kind restaurant! A saviour on a hungry day. Everything was a bit stale. May be it tasted like left-over from a previous day food.
Delicious, delicious, charmingly awkward, BYOB and delicious. What more could you want?
Possibly the worse delivery experience I've ever had. Ordered an hour and a half ago and still have not received food. Calls to find out status have been answered rudely. Better order from elsewhere.
less greasy than curry garden, so I will choose this from now on. veggie biryani is good.paneer pakora is good.  gulab jamun is good, but more... firm than I've had elsewhere?malai kofta is weird, not what I was expecting, but I've only had it a few times from other places.
Really really good - our new go to for indian in the neighborhood. Don't be alarmed if the dining room looks empty. We were the only ones in there on a Friday night around 7 pm but the restaurant filled up about 50% by the end of the evening, however they had a huge amount of take out and deliveries come through during the 2 hrs we were there.We had the dinner special for 2, which is about $36 for naan, rice,  2 starters, 2 soups, 2 entrees and dessert. My husband had the lamb korma and thought it was excellent, especially since it's the first norma we've had in the US that HASN'T put raisins or grapes in it (they're not supposed to be there people!). I had the chicken tikka masala and the sauce was AMAZING. Lots of flavors and just the right amount of spice.I had the muliwagatany (I can't spell!) soup which was amazing with a hint of curry while the other couple we were with had the coconut soups which they also said they enjoyed. Naan bread was so great - tasty, crisp and amazing garlicky.Other mains included lamb bryiani (huge portion) and the chicken vindaloo was was appropriately spicy. Dessert included mango and coconut ice cream which was the perfect way to finish things off.Note: this place is BYOB (amazing!). ambiance is a bit blah, but the service is very friendly!
My review is based on delivery only.  I got chicken malai, nan and kheer.  The food was good, and I would order again.
Delicious.  Vegetarian dishes are awesome.  I don't know why people complain about delivery, because it's always been perfectly fast and reasonable for me.  And the delivery guy?  So, so nice... I just ordered in a crazy rain storm and he showed up with a smile on his face.  This is really, really solid Indian at a great price.  Do it.
Brooklyn, your Indian food is pretty terrible. Accept that, and move on. Three stars because the delivery guy was nice and incredibly fast. Most of the food was bad. Vegetable samosas shouldn't be filled with some sort of crumbly thing that looks like shredded chicken. I'm afraid to research that further. Sauces shouldn't be made with so much cream it hurts and lacks all flavor. The potatoes were undercooked and the paneer had no flavor. Naan was okay and the chickpeas weren't too too dry, but overall, a very disappointing meal. And this is the highest ranked Indian restaurant in the area? Sad face.
Very bad indian food. Not indian flavor. We ordered chicken Biryani and it was sweet, I could taste the sugar added. Also chicken tikka was okay but not great. Service 1/5 ambience 0/5
Best Indian food in Brooklyn. If you know good Indian food, you'll agree. Everything comes out piping hot and truly delicious.
This was my first run-in with Indian food and it's been incredible. I've had several different sides from here but the only main dish I've ordered was the chicken tikka masala.All of the sides have been great too and if you don't know what something is, the staff is very helpful in explaining what everything is. It does take some time for your dish to come out so be prepared to be patient while you wait for your main dish.
Love this place! First went to the restaurant on New Year's Eve and the service was fantastic. BYOB just added to the greatness.Writing this review based mostly on my delivery experience. I had submitted an order online through their website. I received a phone call saying we were out of their delivery zone. We were super bummed, and rather annoyed, that this wasn't specified on the online order form.We were about to submit an order to a different restaurant when we get a call 15min later that they made a special request to the delivery guy to go farther than usual on his route so we could still get our food. The delivery guy showed up earlier than the new estimated time and they gave us a free dessert for the misunderstanding. They really have awesome service! Not to mention the pineapple curry I got was to die for.Bummed we can't order delivery from them in the future, but we will definitely be in to eat at the restaurant again.
3.75 starsThe following is my review based upon my SINGLE EXPERIENCE with this restaurant:1.  Delivery:  excellent, fast* and courteous.  Food was hot upon receipt.  (*Delivery time was so fast that I believe it must have been a slower evening for them.)2.  Presentation:  Food was not crushed, leaking, etc. and the bag was intact.3.  Food:  Ingredients tasted fresh.  Breads were not soggy.  The following is an incomplete list of the order:Aloo ghobi: well prepared cauliflowerGarlic naan: tastes excellent; as per usual with EVERY single Indian restaurant I've been to in North America, not NEARLY enough.Peshawar naan:  Excellent.  Again, overpriced for what you get.Malaai kofta: Very well seasoned.Regular riceOne other dish I cannot rememberPrice: A little expensive for what you get (specifically the naan).Overall experience:  Very friendly, fast delivery* and very good food; a bit expensive.Thank-you.
Three stars for this one. Maybe we caught these guys on a bad night but there was not a smile to be seen anywhere among the waitstaff. They did have Indian music videos playing on the TV in the background though. At least that brought some life to the place.So the samosas looked okay. Nothing special about the appearance or taste, just plain old samosas. I noticed as I was browsing through the menu that many of the items were spelled or pronounced differently than our typical Indian joint (Aarpan). Assuming they were just from different areas we both ordered our usual dishes: baingan bharta and naan for me and chicken saag for the boyfriend. My dish was not nearly as spicy as I am used to (not complaining!) and the aromas and spices were plentiful and abundant. I was able to get through the entire meal without breaking a sweat! The boyfriend had no complaints about his meal(minus the big pieces of onion but who can really complain about that) and the rice was so aromatic that I could smell it from his side of the table.All in all, can't complain about the food. We could care less if the waitstaff are not as lively and colorful as the pop stars in the music videos. They were attentive and brought our food, cleared away our dishes, and brought rice pudding as a complimentary dessert. Good enough for me.
After reading some of the other reviews, I feel like Bombay Masala probably had an off night when I ordered delivery last. However, in the spirit of fairness, I want to outline my experience... and 2 stars is generous. The food was terrible. The delivery service was adequate, polite, fast... but the food was oily, undercooked and somehow lacking in flavor. The bread was undercooked and cold, and the potato dish was horrible. I'm going to give this place another shot, but with so many decent options, I'm not excited somehow."Hit or Miss" probably says it best.
Went here for the buffet after seeing 4 stars on yelp. One of the saddest indian buffets i have ever seen. Other customers walked in for the buffet and decided to order a la carte. Food wasn't great. Soup was cold. I wouldn't recommend it considering all the other good indian restaurants aroun BK and Manhattan
Food: good, not great. Service: mediocre.Ambiance: really casual Indian place, tacky.
Experience: Ignored it on Seamless until I decided to walk in one day for lunch.Atmosphere. Standard neighborhood Indian restaurant. Clean.Food: So good that you continue to eat long beyond the point where you know you should have stopped. Portions are big.Service: Excellent, friendly. I've eaten in and picked up, never had delivery.Downside: The food comes a bit slow, but it's probably because they are making it fresh and from scratch..
I had High hopes w all the great yelp reviews. The food was mediocre and the order took a loooong time. I enjoyed the setting, quiet and good for groups. The service is very nice e
Had the 'tandoori' dinner here for 2 last night because 'kaz an nou' wasn't open1.  the soups were delicious - we took the south indian one and the spinach one - equally good2. apps - the 'chat' was not good, chick peas covered in a lot of strange sauce with iceberg lettuce. the fried paneer was good though :)3. entrees- the lamb shish kabob was awesome and like indian fajitas... the chicken tikka masale was fine but tasted like it came out of a bag. naan and rice were on par but nothing special.4. dessert - 2 icecreams were goodthe service was very slow and forceful, almost throwing the plates at us... or not coming by at all, even though there were few patrons in the restaurant... not very romantic, but cheap and better than average indian food. not sure that I would go back...
This is a nice local Indian place that serves decent sized portions, flavorfully cooked at reasonable prices.  We really enjoyed the lamb curry and the chicken curries that we selected as well as the vegetarian dishes too.  The Mulligatawny soup was a little bit different than I have had elsewhere, but still very good.  Service was attentive too.
Love the sunny decor, the waiter's friendly energy, philosophies and suggestions.... and I the samosas are among the best I've ever had - flavorful and how do you keep something fried from being heavy and greasy? The cook worked his magic to fab results, and not only on the samosas - chicken tikka masala, mixed grill and saag chala, and of course some naan & papadums.   My friends and I enjoyed a Brooklyn dine-in lunch special - lotsa food for 3, and walked away with (yummy!) leftovers and after drinks, tax and tip, only $18/person lighter. Great food and super friendly service.   Will definitely go outta my way again to go back.
Chicken Tikka Masala. My fellow yelpers, thank you for recommending Joy Indian Restaurant. I wanted a memorable choice for my final Brooklyn meal and I am content. In my 4 weeks in Brooklyn (this year) and trying 4 other Indian restaurants,  Joy was best. My dish had good spicy flavor and I was pleased to have a green cardamon pod in my sauce (pleased because I question whether others use a jar sauce).  Highly recommend!!
The food here is good but the portion sizes on their deserts are very small and over priced. Who pays 4 dollars for a spoon of ice cream?!
If I could give this place negative stars, I would: 1 star off for an arrogant attitude, 1 star off for serving Bangladeshi food, masqueraded as Indian food, and two stars off for making me wait 1 hour & 40 minutes for my delivery to arrive.I called for delivery of the veggie thali at 8:45pm. By 10pm food still hadn't arrived, so I called back again. The person I spoke with reassured me that the delivery was on it's way and would be at my home soon. It wasn't.I called back a second time at 10:25 and complained that I had been waiting too long. The person I spoke with said, "We're too busy. We have too many orders." I replied that if they were so busy, then at some point they should stop taking orders, instead of making me wait 1 hour and 40 minutes for my food. The person on the phone said it would be fine if I only paid half the price of my $15 order.The delivery finally arrived at 10:25. I told the delivery person that I had been waiting too long and that someone at the restaurant agreed that I should only pay half price. The "delivery person" said that he was the owner and demanded to know who of his staff agreed that I pay 1/2 price. - The owner was more concerned about losing $7 than the fact that he had an unhappy customer!Not once did the owner apologize or admit that I was right to be unhappy with the delay. He took an arrogant stance and said that I should expect an hour wait. I pointed out that it was 1 hour and 40 minutes, and said that if the restaurant is swamped, that they should stop taking orders, rather than making people wait as long as I did. Then he started yelling at me, saying, "This is my business and I'll run it how I want it!"If this is the way the owner wants to run his business, then he won't be in business long.PS: The naan and rice were cold upon delivery.
Excellent service by Azam! He helped us with wine selections, food choices, and chatted with us about all sorts of things. Our food was delicious, and the salmon tandoori really impressed me! I will be making that a regular, for sure. It came with saag (cooked spinach) and some chilled tomato and cucumber, and was cooked with all those delicious tandoori spices. The naan was also excellent and came in a decent sized portion.Our bottle of wine was great and only cost $17. The food was also an excellent price for the portion-- I had enough to take home.The atmosphere was cute, with lots of lights and a TV playing bollywood music videos. Highly recommended.
I feel obligated to write this review because at the end of our lunch there, the Indian owner exhorted much  -- "Please write about us on Yelp. It's so important to us..." it feels good to be a yelper,lol~Guys will love this place better than girls because there are big screens hung on the wall showing Bollywood movies with those gorgeous girls winking to you.  Ah~ Indian food, how come your names are so hard to remember... But anyway, this is a place you will have a happy meal. - a lazy yelper
Not only is the food amazing here, but the service is incredible.  The people take great care in making sure you have a great time with your great meal.  They all joke with you and make you feel like you are guests in their home.  They will make any vegetarian dish without the dairy, so vegans and omnivores can both enjoy.My only complaint is that they aren't in my neighborhood!  I will be back soon :)
Delicious food but crazy slow service on a not-busy night... Would order delivery but won't come back in person.
Food is decent...when it finally gets to you. This is the second time I've had delivery issues with them. Both times a guy answers the phone who barely speaks English and you can tell he gives zero f*cks that my food hasn't arrived.  We're starving so we are looking forward to getting our tepid food, but this is likely my last order to this place.
Absolutely worthless place. It is not an Indian place but a Bangladeshi place. I hate to admit that i got fooled. There is no difference between meat or veggies. All taste the same. Never turning this way again or for that matter any brooklyn restaurant. I wish yelp can allow us to filter the reviews by nationality.
The vast majority of the dishes here are just plain delicious, and their delivery is quick as anything: they're also on Seamless, so knowing that the food will be here within 20-25 minutes has meant that I order from here way more than I should. The restaurant itself isn't that fabulous--it's pretty small and doesn't have a lot of ambiance--so you're not missing anything if you do delivery or takeout. The only time I've been disappointed is with some of their appetizers: their samosas and vegetable pakora are a little more fried than I'm used to with most Indian places, to the point of not really getting to taste the filling. But those are two nitpicks: it's really yummy food, friendly people, and the prices aren't that bad. Definitely worth checking out, especially if you're looking for a reliable go-to Indian delivery joint.
Slow and unapologetic service. Mediocre food at best. Once again proving if you want to get rich, all you need to do is open a decent Indian restaurant in central Brooklyn. I went there for dinner. The food took over an hour to be served. And they forgot one of the two meals ordered. It was another 30 minutes after that I got my dinner. No apology. No, "have a drink while you wait, sir."  No attempt at making amends. Nothing. I ordered from seamless. The confirmation email said delivery delivery in 35-50 minutes. After an hour, I called and was told it left 10 minutes ago (already late) and would be another 15 minutes. 20 minutes later I called and was again told 15 minutes. No apology. No offer of discount. Just an offer to cancel the order. I promised to leave an appropriate review on Yelp, Seamless, and Google. Here it is: One star, because I can't give them none.
Was visiting a friend nearby and based on the reviews we went here for lunch. Great food, all made fresh, really nice flavors, I felt like I was eating Indian in London (which is the highest mark I can usually give). Very friendly staff as well which is not always the case in an indian joint, and awesome bollywood movies on the TV. The decor is a little tacky but in a fun indian way.
Gotta love good old Bombay Masala. Quick, tasty food and friendly service. The music videos playing in the background are pretty cool too.
Easily the best Indian food in Brooklyn.  The Baingan Bhurta and Chicken Tikka Masala are my favorites, but I've never had a bad dish here.  The restaurant itself isn't fancy, but the staff is friendly and helpful. Bollywood movies on the the TV and BYOB make for a fun, thrifty, and delicious night out.Very Kid friendly (high chairs available). Generous portions make for fabulous lunches the following week!I first went here when I lived in Prospect Heights. I moved to Carroll Gardens, but this is still the only Indian I order from.
Let me start off by saying that the service seemed off that night. Our food took an hour to get to the table from the time we ordered and I received my food about 15 minutes after everyone else got their food. Needles to say I was not a happy man. All that being said the chicken tika was amazing and I'm sure if you catch Bombay Masala on a good night you will love it!Hoping to have a better experience and change my rating!
I love this place!  We have been regulars for years and it is always reliable.  The food is delicious -- I love the chicken Tikka Masala and the Saag Paneer.  We had the Vegetable Delight (the menu tells you that their celebrity costumers love it :)) last night which is an exciting new dish to add to my repertoire.  The veggies are both well flavored are not at all overcooked -- which is hard to find in Indian cuisine.  The service at Joy is great!  The waiters are attentive and give good suggestions.  The decor is amusing --  I especially like the picture in the back of the restaurant with the blinking skyline.  We also love to order in from here.All in all it's the best Indian you will find in this park of BK -- give it a shot!
I wish there was an option for zero stars. I ordered food at 8:30pm on a Wednesday night and was told it would come at 9:50. At 10:20 I called to see where my food was and the guy that answered was so rude to me. He tried to tell me that I was wrong about the time it was supposed to come and then finally he told me that he has a lot of orders so it will come some time. Just that. It will come some time. So why tell people when the food is going to arrive when you don't actually follow that whatsoever?? Do yourself a favor, CHOOSE ANOTHER INDIAN RESTAURANT. This one sucks and they don't care at all about making their customers happy.
Best indian food ive ever tasted in nyc...The waiter was entertaining and accomodating..5++++++
I wish there was an option of giving zero stars .. first of all we ordered the food 20 mins prior to coming knowing the nature of Indian restaurants, then when we got there they made us wait another 30 mins for our food to come out and omg the food was horrible ..... The ppl can't speak English properly .... we ordered biryani and there's no flavor in it and I called the chef and he gave me the look that I have no idea what I was saying but being a pakistani I have enough knowledge and taste bud memory to know how my peoples food is but main of all things just don't go there and waste ur money , ur better of getting frozen preserved indian food
We have take out from Indian Joy at least once a week.  I love the Chicken Shaag.  Everything is delicious and service is fast and courteous.  I once ate here with an Indian friend who is very discriminating and she loved the food here too.
My Gf from Korea was visiting NY for the 1st time and was determined to get her eat on.We Yelp'd and decided Mexican so we headed to Franklin Ave. Unfortunely when we got to the Mexican place they didn't open til the afternoon so we walked to the corner and what we saw was Bombay. We were greeted on arrival, seated quickly,and then I ran to check out the bathroom.*New York rule if the bathrooms dirty I will not eat there* Washed my hands in a clean bathroom and proceeded to get back to my party of 2.lol.  We ordered a bunch of curry items that included shrimp and chicken,rice,roti. It was all great. Only issue it took about 30mins for our food to come, but thats expected because if curry isn't cook'd right you will be ill. Everything was well cleaned,cooked, and seasoned. Very happy Chica and will be back for a follow up.
Heard about Bombay Masala from a co worker and figured id give it a shot. Glad I did. I got the chicken Tikka. Some of the freshest,  cleanest chicken breast i've ever had. Perfect rub on the meat and it was charcoal cooked to perfection. The rice was good too. Owner and co workers were incredible when it came to service. The bread was outrageous too. Can't wait to go back.
We had a lovely experience here! Delicious malai cofta, daal, and naan, attentive waiter, welcoming owner. Beautiful colors on the walls and fun (though not too loud) Bollywood music playing in the background. Definitely value for the portion size, too. Thumbs up!
Great restaurant! The food was really good and the prices are cheap too. The server was very friendly. Order the salmon tandoori it was amazing.
I have been coming here for several years, either eating in or just for a take out. Really very tasty Indian food! And they recently updated the decor so it's even nicer now to dine in... owner Ahmed is always welcoming and very accommodating too....
Although the food was good customer service was horrible during lunch.  I will not be back!
Ordered delivery from here. At our door in under 30 minutes in the rain! The food was absolutely delicious. The cauliflower with spices and tandoori chicken were especially tasty.
I know, I know... I should really get something other than chicken tikka misala and crab curry. But I just can't help it. Those dishes always do something to me.Needless to say, Bombay Masala's chicken tikka masala and crab curry were delightful. I'm a few blocks away and called for pick up and they were so friendly and even gave me a little soap-thing (I think?)I'll be going back.. and maybe I'll even venture off and try one of their many other dishes.
Really good experience. The food was delicious and very authentic. Tried the lamb kurma with almond nan. Definately recommend this place!
I like this place, the food is good but for the life of me I can't figure out why they NEVER send utensils with my orders.Wish they'd get some brow rice, yes I know it's not traditional but it's still healthier.
I ordered my food 2 hours ago.  I called 1 hour ago to see where it was.  And I am still waiting for my dinner.
I have tried EVERY Indian delivery possibility in the area.I have had Joy quite a few times over the years; it's always been pretty good, sometimes really good.I just had THE best Indian food delivery I think I've ever had from anyone.  From Joy!I'll stop trying all the others and only order from here now on, hoping that it will always be this amazing.
OK delivery-- took a REALLY long time, like 45 minutes or so.Had the saag paneer, chicken tandoori and chicken tikka masala. The chicken tandoori was tasty but sadly had a hair in it :(The chicken tikka was yummy--  frighteningly orange, but good.
Food was delicious and they serve a nice portion. Not too pricy.. The service was great!  The waiter was very nice and friendly.  Would definitely go back!
Just a few months before I moved away from the neighborhood, this delicious little Indian place sprang up just around the corner. So when I moved back after being away for 2 years I was ecstatic to discover it was still there and still just as incredible, and now with a liquor license. The food is incredible, though you do have to ask for your food to be spicy if you like it that way as most of the food is rather mild. When requested they can make it as mind melting as you like. I've eaten just about everything on the menu by now and must say I like it all. The chicken liver appetizer is a personal favorite, as is the rogan josh (best with lamb, imo). The staff is very attentive and remember their regulars. The Bollywood videos can be amusingly distracting at times, we usually sit in the window where it's not so loud or obtrusive. And their prices are more than fair, especially the lunch specials.
My boyfriend and I went here for the first time on a Friday night.  The restaurant was completely empty (only one other two top) and since it was a pleasant night we asked to sit at the four top by the window.  The waiter said no, and told us we had to sit at a two top.  My boyfriend and I both looked at each other and weren't sure if he was serious.  We asked him, "So, you are saying we can't sit here?", and he said no again, until another waiter walked up and told us we could.  We honestly should have walked out right then.  I would completely understand if the restaurant was packed, but it was empty and clearly not filling up anytime soon!We ordered the tikka masala (horrible, no flavor or spice), a vegetarian dish (that did not look a thing like the picture that only tasted like shredded coconut), and biryani (that was just ok). Due to the unfriendly service, and less than average food, I won't go back.
Amazing food, great waiters, hilarious dramatic Indian music videos, even happy delivery men! What more can one ask?!
Ordered over two hours ago and never received the food. Called six times for updates and was told every time they were in contact with the delivery person and he's minutes away. Don't order from here.
I'm going to preface this review by saying I have no deep knowledge of Indian food. I only know what tastes good. And Bombay Masala always tastes good.I should also make it known that I've never actually been to the restaurant -- we always get delivery, which is always speedy (30-40 minutes).Now, on to the food! The naan is always fluffy and warm and perfect in every way, and the entrees have never disappointed. I love the chicken tikka masala, and the BF loves the lamb vindaloo and the shaag dal (spinach and lentils in a spicy sauce) -- both of those are really flavorful, but they're also both really spicy. I've also tried the molai kofta, vegetable croquettes in a masala-like sauce, which was also really good.It's definitely one of the best places for delivery in the neighborhood.
The Naan was so bad. It was slightly burnt and just tasted like dry bread. I ordered the Korma and it was ok but next day leftovers were 45% oil... There are so many Indian restaurants in the city, skip this one
MMMMMMMMM.I must admit, I've never had bad indian food in my life. I just always love it wherever I go. I've had average indian food, though, but this place is really great.One of the perks of being in an "up and coming" neighborhood is that you get to go to new restaurant's that have barely anyone inside and get treated like royalty. This is one of those places.Delicious food, great service, well priced. Big portions!Definitely going back.
Good clean Indian.  Tons of veggie options and reasonable cost wise.  Will be back again!
I love this place.  The owners are some of the sweetest people on the block.  They are fun!  One night my boyfriend, two friends  and I went there for a drunken dinner.  We brought 2 bottles of wine without knowing they hadnt been byob for about 4 months. We were bummed to find out we might have to shell out a lot more money.  After seeing our frowny faces the owner uncorked our wine,for free, with a smile!  Not only did he save us a lot of money, we ended up getting drunky drunk .  We enjoyed a very long dinner.   They never push you out, service is slow but why do i feel that is the case with all Indian places? I asked the owners wife about her garden (I have a green thumb and when drunk Im a straight up hippie), she pointed out that she was having some issues with ivy taking over the beds from the previous garden.  I showed her how to get rid of it, and we had a very strange bonding moment over brooklyn gardening.  One of my weirdest nights, but definitely my favorite story.  My boyfriend and I still go here at least twice a month.  They're new back patio is a dream come true.  Also, their food is delish and they offer a tasting type of entree to share where you can get 5 different dishes in small bowls to try.  Fun!
Simple: good, inexpensive Indian food, never crowded and very friendly staff. Great for ordering in or going out.
Our waiter was a ridiculously nice Bangladeshi man (may've been the owner).  I had a special curry not on their normal menu and I couldn't stop eating it - forget the name; maybe dhansak?  Knowing there are epicenters of great Indian restaurants elsewhere in the city, this one is a great go-to for Brooklyn!
Wonderful food but worst delivery service ever, always missing at least one or two items from order. Decided to have faith this evening on my birthday and not open out whole bag on doorstep but  of course they were missing the naan breads ordered!!!So awaiting it now to be delivered and food is cold already. Calling them is ridiculous, worst service on phone, they do not care that they are alienating their customers. Most frustrating place EVER!
Holy crap, an order of chicken biryani fed me for 3 meals!Also, i received a free mango lassi for diwali - so cute.Everytime I get take out, I'm pleased. espesch with a madras curry I got once that was super fiery!
Let me start by saying, it was 10pm on Saturday. Not a creature (or at least not a customer) was stirring. The place was straight up empty. We ask the guy to sit at the four top table by the window. He says, "thats for four people. Sit at the table for two." We were like wtf? You do realize this place is EMPTY, can we take the table for four?!Anyways, he finally allowed us at the four top. I like the Chicken Tikka Masala. The chicken pcs were extra tender and flavorful. The naan was served super warm and soft. The baigan bharta was just ok. Very fresh but lacking flavor flavor intensity that Indian cuisine is known for. Maybe I should have ordered the saag.I will give them another shot if they deliver to my area. Definitely not trying to interact w/mr friendly waiter, ultra possessive of his tables.Not a single person, let alone a party of four, came in while we were there, btw...
This is one of my all time favorite restaurants, which says a lot, since I enjoy cooking, and can be very picky. I also live in Queens, and have been known to travel to Brooklyn, just to eat here. Not only is the food affordable, but its also extremely tasty. I usually order the salmon tandoori, with coconut puri and naan bread. Joy Indian, is BYOB, so feel free to purchase an affordable bottle of merlot and bask in the glory of good eatings.
I usually get takeout from here, but have even sat down in the restaurant and ate. I always order saag paneer and it's delicious! Friends have ordered other things and also enjoyed.  If you stay in the restaurant be prepared to have an awesome Bollywood film playing in the background. If you go in to pick up your food, the staff will seat you and may possibly even give you a cool drink while you wait. They deliver as well and the price is right!
No good. My husband and I ordered quite a bit of food from this place on Seamless, willing to drop the dough for some leftovers. We waited 1 hour and 50 minutes for our delivery to arrive. We called twice regarding our order's status. Once after an hour, and then once a half-hour after that. Both times it was, "Oh, sorry. He's on his way." No further concern, or attempt to keep our patronage with a future discount. Just when we were about to call for our money back, the delivery arrived.Now, hunger is the best sauce. Given that sentiment, and after so much time, you'd expect this food to be more than satisfying. The sauces for the lamb rogan josh and the chicken bhuna tasted EXACTLY the SAME - and BLAND, at that. The meat itself was tasteless. The sag paneer tasted just slightly elevated from rewarmed frozen spinach. Surprisingly, the naan was still warm - so that deserves note. As a whole, these folks are not concerned with quality. It's too bad. If you think this is good Indian food, then, please, treat yourself to a trip to Curry Hill or Jackson Heights. It'd be a breath of fresh air to discover a place in Brooklyn that could even scratch the surface of something you'd find in these 'hoods. Alas, we continue the quest.
I always enjoy the food here, but the delivery was extremely slow tonight.  Took over 90 minutes to get my dinner order and they weren't particularly sympathetic when I had to repeatedly call to check in.
I got the mix biyrani. I just had a better before...the rice is soggy and its not as flavorful as other biyrani I've had.  But I think its ok, and I would order from them again.  I also tried the garlic naan and it was also soggy and not as flavorful as I thought it would be.Ok for a cheap lunch or dinner.
Went to this place with my partner for a quick Sunday lunch. The service was very friendly and fast. I liked the Indian music videos playing on the TV screen since it added to the ambiance.The food was also very good. We only had vegetarian dishes on this visit, but I would recommend this place if you're looking for a quick bite of some authentic Indian food.
This place is AWESOME.  The menu offers a large selection of traditional Indian dishes, and I have never been disappointed.  When eating in the restaurant, the staff is super friendly and always makes sure every thing is ok.  There is one middle-aged gentleman who is always there and he's wonderful (although I've never caught his name).Delivery is good as well, but there are a few things that just tasted better in-house (the banana fritters for example, end up a little soggy if delivered, but are crispy and perfect if you eat them fresh).  The tandoori chicken is soo good too.  The chicken is always perfectly cooked, never too tough or dry, and perfectly seasoned.  I've also had the Biriyani, which is a simple rice and chicken dish.  The naan is always fresh and delicious.  Two add-ons to your meal that you must try at some point:  Lassi mango drink (OMG SO GOOD--if you like mango and have a sweet tooth!)  and the Firni (rice pudding).  Get the rice pudding for delivery; in store you get literaly two spoonfuls, but if you get it delivered you get a full cup of it, which believe me, you'll want.  I am always super stuffed and satisfied after eating from Bombay Masala.
Place is hit or miss. Sometimes it's really good and other times it's unbalanced and just off. Everything from vegetarian dishes to meat options have been decent but just not exactly consistent. It's no Jackson Heights Diner  but the folks are nice and friendly and it will do in a pinch.
Order your food on Seamless. Wait an hour. Call them and check on your order. Speak to the clueless guy who answers the phone, who tells you he'll call back. Wait a little longer. Call back. Have the same conversation with the same guy who basically tells you that he doesn't know where your food or the delivery guy is. When you tell him you have paid for your food, already tipped the delivery guy and waited 90 minutes, that all customers are treated the same this should be a sign to anyone that you should eat somewhere else, unless this is how you want to be treated. Oh, and by the way, I never got my food. That I had already paid for. Now I have to try and get my money back. Not very joyful.
I have developed an addiction to Joy's Mushroom Saag and Biryani with Chicken/vegetables..Oh mama. Joy is not close to where I live, but I will haul in across town on A BUS to get to those popping flavors. The Biryani is perfectly balanced with a citrusy burst and the Saag is so flavorful I'm salivating just thinking about it.  I'm not crazy about the environment or the vibe of the younger fellows that work here (the older gentleman seems polite) so I usually get it to go...but with flavors THAT good I  will go back and back and back. YUM.
Last Sunday, my wife ordered takeout from Bombay Masala while I was out and about and I dropped by to pick it up on the way home.  Because she had just called when I arrived, I waited in the restaurant for a while for the food.While waiting, I had a beer and was, graciously and generously, provided with very spicy papadums free of charge.The gentlemen whom I dealt with while there, particularly the one who seemed to be in charge (although I can't say for sure if he's the GM, a shift manager, the owner or simply the host/maitre'd) were all tremendously nice and helpful.  In fact, he was so talkative and nice that I wondered if there was something going wrong in the restaurant and he was in damage control mode.While I did not sit and eat a whole meal with table service, I have to say that I found the ambiance to be tacky with strings of lights and recessed fluorescents on the ceiling.  The non-lighting decor was unremarkable and confined to the walls and the tables were standard restaurant fare.  When you combine the open layout with the full-room illumination, there was nothing providing even a hint of intimacy to any table.When I got the food home, after waiting in the restaurant for 20 minutes (my wife had literally called two minutes before I walked in the door, so 20-ish minutes is not an unreasonable wait at all), I was delighted that it was so tasty.  We ordered the Chicken Tikka Mikhanee Tandoori, Sbaingan Bhurta, some Naan, and an order of the Special Pillaw and an order of the assorted condiments.
This place is GREAT! The service is good (although we were there in the late afternoon and were the only ones there) but the food...the food is absolutely STELLAR. We ordered a range of dishes from tandoori chicken  that was very moist and spiced perfectly, to a lamb malai that was absolutely heavenly. The chana aloo was fantastic and an eggplant baingan bharta was perfect. Even the basmati rice was fresh and cooked perfectly. This might be some of the best Indian food I've ever had and I've tried more than a few places over the years.
I Love Bombay! The food always smells great and tastes fresh. I usually go with the meat samosas, chicken tikka masala, and the firni "rice pudding" for dessert.  They also throw in two different sides of sauce and some kind of spicy indian salsa all free of charge.Their portions are large enough to share, and always arrives hot if delivered. Definitely a gem in the neighborhood and worth trying if you're in the mood for Indian.  *If dining in, be ready for some awesome Bollywood Movies that play in the back!
I can't believe it's taken me so long to review thus place! Delicious, flavorful Indian food. Great for date or take out.  I've done both.  I love the lamb vindaloo.  Truly spicy and oh, so good!  My boyfriend always gets the chicken tikka masala, also delicious.  The naan, the difference sauces, the samosas, I love this place.  Plus, they deliver to my apartment in Bedstuy.  My boyfriend and I last tried the dinner special for two.  There was easily enough food for three.  It was all so delicious.  This spot is our go-to for Indian food.
Yum yum yum! You know this place is good when your Indian roommate tells you this is the only place I should order from! Delivery is quick and fast. I went in once to order take out as well. They even threw in some soup for me! I ordered the chicken tikki masala, naan and samosa. All were still steaming hot when I got home. Large portions for the price as well.
I HAD DIARRHEA FOR AN ENTIRE WEEKEND!Other that that the food was good, but a bit greasy for my liking. I also never had Chana Shaag with chicken in it before. It was good, but not what I was use to. I was happy though that they had Dahl with a soup like consistency. It makes it good for dipping the Naan in.I guess if you have a strong stomach and like random poultry in your vegetarian dishes hit this place up.
Delicious food and wonderfull atmosphere. Will come back.for sure
Finally!!!! Above average Indian food in Brooklyn. Sauces are on point: vindaloo burns in the best way; tikka masala is creamy and fresh; korahi tasted like ....well korahi! Meats were cooked thoroughly but still tender. Yes....Bombay Masala....yes!
We use Bombay Masala to order in and often pretend the actual restaurant doesn't exist. I don't even want to think about how many things can go wrong with Indian food, Crown Heights, Small, Cramped... you get the picture. Anyway, we like their paneer dishes... it is always the wrong color (bright orange is not natural you guys) but when you've come home and don't really want to explore the neighborhood joints... Bombay Masala is a nice safe bet. It uses two of my favorite words as their restaurant name - it can't be a bad thing. Bombay and Masala yay!
This place is always very good! My wife and I always get the Chicken Tikka Masala and it's wonderful. It's usually enough for dinner and then lunch the next day, too. Have to get it with the garlic naan. We get the meat samosas as well. These are pretty decent but not the highlight.And if you're ordering for delivery your food will be at your door quickly and at a great temperature.
Our go-to neighborhood Indian spot. Portions are big, prices reasonable, it's BYOB and there's Bollywood videos. No specific standouts food-wise, just really solid all around.
I found Bombay Masala through Yelp so I feel that I should throw in my review after having dinner with a few friends last night. We got there around 8pm on a Saturday night and were seated right away (party of 4).  The servers were extremely friendly and patient as we all took a great deal of time before finally deciding on all of our dishes.The prices deserve 5 stars - outstanding!  A friend and I split a "Vegetarian Special for 2" and it was around $27 for 2 soups, an appetizer, 2 main dishes, naan bread, and 2 rice pudding desserts.  This was WAY too much food, and for the most part it was all fantastic.  The only reason I'm taking one star off is due to the spice factor, or lack thereof, of my main dish, the mixed vegetable curry.  I asked for mine to be "extra spicy" but it was lacking any spice or heat whatsoever.  All was not lost though - I asked for something to make it spicy and our server immediately brought out a red pepper sauce that I mixed into my dish, which was exactly what it needed.  The lentil soup to start the meal was great, the vegetable pakora was spot on, and the rice pudding dessert was a sweet way to end the meal.One friend had the "Special Dinner for 1" and raved about the curry lamb.  The third friend tried a few different appetizers for his meal and cleaned all of the plates.  As a place within walking distance from my apartment, I'll definitely be back.
Really freakin' good!!Food is Flavorful and Fresh.  Eat in the restaurant and the ambience is pleasant and low key, great for conversation with friends.  Good selection of Indian beer.  Service is good too.  Also, recently we ordered delivery and although we don't live right by the restaurant, the food arrived in a reasonable amout of time and was still nice and hot!  So glad to have found this place.
We had the Bombay dinner set, which was good value for money. Couldn't finish all the food, had to get it take away and it lasted for another two meals. Food was ok for the price. The atmosphere was nothing special. I would try other spots before returning here.
This restaurant is the real deal, an authentic Indian restaurant from the rich spices to the Bollywood movies they play on their flat screens.I am not a big fan of Indian food, but a client wanted to visit Brooklyn and expressed a desire for Indian food. A friend, Indian food connoisseur recommended this place, so we went. It was exquisite!! Everyone was wonderful, friendly and the food was fresh and delicious! Will go back
Some of the best Indian cuisine in the city. Before coming here, I thought all Indian food tasted the same (a big mush of vegetables rice and spices), but these guys really transform the basic ingredients into something special. When you come, definitely get the 3-course option, and try the soup and appetizers. My favorite banana pakora ever. While you dine, extremely colorful choreographed Bollywood dancing on their big-screen tv will have you turning your head in amusement. The sound is muted of course, so you relax with the traditional Indian music in the background.
Very very very good.My favorite Indian food all Halal meat it means  the best quality in the market  friendly owners and staff I love it
There is quality entertainment here.  Non-stop dancing on the tv where everyone looks while they're eating. The tv is like a tv but very flat. I think of the food as Indian.  All the food is served in metal containers.  All of it is mushy. It has many flavors and you can't tell what it is. It is very tasty. There is flat pizza crust dough but it is not pizza it is bread in different ways. Also the people are nice and like to talk to you more than in other places.  Zufishan
The food is outstanding and the staff is very friendly.  The host was so nice to my children.  He gave them free ice cream.  Once I ordered take out and when I couldn't find parking they were nice enough to walk the food out to my car.  Bottom line,  if you want genuine Indian food,  then look no further this place is the best!
I must admit that I always order the same thing when I go here and I always get it to go, but I love their Chana Saag and I use the lentil soup as a starter for a big pot at home. The staff is always kind. It's a down home kind of vibe and that's fine with me because we're....well....at home.  It's close to my neighborhood. The prices are decent and I've fed my cousin while she was visiting and my boyfriend. They both love me more because I know where to go to get great Indian food in BK. Anyway, I'm there at least once a month and will be back after I finish my December purge/cleanse.
I went here with some former co-workers for an all you can eat Indian buffet. What a dreadful disappointment. The food was horrible, the service was twice as horrible, and the decor looks like it was ripped out of an interior design magazine from the 1970s.Nothing unique or special about this cuisine let down. Fortunately there are plenty of other Indian restaurants in this city...certainly ones that are way, way, way better.
Moved to 5 stars because it really is good affordable food and the waiters are just so dang affable.
Ordered a vegetarian thali and was a bit blown away - fresh, deliciously spiced, the dal was very creamy, the naan was fluffy - and the rice came with a cinnamon stick. One of the best Indian deliveries ever.
I'm so sad to be giving Bombay Masala one star. I live around the corner and have eaten here a few times, and it is always delicious, and the service has generally been great. Until earlier this week....I went to Bombay Masala on Saturday with some friends. The food was yummy, and I took home leftovers. The next day, I was eating my leftovers and bit down on a staple. That's right, there was a STAPLE in my food. Luckily it was at such an angle that it didn't hurt me, and I was fine. But still, there was a staple in my leftovers. Not cool. So I went back the next day to tell them what had happened, expecting some sympathy and maybe some free Indian food (hey, can you blame me?) but got neither. After I told them my story, the people working there literally stared at me for about 30 seconds, then one said "Oh, um, sorry." And that was it! I tried to help them out, saying something along the lines of "Yeah, just thought you guys might want to know, maybe don't put staples in your food from now on...." and trailed off, hoping for some sort of response - anything really. But all I got was the same guy who said "Yeah...sorry," before going back to staring at his computer screen. The other two men said/did nothing. Like I said, I really do like the food here, and I had thought that the service was good before. But I really feel strongly that they should have cared more about there being a staple in their food. I mean, behind a razorblade, a staple is pretty much the last thing you want to bite down on while casually trying to enjoy some leftovers.So the moral of the story here is: chew carefully when eating Bombay Masala, and don't expect much from the people working there.
I really like this place, for delivery or for dining out. I've been here on my own and with groups of three or four and the service is always pleasant, the food delicious. The last time I was there with a small group they kept asking us if we wanted more rice. We thought it was amusing, but of course it's also because they're correct: we weren't eating enough rice with the food. Indian food is meant to be eaten with rice.Similarly, folks who complain that the food here is "bland" are missing the part where Indian food served in America or England is spiced up beyond belief for Americans and English folks who want it SPICY HOT. Somehow I feel like Bombay Masala's food is more "authentic," whatever that means in these times.In any case, I'm a fan, and keep going back to Bombay Masala. I find it reliable, in my experience.
Bombay Masala is always on point! If you are looking for delicious and authentic Indian food, your search is over. The dining in service has always been fast, sincere, accommodating,  and helpful. My go to dish is the dildar chicken curry with naan and the helpings are huge! When my boyfriend and I get delivery we always share an order and have a little leftover. OR it would completely satisfy a large dude with a big appetite. You will definitely become a regular if you live in the area!
Great food, great service! The owner is very sweet and they have great vegetarian options. The stuffed naan is amazing. You even get a free dessert. It's a must try if you love Indian food. The prices are very affordable and you leave very satisfied.
One of the best restaurants in the 'hood. I've eaten in the restaurant and ordered takeout and have been consistently pleased with the food, value, and service. I've had many items on the menu and enjoyed them, but my absolute favorite is the chicken tikka masala. It's creamy and delicious, with chunks of tender chicken breast. I also love the samosas, and their vindaloo is quite nice, too. Bombay Masala offers "special dinners for two" which run somewhere around $30 and are a tremendous value. It's more food than two people can possibly eat. Takeout is speedy - my most recent order took no longer than 20 minutes and everything arrived steaming hot. I have nothing but good things to say about Bombay Masala, and look forward to my next meal here.
Horrible. I asked for the vindaloo to be extra spicy- their definition of that would be dumping curry powder in it. Worst Indian food I've had except for the basmati rice, which was good.
It's nice to finally have a good Indian joint in the hood.  Maybe I'm not looking hard enough but I've had trouble finding good Indian fare in Brooklyn...I think the last I've had Indian this good was in Seattle.Bombay whips up all the usual suspects but does it with the intense flavors and spices you should expect from a proper Indian establishment.Have ordered delivery twice thus far and have been blown away by their great over the phone service, quick delivery and good portions.Love the malaikofta and saag paneer.  Will definitely be coming back for more and more!
After an absolutely delightful surprise to see an Indian restaurant in the neighborhood, I went to try it out.   That was a few weeks ago.Since then, I've gone back once (with plans to go back again) and ordered take out once.Each time was just as good if not better than the last.  The best part of the experience is the server, who is the gentlest and nicest guy you'll ever see in waitstaff and management.  The food is nothing to scoff at however - the paneer appetizer was beyond heavenly, and the portions of the main course are impressive.I left with a takeout box of leftovers already anticipating eating it the next day.Having been through the Manhattan "Indian Rows" in midtown and downtown, and having sampled Indian restaurants from six different cities, I'd say Bombay Mosala has ranked amongst the top Indian restaurants I've eaten at thus far.Is it worth the trip?  Do you really need to ask at this point?
I don't know what all the hype is for this place.I ordered two entrees and two types of bread.For my main entrees I ordered a Jhal Frazie  and a Mushroom Curry. The Jhal Frazie was basically a bunch of vegetables lightly sauteed with one type of bland curry powder, they should call it "Indian Stir-Fry". The sauce was basically a light coating of grease in the container. It was not edible.The Mushroom Curry, was OK, but nothing to remember.Now on to the bread. I should have known better when they listed all of their breads as "roti". I choose poori and naan. Poori is supposed to be crispy and light, almost like a corn chip. The bread I was delivered was a fried doughy mess. Which means they just took their naan and fried it.The only thing Indian about this place is the bullshit line in menu under one of their chef specials  where they say " highly recommend by our celebrity customers".
THE BEST HANDS DOWN! We absolutely loooooove this place. I've tried Indian all over Brooklyn and it is honestly the best I've had since living in India. We recently moved out of the area and still make the trip when we get a craving. The menu is pretty standard, we personally love their soups and the chana saag. Sweet guys too, I hope they stay around forever!
I give the food 5 out of 10. The delivery men are very pushy and  mean.  I tried this restaurant twice and I will never order from them again.
Food was decent don't like the set up , when u walk in u wait for a table in front awkward ... Service was a bit slow ... If am in the neighborhood i ll go there but I wouldn't t go out of my way
Another great addition to the Brooklyn food scene.  I first visited Bombay Masala during Brooklyn's Restaurant Week, where dinner for 2 was offered at $25.  There was so much food, and all of it delicious.  Two appetizers, two soups, two main courses, fresh bread, and two desserts for two people for $25!!  And the other great thing is that the special was not that far off from their regular prices, which give you all of the above for $27 - 29.We ordered the Tandoori dinner and it was amazing.  As an appetizer we ordered the somosa and this fried banana.   Spot on (though when we went the second time around we ordered the meat somosa and it was extremely disappointing - very dry meat.  Stick to the potato). Then for the soups, we ordered mushroom soup and the mulagatawny, which were both a delightful orange color, smooth, creamy, and salty with a hint of cilantro to freshen it up.  For the main coure we had the chicken tikka masala and the mixed meat plate (can't recall the name, but it included chicken, beef, and shrimp).  We ended up dining family style (which is how I prefer to eat meals anyway) since there was so much food.  For dessert, we had the rice pudding, which is tiny but delightfully refreshing and the perfect way to end a heavy meal.The mango yogurt drink is also a must try - quite rich in texture, though for me it is slightly too sweet.  I tend to not like as much sweetness in my drinks, but I recognize I'm not normal in that regard.
Like the convenient location however the lamb biryani lacked taste. It was spicy as requested but where were the raisins, clove, ginger, nutmeg and other spices and ingredients? I'm sticking to Jackson heights.
The tikki is sneaky and the masala's half impala; enough of these WORD GAMESSSSSSSS.  The food's decent but don't order dessert.  Indians, just as the Mexicans, add sugar to bread and oil which is nothing more than an after dinner mucus pile.  Delivery is a friendly exchange of monies and thanks-yous but ordering over the phone is a great struggle for both parties.I had a neutral experience the time i ate at Bombay.  The Bollywood movie being played on the flat screen in the back of restaurant. was too loud but the food was plentiful and full of Indian sauces and lovely lusters.  And Bollywood sucks no matter what anyone says so don't give me shit!
"Bombay Masala, I'm afraid we have to break it up.  And yes, it's you."I've enjoyed their food for a couple years now, but their spotty delivery service totally undercuts their kitchen.  On several occasions my food has been delivered to wrong addresses, or arrived cold and inedible.  It doesn't matter how good the food is, if you can't rely on it arriving in a reasonable amount of time, it isn't worth it.
This is the best Indian food I've had in Brooklyn.  They even have Dumpuk, which is not too common to find.  It's basically something like a curry pot pie, and is absolutely amazing.  The spices form a complex, delicious melange that you can dip the poori-like "crust" into.  Order if you get the chance.I've come here a couple times with several people and tried a variety of other dishes, both veg and non-veg.  All were top-quality.  The service was always very good and very friendly.  I recommend it.
YES! Indian that delivers to Bed-Stuy!!! I've ordered a few times and told the whole block. The place is good/not great but the service is amazing and I can always make two meals with what they deliver. I'm not being picky with Indian in Bed-Stuy and I imagine the review would be lower if I did but beggars can't be choosers!SO happy to see it.  Now if Vietnamese could come here I'd be so freakin' happy.
You know, it really must just be me.  I go to give a place a terrible review and see that everyone loves it!  But, you know, there's no accounting for taste, or lack thereof.I can't speak to the service or ambience since I ordered delivery, but if you like Masala sauce that tastes like ketchup, overcooked, dense, bland naan, and rice with peas and carrots from a freezer mixed in this is your spot.If not, stay far, far away...
This place was preposterously awesome. The food was outta this world, the kind that makes you cross your eyes with gastronomic glee. (Heads up, though! Quite spicy!)Extremely reasonable price, great portion size, delicious delicious delicious.And also, the Bollywood music videos in the background were just glorious. Can't wait to go back!
The spices! The range of flavors! The bonuses! My bf and I had friends in town and took them here. We were treated like royalty. The four of us drank delicious wine for 6 bucks a glass. Yummy masala dishes mixed with yellow dal were scooped with garlic naan while we all cracked up over the bumpin Bollywood music. They deeeliver! It roxxx.
Joy is my favorite Indian in NYC . . . just a little overpriced in my opinion.
The vegetable samosa and poori were just fine.  The entrees were not.  The chicken biryani was bright yellow, with a slightly sulfurous smell, and the only thing I could taste was butter.  (this is supposed to a slightly spicy, aromatic, flavorful dish.)  The saag paneer was very oily/buttery, and had very little flavor.  The service was just fine, and the complimentary dessert was nice.  That being said, it was the least impressive Indian food experience I have ever had, or should I say, the only disappointing Indian food experience I have ever had.
If you have to choose between this place and any of the Park Slope Indian spots, definitely go with this one.The staff are way more personable than at that one on 7th ave, and much more affordable than at the 5th ave one...I am a Chana Masala person, because with that dish, I am never disappointed. However, here I venture out and order the Malai Kofta, which is really thoughtfully prepared.Really like these guys. Doesn't hurt that they often give free khir or mango ice cream at the end of your meal....
I went here with high hopes based on all the positive reviews here. I was disappointed.First of all, other reviewers write that this place is BYOB. It's not, at least not anymore; they serve wine and beer. We ordered a carafe of "house burgundy," but all they had left was 2 glasses of white, which we saw the waiter pour out of a Carlo Rossi jug.We started with the samosas, which were OK, but somewhat bland and unremarkable. Influenced by the reviews here, we ordered saag paneer and chicken tikka masala for our entrees. If that's the best chicken tikka masala you've ever had, you've probably never had it before. The chicken was dry and the sauce bland. The saag paneer was awful. It looked and tasted like American creamed spinach, in a bad way: sweet, creamy, and bland. The paneer did have a slight golden coating, but the texture was not that of a good paneer. These two dishes were among the worst Indian food we'd ever had.The high points of the meal were the garlic naan and complimentary kheer for dessert. The garlic naan was fluffy and garlicky. Other breads we saw the waiters bringing out looked really good as well. The friendly and attentive service was another high point. Unfortunately we were seated at the larger round table in the back next to the TV, wine cooler, and cash register. Between the subwoofer pumping Indian pop and guy taking phone orders, it was not a pleasant place to sit. That was the only table with those issues though, so I won't hold that against them. If you go, try to avoid sitting there.
According to my friend and local, this is the ONLY good Indian place in all of Brooklyn. I'll just have to take her word on that, but she was definitely right about how good it was. There are options for vegetarians and meat eaters alike!We split the vegetarian dinner for two which easily fed the three of us with left overs. $26.95 gets you two appetizers, two soups, two mains, naan, and dessert. What a bargin! We started with the samosas (I've been craving them something fierce) and vegetable pakoras. Then the owner brought all of us some complimentary soup (I think it was just a veggie soup) which was okay but in no way compared to the Mulligatawny- so yummy! For our entrees we had the Alu Motir Gobi (potatoes, cauliflower, and peas) and the Chana Ponir (homemade cheese and peas) with a lot of garlic naan. For desert, the owner brought us all some rose infused rice pudding. I could have kissed him it was so good!I cannot wait to go back next time I'm in town!
I was torn between giving this place 2 or 3 stars. I had the chicken masala for lunch. It was only okay minus the extra grease. I used to say they had the best Indian food in park slope but I don't think its that much better then India palace. It's definitely way more expensive. I'm heading to India Palace next time.
Good god! Some of the best Indian food I've had in a long time!And the portions are HUGE!!My gf and I went to this place after kind of aimlessly walking for a bit, and boy were we pleasantly surprised!!We ordered the Vegetarian Special Dinner for 2 @ $27 total, and we had SO MUCH leftovers.We got two soups, two appetizers, two entrees and two desserts!!Oh and it came with naan and rice too!!Shaag Ponir = AMAZING.The samosas and veggie pakoras were to die for.The soup's we're okay, a little odd, but it didn't even matter.Such good service, such good atmosphere and they played weird indian movies on the TV.I LOVE IT.I live a bit farther away now, but soon I will make my way back and eat up indian style once again...
Taste was okay, but the music/TV were so loud! I got the Joy Special Dinner for two for around 36 dollars.  It was plenty of food for 2 ppl. He gave us tea for free which was nice of him. Don't get the chaat for appetizers. Not good.  The chicken tikka masala was sweet tasting, but good. Na'an bread was ok.  I guess in Park Slope, Indian food isn't so great.
Ordered from here last night based on recommendations from Yelp.The food arrived quickly and was hot.I got the vegetarian for 2 - malai kofta, shaag paneer, 2 appetizers, paratha, soup and rice pudding dessert. Everything was delicious.  I could have kept eating and eating. This will definitely be my go-to place (even though there is Indian across the street).
I've had a lot of really good Indian food in this neighborhood. Or at least I thought I did until I ate at Bombay Masala.The non-adventurous side of me always orders chicken tikka masala, naan, and samosas. Bombay Masala's version of these dishes beat all of its nearby competitors by a mile. The sauce was sooo creamy and a little bit spicy. The chicken was cooked perfectly (not too dry, which other places have a tendency of doing). I mixed it up a little bit and ordered coconut samosas - absolutely delicious.I will never, ever go to another Indian place. Hands down the best I've ever had.
Really enjoyed the food and atmosphere here. I had lamb tikka masala that was pretty tasty and my friend had a mixed vegetable appetizer that was delicious. The inside was really clean and decorated nicely. There was a large TV on one wall playing indian music videos which added a lot to the atmosphere. Most of the tables are along one wall with a booth and there were pillows on the booths which was a nice touch. Really enjoyed the experience except that it took a very long time to get the check and we had to ask twice. Would definitely go there again.
Now it might just be that it's springy outside and I hopped on my bike to enjoy the weather and thought i'd swing by an Indian place on Vanderbilt, near work...well they were closed.  Now I was all set on the idea of having Indian for lunch so I continued on my bike down Vanderbilt, to Dean to Franklin remembering vaguely that i had seen an Indian place somewhere along Franklin.  I was very happy to find that Bombay Masala was not a figment of my imagination and that they were open for lunch.  I placed my take out order and sat at a table to wait.  There was no one in the restaurant but there were about 4 older gentlemen hopping on bicycles to make deliveries.  When I got back to work and opened up the bag I was so pleasantly surprised.  I ordered a plain naan and saag paneer. They are large servings and they even included the chutneys in little individual packages.  As someone else stated, the saag is a little on the sweet side but it's really quite good AND they sure don't skimp on the paneer, yummy! So maybe it was that I was finally able to use my lunch break for a lovely little ride around Brooklyn...or maybe it's that it was just such a lovely lunch but whatever it was, I am happy.
My food was bland. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't in any way memorable.But I live just a handful of blocks away, so I'll probably be back. Maybe I just tried this place on an off-night; I'll give 'em another chance.
I am Indo-American and am very picky about Indian food whenever I have it outside the home. I have been disappointed by Indian food in this city for years, but when I finally tried this place out, I was surprised to discover that is truly the best I've had in New York.Mohammed is charming and he and his staff are extremely efficient  - food is served promptly and piping hot. Met the chef as well - ingredients are fresh and prep is clean -clearly evident in the taste. The spicing is the real-deal and most importantly, the dishes are not greasy which is a plus for anyone with a sensitive stomach (just ask my Irish husband). Great service, delicious food (we've been adventurous and have never been disappointed), varied menu, hefty portions, eye-candy Bollywood on the big-screen, and very reasonably priced. Can't ask for more. Go...now.
Pro: Best saag I have ever had in my 27 years on planet Earth.Con: For the amount of time we waited for delivery, I could have traveled to New Delhi and experienced the real deal.
EDIT: 5/3/08.  They are really shady with the pricing for delivery here. Some days the tax is randomly added, some days the price charged is more than what is stated on the menu, today they charged me $2 for rice that was supposed to come with my food. Ugh..I have decided not to order from here anymore on principle. Unfortunately, this is the only  edible game in town that will deliver to me (for indian). :(This is my go-to place for indian in the area.  Lately, the food has really slipped. In the past few days I have experienced a way too sweet (and unnaturally fluorescent red-orange) paneer makhani, and also a flat crunchy poori (supposed to be large and fluffy).   Even the chana that accompanied the poori were not as  spicy and flavorful as usual. I did like that they put in some bell peppers - it something different that helped make it pop a bit. I found myself picking out the peppers and eating them before the rest. Unfortunately, even with this downward spiral (two deliveries in a row), joy is still one of the best indian restaurants in the area. I like that they deliver to me in boerum hill (even though joy  is in the slope). I haven't had it lately, but I loved the chicken madras. Very spicy, and i daresay comparable to mom's. Also recommended is Dumpakht . For eat in, its pretty basic, byo, and no corkage fee.
Consistently good food and reasonably priced.   No complaints here!
Bombay Masala is great. The food is very consistent (if not 100% all to my taste), the service is amazing and they take credit cards for delivery. What's not too like?
This is our go-to delivery place from seamless. The lunch specials are a great deal, and the Bombay Dinner Special gives you a ton of food. They have a pretty wide delivery area, too. The food is delicious and the staff is so nice.They almost always forget to include the soda I order, but on more than one occasion the delivery man has shown up an hour later with a diet coke, even if I don't say anything. Once when I called to see if they could just take it off my bill because it was cold out and I didn't want the guy to have to come back, the man on the phone said they couldn't do that but they would "owe me one next time".  That worked for me. The guy showed up with a diet coke an hour later anyway. They are SO NICE.
Super delicious, reasonably priced, and very fast delivery. The food runs spicy, though - even dishes like saag mushrooms that aren't usually thought of as hot - so make sure to ask for yours mild.
This is my go-to for going out to eat in my neighborhood because the food always hits the spot, the place is not bourgie like most of the other places on Franklin Ave, and they always have exciting Bollywood music videos playing loud. Also, I like how the guys working there always seem to have their friends there hanging out and eating.
This is the second time wifey and I have visited Bombay Masala. The restaurant itself looks pretty dirty and the decor is quite ramshackle. The waiter was very nice and seated us immediately. The little trio of sauces to dip the free craker-like bread (papadum) were very nice and the papadum itself was a bit thin but not oily which is good. It took quite a long time for our dishes to start coming out of the kitchen. Wifey thought that's proof they were making everything fresh, but from my perspective it was too long even for that. Where's my food? The Banana Pakora appetizer was tasty, large portion, but a bit on the greasy side and the better half wasn't into them. This was this first time in a while we have ordered a Mango Lassi and I'm sorry to say that it was a bit disappointing. There was ice which I think kind of waters it down, reduces the amount of lassi plus it wasn't as thick as other lassis I've had in the past. The Naan was ok but not very puffy with air (but less greasy than others). Wifey and I shared an order of Saag Panner and Malai Kofta. The Saag Paneer had a TON of spinach which is both good and bad. Most places fail to include enough spinach and include too much sauce. On this occasion, I think it could have used a more sauce (and more cheese cubes). The dish was almost like they took a package of frozen spinach, heated it up and put it in a serving dish. Also, it could have used more seasoning/heat. Don't get me wrong, it was pretty good, just could be better. I thought the Malai Kofta was awesome, but wifey didn't like it so much. The wait staff was very attentive and at the end of the meal they bring out a small portion of rice pudding with some almond slivers, yum! The biggest negative was that both times we have been here, like clockwork about 20-30 minutes after we were done with our meal and on the way home, some intestinal difficulties arose. They seem to have an "A" rating but like I said before this place doesn't seem super clean so maybe that's an indicator of the kitchen. I'm on the border of giving this review a 2.5, but I'm not sure. Probably will try to go elsewhere in the future.
The best Indian delivery in Brooklyn. The food gets here quickly so it is always nice and hot. They also give nicely sized portions. I can typically make three meals out of one serving.I have never actually been inside of the restaurant so I can only comment on the take-out aspect of it. In that category, it is definitely worth the 5 stars.
Amazingly good food meets convenience, courtesy, and cost-effectiveness.  That's right . . . it's so good I broke into alliteration.  My husband is a huge fan of Indian food.  So, after spending two weeks apart, I decided to spring for dinner.  Having walked by the restaurant on many occasions, I decided that it was time to try it.To our delight, for less than $40 total (which includes tax + a generous tip) we enjoyed mulligatawny soup, palaka (spinach) soup, mixed veg pakora, naan, veg samosas, aloo gobi, saag paneer, tamarind chutney, mint chutney, tomato chutney, lovely basmati, a plain lassi, a mango lassi, gulab, and rasmalai.  There was so much food, we had it for lunch the next day as well.Please, I urge you to enjoy the best Indian food in Brooklyn!
I went here on recommendation from my boss (so of course I wasn't going to knock the place down!) after an afternoon in Prospect Park with my roomie.The restaurant was completely empty, probably around 5pm on a weeknight, that awkward time between second lunch and 9pm dinner. Having the place to ourselves was slightly unsettling, particuarly with the loud Bollywood videos blasting on the TV's around.  However we were quickly served with menu's and given great service.The food is quality - I never would have thought Crown Heights to have great Indian! We were initially served an appetizer of crisps with various sauces (some spicy, some sweet, all good!). I ordered essentially Indian Pot Pie (curry baked in a dish with a breaded top..the name is escaping me!) and my roomie had the biriyani. GREAT quality food, huge portions, and the naan tasted fresh and warm.Dinner ended with free small cups of custard, a sweet gesture.Overall I enjoyed the place, perhaps because it was so empty that it felt somewhat cold and unwelcoming. The food was great, a little expensive but I had leftovers for lunch the next day. A good place to drop by.
OK, so it's rare that I am pleased with a restaurant when they screw up my order, but Bombay Masala is pretty much the best Indian fare I've had in Brooklyn since moving here two years ago, and I was still was stoked after my MAJOR order mix-up. After doing some Yelp research on the best Indian in the area surrounding my 'hood, Bombay Masala was the definite favorite and my interest was piqued. I wasn't sure if they'd deliver to my nabe--which is Fort Greene--but the peeps at Bombay Masala, who are located in Prospect Heights, made the journey to our apartment, which is a total added plus in my book.I ordered the dinner for two for me and my boo--which is an incredible deal I might add. You get two Tandoori entrees, two aps, soup, and naan for a measly thirty bones. Although we ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala we received Lamb Tikka Masala, something that neither of us can eat. Instead of tossing the meal, we ate what we could and thoroughly enjoyed all of the food. I will most definitely be ordering from this joint again--hopefully next time they'll get my order right.
I only write reviews if a place strikes me as god awful or effing fantastic.  Bombay Masala falls into the latter category.  A friend of mine from Wisconsin was visiting for the night and I wanted to wow him with Brooklyn's Indian fare (Indian in Wisconsin, if you can imagine, is pretty low on the wow scale).  We placed an order for takeout, two dinners totaling around 20$ plus tip.On our way to pick up we were caught in one of those flash apocalyptic rain showers that only catch you when you're at your weakest (starving, wearing long pants, no umbrella, at least half a mile form your destination...) and we we re both completely soaked upon arrival.The second we walked in the door, Bombay Masala's team handed us paper towels, napkins, anything they had to help us dry off and then seated us at a front table to eat rather than sending us back into the storm.  We got the full five star treatment even though we'd already paid and tipped for our meal via the online takeout menu.  Our food was creamy, delicious, beautiful, everything my Wisconsin friend and I could want.  Portions are perfect and if you take advantage of your unlimited rice, you can def squeeze a second meal out of it.  Worth every penny.  The staff is adorable.
Let me first say that I've never had a bad meal here. The service is good and the place is clean. Veg samosas are really tasty. Naan is doughy with just a bit of fluffiness. It's all so good. I have leftovers from last night's dinner with me today, that's  how good it is. Oh yeah,and did I mention it's pretty cheap?
This place is fantastic! The interior has some annoying lighting so weather permitting I would recommend sitting outside especially if Indian music videos aren't your thing.The service is superb.  I brought a group of about 6 or 8 friends here the other weekend and they were so happy to see us there that they treated us to a delicious Mango Lassi!!! It was so sweet and creamy and a perfect complement to my dinner.  I gave this place a five star rating solely on the food.  I've had a few dishes here including Chicken Tikka Masala (rich, creamy, and tender chicken!),  Shaag Ponir, and Chana Curry beef (beef was a little fatty I would stick with chicken).Overall I truly enjoy this restaurant and would recommend everyone to try it either on Franklin Avenue or by take out!!!!! Support your local business, especially when the food is as good as Bombay Masala's!
I have to modify my prior review. Over the past year they must have changed chefs because we have tried every which way to rediscover what we loved about this restaurant in the past and failed. We only order  delivery from here.   Three times we tried our old favorites, but they were always significantly off. The meat seemingly boiled tough in water and covered with a sauce.  The shrimp malai recipe changed each time, ranging from thick and gunky to thin and watery.  Tonight we decided to try mostly new fare and the sauces were bland or really artificial looking. We ordered two orders of meat samosas which seem to be made of chicken instead of lamb or beef and one order of vegetable samosa which used to be potatoes with vegetables. Frankly, all of them seemed to be made from dry chicken dust and peas. Bland food at an expensive price.
Service always excellent. The food is phenomenal, and they always give you free dessert and are super great people.
before I get into this review, let me preface by saying the food was amazing. Good, got that out of the way.Service was...HORRENDOUS. We were ignored when walked in the door, sat down, when we put down the menus, got our food, when we were waiting for the check - you get the idea. Service was...shit, I already said it was bad. Yeah, it was bad. There was one nice dude, but the rest of the family can go suck my samosa.
Hands down best takeout and best Indian in Prospect Heights. Every single dish is amazing. Program their number in your iPhone now.
I haven't eaten at the restaurant itself, but have ordered take-out several times.  The Bombay Special Dinners for Two are a really great deal.  For about $30 you get 2 pints of soup (the Palaka is the best), two appetizers (samosa, pakora, etc), two entrees, and two desserts.  You will not be hungry after this meal!  The food is all pretty good, but I am not a fan of the desserts...it might just be my personal tastes.  Of all the desserts, the Firni rice pudding is my favorite.The food always comes on time and piping hot.
Have to give this review based on how they treated me the last time I ordered. Placed an online order, called back 45 minutes later to check on the status. Was told it was leaving soon and not to worry. After another 30 minutes, i called to check again. Finally I decided to cancel the order. Of course, after another while (2 hours since initial order), the delivery guy shows up with some cold ass Indian food. I told the guy that I had already cancelled my order and ordered from somewhere else, but I would tip him for the trouble--maybe it's not his fault, right? So I take the food upstairs thinking that at least I got some leftovers for later and I'm damn sure not gonna pay for two meals tonight. Then I get a call from an irate manager at Bombay Masala, telling him that I owed him for his food and that's "not how things work at Bombay Masala," basically calling me a scumbag for taking his food. Am I a scumbag for this? I think they could have handled their customer service a lot better from the start and taken the loss on a couple of chicken tandooris. Not that mad the food was so late, but more mad about the treatment I got in return.
Definitely my husband's and my go-to place for Indian delivery every time. The Park Slope area has had its share of mediocre Indian places pop up around the neighborhood and eventually disappear, but Joy is reliably high-quality every time, and their delivery is FAST.
The most flavorful chicken tikka masala. Some servers are better than others, but the free ice cream at the end of the meal makes it worth it.
I live across the street from Bombay Masala and I think this place is fantastic. First of all, the interior reminds me of what I could imagine a Indian Disco Restaurant would look like. Huge Chandeliers, black lights, and Bollywood on the screens adds a certain ambiance that I've never seen before.The service is impeccable and they are really on top of everything. There is an absolutely charming backyard patio that can only be reached going through the (very clean) kitchen. I highly recommend this place!
I have yet to find an amazing Indian, but this is the best so far. I got take out from here. Ordered the usual Chickecn Korma, it was tasty but lacked flavour I felt.Naan was not that great. But if you want something nice and cosy I would say go for it
Always delicious. We've been to this restaurant many a times and have never been disappointed. The staff is always courteous & friendly, while being un-intrusive. And even when we decide to try something new and unfamiliar, our expectations are exceeded. Definitely get the Mango Lassi with your meal, it is delicious!
It was just perfect. Best indian food i ever tried. We'll definitly come back and try some other stuff. The currys are so delicious and also The starters were wonderful.For dessert we got free rice pudding - so lovely! Thank you for such a nice evening.
I've ordered delivery from this place about 4 times. So far, they've been able to get my order delivered in under an hour. Their food always arrives hot, delicious and filling. They give a full pint of your entree plus about the same amount of rice. Some places give papadum for free, but this place charges $1.50. It's still worth it. It's 4 pieces. I'd give their delivery 5 stars. Today was the first day I went into the restaurant with 2 friends. We ordered 2 appetizers, 2 sides and 3 entrées. One of my friends ordered a lassi. Everybody seriously enjoyed the food. The lassi was not so great. My friend accidentally forgot to tell them not to add salt so she ordered a second one without it. She was willing to pay for it, but they took the first one off the bill. This would've been great, but the second lassi was tasteless, watered down and undrinkable. We have a feeling our waiter did not understand what she wanted.  I have to admit, the service was not as good as I had hoped.  Our water glasses were dry for most of the meal and 2 of our side dishes came out mid meal. We were the only people who were dining in the restaurant. Two other people came in for a pick up and they were doing a lot of delivery. There was a TV on in the back of the restaurant that played Indian music videos. Initially, the sound was low and didn't bug us, but halfway through our meal, the volume got turned up really loud and we were basically yelling over it.  Since I would rate their restaurant experience 3 stars, I decided to take my average and give them 4 in total.  I'm being nice. I think next time, I'll stay in and eat on the couch.
First time here, and huge Indian food fan! The food is fine. The atmosphere is fine. But what really earns these stars is the owner! Very accommodating, kind-hearted and friendly. He and his waiter handled a last-minute large party deftly, without neglecting me (a lone diner), as would often happen when a large party tumbles into a small restaurant unannounced. Great experience, I wished I lived closer.
This might be the best Indian food in the city. I've ordered delivery and eaten in the restaurant. The delivery is not the cheapest in the neighborhood but it's fast and the portion is decent. When I want food that's comforting, yummy, and won't make me feel fat, this is what I order. I dined in during the afternoon and the restaurant was empty except for us, but you shouldn't let that stop you. The service was great, and the dine in portions are a little bigger than the delivery. I had the Chicken Malai, which is an amazing, light curry with coconut flakes in it. He had Vindaloo, which was also a hit and contrasted my dish nicely. The lassi was also very good. They gave us a small free dessert with the check, which seems to be standard for Indian in this neighborhood, as well as something I can only describe as kind of like extremely flavorful Nerds candies. It was a great experience and we'll definitely be back. I've also tried the tikki masala and it's the most interesting masala I've ever had. It has a sweet flavor to it that's surprising and tasty.
This used to be my favorite Indian restaurant in Brooklyn. Not anymore! Very rude customer service and the food quality has also decreased. They've lost me as a customer. I will take a trip to Manhattan next time I want some Indian food!
Holy smokes. This quiet little Indian has some of the most -astonishingly fresh tasting curry dishes I've had (and Ive had many many). The Madras Lamb dish was intensely flavorful. It was like the tomatoes were plucked off the vine just before. My girlfriend had the Channa Chicken and the Dal Masala. Both were very fresh, well spiced and tastey.Bollywood ballads being played softly and the friendly folks made us feel well at home. We had a big Kingfisher beer to split, which was a good choice.
The karaoke deco and emptiness made me hesitated at first but the food was beyond what I expected. Lots of people order takeouts. Servers were very unprofessional, didn't know anything to recommend, but thankfully the food was delicious. Will come here again if I just expect good Indian food next time.
My husband and I were looking for takeout but decided to sit in and eat when we walked in. Everything from start to finish tasted Awesome! Mango lasse, samosas, channa chat, both entrees were on point with taste! DEFINITELY give it a try!
You know the way you get lazy and only order from places that are on Seamless. Yeah, we're those people. When a platform changes your habits (and makes things easier) you know they're on to something. But enough about Seamless.I've lived in Carroll Gardens for almost 18 years and seen the neighborhood grow up (and blow up) around me. Mostly for the better, but not always. For what is probably the last decade we've grown accustomed to our favorite places for delivery. As seamless became the "way to order delivery" (and we gained a drawer in the kitchen back by saying goodbye to takeout menus) we saw most of our restaurants join on and kept us coming back even more easily. In fact, we figured if we couldn't order online we'd try someone else that was to experiment and support our automation economy. When Joy wasn't initially on board with Seamless we thought there had to be other Indian restaurants that were great, right? Boy were we WRONG. Dead wrong.We found out the hard way. We went through the list, checked some reviews, opted for some 20% off coupons and ATTEMPTED to replicate our Joy Indian quality since they weren't on seamless. It wasn't pretty. Even one place was so bad we had to order from a totally different restaurant and throw out what they sent. We learned our lesson. You CAN NOT beat Joy for delivery Indian food in Carroll Gardens (or any 2 mile radius of Flatbush). Fast forward less than a year and Joy got on seamless. This made our ordering easy again (woohoo). Then of course we decided to move half a mile away as our family grew (still in Carroll Gardens). Would you believe that this actually put us out of delivery zone!! Did we need to order to our old address and then change it to try and "trick" the system (Seinfeld anyone)? How could we live without our Joy Indian??When we called Joy (yes, with a phone) these guys were SUPER accommodating.  They knew we had been long time customers and were happy to deliver to our new home. I'm pretty sure their delivery people come by bike - so it's not always easy especially in the winter or rain, but they were pleased to keep us satisfied. We of course couldn't have been happier. Yes, their food is that good. Amazing in fact. We are typically creatures of habit and get Mulligatawny (2 of them at least!), Poori Bhaji (which we just stumbled up while being adventurous), Coconut samosa (if we're deserving a treat), Chicken Curry, Chicken Byrani and a garlic naan. The spice is just perfect - giving you a slight forehead sweat. The meats are always fresh and a good amount that can easily serve as a great leftover should you eat human sized portions. Only 1 time did we feel the food was different and not as yummy - we wondered if it were a different chef or recipe. We called them up and asked them (it hadn't changed) but were very apologetic. Not only did they make us another order which arrived in 20 minutes, they insisted on giving us our next order on them as a way of saying sorry for the error. They just go above and beyond to make sure you are satisfied.Bottom line is we've had relatives and friends that left the neighborhood for suburbia and when they come over to visit ALWAYS want to get Joy Indian. If you want reasonably priced, top quality, consistent, quickly delivered and conscientious and courteous management you've found your go to spot. Yes, they are one of only 2 places worth picking up the phone.
Long time customer. Poorly treated. I dunno, so what really matters? I like that they make vindaloo and not ketchup sauce. Their "Chef special" vegetarian dish is worthy of the "celebrity endorsement"status. But... they hung up on me with the same condescending tone i've seen bankers use on Tech Support in Mumbai. "You're order {which was sent electronically over an hour ago] is on the way "CLUNK". F. you. I get that you're busy (yay, money!), and I get that you have an ego Mr whomever and you don't like being asked "where's my food" on a busy night, but in a world where customer service matters, if you lose the long term client one by one, you're left with "SPACE FOR RENT"on your door.
DO NOT NOT NOT ORDER FROM THIS PLACE. THEY DO NOT DESERVE TO STAY IN BUSINESS AND SHOULD TAKE A COURSE IN CUSTOMER SERVICE. In about 20 years of my adult life and ordering food, these have got to be the most obnoxious people who didn't care they sent the wrong order, didn't care it was 1 hour late, proceeded to accuse me ordering the wrong dish after they admitted they sent the wrong thing by mistake and then refused to apologize and refund me. STAY AWAY.
I stumbled upon this place & I was so pleased ! Everything is seasoned well, it's decorated lovely & the staff is very polite but not over bearing. I've passed this place so many times & after eating there yesterday , I'm kicking myself for it ! It was sooooo good
We came in at 11:15pm and they assured us  that it wasn't too late for a sit down meal. We were willing to go somewhere else if that was the case. We have been coming here every week for about 6 months, and usually we don't have problems but after tonight's experience, I have to say we will never return. We have a tendency to order the same meal every week and they know our orders by heart, this time served our appetizers and promptly shut the kitchen down and the chefs began to leave. After we explained that we don't get what we ordered they apologized and brought us our check. We feel that they did this to rush us out. We will never be eating there again.
This review is for delivery only:Curries have been amazing. Naan is yum. Super big portions, always hot, and fast and friendly delivery service. It's great that they delivery to Clinton Hill because this is our go to Indian spot.
Great food, great customer service. Food is always well seasoned, hot, and fresh. My favorite Indian restaurant in Brooklyn
I am SO angry. We ordered tonight and I called after waiting an hour to check in, got rudely responded to that my food was on way. Then, half hour later, still no food AND they didn't respond to the phone calls by me OR the food ordering website I used online. I've always liked their food in the past but this was unacceptable and I would WAY rather support other Indian restaurants.Did I mention I live super close, too -- so the delivery should not have even taken nearly as long?Vote with your wallet and support a business that has better customer service. I see other reviewers have noted the same and I wish I had read these reviews first.
Joy is easily my favorite Indian restaurant in the neighborhood! The service is always wonderful, the food comforting, tasty, and plentiful, and they frequently offer a little extra dessert even when I haven't ordered it. Always an exceptional experience, especially when I'm looking for a good place to wind down and enjoy my food in peace.
This is probably the worst Indian food we had. We ordered a chicken curry and daal and both were too spicy. The chicken was not fresh at all. Had a very bad experience.
This place is awesome. The food was great. Didn't have too much of a complaint about swift service just one person at my table had too wait a bit longer for her food. But she was still happy.
Everytime Ive been here its been a wonderful experience.   The delivery service is also on point.   The food....Absolutely delicious.  Even though its inexpensive, its not cheap on quality and/or taste!
This is the only good Indian restaurant in Brooklyn.Well, I admit, I have not tried them all, but I have tried quite a few.  For a point I just gave up, after having one mediocre meal after another at the usual suspects, especially after having such great Indian food in so many other cities (Philly, I'm thinking of you).   But, I was encouraged by all the positive reviews on here, so I gave it a shot.  And now, I'm writing my first Yelp review because of it.   Let me say, I will be coming back very often.Though we did not get perhaps the most "authentic" dishes (not a fetish I always care to indulge, my fellow White People), everything was fresh and perfectly executed.  The naan, stuffed and non, had just the right texture and taste.  The chicken tikki masala was creamy (NOT oily) and delicious.  The saag paneer was excellently spiced and hearty; perfect on a cold night.  Downed them all with a tasty mango lassi, and some delicious gulab jamon to finish.And the service -- excellent.  As many others have said, the staff is incredibly gracious and accommodating.  Furthermore, they appear genuinely happy!  It's sad that we live in a city where this is a remarkable trait, but it's true!  The decor is also quite excellent and unexpected (the chandeliers, the candles, the HDTV with the bollywood videos) considering the locale.Regarding locale, the surrounding area can be a bit shady, depending on which direction you're coming from.  But it's absolutely worth the trip.  And also, they deliver pretty far away (Clinton Hill!), so you can always have them come to you.  But make the trip at least once to see what myself and everyone else is talking about.
I went a few weeks back with my girlfriend and a friend and we had an amazing experience. They sat us in a nice outdoor patio, were very attentive and served us quickly. Overall, EXCEPTIONAL customer service. I appreciated the variety of vegetarian options as well.The prices were excellent (vegetarian appetizers range from $1.50 to $4 - and they are enough for 3 ppl!). The Ponir Pakora appetizer was great and the Chef's Special Vegetable Delight (which, according to the menu is highly recommended by their celebrity customers...LOL) was very good too. The food was solid - not knocks your socks off amazing - but very good Indian food. They topped off our great dining experience with a complimentary desert - a very delicious rice pudding.  I will DEFINITELY be coming here again. =)
Ate in.  Had the veg thali - good portions but I don't think anyone who knows Indian food could like the bland food in this place.    Their food lacks any inspiration or art - each dish seemed to be seasoned in exactly the same manner.
This is the real deal. Simply put: great and plentiful food topped with excellent service! As I walked in to Bombay Masala, I felt like a true guest in their restaurant. Seconds after being seated, a glass of water was poured for me, and the pitcher of water was purposely left for me on the table. After, a crispy and flavorful bread along with three sauces were brought to the table, I was able to order the Chicken Tikka Masala with Naan and a great-tasting Taj Mahal Beer (4.5%). Wow... just wow... an  amazing selection. To be honest, the naan wasn't anything extraordinary, but it was fluffy and complemented the dish and rice quite well. Needless to say my stomach was full, but Bombay Masala just would not stop. A small saffron-custard dessert was pronounced after the main course, and when the bill came, both an american mint and a traditional Indian breath refresher (sorry for the ignorance) were brought to bid farewell.Overall, I think I had about 3-4 different people check on me during the meal. This is definitely a restaurant worth checking out!
Ate here today for second time , this time was better then the first . The service was outstanding , the server wore gloves, wiped off the plates before setting them down , really clean place. We started with vegetable and coconut samosa , the coconut samosa was excellent ! Next I had lamb biriyani , lamb sauteed in herbs and spices served with special basmati rice with almond and raisins , I tried to finish it but it was too much food , very tasty , a must try . Date had the vegetable biriyani , equally as good , she couldn't finish but took home the leftovers . A side of perfectly cooked nan bread topped off this delicious meal. Total cost $32 w/o tip worth the trip to Brooklyn for this restaurant
I have only ordered via phone take out 3 times and I absolutely LOVE their food and GREAT service! The shrimp biriyani is so incredible and their hot appetizers are always great. I recently placed an order for me & a  friend and had the Fish Tandoori (my special fav) which is 2 pieces of fresh salmon in their tandoori masala they cook in a clay oven and had sauteed spinach on the side. I also tried the Mushroom Saag which is mushrooms & spinach cooked in a spicy flavored sauce. I will go finally go to the restaurant next week w a few friends and see how the service/experience is there. Also, the persons taking the orders on the phones are so delightful and their delivery arrives within 25 minutes.
Great neighborhood spot with super friendly staff and delicious food.
I was wandering up Flatbush looking for something different to eat for lunch when I happened up on this Restaurant.Oh what JOY, looked at the take out menu, but decided I had enough time to go in and sit down.I got one of the Lunch specials, Curry Chicken, balsamic rice, and purri bread and added Spice tea.All was so good, I tried to eat as much as I could fit into my stomach.I had half wrapped up for supper.  They gave me a complementary bowl of rice pudding that was spicy (not hot), and so good.  It was music to my taste buds.I will surely eat here again.  I took a few takeout menus to give out in my office.  They do deliver, OH JOY.I ordered a Roti with almonds, coconut and raisins to take home.  It also was very sweet and good.This restaurant gave me such JOY this afternoon.The wait staff was so pleasant and kind, I could have kissed them all.So if you are in the area, it is on Flatbush, btn. Prospect Pl & St. Mark Ave., go in sit down and enjoy a treat for your taste buds.
$30 for a four course meal for two people? Yes Please!! This is better than a Groupon!Everytime I have come here I have ordered the 2-person vegetarian special which comes with, two soups, two appetizers, two entrees, rice, nan and a dessert for $30.Each course is large and wonderful. The soups are perfectly spiced and are a great start to the meal, and they are followed by wonderful appetizers. I love the simosas or the banana dumpling things, so delicious!The entrees are equally are good, I highly recommend the saag paneer or any curry dish. The serving sizes are just right and the food is tasty. I usually have enough for lunch the next day also!I also just love the indian music videos playing. they are hilarious.My only complaint about this place is that DO NOT, whatever you do, DO NOT order delivery! I did (and I was not that far) and they told me it would be a half hour wait. you could walk backwards from the restaurant to the place i was getting it delivered to in less than 30 minutes, so an hour later, when I was starving and still waiting, i called back and they said their deliver guy left 20 minutes ago and should arrive any second. 20 minutes later I called to cancel the order because I could not wait any longer. The person at the restaurant got angry that I was canceling the order and was a bit unpleasant.However, ten minutes after that, I get a call saying the food is outside. By that time, I had already stuffed my face with something else and told the delivery man to go back and I did not want to get charged. (i didnt, thankfully.)Funny though, if the delivery man had a phone to call me when I arrived, why couldnt the restaurant call their delivery man when I canceled the order?So great food, but eat there or pick it up yourself.
Ate here for the first time last week, and loved everything we ordered. The best Indian food I've had in a while. Highlights: sag paneer was the best I've ever had!  The appetizers were tasty and fresh, and didn't seem like they were sitting there forever (as I've had at other restaurants.) Very friendly and helpful staff, who accurately described a lot of the dishes to a family member who had never eaten Indian food before.
I've had delivery twice.  Today's delivery confirmed what I thought after the first time... decent Indian food that delivers!  I had chicken vindoloo the first time and this time it was tandoori chicken-both were much better than I expected.  If you live near this place it's certainly worth a try.
Found this place on yelp, tried it out once, and had a fantastic experience.  It was shocking how empty it was at dinner time considering-  the prices are completely reasonable for such outstanding food, and we got little dessert cookies for free.  The best Indian I've had in the city.
This is the best dine-in Indian experience I've had. EVER. The food was amazing, plentiful, and cheap. Meals come with sorbet dessert! Service was awesome. I usually don't get samosas because they seem more good-bec-their-fried than anything else, but samosas at Joy were UNREAL delicious - fresh, hot, flakey!
Really excellent quality Indian food. 4 stars instead of 5 because it IS a bit pricey. I usually pay under 10 for Indian. But, you can find some cheap dishes. For what you get, it's delicious. The Sag Paneer is my favorite here because it's FILLED with Paneer. They are NOT skimpy. It's also pretty cheap, like 8 bucks. I usually just stick with that. Once I got a salmon dish, and it was obvious they used canned salmon. It was a lunch special so once again, it was pretty cheap. Didn't really expect an amazing fillet. It wasn't bad but probably won't get it again.
Oh wow, brings back vivid memories of visiting India. Just try it. My girlfriend and I ordered during lunch and got four meals worth of food for $20.
1 time out of 10 it's the best Indian food you'll ever eat. 2 times out of ten it's really good. 4 times out of ten it's solid, slightly above average Indian food. 2 times out of ten it's not very good. 1 time out of ten it's inedible.
This place has been my go to Indian restaurant since I moved to the area.  By far the best in the area with very good prices and food.  Delivery is always quick and the quality is consistently good.  I generally get the Malai Kofta, Saag Paneer, or Chana Masala, all of which are excellent.The in restaurant experience is even better.  The quality is taken up to a whole other level and has been a favorite of many friends I've brought here for visits.
I'm one of those people who only ever orders Chicken Tikka Masala and a naan, and then sits alone in a corner eating it till I feel light-headed.So, while I'm enthusiastic, I'm not really conversant in Indian cuisine.  Last night everything went tOpSy TuRvY when I had dinner with a kindly vegetarian couple, and we wanted to share dishes amongst ourselves alla famiglia.We had the Masala Dhal, Sag Aloo, and a chickpea dish whose name escapes me.  Really good, y'all.  Enough to make up for the fact that the garlic naan was just OK.  Seriously, that was good food in America right there.  Their serving dishes are deep.  It seems like you really get a lot.  A lot of delicious food.I pathetically scoured and re-scoured the menu for alcohol, but they don't serve it.  Can you really bring your own?  Cause I'm gonna Go Big next time if that's the case.  (tastefully)Oh dear-- is that a picture of the tikka masala right there? Why are you doing this to me?  Sarah B want that thing.
Awesome butter chicken and naan! My favorite Indian food in brooklyn
DELIVERY - Prompt, polite, and the quality of food is not lost simply because you aren't eating in the restaurant.EAT-IN - I have rarely eaten at a restaurant that appeared to appreciate having me as much as Bombay Masala.  The waiter was kind, happy to see us, and even gave my mother and me a free appetizer and ice cream after our meal.  The food was delicious.  It was a really pleasant experience.
Hot damn. My girlfriend and I visited earlier this week, just as they were about to close, so we opted to order take out . The owner was really helpful with the menu (we kinda know the basics of Indian food, but I asked him to just run down the hit list for us), and we weren't disappointed. The vindalu is actually spicy, the nan isn't bitter, and the dinner for two (in the $25-30 range) has more than enough for leftovers. Crown Heights is lucky to have this place.Editing this since I went again. My five-star rating doesn't change, because the service was even more phenomenal, and the food was just as awesome. The owner took our order and explained the different styles of dish and also made suggestions on what our particular preference was. The place just feels very personal, which even in New York is getting harder to find. That alone makes it worth a stop.
The food is absolutely heavenly. I highly recommend the chicken tikka masala! Furthermore, the employees are so courteous and excited to serve.  The delivery guy was pleasant as well. In a city where good food rarely coincides with good service, Bombay Masala stands out as a shining star.
Best Indian that delivers in this neighborhood. Not overly oily or too creamy; you know which ingredient is the main in your meal. The saag and chana have lots of flavor (check); they use fresh spinach in the saag (yay!) and the shrimp parthia kicks, but does not punch (yum).  They did mess up our condiment choice, but hey, worse things have been delivered.
Really good desi food and I'm desi so not very easily impressed. We ordered delivery a couple weeks ago and got chicken tikka masala (solid) channa masala (good) and palak paneer (good) as well as naan. We were happily surprised to discover the entree's come with a huge serving of rice so you don't have to order it seperately! The delivery was relatively quick, we got it in 45 minutes and we live in Crown Heights. I can't wait to try more food from there! And they take debit/credit card! Yay!
Terrible, terrible phone service for delivery. After I had to repeat my contact info about 6 times they still messed it up, and wouldn't discount our food after repeated delays purely due to this mistake. (They wouldn't even apologize!)  We ordered at 7:30 and cancelled after it hadn't shown up by 9 (they are literally about 3 minutes away by foot - we indulged in delivery bc we were busy entertaining).  They didn't give the poor delivery guy the correct phone or address, even though we called back twice over 90 minutes to "check in" and repeatedly give them our info. Whoever answered the phone spoke English too poorly to  understand my multiple repetitions of my contact info. When I called to check the first time, was told delivery guy "was in the building" but couldn't reach us because they had taken down the wrong phone number and "there was no doorbell" (untrue). Gave all my info again, but when we called after another 1/2 hour we were told they had still been unable to deliver because they "didn't have a number for us."   When they wouldn't give us a discount at that point, we cancelled the order - and then got a call from the delivery man at 9 pm -apparently he had my phone number after all, but had not been told we cancelled the order - and was now saying he didn't have my address.  (This was clearly due to the guys on the phone messing up and not giving him the info.)When we've done pick-up in the past, food has been very inconsistent - for instance, chopped uncooked green peppers thrown into the saag bhaji. They have been nice when we've been in the restaurant, but they need someone with better comprehension to answer their phone - or at least give discounts and apologies when they get it all so wrong.  We've done pick-up a lot in the past, but won't patronize them again.
Based on our first encounter with Joy last night, I simply cannot understand how this place receives such consistently good reviews.  Simply put, the food was marginal at best.  Vegetable samosas, a standard no loose choice of a starter at any Indian restaurant, were dried out and appeared to have been reheated or kept under a hot lamp in the kitchen, a presumption further supported by the fact that they arrived a whole one minute after ordering them!.  Lamb Vindaloo, a traditionally spicy dish, suffered from a complete lack of flavor.  It wasn't that it wasn't spicy, which it most certainly was not, it was uninspired and bland.  Upon complaining to our waiter, the meal was sent back to the kitchen for a much needed boost in flavor.  While the dish returned tasting much better than its previous incarnation, it was still sub par.  Chana masala, a chick pea based "stew" was equally as bland.  Paired with stale, undercooked vegetables, it too tasted "old" and reheated.  The outer portion of the chana was still hard, implying that none of the ingredients were cooked together, and instead a can of chick peas was poured into prepared sauce prior to serving.The two stars I awarded to Joy rest  wholly on the laurels of the waitstaff.  The service was attentive and friendly.  Water was refilled without asking, and we received a complimentary scoop of delicious mango ice cream for dessert.  These few pleasantries however, are not enough to warrant a return visit to Joy.  Alas, the search for good Indian food in Brooklyn continues...
THE Indian place to order from in the neighborhood. The chicken tikka masala is perfect and probably the best item on the menu. The saag paneer is a close second.
Simple, lovely food. The chicken tikka masala is especially good, and everything price-appropriate. The ambience very pleasant, especially when the front walls open up during nice weather. A very good bet for Indian food in Brooklyn.
Okay, I went back.  The customer service is still great.  I ordered the vegetable box to go and asked for it without rice and soda, so they threw in 2 veggie samosas for free!This time around, I noticed the food was actually...bland.  I still love the chutneys, but my saag and alugobi didn't seem so flavorful.  Also, there were peanuts in my samosas, and the dough on them was really thick!Perhaps this isn't the most authentic Indian food, but I'm still grateful for its presence in the 'hood.
Incredibly hyped up by Yelp.After reading countless reviews about how phenomenal Bombay Masala is... I popped in while visiting a friend who lives next door. I ordered the Veggie curry and Naan to go. My expectations were very high - yet I still decided to get the hardest dish to destroy.Oddly enough, the curry was incredibly bland for my taste. I doubt any Indian person I know would approve of the lack of seasoning. The naan was ok - I prefer mine to be thinner. The restaurant itself was very inviting and clean. I would definitely dine in... if the food made an impression on me.I've had better Indian elsewhere..so  I'm quite spoiled since I get a lot of homemade Indian cuisines with a load of spice. If you despise spice and pepper, Bombay Masala may be the spot for you.
Amazing indian restaurant, probably the best I have tried in New York.  I have been twice and on each occasion had attentive service, delicious curries, and a free gajar halwa (carrot pudding) to cap it off.  Pro-tip: the restaurant carries a couple indian beer selections that are not listed on the menu (Taj Mahal lager is my personal favorite).
I liked Bombay Masala.  I thought the food was very good and the service also polite and attentive.  I thought it's worthy of four stars, especially considering the neighborhood it's in.  But I think the five-star reviews for this place filled with overadorned language are getting a bit worked up.I had vegetable jalfrezi and my dining partner had chicken biryani.  The jalfrezi was spiced quite well and tasted great, though I felt that the portion could have been larger and it could have been warmer when brought to the table.  The biryani also probably should have been warmer and the chicken was typically dry, but the flavor for this dish was very good.  This is a very good neighborhood Indian restaurant and I would happily return but my dining experience didn't warrant use of multiple superlatives.
Good Indian food with some sweet details: swoon-worthy fresh breads, mmmmm mango chutney, pleasant and comfortable dining room, fast friendly service, Indian movies and music videos playing on large flat screen round the clock.  P.S. I love the tandoori chicken in a way I don't normally.  The saag paneer is my ol standby.  I rarely can bring myself to order anything else. And they do have quite a way with lamb, no?Oh wait, the SAMOSAS!
For affordable Indian food this place is pretty high quality. Interesting "chef's speciality" section on the back of the menu. Friendly, nice place.
Very good and very reasonable. I came here for lunch and ordered the vegetable curry lunch special and chai. Big, fresh vegetables in a very nice curry sauce. The meal came with naan and basmati rice as well as complementary chutneys and a small cup of kheer for dessert. All of this for LESS THAN $10!! All food was high quality, and the serving sizes were just right. I felt well fed without  feeling like I would burst.
We love Bombay Masala!  Affordable and tasty, with friendly service. We were a party of 11 celebrating a college graduation and enjoyed the service, attention and little extras provided. Host proprietor is outgoing.  Coconut and vegetable samosas were truly delicious. Biryani and mixed grill tandoori were both flavorful. Kurma sauce is excellent. Whole red snapper was outstanding. Bombay Masala is a favorite spot of the graduates, and enjoyable enough that the rest of us will go again.
This place is always a treat. They've got an amazing menu and the service is always exceptional. My wife and I visit regularly and they take good care of us. We're lucky to have this place so close to us!
The delivery service is GOD AWFUL!  My food took over an hour and a half to be delivered and the food was cold.  When I called to ask where my food was the staff was unapologetic, and incoherent.  The delivery laughed when he arrived, thinking the fact that he was late was one big joke.  Do not get delivery from here unless you want to wait 2 hours for mediocre, cold, food with horrible service.
This is the best place for Indian food in the Slope. The restaurant itself isn't the best-looking, but the prices are decent and the food is delicious. The chicken tikka masala is good and the chana shaag is my favorite. I'm taking away 1 star because lately I've gotten the chana shaag and it's totally oily and not as tasty. But on good days it is total comfort food.
This place is awesome!I am not a regular Indian foodie.  But I like curry, and spicy food, and love Thai food so I've been interested in experiencing more Indian food.  Well.  I could not have chosen a better restaurant.  2 girlfriends and I ate in and had an absolutely wonderful experience.First, the restaurant is clean, the service is prompt, the staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and accomodating.  They made excellent recommendations and when one friend in my group, nonetheless, ordered the wrong bread (fried instead of baked) they changed the bread for my friend, no charge, and told us to hold onto the fried bread in case someone else at the table wanted to try it!I don't recall exactly what my friends ordered, one had a milder eggplant dish and the other a medium chicken dish with chick peas, and both were excellent.  I ordered the shrimp vindaloo, which was fantastic!  Just right amount of heat and really good flavor.I expect that this summer I will be moving from novice to expert Indian food lover thanks to Bombay Masala.  GO!
One question:  Where's the heat?  I've never had such mild Indian food in my life.  i make it spicier at home!  The take out service was good and the flavor of the food was okay but it was seriously lacking in spice!  I recommend the chutney combo.  The naan was also ho-hum.
My girlfriend and I just moved to the area and pass by this place everyday...She's been craving saag panir so we headed over.  Everything was great, especially for the neighborhood.  Not that Crown Heights doesn't have its share, but Bombay Masala was clean, friendly, and of course delicious!  I always make it a point to get an order of saag panir and naan at any Indian Restaurant and they totally delivered on it (not to mention they have delivery)! The naan was hot and moist (and throbbing) like it had just come out of the oven...A+.  We also ordered the Banana pakora, which is slices of sweet banana fried in a crispy batter.  Super.  And for dessert, the ever delicious Gulab Jamun, which honestly wasn't the best I've ever had, but tasty nonetheless.  Bonus points for how nice our server was....and he gave us free rice pudding!  I'll have to go back for some real entrees soon....And I must mention that they have an awesome meal deal!  $28 gets you two apps, two soups, two entrees, naan, and two desserts!  You'd be hard pressed to find a cheaper place for a date where your date wouldn't find you cheap.
Hands down THE BEST Indian food in Brooklyn.  The ingredients are fresh, sauces are perfect, and the portions are generous.  Service is exceptional, with friendly staff.  Sit near the open doors on a nice day.  Absolutely the best dining experience I've had in ages.
I love the food here. The service is not always the best. The malai kofta is my favorite! They don't have alcohol, but you can bring your own wine.
Good Indian food that delivers to my apartment, what could be better?!?  The service is great, everyone was really friendly.  I am looking forward to going back regularly.
The deliver service sucks.. I order since 11:30 and it now 1:46 and have not gotten my lunch yet. When the food came it was cold and unappetizing
This is easily the best Indian Food in the area, not stellar but better than you would think.I am a sucker for chicken tikka-masala, not the hardest dish in the world. It is a little bland here, nothing that you couldn't fix after ordering a second time (Tell the chef to spice it up a bit (or a lot)).The nann is ok, sometimes you get a chunk of dough. The aloo-paratha is the only problem I have come across. Sometimes you get it correctly, potatoes laced in nann. Sometimes you get it all messed up, a hot-pocket style samosa. It hurts me that they do it right and wrong because I cant verify what version I will get!
Umm two freaking hours I just got my food and I never  write yelp reviews but I am definitely starting . So two hours I ordered the tandoori chicken,garlic naan and rice... Tandoori chicken was ok but was obviously from a skinny ass chicken wtf where's the meat..the naan was  burnt and the rice was rice idk if anyone can f that up....what really pissed me  the uck off is the friggin delivery man who basically demanded a tip when I live three blocks away why should my order take 2 hours and be less than dub par.. You don't get a tip for that tip is get a better job !!!!!!!!!
Hands down my favourite restaurant in all of New York.  No, really. No. Really. I recently had some friends up from out of town and, on their last night, we opted for Bombay Masala...  for them, it was a much-needed reintroduction to Indian cuisine and, thanks to the amazing eats and the incredibly helpful and friendly service, it was also "the perfect ending" to their trip - they're already talking about what they're going to order next time!  In short: excellent food, excellent service, and incredibly affordable... what's not to love?!---Update:  In addition to being my go-to Indian sit-down restaurant, it's also now my "jesusgodi'msolazyican'tputonpants" delivery restaurant.
I had a great experience here.  At first I was distracted by the frequent movement of the delivery people.  However, once dinner was served-my chicken tikka masala had all of my attention! I was also surprised at how reasonable the prices were. Friendly service and  great food.
I lived in Park Slope for seven years before recently moving to Crown Heights.  I was pretty satisfied with food in Park Slope except for the Indian restaurants.  The Indian food in Park Slope is...simply...bad.Living so close to Bombay Masala is definitely a reward for doing time in Park Slope's Indian restaurant void.The chana masala is my favorite dish.  The Mulligatawny is great without cream.  ALL of the staff members I've dealt with have been super attentive and pleasant whether I've dined in or ordered takeout.  The only way to improve this place?  BUFFET!
Ordered Saag Paneer, Vegi Biryani, and Chapati.  Saag Paneer = Average.  I have had better before but this was better than some of the other worse places I have been toVegi Biryani = Horrible.  This isn't a biryani at all.  It was more of masala rice.Chapati = Average.  Supposed to be completely made out of wheat flour but looks like it had white flour mixed in.Overall = Average to poor.
I was going to go four stars, but then I ordered takeout indian from 2 other places in manhattan and brooklyn and remembered how good Joy really is. for a sitdown place, forget it. you'll be the only one there. but for delivery, Joy is perfect. charcoal roasted nan... thick, delicious chicken tikka masala.... gooey saag paneer.  you can't beat it. for my money, best takeout indian food in brooklyn.
Meh. I've experienced better.That's what the two star rating says and truly, we've experienced better. We've been ordering from Bombay Masala since it opened and never, ever had a bad experience, but they must have changed cooks or he/she was having a very bad day. My lentils were hard, as if they didn't let them cook long enough, and what made it worse is that it was main dish (masala dhal) and my husband's fish was seasoned totally different from what we're used to, totally lackluster and blah. We love Bombay but this may be a while until we order again. What a waste of money. :(
My husband and I are eating the Bombay dinner for two as I'm writing this (we did take out). Not only is it a great price ($27 total for the two of us), but it's DELISH!. It's a great assortment of foods that's allowed us to taste test a variety of foods this place has to offer. Everything tastes fresh and the people are really nice. We're both really happy with our order and definitely recommend this place. The chef specials look a bit pricey, but now that we've had "the usual", I'm eager to try their specialty dishes. Great place. One of the better restaurants in the neighborhood.
I had Bombay Masala for the first time this afternoon and I must say I was  genuinely impressed.  The last time I had indian food was over a year ago, and the meal I had was definitely a welcome back to the wonderful world of indian cuisine.
After living in the neighborhood for a few years, I finally tried this place about 6 months ago and it's upsetting to me that I wasn't eating here all along.   I've had many things on this menu and have never been disappointed with any selection.  I'm particularly fond of the lamb madras, which is tender, flavorful and spicy without overpowering the rest of the dish.  I would recommend getting extra naan as one never seems enough.  Beautifully baked in their clay oven, the naan comes out piping hot, smoky and slightly sweet.   They have a good selection of Indian beers  and every time I've dined at the restaurant our meal was ended with a small rice pudding for each person.  The service is always attentive and polite while allowing you the space to converse with your fellow eaters all while Bollywood videos play in the back of the dining room. Each time I have gotten delivery the food has traveled well and they've always been to my door when they said they would.    This is by far my favorite Indian restaurant and one of my favorite restaurants in the 5 boroughs.
Some of the best Indian Fare in NYC and certainly the most accommodating staff you'll find. Always look forward to dining here or ordering out.
So me and my best guy were in the mood for Indian last night, and I immediately came to yelp to see what I could get on the drive home. So I came across Bombay Masala. I have to admit, I asked my guy to check out their on-line menu, he was salivating at 3pm. LOL. I called and ahead and basically had no wait to pick up my order, which is sooo greatly appreciated after a long day. Our order was relatively large, they gave me a complimentary rice pudding( Yippee). We order veggie samosas, the chicken fritters for appetizers, and for entrees we had chicken curry and chicken tikka, as well as orders of garlic naan and poorie. We were extremely pleased with our entrees. I loved the naan, and even my mom who is not big on Indian thoroughly enjoyed the Chicken Tikka which was seasoned to perfection. This will definitely be on my list for BK Indian spots.
I live nearby and just went there for the first time this weekend. Sooo good! Everything we tried was delicious. We had the Bombay special for two. This came with two appetizers, soup, two entrees, naan, and dessert. Lots of different tasty things to eat. Personally, my best experience with Indian food. Ever. Hence the review. I am from LA and have lived in NYC for a hot minute now. I have tried quite a range of indian food, and was impressed. I definitely recommend them. Wish I had tried them sooner!
Delicious food and a unique atmosphere. Gaudy decorations and Indian music videos playing continuously. The service was amazing and the restaurant was almost empty on a Friday night. They gave us free delicious rice pudding for dessert. I'm definitely going back whenever I go to the Brooklyn Museum or am in the area.
Tasty food, not too heavy, friendly and sweet service, reasonably prices, comfortable restaurant.Slightly broader menu than many Indian restaurants. Also seems slightly less heavy, or at least slightly fresher tasting.Service here is so nice, it really stands out for this jaded NYer. Genuine, comfortable, makes you feel good.
Bombay Masala is absolutely delicious! It may be the best Indian food I've had. The curry was nice and spicy...not overly spicy, but just right. The garlic naan and poori were fresh, nice and warm. Everything was so good, I probably over ate...yikes. I also did delivery and encountered no problems...though the delivery man did trick me into tipping him higher than I wanted to lol. The food came in a timely manner and was still very hot so I was happy! I would have given them 5 stars but they forgot to give me a fork so they lost a star :). I will most definitely be going back!
Best Indian in the area.  If you dine in, you'll be treated to the romantic glow of an electronic light-up NYC skyline mural, and it's BYOB.  I usually get Aloo Motor Gobi, garlic naan and cucumber raita.  Staff is really nice. Only drawback is that delivery can be slow at times.
To put it plainly, I'm not really a fan of Indian food. Never have been. However, I think that's all about to change. This place is close to my apartment. Last weekend, I felt ready to give it a shot and I'm so glad I did. You Indian food lovers out there tend to know exactly what you like, so I'll spare you the details of what I ordered. All I can say is if you like Indian food, you'll be very satisfied. If you don't, or if you're not sure if you do, you may just be very surprised after one visit to Bombay Masala.
the people are so nice and the food is incredibly delicious.  this is the kind of indian food that i crave.  so glad it's in the neighborhood!
My brother and I just ate here. He had a chicken tikka masala and I had the chicken mushroom shraag. We also had naan (bread), and the Indian hors duerves which is some different samosas. Everythig was great. Highly recommended.
I love it here.  Reliably good food, quick service (dine-in, I haven't done delivery), very friendly staff.  So happy to have this close to home!
Freaking amazing.  Did the tandoori 2-person special with my friend.  Started off with the mushroom and the coconut soups. These were okay, but not great.  For our appetizers, we had samosas and this chickpea thing with light bread.  The samosas were huge and quite tasty.  The main courses were lamb & chicken ... the chicken tandoori was one of the best i've had.  and to top it off, we finished with a bit of strawberry icecream, which was yummy.definitely will travel back to visit this place.
Food was amazing.  Service was laudable.  and I did not have to run to a bathroom within 10 minutes of finishing (which is usually the case when I hit Indian lane on the LES).  EAT HERE!!!
I got such food poisoning here I cringe when I walk by the storefront.
About a week ago my friends and i decided to do something a little different. Though this was not our 1st pick by the end of the night, all of us were satisfied with the choice we made. The service was great. As soon as we walked in the waiter greeted us and suggested that we have a seat by the heater so we can warm up. The place is small and dark and each table had a candle lite. And though there were other customers there it was nice and quiet. Now i've only had indian food once before this so i wouldnt be the best person to judge the food but to us it was good. The prices were good for us as well. They have a special for $15.99 that includes appitizers, dinner, and dessert. Each of us came out with a check for $20.00 or less.  Best part had to be our dessert. Though only one of us had ordered dessert they brought out an extra FREE serving of this delicious icecream. 2 bowls with 3 scoops of 3 different icecreams and they also brought each of us spoons. I thought that was so generous so the waiter recieved a big tip from us.   I didnt rate it 5 stars only because again im no expert on indian food but i'd definately be going back.
Everything was delicious and the service was excellent.  I would agree with another reviewer in that the food wasn't quite as spicy as I would have liked, but that was my fault for ordering something labeled "sweet spice" rather than "medium hot".
Best Chana Saag in the world! Moved away from Brooklyn and every time I'm back in the area I have to have dinner here! Definitely my fav! Staff is wonderful... Always a pleasure to see them! :) and it's BYO!
The Madras beef was DEEE-lish!!!! And it was reasonable on price because Indian food is typically expensive. Now, I know that there are other options in this neighborhood for delivery....But, be aware folks!!! The delivery guy likes to assume his tip as if I don't like the option to give what I will.
This place is pretty good. Point taken, I've never been to the actual restaurant. We just ordered (delivery) twice. Food came in 20 minutes, prices are OK, food is pretty good. Maybe not as good as a home-cooked indian meal, but still pretty good. Can't say much about the competition in BK because I don't know any of the other places to compare it to, but this one does it for me. :)They also have some pretty amazing lunch specials. Amazing because the price tag on them is almost too good to be true.
I ordered food for delivery and it was fairly fast.Good food!  Especially because it delivers to Crown Heights.
Beef Bhuna does it for me every time. I love the spices used in this dish, especially the cardamom seed pods. Yummy  :)I'm really hooked on this dish, so unfortunately I haven't tried anything else.
Ordered Chicken Tikka Massala and garlic naan for takeout. Portions were substantial, and the basmati rice was good. Will order again.
Hubs and I order from here all the time. While there is better Indian food to be had, it's (still) one of relatively few respectable local delivery options, and the food can be counted on to be fresh, plentiful and delivered to our door reliably and quickly (see my review of The Indian Place That Must Not Be Named for the opposite of this). I slightly prefer the food at Sapid, but it's more than I like to routinely spend on takeout. Bombay Masala is  cheap enough that we can splash out on their feasts for two, which contain enough food to easily carry us through two to three meals apiece. Everything is a little oily, but mostly in a good way.
Me and my husband went here just to get some kebabs and have them with our beer. This place is BYOB which itself is fabulous! We have eaten here and remembered that the kebabs last time were very good, so we thought that's what we will do. Once we got seated and were going through the menu, the Special Dinner for Two looked just too tempting and a great value for money. We got the seafood special for two. Oh my god!, it  was so good and the portions were huge. We got 2 soups, 2 appetizers (the shrimp that the server recommended: Fresh Shrimp was unbelievable. Going forward, I have to, have to, always get that every time. It was divine), 2 main dishes with naan, rice and 2 desserts. It was a lot of food and it was all good. We got the leftovers packed to take home. The food was enough for a couple of meals. Now that sure is value for money. The service was great, very friendly and our server provided suggestions when asked for recommendations and we sure are glad that we asked, or else we might not have gotten the Fresh Shrimp appetizer :-) And I forgot to mention that we are Indians, so we can totally tell the difference between Americanised Indian and authentic Indian. Their food seems to have a Bengali influence and we like that. We totally love it and will surely be patronizing the restaurant often.
I'm new to the neighborhood and was thrilled to have so many options for Indian take out/delivery.  I chose to try Bombay Masala first and I'm so happy I did.  The food is relatively cheep for the portions and the delivery is always quick.  Naan and samosas are great, saag panir has a spice that sneaks up on you (in a good way) and the panir is beyond fresh -- BIG pieces lightly crisped on the edges.  I now find myself wanting to order from Bombay every night...
We order from Joy at least once a week.  Love the food!  My favorites include shish kabob, saag paneer, and kurma.  My only warning - sometimes dishes can be a little bit oily.  Dining in, the staff is always attentive and friendly.  Don't let the empty dining room scare you away.  This place is the best.
Bombay Masala is, hands down, the best food discovery in the area. Sure, there are places that exist and more keep popping up that serve good food, but here's the difference-- Bombay Masala DELIVERS to Bed Stuy. A recent lazy night in found me calling Bombay Masala for a repeat of one of my favorites: Mushroom Curry, and it didn't disappoint. I expected that, but what I didn't expect was the sweet delivery guy who brought me a complimentary bottle of water because it was so hot that day. The Shaag Curry is also delicious, and the Lemon Pillaw is amazing! I wish I could write about more than these few dishes, but it's hard to explore the rest of the menu since the food I've tried already is just sooooo addicting. For two, you can order one main dish, a side dish and an appetizer-- for about $20 it's plenty of food.
Great Food, very helpful staff, wonderful place to celebrate Diwali!  The Tandoori Fish is delicious.  Rogan Josh is great as well.
Well, we went to Joy Indian with high hopes and were a bit disappointed. My wife is Indian and she gives it 3 stars mostly b/c the biryani was too greasy and wasn't particularly flavorful. The roti was good and the samosas were great. She also enjoyed the marathon of Shahrukh Khan films streaming on the t.v.s. The price was right too!
im south asian and love ordering from this place. the food is fresh, flavorful, and honestly compares to my mom's cooking. however, what really sets this place apart is the service. they are always prompt and courteous, but they were exceptionally kind this evening.tonight i had a less than stellar experience after ordering chicken jalfrezi. jalfrezi is a traditionally spicy dish, and i knew to expect a certain level of discomfort that would give way to deliciousness and complete satisfaction. however, tonight's meal was basically inedibly spicy (and i can take a lot of heat). i called the restaurant, they were brisk but courteous, and both picked up AND brought back a new, more palatable (and delicious) replacement within the half hour. so many thanks to both the super nice delivery driver and the chef!
I've had a lot of experience with Indian Food coming from the Bay Area, but I just want to second everyone else on the chicken tikka masala. The meat was really tender, the sauce had the perfect texture, and as a whole, perhaps the best CTM  I've ever had.
I've been looking for a staple Indian place (relatively) close to home, and I've found it! Too bad I live just far way enough that they can't deliver.We walked in and there was one table eating. Typical for that time on a Sunday. There was Bollywood on the TV and linen table cloths. We were graciously welcomed by the staff, who made small talk with us about Bollywood, laughed, and was overall very pleasant. I had the vegetable curry and my friend had the chicken tikki masala. Both things were great. Endless rice. And the waiter gave us a little ice cream at the end! Sweet. The service and food were both great. Definitely going back there.
We'd ordered in from them a couple of times and were pleased with their friendly and gracious phone manner and delicious food (don't bother ordering extra basmati rice--they give you TONS with each entree).When we finally ventured out of our cave to eat IN the restaurant, we were not disappointed. The staff is so polite and the place clean and comfy. We invited a few friends along, shared a bunch of different yummy dishes (particularly chicken tikka masala and saag paneer) and relished the attentive and friendly service. And, to echo reviewer Anna W., they show "fabulously cheesy Bollywood on the flat screen!" Actually, when we were there, they were showing colorful Bollywood music videos--totally infectious.The staff is so kind and gracious that even if their food weren't stellar, we'd still want to give them our business. But luckily, we don't have that problem--the food is delicious and reasonably priced. And there aren't a lot of choices for Indian in the neighborhood, so go and enjoy!
Recently moving from Maine to Brooklyn, this was actually the first place in NYC that I ate. It was a good way to begin my culinary adventures here! A short walk from my apartment, I found it simply by walking down Franklin and stopping at the first place that looked appealing. The owner was very nice and patient with me, as I explained I had just moved and had no idea what they offered. He sat me down and and let me wait at a table (I was getting take-out) and even brought my a cup of a wonderful spiced tea while I waited. To be honest, this was a month or so ago, and I have no recollection of what I ordered, but I believe it to have been a lamb-curry sort of dish. However I do remember it being delicious! This place has since become my go-to Indian place in the area and I am thankful to live so close to such a great establishment.
I've only ever ordered take-out/delivery but I've always been satisfied. It's good Indian food, not the best but very far from the worst. Their portions are also big, especially for the price you pay. I've had their samosas (I like the vegetable one the best), chicken tikka masala, chicken tandoori, saag paneer, saag aloo, chicken biryani, and naan, and I've been happy with them all.
I have eaten here a few times and it's been pretty good overall. However, today I got delivery from Joy and when I bit into my piece of chicken, I also bit into a small metal ring, about half an inch in diameter, which was in my chicken dish. I almost chipped a tooth since I was not expecting to find metal in my food. We called the restaurant and the best they could do was offer a free piece of tandoori chicken for our next order. Absolutely unacceptable.
I don't see how this place could hit any closer to perfection.  The food is consistently amazing and we've eaten in or ordered delivery just about every week since moving to the neighborhood.  I took my parents (Michiganders) last week and the always friendly staff took the time to explain each dish and entertain our lazy pace.  Delicious and welcoming.  Try it if you're anywhere nearby.
I've dined in and had take out here multiple times. It's just not good. I don't understand why it has such a high rating. All the dishes I've ever gotten were bland at best.
We ordered the dinner special, which comes with multiple servings (appetizer, soup, main course, dessert).  It took like 20 mins between each course for the next one to come out.  At the end when we wanted to pay, they didn't bring us our check until another 20 minutes.  We were the only party there besides a table of 2.  Also the food was mediocre.
Ordered the Bombay Dinner special! this dinner for one could easily be dinner two or even a petite three!! Food was delivered hot and fast. The dinner is complete with two samosas, full serving of soup, full entree, and dessert of choice. I chose fish masala which was $5 extra.......Take one * away for the masala, It is delicious, but they used salmon?? weird choice, as it causes the masala to be a bit saltier than usual.......all in all a new staple in my delivery favorites!!!
This place is a non-fancy, inexpensive spot that serves great aloo pakora, which happen to be a fave dish for me. That alone, and the ease of the restaurant, gets them 5 stars from me.
This is the only Indian restaurant that I've been to that can make spicy chicken tikka masala and not kill the flavor in the process. It is absolutely awesome, and if I could I would eat it every day.
This place is fantastic! I eat here all the time. I've never had a bad meal. The service is great and staff is very friendly. The dinner for two is a great deal. 2 apps, 2 soups, 2 meals and deserts for $30. Love it all!
Joy is my favorite Indian food in Slope/Prospect Heights. The service is great + incredibly friendly. I'd recommend their chicken tikka masala,  malai kofte and navratan korma. Their curries, breads, and classic dishes are all delicious, and far above average for the neighborhood.There's also a killer Brooklyn Bridge light-brite picture thing thats fun to stare at, along w/ a stream of Bollywood movies.Oh, and BYOB...
So far the best Indian I've had in Brooklyn, and maybe New York. It's a bit of a haul for people not familiar with the area, and completely unsuspecting for its location. But it's definitely worth it, a destination place on Franklin Ave.
Pretty great! Service was awesome and the owner was super nice to our party of 8. When 2 of us didn't get soup, he gave us free soup so they wouldn't feel left out. The food was amazing- Enormous portions! And it was the first time where I had a Tiki Masala where I could really taste the yogurt. Someone in the kitchen really cares about the food. Prices are totally reasonable (Especially when you realize how much you're getting! I am a HUNGRY DUDE and I made 2 meals out of it), service is good and the Bollywood music videos are a nice bonus.
horrible.  our lunch started off with a "green salad" which included bad tomatoes, iceberg lettuce and italian dressing.  our waiter was a bit off the wall and stared at my breasts while giving us a lecture about labor day history in america.  which was actually incorrect.  my friend ordered the chicken tikka.  45 minutes later a dry chicken tandori was delivered.  and it wasn't even hot...luke warm at best.  the basmati rice looked to be about a day old and i swear it was sprinkled with "frenche's onion bits".the white wine was awful.  so awful that my friend who loves wine took the entire meal to barely finish it.  i ordered the vegetable vindaloo which was quite spicy.  not great, the vegetables sucked...too many peas.  happily i ordered, which was good a smart decision based on the wine, beer. i wanted to get the hell out of there really badly because the waiter was a freak and wouldn't  leave us alone.the cherry on the top was the free dessert, which upon inquiring, we were told that it was 'rice pudding' with a little bit of orange food coloring and sliced almonds.  don't go there. just don't.oh, the one benefit of going there are the bizarre but awesome indian music videos.
Let's be honest.  This is not the best Indian restaurant in the world.  But it's Brooklyn.  What do you expect?  For the neighborhood, you can't do better!  The chana masala and fish masala are both pretty good, though sometimes a bit oily.  But whatever may lack in the food is made up for 100 times in the staff.  Where else are you given a free mango lassi while you wait?  Where else does the owner insist on handing over samosas for free?  Loyal customers are treated like kings at Joy.  The naan is delicious and the sauces have nice flavor.  If you live in Brooklyn and crave Indian, there's no where I'd recommend more.
Bombay Masala is hands down the best Indian food in the five boroughs. The wait staff is top notch - great with recommendations, super polite but not uncomfortably so, and so quick. The food is truly amazing and the prices are insane...I really don't know how they make a profit.  My boyfriend and I had the tandoori meal for 2 (but really I think it could have fed 3-4).  We opted out of the soup because it was a bit hot in the restaurant and I'm so glad we did because all the courses that came out more than filled me up - I was a glutton.  I was hesitant to order tandoori since all the tandoori meats I've had in the past have been dry, but theirs is amazing and so juicy! The samosas were the most delicious pockets of potatoey goodness I've tasted and the rice pudding at the end was a great way to top off the meal. The complete meal (soup, 2 apps, 2 entrees, rice, nan and dessert) with a bottle of house white wine came out to about $45. It was relatively full on a Friday around 830 and was packed when we left at 10.  If you love Indian food you must try this place. Tip the wait staff well - they really deserve it!
The was the first Indian restaurant I've been to in Brooklyn and I have to say that I'll be heading back to Manhattan and Jackson Heights from now on.  I mean the food isn't terrible, but it certain isn't noteworthy.  I have had better Indian food at some fast food places in Manhattan that cost 35% less.
Online ordering process is really easy. Service inside was really friendly.  Chicken Tikka Masala is as good as it sounds... as was the special pillaw.  Really good all around.
Ordered online from grubhub and the service, quality and quantity of food is just amazing. Maybe its because I had two bad experiences with other restaurants that this one stands out but still, it was an amazing food ordering experience.
so we're sitting in our sparsely-furnished, box-filled new pad after just moving to crown heights.  and we're starving.  so we hit up yelp to see what's good in the hood, and end up ordering delivery from bombay masala.and we will do so time and time again in the future.chicken tikka masala was solid.  naan bread and samosas were delightful.  delivered so fast that the food was piping hot when we opened it.  and lastly, portions were generous enough that we had enough for dinner the next night as well.  (and we're not self-starving hipsters, either.)
I'll go ahead and say beforehand that this was my first time eating Indian food.  We told the waiter this and he brought us an appetizer sampler that was delicious and explained what everything was.  The food was great.  I had dumpakht and it was awesome.  Even the bread around the bowl was good - I'm not even sure if I was supposed to eat it.  The staff was very very nice.  At the end of dinner they gave me and my friend a scoop of ice cream, free and it was delicious.  We ate outside in the back and it was sparse, but nice and shady.  I got about four mosquito bites out there, but while we were still there, the waiter came out and sprayed insect spray in a non-obtrusive way.  I will definitely be visiting again!
Straight up excellent Indian. Crown Heights is glad to have you.
I absolutely love this place.  The owner and employees are friendly as can be and the food is consistently excellent.   Unlike too many other Indian places I don't feel like I've dropped a ten pound lump of ghee into my stomach after eating here which is a very nice change.  They're a great addition to the neighborhood and let's hope they stay more many years to come.
Very tasty and fresh food. I am really happy that we have this great Indian restaurant in our neighborhood.  My husband likes the lamb vindaloo and I usually order the Kati chicken.
Wow, I should have come here earlier!  The food had amazing flavor, and you get a TON of food for your money.  We tried the Bombay Dinner for Two (there are a few of these on the menu, all under $30 except for the seafood one,) and we're extremely satisfied.Our server recommended we try a special lentil soup that wasn't on the menu, yet, and it didn't disappoint.  We also had the mulligatawny, and a couple curry dishes with nan.  This is how spicy food is supposed to taste.  It doesn't sacrifice flavor for heat.  We had to take most of the curry home as were were completely stuffed.  Next time I'll have to check out the beer/wine mesu.  Having this restaurant in Crown Heights (don't tell me it's not Yelp!)  is a major score for the neighborhood.  I'll definitley get takeout from here multiple times.
The food here is OK, but ultimately just mediocre. Kinda flavorless. Service was quick (the entrees arrived before we'd finished our appetizers) and attentive, although they did forget our mango chutney. We added salt to all of our dishes, something I've never had to do at an Indian restaurant before.I'd eat here again, since it's a convenient location, but stick with the basics and avoid the fancier dishes.
Very very solid Indian.  Saag Paneer is well above average.  Actually everything we've gotten has been well above average and we've ordered from them probably close to ten times.  You can count on them when there's nothing in the fridge.
Best Indian in or around Park Slope. Been a regular for 8 years.
I've been to a lot of Indian places in this neighborhood and so far.. this is the Best!  Absolutely delicious....  Everything I ever order is soo tasty that you never get tired of it... besides, the staff is extremely helpful and the delivery is super fast!   Gotta love the hood....with this type of service and food so yummy I don't think I will leave Prospect Heights any time soon..
Solid Place. Great option for the area. Reasonable prices. Friendly staff. Dine in or take-out.Very mildly spiced. (too mild)Indian is one of my favorite cuisines in general. Usually there's something that makes me go "wow, this is amazing". That didn't happen here. Nothing really had enough flavor. Nothing was bad and this is a safe bet for an OK meal, but certainly nothing special.
It was alright.  I'd heard it was fantastic but it was just alright.  The paneer was flavorless, and the mixed veggies had the texture of bagged frozen vegetables.  Plus, some of my food was cold.  But the palak (spinach) dishes were delicately spiced and really flavorful.  The atmosphere was so-so but the servers were friendly and attentive.  I'd like to go back a time or two to see if it's any better.  But I couldn't with any enthusiasm recommend it to anyone based on the one experience I've had.By the way... since when is Franklin Avenue in Prospect Heights?
Great food and nice service. Only issue is the huge tv showing Indian music videos. Very distracting from the great food. Also they give you a little bowl of rice pudding for dessert. My go-to Indian restaurant in the neighborhood.
Tired of indian choices in my neighborhood, Ft Greene, decided to try branching out a bit for delivery options, hoping for a good find.  Joy has a lot of good reviews, so decided to give it a whirl.  Ordered the "Dinner for 1" for my wife and I, which includes 1 app, 1 soup, 1 entree, naan, random dipping sauces.  picked the "meat" samosa (more on this in a minute on this), vegetable soup, chicken vinaloo, and extra garlic naan.FAST delivery...guy said 30 minutes.  Perfect to finish unpacking from camping this weekend.  Bell rings in 15...hands full of gear.I went straight for the meat samosa.  Now, i've been to india and eaten at quite a few indian spots around, but i have NEVER had beef at an indian restaurant.  Yes, Joy serves beef samosas!  Considering indian beliefs, i found this to be the most unexpected menu item around.  That being said, the samosas were fairly good with the dipping sauces.Vegetable soup left something to be desired, as the veggies were fairly raw still.  As for the vindaloo, the heat is good!  The sauce is a little too thick for our preference, so there wasn't much to dip with naan.  Overall, Joy is just another run of the mill indian restaurant in BK, leaving a lot to be desired.
I came to joy Indian based on the great reviews here on yelp. The chicken tikka masala tasted like pasta sauce mixed with cream and butter, no hint of masala spices to be had. Would have been better served over pasta than rice. Naan bread was overcooked and dry. I will not be back.
We were craving Indian food one winter night. But when it's winter and freezing cold in NY certainly no one feels like getting dressed to go out for dinner. So a friend suggested that we call this place for delivery. I have to admit I was doubtful at first that these guys would deliver to our neck of the woods (Bed Stuy). but when I called to place our order (fingers crossed) what do you know??! They said sure! That was all i needed to hear. Hubby and I are now faithful customers. Thanks gentrifiers!
The service was a bit slow, but the food was the best Indian food I've ever had!
Oh dear... I briefly defected to Bombay Heights after noticing that their prices were a bit cheaper, and their food even better. But then Heights got a new chef, and I returned to my neighborhood joint.  Bombay Masala, while at its best a good Indian restaurant, has a serious consistency problem. Two orders ago (I pretty much stick to delivery), the food was very tasty, fast, and fresh-tasting. My most recent order is a different story: the naan is loosely wrapped in tinfoil that's covered in lettuce bits (there is NO lettuce in my order), the top to my very runny main dish wasn't on all the way, which was almost a disaster, and the rice had weird fried onion bits in it that don't belong. Everything bready tastes stale and the entree was lukewarm. My food tastes ok, but not great, especially not the main dish: the peas in my entree are nearly tasteless and a bit hard. Considering I ordered a mainly pea dish, this is kind of a problem. Were this my first experience here, I'd give a 1 star rating. Overall, I think this is a three star place that sometimes serves four star food (on the yelp scale) I feel like I don't know what I'm going to get at this place. I want it to be good, but I'm kind of afraid to order again on a busy night. Given that Masala is convenient to me, I'll order again for sure unless I find a better option. But my mouth shouldn't taste this much of onions after eating any Indian dish.
The first time I tried Indian/Pakistani food was here. My friends and I were visiting NYC and randomly wandered into this place. We had the chicken tikka masala and roti which was delicious. The waiter was super friendly and took care of us. I definatly will come back the next time I'm in New York!
This is our standy-by delivery food. Always hot when it arrives, and the perfect level of spicy. I'm yet to dine inside the restaurant, or try anything besides the Chicken Vindaloo or Chicken Tikka Masla, but those are done superbly in my opinion. Sometime Indian food can be rather oily and even separates by the time it's delivered, but Bombay Masala seems to use less oil so the food tastes fresher and lighter.
We eat here at least once a month and the food is always very good, the Bharta is one of my faves as well as the chicken biryani and my latest chicken tikka masala. Paratha bread is so good you can eat it alone. And the mango juice is quite yummy.  They did lose a star because I recently ordered for delivery and it took a solid hour before they arrived even though they said 30 minutes.
My go-to for Indian food.  Reasonable prices, fast service, nice people, and most importantly great food.  Their Sag-Aloo is my favorite.  BYOB.
Oh dingy yet fancy, obviously family owned businesses, how I love thee. Joy Indian Restaurant falls into the perfect equation of so many similar restaurants; you can tell the owners truly put some effort into making a "nice looking" restaurant, but still, it's never going to be "hip". Tableclothes, fabric napkins, water goblets, all nice feeling but a dingy, dim room and the swanky neon NYC skyline! But, seriously, I would go to this type of restaurant 10:1 over Olive Garden, TGIFridays, etc. ESPECIALLY when they make delicious food like Joy Indian does. It had been a long day of working for a friend who lives a block from the restaurant. After leaving her place, I was starving and it was late dinner (8:30). I had quickly Yelped the area before I headed out and saw this was close and had decent reviews. Plus, INDIAN. Rarely do I get to eat Indian, and the good stuff even less often.In that "I'm starving" mode, I saw the dinner special and my always indecisive nature decided to go with that. $17 for appetizer, soup, bread, entree, raita or chutney, and rice pudding. I got the veggie samosas, mulligatawny, poori, raita and lamb (LAMB!) madras curry. The samosas were first out, hot out of the fryer and delicious. There were two nicely sized samosas, and they were studded with corn and peas, and the potatoes were very nicely spiced. Mulligatawny was a soup I had only heard of, never tried, and this was delicious. A hot, spicy hybrid tomato-lentil soup, here it's blended and smooth. It was abolutely delicious, especially as the night had an early fall chill in the air. The poori is thin, poofy bread that has crispy parts and chewy parts to it, and whew boy is it addictive! It was a touch greasy, but generally delicious! The raita had an interesting vinegar tang to it, and helped greatly to calm down the heat of the curry. Which, was divine. Spicy, lots of delicious lamb meat, a hearty side of rice with peas and carrots (fresh, flavorful, not bland, mushy veg). The curry was really, really good and I can't articulate it much better. The fact that lamb costs the same as beef, and it tasted good, makes this place a go-to now. I took most of the curry and rice home with me because I was so full otherwise, along with the dessert. The rice pudding was much more liquid than what most Americans probably think of pudding. It was a nice, spicy breakfast/dessert the next day!This place isn't technically near me, but it's not far on the train and it is absolutely YUMMY. Go in, and eat in if you're brave. Great service, delicious hot from the kitchen food, and the entertainment of watching the patriarch of the family make sure the son/nephew/young man doing delivery has his shit together. What can I say, I'm a sucker for dinner and a show.
I'm surprised by the other reviews.  Ive ordered delivery from here twice and found the food just ok and overpriced for what you get.  I live around the corner and the last time I ordered it took about an hour to arrive and the food was cold when it got here.  The other reviews make me want to try eating in the restaurant--maybe it's better in house?
I'm British and have spent years in Brooklyn bemoaning the lack of good Indian restaurants- I am sooo thrilled to have moved near to Bombay Masala. The spices and cooking are perfect. There's a massive choice of dishes and the delivery arrives promptly and hot. Exactly what you want. I absolutely recommend it. Yum!
The caterer fell through for our wedding rehearsal dinner so we came here.  The staff was incredibly indulgent of our 25 portly guests (we're a BIG family).  The food is OUT OF THIS WORLD, and even though we eat  like a herd of elephants, we still had some to take home to enjoy the next morning before the big event.  And can we talk about reasonable prices?  We saved so much compared to that flakey caterer, we're able to furnish a nursery for our imminent bundle of joy.  Will most definitely be back again and again. SIX STARS ******
My go-to Indian delivery place and I have little desire to try any other Indian food in the neighborhood. The food is the perfect level of spice, but they'll adjust it to your liking. My favorite is the chana saag -- chick peas and spinach. Order one meal and make it last for at least two meals! Yum...
Talk about a find!  My roommate and I came to this place after reading the reviews and we were not disappointed.  We got there at 10:15pm, forty-five minutes before they closed, and service was great (then again, there was only one other party there at that time).  We ordered the paratha roti, chicken saag, and chicken tikka masala. I was blown away by how good the masala was - creamy sauce, tender chicken.  The prices were very reasonable too.  As it approached 11pm, the waiter felt bad for having to rush us and gave us each a free scoop of strawberry ice cream with our check!
Best Paneer Saag I've had. There were about 8 of us, 6 from out of town and 2 locals. Our host/ waiter was enthusiastic, provided great service, and he even gave our friend a custom t-shirt for being the only one to finish his food! I have yet to find Indian food this tasty on our side of the country.
I've had indian food at 6 places in the city and this is my favorite. If you live in the area you should be getting delivery from bombay masala every week. My favorites are lamb tika masala (brigth red) and their chana shaag, and you gotta get the naan for dipping. If you like garlic, try the garlic curry, there has got to be a whole head, maybe two in that thing! If you want an app, go for the soup- samosas aren't great. If you want to eat outside you'll be walking through their somewhat haphazard kitchen, but the service is very warm and proud.
Very good food. Very nice polite staff and delivery person. Delivery was fast. Tasty tasty food. They don't have veggie samosas on their menu on their site, but I asked about them and they do have them. And they are tasty. Mango Lassi is very mango-y and tasty. Chicken Tikka Masala was very good. Shari Paneer was very good. Plain naan and aloo naan were both very tasty. Don't forget to ask for your tamarind chutney though.
Ate here for the first time last night and really enjoyed it!  Chicken Tandoori was good, very juicy, and I really enjoyed the chana masala.  Staff is extremely friendly, it feels like they put a lot of love into this place.  So far the best indian I've had in Brooklyn.
We we're pumped to go try out some Indian in Park Slope cause with all the yuppies it had to be good right?  Wrong is an understatement.  Deceived, manipulated, aghast, duped or you add your own vocabulary from a Scooby Doo episode. The simosas got our hopes up.  Pretty gosh darn good with a good tamarind sauce and mint chutney.  Then we got our main dishes.  Disaster.  I had the Chicken Tikka Masala or the Gummi Bear Marsala as we would start calling it.  It was so sweet and fruity it tasted like someon had dropped a bag of skittles into it.  My girlfriend had the ali choli or something like it.  It tasted like Italian food, more oregano than cumin. Also their delivery guys were whisteling outside the whole time.  Each one was trying to out annoy the other by whistling as annoyingly as possible.  I'd say they both won.  We lost.
Totally delicious! My boyfriend and I had a great experience here! The servers were very attentive and the food was DELICIOUS! They even brought us complimentary rice pudding at the end of our meal! We also got a mango lassi...yummmm! I used to work at an indian restaurant where I made mango lassis from scratch and thier lassis were perfect! Also, I LOVED the Bollywood playing in the background :)
They have great mango drinks. We came here during lunch hour, and tried some great food. Unless you know what is great, you risk ordering food that you might not like. Indian food is rich in flavor and have great curry flavor. I was a little disappointed by the meat, it was a little dry on the side.
Fabulous food, aesthetic, service! (And it delivers to the surrounding neighbourhood as well, a major plus...)Brought my parents there... We were regaled by the owner/waiter, who suggested scrumptuous entrees, and it finished off with a free dessert...The rice is free, the water is cold, and the curries are excellent.If you like spicy, they will rock your socks off. We had medium, and it was delectable.Excellent addition to the neighb!
Love this place! The owner came by before we ordered -- he was so endearing and he offered us Indian beers which turned out to be wonderful. First your table gets a basket of those Indian chips and three sauces which were each uniquely delicious. We ordered chicken vindaloo (believe it when they say spicy) and sog panir. Our friends also got the appetizer of fried vegetables which were great, something I've never had before. And to top it off, we each got a wonderful surprise complimentary rice pudding. Staff couldn't have been nicer. We ate in the back garden area, which we didn't even know existed but is a very nice space.
My boyfriend and I stumbled onto this place while exploring the neighborhood and decided to give it a try. My Indian bf and I both agree: BEST INDIAN FOOD IN NYC!  And not only that, but the service is great too!  I've been back many times and they are always pleasant and fast. The food is fresh and they offer cute little complimentary desserts at the end of the meal.  (Once I saw people waiting on their carry-out order and they were given complimentary mango lhassi drinks while they were waiting!) As for the atmosphere, typical Indian restaurant feel but the flat screen TV's with Indian Bollywood music videos playing is a unique touch.
soooooo goood and affordable.  not fancy - just seems like a family restaurant which is fine with me.  i got the spinach and mushroom shaag and it was delicious.  the rice was awesome, too.  the people i was dining with tried lots of things and every bite was amazing.  can't beat it.  i will be back.
One night I was browsing the interwebs looking for a new restaurant that would deliver up to Clinton Hill. Although Bombay Masala is technically in Prospect Heights, they gladly took the trek up to Clinton Hill. For starters, I was just glad that I had found a new restaurant that delivered. I wasn't previously familiar with the restaurant so I didn't know what to expect. The food was absolutely amazingly delicious. I have ordered from this place upwards of 4 days a week on a GOOD week. Highly recommended. The tikka masala is the bomb (insert sh!t here - sorry yelp).
I am a big fan of this place, and its not because I live around the corner.  I would definitely travel to eat here, Joy is reliably very tasty and cheap.  The people are genuinely nice people, they may have a bad day and not always be perfectly friendly.  I really like the Baingan Bhurta.  Plus the bollywood dance videos are fun.
I truly love and cherish this mind blowing Indian joint. The completely best and most incredible Saag Paneer I have and will ever have in New York City. It's sad there are places in downtown and midtown Manhattan that pride themselves as decent Indian places when this place puts them to utter shame in seconds. The kindest most sincere owners and brightens the rather gloomy hood with its warm and intimate setting.
Had a great lunch here yesterday on our way to the Brooklyn Botanical Garden, an easy walk.  Vegetable Biriyani, Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Kurma and a couple of nans, all excellent and good value too.  Service a little slow, but the Bollywood movies and background music made the time go by quickly.  Highly recommended.
The food at Bombay Masala is consistently excellent, quite reasonably priced, and extremely plentiful.  We always take home leftovers.  Last time I shared the Vegetarian Thali ($14) with my dining partner and *still* took home left overs.The service is also fabulous, without being overbearing.  And the meal ends with a free mango lassi.I don't love the interior lighting, but I'll forgive a lot for this level of awesomeness on all other fronts. I don't love the weird interior lighting, so I usually try to sit outside.  The outdoor area is lovely.
Our family of five has been getting a takeout from Joy for at least the last 7 years, once a week... We love curry, my husband is Indian, and we think Joy is great.  Their food is always fresh, the meat good quality, delicious pakoras and onion baji.  We are are from England where curry is our national dish... So we were so pleased when we discovered joy here in park slope, it's as good as the curry back home.  We have introduced tons of our friends to this restaurant, who are now also regulars and love it.  Thank you Joy for looking after us all these years.
The food here is really good. The lunch special is a bargain. You get several items all for under $10. If you get it to stay, you will feel like you are feasting. Great! Love the classic, elaborate metal dishes. Friendly service -- an asset to the neighborhood!
We love this place. Great deal on special dinner for two. Definitely get the special chick pea poori bhaji app. We love their lamb madras. And they deliver!
This place is amazing & I've been able to watch it get better and better since it opened.Best delivery experience - 13 minutes from phone call to front door.  Not bad.  And the food was piping hot & fresh to boot!The only awkward thing I've encountered is the delivery guy saying I didn't tip enough.  (20% tip on a 4-block delivery isn't a bad tip & I hope he's learned that by now).
Awesome food, fast and nice service.  Best chicken tikka masala I've *ever* had!  We got delivery to the Franklin Park pub - excellent.
This place has officially proven itself in my books. Along with its twin restaurant in Crown Heights, this joint takes the cake and is the standard by which Indian dining or takeout can be judged in South Brooklyn. Nuff said.
I have been unhappy with the quality of the Indian places in Brooklyn I've been to (and if anyone has any recommendations, I'd be happy to hear them), so I was really excited to find this place.  This is better quality food than the cheap, flashy places on 1st Ave, and cheaper with a similar quality food as compared to the expensive, nice places in the East Village.  Service is extremely friendly and attentive.
Delivery fast and polite. Food, not so great. Chicken Tikka Masala was ok, a bit bland and lacking flavor. Veg Curry was ok. Veg Pakora delivered cold and lacked flavor. I wasn't alerted that each order arrived with rice, which is a plus I guess. The Chapati was good however..as simple as it should be, hot and yummy. Portions big and included extra sauces etc. The bill was a dollar extra on delivery...I found that strange.
This is my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn. The staff is so warm and accomodating - always a big smile to greet us when we enter. The food tastes so homemade and delicious - the dishes are always flavorful and spiced just right for us. My husband and I are both vegan, so to be able to easily dine out at a restaurant and know we have such delicious options is a huge comfort. The vegetable pakora is great, as is the chana masala (with no cream for us). We also love the indian beer they serve - hands down, Taj Mahal is our favorite. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves really wonderful and home-cooked Indian food.
Serviceable food, but the departures from the norm were not positives. Aloo paratha was a plain paratha, folded over on top of what seemed like the same potatoes that were in the chaat we had had for an appetizer, rather than being bread with potato filling in the layers. Saag paneer with extra dairy was extra-fancy; chicken tikka masala with extra dairy was merely bland. Bengan bharta had large slices of tomato in it: weird, and not a good addition. Bhindi bajji (with teensy, baby okra!) had nothing strange about it, but wasn't a crowd-pleaser. The onion kulcha and garlic naan were simply forgettable.Would I eat here again? Yes. Will I try to find a new Indian restaurant in the area? Absolutely
When we first walked into the restaurant we immediately smelled the enticing aroma of the food. And then the next couple who walked in commented on that as well. We had the veggie special--2 appetizers/soups, 2 veg entrees, and 2 desserts. We were recommended to get the lentil soup and it was amazing! They gave us two bowls! And we got the veg samosa which came with three pieces..and they were delishh. He also gave us a complimentary sweet potato (not sure) fritter and that was yummy. He got the chickpeas with potato and I got the spinach and cheese cubes. The entrees were honestly just OK. Minar in 47th st manhattan is better. For dessert we got the mango cottage cheese pudding. It was very good, except I don't like cottage cheese. Overall, it was a very filling and delicious dinner. All the veggies cancelled out the cheese and starchiness so I would say it was a healthy dinner haha. This place has EXCELLENT customer service. I would come here again :)
This place has delicious indian food that is affordable. We go here all the time and have never had a bad dish. Their vegetarian dishes are so good (especially the cauliflower one) and so are their tandoori and curry dishes. The service is impeccable and the take out is really fast.
Craving Indian...This is the spot.  Large portions, well seasoned, thick  and spicy sauce.  I recommend the chicken tikka.  The chicken madras was fiery and required additional naan bread.
Gonna keep it simple.  Not an admirer of Indian food for the most part, visited here due to companions.  Excellent service, food was pretty good, incessant bass beat of Bollywood music videos became a bit tiresome, but not unbearable.  Good portions of food and reasonable prices methinks, give it a go.
I have lived in the area for approx 14 years and have seen the area change for the better...as far as dining choices.I hope this one sticks around. This was my first foray into Indian cuisine and I loved it.I got suggestions from a Trini friend who has dined here often. We had the meal for 2 for $28...great for budget conscious diners.it included an appetizer,soup, entree and dessert for each person.You can't beat the price.We had the vindaloo chicken which is a very spicy sauce with basmati rice for the entree.it was great. The ambience is cool, owner/staff  is very friendly and accomodating. They explained the different sauces, breads, etc, which is very helpful if you've never tried Indian cuisine. Altogether, pleasant dining experience, I'll definitely be back.
I had a wonderful time at Joy a couple of weeks ago! The food was delicious, the service was great, so great that I decided to have them cater a party for me! Mohammad was super helpful in organizing everything, and they are super affordable and friendly. The saag paneer is melt in your mouth, its definitely worth checking out if  you are looking for delicious indian food in the park slope area!
Sadly since moving to BK, I haven't had much luck finding reliably tasty Indian/Pakistani without heading into Queens.  This restaurant satisfies my cravings and I am equally jazzed that it is in a neighborhood of limited restaurant variety.  Haven't ventured much beyond lamb in terms of meat but perhaps that is because regardless of the dish, they know how to infuse it with complex spices tender enough to leave you wanting more.  Their vegetable dishes can come in 'side orders' as well for less than entree price and are equally delicious.The price is right, the atmosphere is pleasant and yes clean!  The service is courteous and I am happy to make them a frequent stop for take out once a week or so.....
had my first visit here a few weeks ago.  i had the malai kofta, which is a favorite dish of mine - totally lame.my friends' dishes looked better - but, as they are all flesh eaters, i could only speculate. the service was great, so i'll give them another try.
Food is wonderful, by far the best Indian in Crown/Prospect Heights, Park Slope or Fort Greene.  Pros: Really good food.  Great Saag Paneer, Great lamb briyani.  Actually most things are excellent.Cons:  Pricey for neighborhood. (10-15 a plate, no significant lunch special) Decor has some weird misses.  It looks like they spent a lot of money but didn't get a cohesive look for their investment. (even a cohesive 2nd avenue indian decor look)  But it's comfortable, clean well lit and again nice people.  Also don't get the owner started on his financial woes--he will go into detail and prepared to be depressed and worried when you leave.  (Happened  once to me and once to a friend).
Joy is our favorite Indian Restaurant in the area.  The food is consistently good and the service is friendly and helpful.  It is my daughter's favorite place to go when she is in town.
We live 2 blocks away. The service is great they deliver and if you dine in it's byob. My girlfriend and I love the chicken tiki masala. (hope I spelled it right) we also love the service and smiles we see when dining in.
Somehow we managed to insult our waiter just moments after arriving. I think he didn't like that three of us ordered only two dishes (the nerve!). We watched the other tables being showered with free papadums and smiles while our interactions with the waiter slowly devolved into what felt like a dysfunctional family fight, rife with passive aggressive statements and cold shoulders. The food was great, especially the naan, but not worth the unhealthy relationship you have to enter into access it. Take out, anyone?
Having just moved into the neighborhood, I was thrilled to see there was an Indian restaurant around the corner.  Ive already ordered from them 3 times.  Most recently we dined in and we ordered a 2 person special.  The menu has a balance of sweet and savory items, and the staff is spot on with their recommendations.  I'd never seen banana pakora and coconut soup on any other Indian restaurant's menu, and the menu here is pretty extensive in all other areas as well.  Another plus is that they allow BYOB and there's a liquor store right next door!  Bollywood movies are playing on a plasma screen, which gives a fun ambience.  Also, it's spotlessly clean.
This place is great. I have tried every Indian place from Smith Street to Franklin and this is EASILY the best Indian I have had in Brooklyn. The reason I am not giving it 5 stars is that it's not the best Indian food I have ever had (um, Saravana Bhavan south Indian Thali - HOLLA!!!!!!!), but it is nonetheless very good. I think the difference between this place and the other places in Brooklyn, as well as some of the divey places on 6th street in Manhattan, is that they don't go completely bananas with oil or ghee. When food is to heavy that way, it kills my stomach and puts me off a place for good. Thanks for not making that mistake Bombay Masala!!
This is my go-to South Asian delivery option.  Everything is affordable and tastes great.  Try the chicken xacuti. It's a coconut milk and hot pepper based dish from the Portuguese part of India near Goa.  Yummo!
The best Indian food in the neighborhood. It's the only place my roommates and I order from and it's consistently AWESOME.
I ordered the 'special dinner for one' online which includes bread, pakora, another appetizer, soup, curry, and dessert. I didn't receive the pakora so I called them up, I spoke to one guy who insisted there was no pakora or dessert initially and he was pretty dismissive, so he handed off the phone to the manager. The manager did the same thing and said call beyondmenu, the application/website Joy's website uses for online ordering. My problem wasn't with the website, it was with them not taking responsibility for an inconsistency which I kind of paid for. I went to Joy because I knew the guy on the phone would repeat the same thing and not do anything. I told them that even if what's listed online is not what listed on their paper menus, that's not something I should be responsible for. If I paid for an item and I didn't receive it because on another menu it's not listed and that's the menu they follow, that's not my problem. The menu I used was on their website. The guy literally said the same thing over and over again; that I made a mistake, that you have to choose between samosas and pakora... untrue and literally proved so by the menu on their own website. In the end the guy took my samosa and gave me pakora? I can't deal with rude people very well so I'm pretty ~irked~.  I believe if I'd called and ordered Joy would be my new spot, but I don't really want to spend money somewhere where they're unnecessarily rude, inconsiderate, etc. I hate getting gypped and having my time wasted, but I'm bothered by unapologetic folks, especially when it didn't have to be a big deal. I'd rather not give Joy a bad review because they might get other bad reviews based on dumb things like how excellent their english might not have been, or how frustrated someone was by Joy not having butter chicken, idk, but here I am.
fair to decent Indian comfort food with actual friendliness and customer service (!) plus fabulously cheesy Bollywood on the flat screen.  They do a great Saag Paneer--it actually tastes like spinach.  They are in the process of getting a liquor license so if you like a pale ale with your curry, do take-out.
I always get the same things from this place when we order from here-- the chicken tikka masala, it's always delicious.  The only problem is that my favorite indian dish is malai kofta, and I've had it here twice and I really didn't like it.  I can't really comment on most of the menu because I didn't feel like experimenting after I was disappointed with the malai kofta.  However, whenever I want indian food in the area, it's the best place I've tried so far.
Easily one of my favorite Indian restaurants in the area. Having tried all of Zagat guide's favorite subcontinental eateries, I can honestly say that this little gem of a restaurant can keep up. And surpass, in fact, due to the gloriously sub-$10.00 entree prices. It's getting absurd that other Indian restaurants can (and do) charge upwards of $15.00 for a basic chicken tikka masala. The food here is delicious and the prices are from a past era when the world was more reasonable. Plus, their delivery radius is phenomenal. I'm in Clinton Hill and they don't bat an eye. And Thank God. I don't know what I'd do if I had to turn to Amin or Kinara.
This restaurant absolutely blew me away. The food was excellent as was the service. Seriously, this place is a complete gem! Also, the prices are reasonable. I just moved from DC where there are some great Indian restaurants. I'm so happy that I found another one here.
the girlfriend and i love this place. very tasty food and we don't have to go all the way to curry hill!  i'll even stop in here for the mango lassi on the go
It's twice that I've been to this restaurant already, and I'm just sorry I didn't review it the first time around!  The food is incredible!  The service is superb.  I love the decor, everything is super clean and seems to have been meticulously planned.  Most recently, I ordered Roti (Indian Bread) Cheese Nan, Lamb Kurma (I told the waiter I love lamb and was in the mood for something sweet), and my husband ordered Chicken Tikka Masala (which I, of course, tried myself).  Recommend EVERYTHING eaten!
My partner and I shared the vegetarian special for 2. Lots of food. If you're super hungry and can pack it in, you'd be able to finish your portion at the restaurant. However, we walked home with some leftovers. For 28 bucks, it's well worth the splurge.
I spent my most boring New Year's Eve ever here -- my girlfriend Andi and I decided to be radical and do NOTHING on New Year's Eve ... we went to our neighborhood Indian restaurant, which was empty, then went home & watched Angel Heart on TV.  Whenever we've gone to Joy since we reminisce.  Joy is a perfectly fine Indian restaurant.  There are no surprises here.  The food is good, the service is impeccable (always reminds me of White Teeth by Zadie Smith) and the prices are perfectly reasonable.  It doesn't have the twinkling lights of East 6th Street, but I'm glad it's here in the neighborhood.
Wow, I'm really surprised by the reviews for this place.  I've actually vowed not to go back, but perhaps I'll give it another try.  My husband's thali was pretty disappointing, and I couldn't even eat most of what I ordered which is really unusual for me.  I love Indian food, so I kind of wanted to cry after eating here.  Two stars for being the lone wolf.
My friends and I came here because we love Indian food and its BYOB. We were seated right away on a Friday night, which is great considering the other BYOB restaurants in the area had a long wait. The place itself is small and a typical Indian restaurant, with no special decorations and tvs playing Bollywood videos. We all ordered the $15.95 dinner special which comes with soup, appetizer, entree AND dessert!! I ordered the bhuna (sp?) for my entree and it was delicious. The meal comes with rice and a basket full of naan for everyone to share. My girlfriends and I were pleasantly satisfied with our meals. So yummy1 The only thing i didn't like was the dessert, but then again, I'm not a fan of Indian desserts. I would definitely come back to this restaurant next time i visit my friend in BK.
Joy has a reputation as one of the best Indian places in or near Park Slope, and it's been a staple in my delivery regimen for the past two years.Having acknowledged that, I have to say this place is slipping. Put plainly, the food just isn't that good. Over the past few weeks, I've had delivery and eaten in, and I haven't been impressed with the quality of the meat and vegetable ingredients or the complexity/flavor of the gravies. Recent examples include a way-too-sweet makhani and a not spicy and not tangy vindaloo with dried out chicken.The dining room is rather plain but charming in the evening with candlelight and white linens, but sadly the food just isn't that good. I we think we (and they) can do better.
It was a nasty, stormy night, and I had a craving for flavorful spicy food, so Indian sounded good. And delivery was a must. So we decided to try Joy Indian, since it's relatively close (less than 5 blocks away, should be quick delivery) and Yelpers gave it good reviews.We ordered the Vegetarian Special Dinner (for 2 people), and our selections were the mulligatawny(lentil) and the palaka (spinach, lentil) soups, the veg samosa and mixed veg pakora for apps, the chana aloo (chickpeas and potatoes) and baingan bhurta (baked eggplant with onions, tomatoes), and poori for bread. This meal comes with basmati rice and a little dish of firni (Indian rice pudding) for dessert. The soups were similar in flavor - both were creamy lentil soups, but the palaka had spinach in it, nicely spicy for me (too much for him). The apps were both fried - the samosas were ok, but didn't seem all that fresh, and I wasn't a fan of the pakora at all, just too much batter. The chana aloo and the baingan bhurta were flavorful and had a kick, but both were very greasy. In fact, there were little pools of orange grease sitting on top, ick. So between the 2 fried apps, the greasy entrees, and the poori, which is like a lightly fried flour tortilla, this was like a heart attack in a bag, delivered to my doorstep. I hadn't had Indian food for a while, and this was a reminder of how heavy it can be, even though I love the flavors. Overall, this was a lot of food, far more than we could eat, even though we were STARVING by the time it arrived, and here's why: it took 1 hour and 15 minutes for the food to arrive! Now remember, this place is less than 5 blocks away, so this, to me, was unacceptable. I know it was crappy weather, and maybe they were a little busy, but I placed the order at 9pm, so they should have told me that it was going to take more than 30-45 minutes, which is typically what I experience with most food I order from various spots around the hood. When I called at 9:45 to check on it, they said they were backed up and it would be another 10 minutes, but in reality, it was over 20 minutes later that the food arrived. I was a hungry, grumpy mess when the delivery guys rang the bell, but I tipped well because it was such a crappy night to be a delivery guy, so I felt bad for him. So I would give the food 3 stars because it was ok - not bad, not great, lots of food for the money, but I'm docking a star for what I felt was bad service. If we order from there again (big IF) and we have a better experience, I will certainly revise my review, but until then, I'm going with 2 stars.
Best Indian in my hood for sure, but maybe even the best in Brooklyn.  Fast delicious and polite!  Whats not to like!
we have visited this restaurant once, but get delivery from there all the time. this is one of my top indian restaurants, and i'm so thankful it's in our neighborhood. the staff are so friendly and the food is consistently delicious and delivered in a timely fashion.
wooooooo. cheap quality food? apparently this place mastered that concept. Once again the gf and i are out about. what do two Asian know about Indian food? Nothing! What we do know is good food!! We ordered the Dinner for 2 and everything that was included was delicious. The highlight to the dinner was probably the lamb curry. The lamb was tender and flavorful! If you live in prospect height aka the white people section of crown height, and you are interested in some cheap but quality Indian food give Bombay Masala a try!
No joy at Joy.  I just got back from a lousy meal at Joy.  The veggie dishes (esp. bindi bhaji) are terribly bland, flavorless crap.  I was quite taken aback by the rave reviews so I thought I gave it a try.  The service was ok. The price was ok.  The place was totally empty when we arrived.  I should've left then.  Worst yet, my dish was cooked with my friend's left-over sauce with more oil.  I was shocked!  Needless to say I won't be going back.
This place is not spectacular, but it's so nice to have even decent delivery in Bed-Stuy. I have had various meet and vegetarian dishes and have never been dissapointed. A little oily, but hey beggars (or restaurant-starved bed-stuy residents) can't be choosers!
The best Indian food I've had. And the staff is very very nice. Love this place!
this is a great neighborhood spot. The staff are always courteous and welcoming and the food is tasty and a good value. A little bland at times with the entrees, but still good overall. Always a pleasant experience.
This place is AMAZING. Any one  whos says other wise dosnt like indian food. I have eaten indian food all over the country and granted this is not the finest four star food, for the price it is absloutly phenomonel(i dont mind my spelling, you get it)The tandoori chicken if eaten in house is awesome. I will say the food is noticablly better when im there then when i get delivary though.
That moment when you bite into your delivered chicken malai and realize you have found the best Indian food in Brooklyn.Delivery is fast. Food was delivered hot. I got my entire meal for $12, despite seamless marking this place with three dollar signs. Uh, I don't know any place with an entree at less than $10! Yep, that's right, my chicken malai was $9.95 and included rice!A nice balance of spice with the sweetness of the coconut cream. It's so hard to find GOOD malai in NYC, but this might be the best I've found. I also ordered plain naan, which also arrived warm and extremely fluffy. For $1.95, you're paying for a full round of bread.I already can't wait for tomorrow when I can order again!
Ordered seamless from Joy and it was seriously fantastic. The delivery took 50 minutes but it was worth it! We tried the Tandoori Dinner for Two for 37 which was an absurd amount of food - 2 soups, 2 appetizers, an assortment of veggie pakora, 2 entrees, rice, naan and chutney. The meat samosas and the kebab appetizer we're some of the tastiest Indian appetizers I've ever had. The spices in each were great and the samosas were juicy and tasty yet not oily or greasy. Really just great!The mulligatawny soup was excellent, the coconut soup was NOT-so beware. It tasted like water essentially with shredded coconut in it...yikes.The main mishap was that our order came with only one entree and not two. Not a huge issue though as we called them up and they shortly brought over the missing chicken tikka masala. It was perfect! Rich, creamy, delicious. I will definitely order from Joy every time I need my Indian fix.
Great food, staff, and atmosphere.  We loved everything we ordered (the garlic naan, bindi bhajee, and Chana masala) it came out fast, and the prices are very good.The music videos on the big screen were pretty entertaining to watch as well :)This is our new neighborhood spot to go to for fresh Indian Cuisine.
Had the Paneer Tikka Masala and it was excellent. The sauce was rich and savory and it paired nicely with a side of Naan. My parents got the Tandoori Chicken and a sampler platter. The Tandoori Chicken was extremely tender and well seasoned. The sampler platter was good as well, one of the highlights being the Lamb Vindaloo. Some of the best Indian food I've had in my life!
I moved to Brooklyn from London, and was convinced I'd never have a good Indian meal again until I went back. So it was with low expectations and misvigings that I ordered from here. It's now become my go-to place and it's as good as any curry I had in London. I was a little surprised that they had beef on their menu, but the Beef Bhindi was particularly good.I get delivery most of the time, but have eaten in the restaurant a few times. The staff are super friendly, and the food is outstanding. Highly recommended.
There are a few Indian Restaurants around our neighborhood but this is our favorite.They gave us the biggest shrimps we've even seen! While the food is good, the price is standard for Indian food, the service is not the best. You can expect at least 40 minutes' wait for delivery. And they often get the orders wrong.We've ordered with missing dishes before (and had to wait another 20 mins for the missing dish to be delivered). When we do pick up, it's the same. They called to let us know that "food is ready", but when we entered to pick up the food, the man behind the counter told us to wait and they are preparing our order as fast as they can - while our order is sitting on the counter getting colder and colder by the second. Long story short, it was a mixed up and the man tried to make up a very lame excuse (even the delivery boy who was there couldn't control his laughter) and quickly threw in a mango lassi to pacify our anger (the mango lassi was really good, though). We will be coming back here again, sadly, as my husband loves the BIG shrimps and I love the Chana Saag and Nan Bread.
Absolutely horrible. I have a very serious nut allergy, and after ordering the Aloo Gobi (a dish I've ordered millions of times) I began to experience an allergic reaction. I asked the server if the dish had nuts, to which he nonchalantly replied that it had almonds and cashews. This information was not listed on the menu, nor were nuts listed on any part of the menu. The server then blamed me for the situation, telling me that it's my fault for not preemptively asking about nuts (even though I've never had an Aloo Gobi with nuts in my life). He then proceeded to bring me a disgusting and not comparable vegetable dish, without asking me what I would like instead. When the bill arrived, the server insisted on charging me for my food. When my friends and I argued that I shouldn't be charged since I was made sick by the food, the server proceeded to yell at us in the restaurant in front of the other customers, and declare that it was completely my fault for having a nut allergy. I've never experienced such terrible service in my life, particularly for such terrible food. Do NOT go here. The only good thing I could say about this restaurant is that it's located next to a store that sells Benadryl, which luckily helped with the allergic reaction I got from this terrible food.
Beware if you like Indian food...I had seen this restaurant for awhile and promised myself to go to it since we like Indian Food a lot. Unlike a review I saw earlier, the restaurant is small. Very modestly decorated however the waiter who met us was friendly enough. They don't serve alcohol so a glass of wine with dinner proved unable to be done. Looking over the menu, we ordered two familiar dishes, Panner Makhani and Bindi Bhajee. Being a veteran of some places that make food to spicy, I asked for both dishes to be mind and received an almost surprised response of "Of Course!"Imagine my own surprise to receive my bindi bhajee back so hot that I couldn't eat it. I tried to suffer through it, not wanting to complain. Finally though, I had to say something. The waiter to the dish back. Now, when I received the dish initially, the okra was crispy, not over cooked and the onions and tomatoes looked fresh. It had a very appealing look overall. When the dish came back (I was thinking they would make a whole new dish based upon the amount of spice in the dish) , it was clear that they had used the same okra, tomatoes and onions I had previously and rinsed off the spices. How I know is I have done the same thing at home if I made a spice mistake. ADDITIONALLY, and the reason for this review, they tried to cover the fact that the same dish was being brought out by adding SUGAR to the dish. SUGAR!What was worse if they didn't think I'd notice. I suffered through a couple of more bites and finally gave up. There was no reason to complain because our first complaint only made things worse. The Paneer Makhani was thick, overly tomato sauced based and you guessed it...FILLED WITH SUGAR. It was like we we out for dessert. Avoid this restaurant if you truly enjoy and know Indian Cuisine.
The chicken tikka masala here is not like others that I've had. It's very VERY sweet. The garlic naan also doesn't taste like naan.  All in all it wasn't horrible, but I wouldn't order again unless I had no other options for Indian food.
Best indian food on Franklin Ave. The service dining in was awesome.
This review is a few years late. I have been going to this restaurant since they first opened. I enjoy the food, atmosphere, workers and owner. I decided to have a 30th birthday and asked if I could have it there. They were so wonderful to accommodate my request. I had my birthday in their back yard. My boyfriend and sister took care of all the decorations and setup in the backyard. They food they served was amazing and a few of my quest never had Indian food but Bombay made them a believer as to how great the food is. I no longer live in the area but I always travel back to visit and eat. They made us feel like family! If you live in the area or just visiting having lunch or dinner at Bombay will add to your day.
I had one of my most delicious Indian meals here! Ordered the Chana Alu Ponir, Bhindi Bajee, Tandoori chicken and Poori.  The sweet, savory spices came together beautifully in my mouth.  When it comes to flavor, this place doesn't disappoint.  Try it and you'll be very pleased.  The only reason I'm not giving a five star is that I was served Chana Alu, although I ordered Chana Alu Ponir.
Food is fantastic. Delivery guy was beyond rude and a jerk. He said, "It took me one hour to get here from Franklin Ave. Where is my tip?" I was like, "That is something you should bring up with your manager not to me if you feel this distance is too far and my location shouldn't be within the delivery map but it is, so thank you for my food. Have a good one. Also, I tipped you 15% on my Seamless account.He continued to mumble on and on about 1 hour to get here. Never have I had a delivery man be so blatantly rude and ask for more tip. Furthermore, I placed my order at 5:40pm on Seamless and he called at 6:30pm. Do the math.
Food is okay. The place is a little lonely. There's only one server and he's eating infront of the counter register while we're waiting for our food to be served
DELIVERY13 minutes earlyDelivery biker polite and efficient, followed instructions PACKAGINGWarm with no spillsMEALNaan / Peshwari naan: Fluffy and delightfully chewy but peshwari lacked coconut and raisins, mostly bits almondsKurma w/ vegetables: Creamy and satisfying, though the vegetables had the texture of being frozen instead of freshShahi Panir: Acceptable according to paneer addictFirma: Bright orange, tasted strongly of rosewater, reminded me of grandma's houseOVERALLEdible and pleasant, but I likely won't order from here again as they don't have what I specifically want from Indian takeout. Good restaurant, just not to my tastes.
I would've been depressed about ordering the "Special Dinner for One" on a Saturday night, but that's not nearly the most pathetic thing about my life.Also, it was damn good. Sure, they forgot my bhuzia, but $16 (plus tax & tip) for lamb curry (with basmati rice), a pint of mulligatawny, a couple meat samosas, naan and all the little sauces...you could do a lot worse. You could be sitting at home, alone, on a Saturday night WITHOUT any deliciously tender lamb curry.
I usually order a mango lassi and the channa masala. Both are amazing. The service is prompt and pleasant. Joy Indian is my favorite Indian restaurant in BK.
Some of the most flavourful Indian food in NY, and the service is excellent. It doesn't seem very well known because there's always plenty of seating available.
Terrible delivery experience. The guy arrived 15 min late (eta was 45-60), and he called while still coming down the street though on the phone he said he was "here," which I had taken to mean my door. He wouldn't come up my steps so I had to walk down to the street (barefoot, mind you, because I was expecting actual delivery service) to meet him. Because of all this I gave him a 10% cash tip, and he had the NERVE to tell me to give him more money! He kept saying, "Very very distance!" over and over again, which I'm taking to mean he felt he came a long way. (I'm in the restaurant's delivery radius, soo...?) I said "sorry" as I walked away, but in hindsight I wish I hadn't apologized to him. Curry was only okay. Rice was dry. Naan was too doughy.I definitely won't be ordering from here again.
I was very disappointed after seeing such high reviews for this place. I ordered a cheese nan as well as a coconut one and both where so lacking in the aforementioned ingredients. It was basically dry nan with a tad bit of flavor. Very disappointed and won't be ordering from here again.
the food was decent, but the staff was offensively rude. i almost never complain about service but my experience here on a recent weekend was so spectacularly bad that i feel compelled to say something.one of the waiters, an older gentleman, was lovely. the other, younger waiter shouted demands at me all night, like "fork! knife!" when he wanted me to remove them off a plate he was about to take. (and there wasn't a language barrier.) when i asked him to box up the leftovers, he sneered: "you want to take that home?! that tiny amount?!" "yes," i said. "i want to have it for lunch tomorrow." (i don't know why i felt the need to explain myself.) he gave me a truly disgusted look then took the food away.none of this alone would have been enough to turn me off for good. but then, when it came time to pay, management inexplicably refused to let me use a gift certificate that had been purchased not even two weeks earlier. saying simply, "we don't take them anymore." the prices on the bill were also inflated from those on the menu. it's a shame; i'm always looking for good indian in the neighborhood, and would have returned. i'll certainly never go back now.
Haven't eaten at the restaurant yet but we've ordered delivery several times and it's been good every time. We usually get a mixture of different things, their soups are great or the mango milkshake is awesome! They give plenty of rice with the meal. The saag paneer is a little sweet, but I liked it.
I took my mom and family of 7 here for her birthday and we had a fantastic time. That staff was super attentive, friendly and offered a lot of advice. The food was amazing as well as presentation. We did dinners for two x3 so we could have a family style feast and had to take food home it was so much food. I will definitely back not to mention they played and sang happy birthday to my mom and brought desert for all of us. Although I have always loved Indian food my family is now a fan as well. My youngest sister who barely eats whenever we go out actually ate more than everyone so that says a lot for this place. The ambiance is very eccentric, in the sense that it fells like you're at a party or celebration, which was nice, the big screens featuring Bollywood movies and dances was nice to watch if you've never seen it and my parents were mesmerized by it. Go and you will not be disappointed. Parking was also very easy to find and I hear they deliver!
I love this place. We order at least once a week. Very reasonably priced. We often get the lamb dishes. Staff are very friendly. Have never had a bad meal....
Very Good Indian food at a decent price. Now my review may be biased because I love Indian food and was starving when I stumbled into this place, but you can not argue with the reasonable prices and the fact that I was full when I left. I of course ordered my favorite dish (which is also what I consider to be a true test of an Indian restaurant) Chicken Tikka Masala and it passed my taste test with flying colors. The person I dined with enjoyed their Chana Masala also. The services was also fast and good (on a Saturday night), and the staff was attentive. My only minor complaint about this place is that the Mango Lassi was a little to mango-y with not enough Lassi (in my opinion). Ohh yah and one more complaint is that they must have assumed that we loved sitting in their establishment and had nothing to do the rest of the night because, after we finished and they took away our food they took FOREVER to bring us the check.
Grabbed some food to go from this place the other night.  On getting home, discovered that they had hooked us up with way more food than we thought we were getting (definitely more than what we paid for)!  Two days later and I'm still working my way through the delicious leftovers.
Another place that I've only order delivery from, but I love it!  The food is relatively quick to arrive and priced well.  We usually split an appetizer and end up so stuffed we can't finish our main dishes!  Great tikka masala and vegetarian dishes as well.
I love Indian Food and I think the food here is great! Waiters are friendly, dishes are well priced, ample and delicious. These guys should get themselves on menupages.com!
Higher rating for being of the few places that will deliver to me. Sometimes a little on the greasy side, but very tasty, and very friendly staff.
Best Indian Food I've had in Park Slope so far. Tried this place for the first time last night and I will definitely be back. The Aloo Motor Gobi was to die for, and the samosas have a really awesome spicy kick to them. I ordered delivery the other day, and not only was the guy on the phone really pleasant even the delivery guy I felt was nicer than usual. Great place!
I ordered from here yesterday slightly skeptical because I love Indian food but I've tried enough places in Brooklyn to know not to get my hopes up for authentic and flavorful tasting Indian food. Nonetheless, I decided to give them a try and Bombay truly didn't disappoint me. I ordered 4 different things and everything was completely amazing except for the soup. I'm still giving 5 stars even though I ended up throwing the soup away because I figure it was just my personal taste. The lamb shaag curry was EVERYTHING. It was beyond flavorful with the perfect amount of spice. The Bombay Liver was also completely awesome. I'll definitely be ordering from here again.
I've searched high and low for decent Indian food nearby, so I'm very happy to have stumbled upon Joy. My favorite dishes are the chana saag, saag paneer, and the chicken tikka masala. The naan, poori, and papadom are all delicious and fresh. And their basmati is fragrant and soft.I've ordered takeout, which arrives quickly, and have eaten in the restaurant, which is also fun. There is a large screen television playing Bollywood music videos at a low volume. It is a clean, mostly spare spot, with two colorfully lit Christmas trees in the front. The single bathroom is a spare, unisex option.The servers are patient and friendly, and even treated our large party to servings of mango and pistachio cardamom ice cream at the end of the meal. And it's BYOB!
Service: I dined in here with my boyfriend yesterday and the service was awful. It took our waiter 30 minutes to serve our wine after ordering... we waited almost an hour for our food to arrive and they completely FORGET OUR APPETIZER. Our main course arrives 45min in... After pointing that out, our server gives us a blank stare, looks at his pad, and says, "oh" and walks away............ I was so close to canceling that order, which I wish I did because it wasn't even that good. The cherry on top was that no one had the audacity to at least SOUND somewhat apologetic or even cut us some slack on the bill, nothing. Food: Not going to lie, the Naan was on point, soft and crispy. BUT my main dish, the Dal Masala: was definitely undercooked. The lentils were still hard. The flavor was a bit heavy and sweet, it was okay. The Rice: we had to dig for our spoon which was entirely buried in the rice (wish I took a photo). The Veggie Mix Platter: our forgotten appetizer) was not worth it at all. First off, we were full by the time it arrived, and secondly the flavors were off and dull, and it was poorly presented. Not to mention, hours later my boyfriend and I had weird stomach aches.. wonder what that could be?! Honestly, not the best first impression overall. ***If you want good quality Indian food, and excellent service, go to Queens!
Always love their veg samosas,crab and shrimp curry. Great portion and good price for lunch specials! They make the dishes spicy as per request and always tastes delicious!
I didn't actually dine in to see the restaurant, but I ordered from Grub Hub. It was a big plus that delivery was 20 minutes faster than expected and I ordered at around 11pm. I don't know how I feel about the food to be completely honest. I ordered the saag paneer and it was "okay." I felt like it didn't have as much flavor as I would have liked and I bit on a flower (?) like item in the saag too which was strange. I probably would go for something else on the menu if you are a big fan of saag paneer. The naan was also "meh." I have had worst naan before, but I think I've been spoiled with delicious/ melt-in-your-mouth indian food before. The order came with rice and some peas and carrots on top of the rice. That was a really nice surprise! For the saag and 2 naan breads it came out to be around $15 (without delivery tip). I don't think I'll order from this place again, just because there are so many indian restaurants in New York, and I rather find others!
We were in the mood for Indian and wanted to stay in Brooklyn and found this Indian restaurant. I had the "Bombay Special Dinner for One Person Dinner Special" which comes with a choice of one appetizer, one soup, one main dish from curry specialties & one dessert for $15.95I chose the vegetable samosa for appetizer, mulligatawny for soup, lamb curry for main dish and firni an Indian rice pudding with rose flavor for dessert. My dining companion had the Vegetarian Thali, which is a dish that comes with 4 different small vegetarian dishes. We also ordered the Mango lassi, which is a blend of mango and yogurt drink and I highly recommend ordering that. The vegetable samosa is like a fried dumpling with some sort of filling inside that is pretty good. The soup had a very unique taste and I enjoyed it. The lamb curry was good, but I think chicken curry would've tasted better because lamb meat is a bit harsh.  And lastly, the ambience is pretty nice and so is the good service.
Top notch Indian food. We've been there frequently and have gotten the Tandoori Dinner for two. Delicious mulligatawny soup. Yummy meat and vegetable samosas and fresh naan. Chicken Tina masala is really tasty as it the lamb rogan josh and chicken korma. All in all a great meal. Service is super friendly. My kids love it too.
Ordered at 7:27, it's now 10pm and no food.  I could have walked over there and cooked it myself.  Seamless "said" delivery around 8:05.  I started calling at 8:45pm, no answer after 10+ tries... finally got someone at 9:15 "you should wait it's on it's way".  At 9:45 after 10+ tries again, let me get your number and i'll call you back.  10pm, no callback, and no one is answering.  Now i'm on hold with seamless to find a way to get a refund.  Not a good night, starving and will now not get dinner in any way because it's too late to order.  This was the worst experience with delivery i've EVER been through.  DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE(UPDATE: MY FOOD NEVER CAME - SPOKE TO THEM 3 TIMES AND THEY ASSURED ME ON IT"S WAY AND EVEN TOOK MY NUMBER)
Delivery took forever and when you call the place they don't pick up. Food was decent so it was unfortunate the service was so slow.
Bombay was some of the best Indian food I've ever had and I can't say enough about the service! We ordered vegetable samosas that had an amazing creamy, potato filling. The chicken tikka was served on a hot plate, cheese roti was very good. The dish that blew me away was the Sag Panir. It was mousse like and slightly sweet, I have never had it prepared like that and it was INCREDIBLE! At the end of our meal I asked about a dessert I had tried once and the waiter was so kind that he got us two portions to try! Definitely try Bombay
4.5 stars!Everyone here is very nice and the food is DELICIOUS.go. go. go and get the meal for 2. so much food, and it's ALL delicious (the dhan shag is incredible). the only thing i would change would perhaps be the looped video of pop indian music videos... it's quite odd and distracting, haha. But, to each is own- I will be back!
The food here is always very good. They have a great 50% Off special for lunch, which I took advantage of many times. The service is mediocre, and they've had some issues with their health ratings in the past, but overall the reason I came was for a cheap and tasty lunch with a friend.
I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and it was just way too sweet. Tasted more like tomato paste and not enough masala flavor. They give nice portions though.
Consistently good. Nothing gourmet but very reasonably priced.
Ordered through seamless. If you want cold, burnt food that is over an hour late from it's latest delivery time this is the perfect place to order from. If you want to be placed on hold for 5 minutes wanting to know where your order is only to be ignored and have to call back then order from here. The food was okay at best after a quick zap in the microwave.
Yummy and budget-friendly Indian food.  Great for take-out but even better when you sit for dinner. Every classic on the menu when an extensive naan flavor variety.
This was my first Indian takeaway since I moved to NYC and it did not disappoint. I had vegetable pakora, vegetable korma, special pillow and a naan with mango chutney. Simple dishes that were executed brilliantly. The korma wasn't overly sweet which was a big plus, creamy with a very delicate spicy warmth. The veggies felt fresh and cooked perfectly. The vegetable pakoras were delicious, a good mix and not too oily as they so often are. Also the delivery man was so so nice and really put a smile on my face. I'll definitely be back!
Lovely decor. Out of all the Indian places, they have the clearest TV for you get lost watching their music videos. I came here only to pick up and was well treated. The owner had really good recs on food. Aside from our usual chicken makharni, I ended up getting the tandoori mixed grill as well as the lamb malai. I got a free mango lassi while waiting.All of our dishes came out great. The malai and Makharni sauces were rich and creamy. Basmit rices were plentiful, well cooked. They give excellent portions. 3 days later, we were still eating leftovers.
The food was great. Went for an early dinner the owner; I am assuming, was super friendly. I would go again. I love Chicken Marsala and the Samosa. The price is very affordable.
This is one of the better Indian places in Park Slope. I order from here all the time and food is delicious and consistent. Delivery is speedy as well. I've had the chicken tikka masala, lamb curry, and chicken tandoori which are all very tasty and flavorful.  When I had ordered a takeout they were nice enough to offer me a glass of mango lassi while I waited. Not only is the food delicious, but also prices are reasonable and competitive here, compared to others in the area.
Awful customer service. Called to ask about my order. Claimed to have no record. Not nice about it. Charged me $53 - now I have to track down this charge and somehow get dinner late at night after I've been waiting. We've ordered from this restaurant through Yelp before and had no issues. Don't know why they did tonight, but that's a lot of money to lose and a lot of time to just leave us hanging.
Why does this place have an average of four stars? I'm so tired of garbage Indian places getting 4-stars just because you haven't eaten better Indian food. Tasteless chicken dishes, gamey lamb preparations and the spice content is abominable with hardly any fresh spices or flavors. Everything tastes the bloody same. It is sweet. Their use of tomato is out of control. The meat they use is bland and tasteless. Their menu is just like the million other sad Indian places around here.  Again, why the abuse of tomato sauce in everything? Do these people know that the use of tomato in the food is supposed to be minimal? It is supposed to thicken the gravy and that is it. If you put butter and tomato in every bloody thing, it will taste the same. Disgusting!
I can't give a zero stars here or else would have given it. I am still wondering where on earth the food served here belong to Indian food......  (That's pretty much enuf to review this place)Chat served is disgusting with horrible lettuce pieces  (can't even describe more)Not sure how it got 345 reviews with 4 star rating. The people who ate and reviewed might have never tried the actual Indian food. For my indian friends -- Kindly avoid this place. I think eating a 5$ subway sandwich is a better choice. Try at your own risk
Amazing people amazing service and yes amazing fresh food! Thank you for fantastic fresh dal with tadka of crispy veggies, crispy aloo gobi and butter naan! And yes I loved the rice pudding, icing on the cake!! Delicious trip to Bombay masala!!! I bought 2 beers for the 2 guys there and left them back there intentionally!! beer is on me Bombay masala, love you guys!
Have to say customer service was just amazing. My food came out way too spicy and they took it back without me asking and made a new one.Food was very good too. Def coming back!! Thank you so much :)
I wish I could review the food that I ordered more than 90 minutes ago, but it hasn't arrived. When I called to inquire, I was met not with an apology or an accommodation, but with rudeness and hostility. As a result, I am writing this review based on abysmal service and responsiveness, alone. If you're hungry, don't do it.UPDATE: the food came about 2 hours after ordering. It was tasty enough, but very oily and incomplete.
I've been here many times and introduced many friends to Joy.The food is *always* delicious. I recommend many orders of the naan. The restaurant is great about accommodating groups. That's not to say you shouldn't make a reservation. I have seen the restaurant get full.
I've been eating in and taking out from Joy Indian for years. The in restaurant service is always great. Very friendly staff often bring me complimentary tea while I wait for my food to be ready.Tonight we ordered delivery. It arrived quickly and was hot! The food is always delicious. We had the shrimp saag, onion bhujia, shahi ponir, and naan. It was SO GOOD!I totally recommend this restaurant. I've eaten lots of Indian food, in many different cities and countries and this is truly one of the best!Enjoy.
This place is wonderful! My boyfriend and I live in the area and have been ordering takeout from Joy over the past two years. We've tried other Indian places, but this is the best we've had. Recently we've been going into the restaurant on a somewhat regular basis and have really enjoyed our experiences. The staff is a delight. We like the Tandoori Dinner for Two, great portions so we always leave with leftovers! Plus, this place is BYOB!
I had a great meal here last night - the perfect set up for a date night of dinner and movie (at BAM)  My husband and I got the tandoori dinner - two apps, two entrees, rice, naan and tiny scoop of ice cream for dessert.  We both got mango lassis and I think the whole meal was $56 with tip.  Its a great value for a tremendous amount of food.  The food was delicious and flavorful - my husband's chicken tikka masala was so good!The service was excellent - great waitstaff - attentive but not too much.I will definitely return.
This place is me. Everything about it is great and it doesn't have to try hard to have fancy things to show that! The food! Well I've only ordered one item on multiple occasions so I can only recommend the mixed Tali. I've ordered from them multiple times before going in to their restaurant but I definitely tried them for the first time on my bday for a late lunch. Their music had me moving and their seating wasn't too crowded but there were other intrigued parties in the room. Nice neighborhood spot!
Absolutely the best. I had ordered for my husband and my family. Everyone had nothing to say because the food was so good. My mother in-law had never had Indian cuisine before, and she was blown away with everything. My brother in-law said the lamb was so tender. My boys love the samosas and the naan were just the right touch with the spinach and lentil veggies.My husband asked me when are we going to have your food again. I will be ordering again, thank you.
Best Indian in the neighborhood. We've been eating at joy for 5+ years and have never (not once) had a bad experience. When we lived closer we ordered delivery from them at least 3 times per month. Now that we've moved to south slope, we still make the trek for their awesome food. Our favorites are chicken tikka (& chicken tikka masala), Chana saag, Chana masala, masala dal, aloo motor gobi, samosas, and the curries are great too. Dishes are served family style with unlimited rice so it's a great place to go with a group.The service is excellent - the servers always have a smile on their face and seem genuinely happy you're there. Bonus: they play amazing Bollywood movies that keep the kids transfixed. Don't wait, go to Joy.
Never in my life have I written a negative Yelp review, but felt compelled to share the AWFUL experience I had there recently.  My friend had a severe allergic reaction to the nuts in her food that were NOT LABELED on the menu. She calmly asked for an alternative option without nuts, and they were immediately aggressive and defensive, yelling at us in front of the entire restaurant. We could not believe the treatment we received. Horrible, horrible, horrible service, and the food was not even worth the trouble we went through. If this review prevents at least even one person from suffering through this terrible restaurant, then I have done my job.
Love this place! The food is ALWAYS delicious and fresh. I've only dined here for lunch and during a Sat or Sun and it's never busy (don't let that fool you into thinking it isn't good, however!).My faves are the onion fritters which pair well with the sauces and onions they serve. Big fan of their Tandoor Shrimp Masala. Recently had the lamb in Garlic Curry/Sauce and it was great too.The dinning area feels like a general restaurant. Lime green paint is interesting and some minimal wall decor. Not the fanciest place for dinner, but if you're after a good meal, certainly the right place.
My friend's sister birthday request was for an Indian restaurant. Of course, my usual selection would probably be in the Curry Hill area on the East side but we were in Brooklyn. Prospect Heights to be exact and unfamiliar territory. We found Joy along the busy corridor of Flatbush Ave with lots of happy eaters inside so decided to give Joy a try. The casual restaurant but plain decor was an open room with tables and a small bar in the back. The restaurant was quite full and they politely asked two of the patrons if they would mind moving to a two top table for our group of six. The couple didn't have any issues and we graciously thank them. The menu had the usual selection of popular Indian selections and some that I haven't seen before therefore it is an automatic must try.The table ordered some usual favorites and some new like Samosas to start and Chicken Tikka Masala, Gobi Bhajee, Saag Paneer and Shagoti with lamb. Samosas was crispy without being to oily. Plenty of flavor and a slight heat afterwards. The Tikka Masala was a bit sweeter than I'm use to with a tangy tomato sauce. I always enjoy the Gobi(Cauliflower). I think the standout of the dishes was the Shagoti which the table agreed was very good. It had a slight heat, the lamb was tender and not gamey. The sauce was great not only for mopping but with the rice. The portions we thought was a bit on a smallish side but was still more than adequate for the table. I think if we were a bit hungrier we'd need to add one additional dish.I think when in the area this certainly will satisfy anyone craving Indian cuisine without taking the 5 train to the city. Joy Indian left us happy and ready for some after dinner fun in the neighborhood.
I know all of the good Indian food places are primarily in Queens, but we didn't want to travel far and selected this Indian place, who would of thought there would be an Indian place in the middle of Crown Heights.  This place is quite interesting, they have a large TV playing Indian songs, the tables are set up with decor which looks like many Indian restaurants I have seen.  Now to the food:Mango lassi - it was a little sour but still good, felt very fresh, but it was $3 for a tall glass.  Vegetable thali included:RiceNaanCurry potato with peasCurry vegetablesShredded cucumber in yogurt like sauceSpinach with chick peasThis is enough to fill you up, even for big eaters, it's a decent size amount of food.  The only thing I didn't like was the shredded cucumber in yogurt like sauce, it tasted funny.  My baby ordered the bombay dinner for one.  At the end, they were very nice and gave us two deserts when her entree was for one person.  The service was good, as they checked up on us quite often to see if we were okay and filled our water frequently. For those Brooklynites who don't want to travel far, it's definitely worth a try.
Great staff, food, atmosphere! First time, here I really enjoyed the food.I love Indian and was looking for a place nearby.Got the classic nan and chicken Marsala.Could of had more spice.Indian beer was great!!
My neighborhood take-out go-to: try the Veggie Samosa, Chana Saag, or Chicken Tandoori. I've been coming here for years and the quality had never been less than stellar.
The food from Joy is decent. Not outstanding, but not bad. BUT: good luck getting it delivered before you give up and order again from somewhere else. I made the mistake of ordering from them for a second time (via Seamless) and will never, ever, do so again. Delivery estimate was 30-40 minutes. Both times. And both times the actual time was 1 hour 45 minutes or more. And the kicker is that if you call, it is either busy (seems intentional, considering how consistently this is the case) or they hang up on you. So you can't even cancel the damn order.
The #1 joy about Joy Indian Restaurant is that our waiter spoke excellent English and helped us as best he could to find menu items that are vegan or that can be made vegan. Still, we made two mistakes. The mulugatawny soup is delicious and dairy-free but has some chicken. In the Vegetarian Thali, the motor panir has cheese and came with raita (yogurt). The waiter graciously replaced it with a tasty eggplant dish--SO nice!The other items in the Vegetarian Thali were perfect, and mild like we asked: chana shaag (chickpeas, spinach, spiced sauce) and alu moto gobi (potatoes, peas, cauliflower, spiced sauce). The basmati pilaf (rice) was flavorful and fluffy and the poori (bread) was fresh and light. We also had Chef's Special Vegetable Delight (marinated grilled mixed veggies in almond sauce), yummy. The portions were generous, enough for dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow.On the gorgeous September day we were there, the front doors were open to the street. The TV on the back wall played pleasant Bollywood music videos. The restaurant is very clean, with nice decor and a friendly ambiance, but it's small and tables are close together, and the waitstaff stands very nearby, so there isn't a feeling of much privacy.As we finished our meal we chatted with our waiter and he gave us a tip when eating Indian: specify each English word for ingredients in the dairy category (cheese, yogurt, milk, cream, butter, ghee).
I can always count on Joy to deliver fast and delicious Indian food to my apartment. I recommend their chicken biriyani, saag paneer, chicken tikka masala, samosas...the list goes on and on. Last fall when I was looking for a place to have dinner with some friends, I decided to take everyone to Joy. I had never eaten in the restaurant before but I knew it was a bit of a hole in the wall. To no one's surprise the place was pretty quiet with the exception of the Bollywood movies playing the background which made it the perfect setting for a large boisterous dinner. We had lots of plates to share, the service was incredible - one obvious perk of being the only people in the restaurant. And the best part is Joy is BYOB. I have yet to go to another restaurant in this neighborhood that lets you bring your own booze and uncorks it for free. The whole place, the waiters, the food was charming. It was a delicious, happy evening for everyone. Thanks Joy!
THEY RE-USE FOOD!!I order the chicken tikka masala & the vegetable samosas. The samosas were bland and the chicken was much sweeter than I am used to. That being said, the jasmine rice that came had pieces of fried coating and was clearly old. I ate my chicken with naan so I didn't open the rice until after I finished eating.It looked like they served this rice before and just re-used the scraps. Soooo disgusting.
Delicious halal indian cuisine in Brooklyn! A must stoop for the lovers of south Asian flavors and spices. The lamb korma and butter chicken are my favorite, always served with basmati rice. The garlic non is acceptable. Great mango lassi and a defenetally 5 start think are the papadoun (I don't know how to write that) to snack with the 3 sauces, wile you wait for your food...Plus, the place is halal and looks always clean and elegant! Love it!
The food is fine... the flavor was a little bit different than what I was used to. We ordered a Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Vindaloo, and Shag Paneer (spinach & cottage cheese curry). I thought the Chicken Tikka Masala was really buttery; I mean, it says so in the menu but I felt like you could actually taste the melted butter and not in a good way. The waiters are polite but service wasn't that great. We had to ask them like 5 times to give us a glass with ice. I finally put my glass in the guy's hand and he never came back. Then it was weird because my friend ordered 2 curries and the guy turned to me and I ordered the Shag Paneer.... but we only got 2 and we had to ask what happened to our other curry and it seemed like he thought we decided to cancel one of our curries but that definitely didn't even remotely happen. We distinctly ordered 3 curries... It was fine but I don't think I would be rushing back any time soon, esp since I'm not from NY and visit occasionally.
Really great Indian food at an excellent price and wonderful customer service. I ate there last night with a group of four others and we shared everything. Good sized portions and everyone loved each dish. My favorites were the Chana saag and Mala kofta. I would definitely go back!
Great food...really tasty and goodService can be horrible though.  I typically order pickup or delivery and nearly every time they mess it up.  Seamless pickup...they try and stall by asking you for your confirmation order, and even when you have it they have no idea where your order is.  Delivery...after waiting longer than you should, you'll call and they will say it's on the way...and then they will say that again...and then once more, and then you'll end up hungry waiting outside your door hoping to see the delivery guy...Get your stuff together, I like your food hate your service
Delicious and affordable food.  The lunch special is particularly attractive.  Fun atmosphere and great customer service.  Great for vegetarians - the veggie curry is delicious!
Finally got to experience Joy and it was just that, a joy..... is how I was thinking of starting my review but that sounds so so bad. Let me get a second chance.Joy is good! That's better. Lets be honest, you did not expect that. I think I've found my new go to Indian place in my neck of the woods, sorry Bombay. When I ask for spicy, I don't want you to hold back. These guys don't hold back. I kept asking the waiter to bring over the water until he got fed up and just left the pitcher. That's a win in my book. When free water is a win, I'm either easily pleased or have set my expectations very low. Friendly staff. The food does take awhile and it wasn't the busiest, though I see they do a lot of take out and delivery. Standard Indian dishes, but done real well. Hit them up.
I was in the mood for indian one lazy Monday, so I decided to go ahead and order from here. Now, here's the thing: I'm Indian, so I love authentic Indian food, but I always end up ordering Chicken Tikka Masala. And I don't even care, I'll order it till the day I die because its so damn good. So I had an order of Chicken Tikka Masala (asked for it to be spicy), garlic naan, and it comes with some rice for around $17. A bit expensive, but that's the price of laziness. The chicken tikka masala was good, not as spicy as I wanted it, but it was still pretty good. Had a thin layer of oil on top which would either disgust you or make you drool depending on your preferences. The naan was soft, garlic-y, fresh and hot, and amazing, because I'm convinced that naan is the best kind of bread in the world. Rice is rice so no opinion there. Overall it was pretty good, the decor inside is in a nice middle ground of fancy and non....fancy. Good place, a bit pricey for me, but food was pretty good. Maybe next time, I'll try something other than the chicken tikka masala. just kidding.
Visited Bombay Masala for dinner on a Sunday night and thoroughly enjoyed the meal. I ordered the Chicken Tikka (boneless pieces of chicken cooked in the clay oven) along with a plain naan. The dish also came with a serving of rice.The chicken was flavorful, tender and was served on a bed of onions and other vegetables. There was about 15 pieces of chicken, a healthy serving. The naan was fresh and soft. Highly recommended!
Don't order from there. They lie to you about the delivery time multiple times. It will easily take over 1.5 hours to get your food, which is not even that good. The ruthless lying about delivery times is just very annoying.
I can't believe I waited this long to try out Bombay Masala. I love indian food I'm Trinidadian desent and Trinidad has a big indo-west indian population. The food are somewhat similar I order the saag aloo. It's basically curried spinach with potatoes it was soo  delicious the spices  was just right . I also ordered garlic naan bread naan bread is basically roti  that has yeast in it roti bread which was fresh and delicious. The vegetable samosas was good also not too oily or soggy. The establishment is not big but it's a cute cozy place with chandeliers and bollywood videos playing on a flat screen so you be entertained while waiting for your food. The waiters were polite and conscientious of us asking if we were okay and needed anything. I would recommend if your ever in Crown Heights to try Bombay  masala.
This use to be one of my favorite Indian restaurants.I ate curry chicken there yesterday.  The chicken was hard  and tasted like it was old chicken.  The nan and curry were fine.I will try their competitor Pearl which is just down the block.
By far my favorite Indian restaurant in the city. The food is always right on par and I've never had a bad meal here. One of my favorite things on the menu is the coconut poori. That with chicken tikka masala is the best hands down. It's BYOB which makes it even better. My boyfriend and I go here whenever we want Indian and it always hits the spot.
Great customer service! Very friendly! The food is awesome! I rarely leave a restaurant feeling full, but every time I eat here hunger is no longer an issue. Awesome!
I was having a craving for delicious Indian Foods and I live all the way in Georgetown Brooklyn by Canarsie.  Bombay Masala delivered my food to me. The food was absolutely delicious.  This restaurant is professional and courteous and did I mention the food was yummy especially the succulent tandoori chicken and chicken Tikka Masala.  The drive was 30-35 minutes and they extended the courtesy of delivering my food.  I definitely recommend them. I hope they consider delivering to me again because I will definitely order from them again.
Two of us got very serious FOOD POISONING from this restaurant several days ago. Our excruciating symptoms are persisting with no sign of relief after 48 hours. We will never ever risk eating from here again, and want to warn others not to either. Food poisoning results from extreme carelessness and irresponsibility, and there should be no excuse for it.
This place is SOLID. Will satisfy all of your South Asian food cravings. Butter chicken is simple and bomb.
Stopped by after a friend recommended it. Really great food, decent pricing and friendly staff.We ordered different appetizers but the one thing I loved was the minced meat samosa. I ordered the Chicken Shaag Curry and it was so savory! I normally wouldn't be able to finish the whole bowl but I did, along with naan and rice! I would have ordered the vindaloo but after trying one of their free apps that they offered and noticed how hot it was, I p*ssied out lol... and I normally love spicy food!We got some ice cream after our meal which was a pleasant surprise! I would definitely come back!PS their TV screens constantly play bollywood music videos and it's freaking awesome.
Absolutely DELICIOUS... I'm eating my takeout as I type this.... I walked in and felt like I was in India ...The decor is amazing!  ..The staff is so nice.  The best Indian food I have ever had... P.s. order from their website instead of grub hub ..eat 24 etc .....they take to much money from them !!!!  I will be returning for sure !
I've been eating at joy for a few years now and my experience with them is always 5 stars! From customer service , to the wonderful Bollywood music videos, to the delicious meal! I pretty much order the same thing every time I come here! I've recommended this place to all my friends and acquaintances. I love the shrimp guan ( coconut curry sauce ) cheese naan and vegetable samosa. Let's not forget the mango lassi
Great food. Service very warm and attentive. At the end we got complimentary rice pudding dessert. Definitely recommend. Especially veggie kofta and chicken tikka masala - perfectly tender and flavorful.
Found this little gem in Brooklyn by accident but it was the best thing that ever happened to us. The food is authentic Indian the atmosphere is  serene the first service is superb and prices are very reasonable you can't go wrong if you're ever in the Brooklyn area please check it out
I had the pleasure of eating here last night. Best Indian Food I've ever had!!!! The service was impeccable! very attentive, patient and warm. I got a real sense of authenticity and love from the entire establishment. The owner and their family made time to talk to my partner and I, sharing their philosophies of hope and gratitude. The best experience I've ever had while dinning out by far.  The venue is filled with beautiful adornment, the scent of fresh spices will enchant you and there is never a dull moment on the main screen showcasing some of Bollywood's finest stars. the family owned and ran restaurant will make you feel very welcomed and at peace as you journey through the menu savoring the myriad of delicious flavors; total sensory overload in the best way possible. I highly, highly recommend this place if you are seeking an authentic and Indian food experience. Thank you to Ahmed (?), Nupur(?) and the entire staff at Bombay Masala for a beautiful experience.
I came here primarily because it was BYOB and the other spot I was supposed to go was booked.The service is decent. The TV is incredibly loud and kind of distracting if you are facing it, however, you do get the pleasure of watching some Bollywood movies.Some of my friends enjoyed their meals (especially my friend who ordered Chicken Tikka), but I was disappointed with mine. I got Lamb Tikka, and the lamb was incredibly dry and tough. The standout was the garlic naan, which was fluffy and light. For the price, it was a great deal. I might come here again if I lived in the area, but I would suggest ordering some naan and going HAM on your own alcohol.
It was an OK experience. The service was terrible. 1- no one showed us to our table2- no one asked if we need a high chair3- didn't bring the bread and sauces as appetizers4- we had to wait for twenty minutes until someone came and took order5- and the waiter was rude.But the food was good.
Got take-out tonight. Ordered online and walked down. Small wait to get the food, but no biggie. Got home and we ate. Oh my oh my, I love Indian food, have been to India and enjoyed it for days on in, and this.... this was quite pleasant.*love*
DON'T DO IT.  SAVE YOUR MONEY AND YOUR STOMACH!  This was literally the worst Indian Food I've ever had.  I've eaten Indian food from coast to coast - from Portland, OR to Chicago, IL to about 10 different restaurants in Manhattan and Brooklyn, and this food was - hands down - the absolute worst representation of Indian I've found yet.  I've been to India and eaten both Southern and Northern cuisine.  One of my closest friends is Indian and I frequently eat at her mother's house.  So I've had both "home cooked" Indian and solid Indian from small places in the middle of America.  This was neither of the above.  We ordered 5 "main dishes", including the mixed vegetable curry dish, the chana shaag, vegetable biriyani, chicken tikka masala, and the okra.  We also ordered samosas as an appetizer and 4 mango lassis.  I will tell you exactly what the four of us actually "ate" for dinner:  the white rice that came with the food, 3 of the four samosas, the mango lassis and the naan.  Yep.  That's it.  The rest of the food had a 1/2 inch layer of grease sitting on top of it and - even when I tried to cut through the fat and choke a bit down - was disgustingly underwhelming.  I called the restaurant and told them I would bring back all of the uneaten food to get a refund, and explained that the grease was far too much to even consume the food, and they said "that's how Indian food is."  I then explained that I eat Indian ALL THE TIME and have never had it shrouded in a cloud of grease and his response was:  "I didn't say that's how other Indian food is - I said that's how OUR indian food is."  So there you have it.  If you want disgusting, grease-laden Indian food - because the manager has indicated that that is how "theirs" is at Bombay Masala - order to your heart's content.  If not, I'd check out another Indian spot in Brooklyn.  ANY.  OTHER.  INDIAN.  SPOT.  IN. BROOKLYN.
We walked in and we're taking our time with the menu. I guess it looked like we never had had Indian food before, because the owner walked over and asked if we eat meat or not. He then proceeded to order our food for us and it was amazing! Definitely get the fritters, vegetable samosa, Chana masala, and rice pudding. $30 dinner for 2 is a amazing value for amazing Indian food.
ny new go-to indian restaurant in brooklyn after court st closed down. vindaloo just as you ask for it (for me about a 6-7 on a scale of 10), chicken tandoori, poori, all good.
The staff is very friendly and funny. I love their naan it was very fuffy and fresh. I love their mango lassi as well it was not too sweet and on point. I had came here twice and both times they did not disappoint. My favorite Indian food spot!
Not the most aesthetically pleasing venue, however, I would trade the fancy shmancy decor and venue for authentic and delicious food which I found here. Food was yum and the server/manager/entertainment/host/cook jk was super friendly. I felt I was a welcomed guest in someone's home and the buttery warm flaky fresh paratha bread made life good :)
I ordered delivery from here an it was amazing! Two words of caution-I ordered the mild spicy, and it was still pretty hot. So maybe go with the lowest...Delivery is terrible. First time was just slow, but ok. This time, it took nearly an hour, and the delivery guy called me. Didn't hit the buzzer, but called and asked if I could come down stairs. I assumed my buzzer was broke, but when I got down stairs. The delivery guy wasn't there. I stood confused for a second..then he rolls up on his bike!He called ahead of time to meet me! Then-didn't want to give me the receipt!  I've never had such a weird/bad delivery experience.... Food is great though.
I consider this to be one of the best Indian restaurant in Prospect Heights.Some reviewers have said they had trouble with delivery and arrogant staff.  We've had no such trouble.We've ordered from here thrice now, and the tandoori meats do tend to be consistently a bit on the dry side.Hot Appetizers===========Vegetable Samosa: AHandmade, which is REALLY nice from the frozen crap you usually get.  Delicious.Meat Samosa: B+Looked handmade, like the vegetable samosa but I prefer the vegetable samosa.Mixed Vegetable Pakoras: AIt's hard getting good pakoras (read: non-oily) on the east coast.  It's also hard getting good pakoras via delivery (read: non-soggy).   These were actually extremely good.  Some of the best pakoras I've had in NYC.Papadom: C+Stale.  Not tasty.Fresh Shrimp: A-Not quite what I had in mind for "fresh shrimp".  More like "shrimp in curry sauce".  But it was absolutely delicious.Chicken Wings: A+Literally bursting with flavor.  A PHENOMENAL Indian spin on an American classic.Grilled Meat Appetizer: BWonderfully flavored; would've been B+ but was just ever so slightly dry.  Just a tad.Shrimp Pakora: B+Delicious; not quite pakora like.  I wish there were more shrimp.Chicken Pakora: B+I've never had good chicken pakoras before, and I've ordered them in copious places in San Francisco, Washington DC, NYC, Lima (Peru), etc.  They are ALWAYS a disappointment.  These were the best I've ever had, so I gave them a B+, but I still wouldn't order them again.  Think of "Indian chicken tenders". Soups & Salad===========Mulligatawny: -AVery nicely flavored, but I wish they'd use less anise.Tandoori Specialty==============Chicken Tikka Masala: B+The chicken itself was a bit dry.  The sauce, while very tasty, didn't particularly wow me out.Sheekh Kabab: ADelicious flavor.  Deeply grilled/tandoori flavor and very juicy.  I would order this again in a heartbeat.  If the meat were *slightly* softer, it would be an A+.Tandoori Mixed Grill: B+Very nicely flavored.  Delicious, but definitely a bit on the dry side.  I wish the meat was juicier.Fish Tandoori: AI had the option of red snapper or salmon and I chose salmon.  Very tasty and juicy.  Fish tandoori can be a crapshoot -- I've had it VERY dry many, many times before.  This fish tandoori was cooked to perfection, and the cut of salmon was very nice.  Fatty but not overly oily.Fresh Vegetable Varieties=====================Sag Ponir: BNot as flavorful as others I've had; tasted a bit like creamed spinach, but still very nice.Curry Specialties==============Vindaloo: C-One of the worst vindaloos I've ever had.  There was no trace of vinegar/sour.  The only thing I tasted was a bit of heat and LOTS AND LOTS AND LOTS of paprika and tumeric.  Paprika and tumeric are great in moderation, but they're disgusting when over-used, and they were vastly over-used.  Vindaloo is one of my favorites; I was really disappointed.Special Biriyani and Kurma Dishes==========================Beef Kurma: A-After having disgusting travesties of kurmas in the various Indian restaurants in the neighborhood, it was wonderful to finally see a phenomenal kurma close to home.  What is it about this dish?  Why is it so hard to get a great kurma in Prospect Heights?  Rest assured, this kurma is absolutely delicious.  It has a very nice spiciness that you don't taste until it starts going down your throat.  Very subtle.Chef's Special Presentation======================Rogan Josh: BA very good and competent rogan josh.Soft Drinks========Lassi: ASweet, strong mango flavor, thick.  Wonderful.Desserts=======Firni (rice pudding): B
The food from this restaurant was very good. I ordered the palaak paneer, samosa, garlic naan & mango lassi. Everything was prepared well & was piping hot when delivered.  Delivery time was good too. It's a little pricey & they only deliver for orders of $50 or more so make sure you are ordering for at least two people. The portions are big enough to share.
Two orders in the last two weeks that took 1.5 hours to arrive.  They are a mess.  If cold, late indian food is your thing.  Joy is the place. For being a customer for 10+ years, it's really ashame to see them get to this state.
'Twas the night before the feared nor'easter 2016, and my friend and I were in serious need of an Indian place. And so we went! I wavered on giving this place 4 stars because the portion to price ratio is so generous, but I can't really get over certain aspects of the service. My friend (a waitress herself) called it "somewhat controlling." We had a couple awkward exchanges with clearing plates and deciding what was and was not ok to take away. They kept readjusting our water glasses when there was definitely enough room to fit our dinner-for-two deal (big tables though! Smashing). Food-wise, I liked the samosas, but the veggie pakoras were like vegan chicken nuggets. Dry and sad. You should pass on those. My mulligatawny soup was delish, and the naan was quite fluffy and fresh. However, the chicken tikka masala was a tad too creamy/sweet for my taste and the rice could have been a bit drier. The rice pudding that came at the end was refreshing, in an ok way. If you want to feel full, this is the place to go. I think they have free delivery too.
This review is for delivery service, as the food that I received was pretty good and quite spicy, the way I like it. I'd probably give the food 3 stars. Ordered delivery, which initially came in a reasonable amount of time, but they forgot an item. The driver told me he would be back in 15 minutes. After 40 had gone by, I called the restaurant and they took my address and told me they would find my driver and send the missing item. After another 30 or 40 minutes went by, I called again. Same thing. That was at 10 o'clock, and it is now 40 more minutes later with no sign of delivery and it's past their closing time.
What a wonderful meal we had. Would seriously recommend the Chicken Tikka, Chicken Tikka Masala and the Tandoori Chicken. The service at the restaurant was fantastic. The ambience was good while the restrooms need a little work! Would seriously consider going back there in the near future. The location is practically unparalleled, as the restaurant is right on Times Square.
New to yelp but had to share, this place is right by my house and never dissapoints!  It is very cheap but still the food is always delicious. It is very authentic and true to taste.  Highly recommend it yelpers!
Now this was some good eating! I should have taken a pic of the food however I was just too excited once the waiter (who was very friendly) came with my dish! Hubby and I ordered the tandoori dinner for two which ended up being soooo much food we had enough to take home! (Another bonus right there). It came with two soups, appetizers, meals  desserts, and one naan bread (which was huge). I throughly enjoyed every thing! The soups are great, I had the first soup choice on the menu my hubby had the mushroom one. The appetizers, chicken wings and beef samosa - sooooo good, the meals: I choose vegetarian: the chana masala (which is chickpea in a orange sauce) and my hubby got the chicken tikka (not the masala kind) it came on a skillet. OMG, the flavors are amazing!!! The dessert: bread pudding and a kind of ball with honey. The bread pudding was great, that little deep fried ball sitting in honey was just toooo sweet for me. I had to immediately take it out of my mouth!  I would have given this place 5 stars however it's a B rated place and I think that's probably because of the way the food is prepared.   The food here is awesome though and the amount of food deliveries I saw leaving the place tells me that most folks aren't too concerned with the health dept rating either!  You won't be disappointed if you try this place.
Really disappointed with this place especially after the great reviews. I ordered delivery and asked for Butter chicken, Beef Biyarani, Vegetable samosa, and Garlic Naan. The food took over an hour to get and we had to call to get our food. The butter chicken was bland.  The beef in the biyarani was over cooked and tough. Also, the garlic naan was never delivered. When we called the resturant to ask them to take that off our bill, he told us he would deliver it but the Garlic Naan never came. No call or anything. We will not be ordering from here ever again.
I ordered food from here and despite the 35-45 minute delivery estimate it arrived over 2 hours later. I called the restaurant when it was 20 minutes late and the man said it was on its way and would be there in 10. Half an hour later I called again and he told me the same thing. When it did finally arrive, it was room temperature.
Delicious take out.  This was hands down the best take our chicken tikka, I've had.  The veggie curry was full of delicious hearty vegetables.  There was no skimping here.  Fyi, delivery guys are on bikes and not in cars.  Just in case it makes you feel bad to have someone trudge through a storm to bring you your samosas.  I felt awful.  Gave him $10. I Thought he'd have a car!  Anyway, the food was wonderful and I'm so glad this place is near me
The heavy glass door opened to a poorly painted dining area where we were greeted by a smiling older gentlemen. "Two?" he asked. We were quickly seated in the empty restaurant in the middle of the afternoon. Tumeric and Cumin filled the air of the quaint yet comfortable dining area, like the Indian grandmother's living room you've never been to. A large flat screen tv showed a Bollywood film which we often glared at in amazement. "People even dace on trains?" I thought as I bit into my crispy, but under-seasoned Alu Poori. "pretty good" I thought. The older gentlemen from before often appeared as if out of thin air to refill our glasses. We smiled at him in acknowledgement. Shortly after my appetizer I was brought out a small pot of amazingness. My first bite of chicken Kurma brought me back to the grandmother's kitchen I had never been in. (I'm not Indian people but go with it...) It was wonderful. We asked for the check just as the last bollywood actress shook her last chime; then we paid and left. By that time two other couples had entered and we were sure they too would soon experience the same level of awesomeness. P/S/ after they gave us this free cute little dessert thingy
If you're looking for your neighborhood Indian place, stop - this is it. The food is always solid. I've ordered a variety of dishes, and they've all beaten my expectations. I normally order online, and delivery has been consistently prompt.
Best Indian food in Brooklyn. (And I've tried a LOT of places!) Count yourself among the lucky few if you live in their delivery zone!
Joy Indian Restaurant came recommended to us by some friends back in Portland so we decided to take them up on it. I'm really glad we did because we left there very happy. It's small in size but they made up for it. The server was OK but didn't smile very much. At least he did have a sense of humor. I told him about the Indian food we'd had the other night and how spicy it was and that I had trouble eating it. He assured me the food there was not spicy. It wasn't and it was very good.Interestingly we had our very own laser light show with one of those portable jobs sitting just across from us.OK, since there is no menu online or a website, I cannot remember the names of anything I had here. I think it would be safe to say that everything is good. My mate had a tandori and I had an eggplant dish that was described on the menu as being cooked "over and over". Whatever they do to it, it was excellent and so was the NaanNow, I'm going to tell you here. There were a couple of TV's in the place and the one I was looking at was on the back wall. The entire time they were play what I would call really, really bad Indian music videos. I mean bad. Stupid even. Aweful. Cheesy. It has to be a cultural thing because I would be willing to bet there isn't a single American out there who would disagree with me on this. I guess I should just look at it as something that added to the cultural experience instead of complaining about it. It was painful. But, believe you me.
My friends and I made a reservation for NYE and had a perfect dinner. Decor is fun, with glass chandeliers and Bollywood music videos playing on a large flat screen. My friends ordered a bunch of entrees for the table, so I sampled around 5 dishes and all were very yummy, though I couldn't tell you which dish I liked best. We started with chop chat, which was delicious. The staff is very friendly, laid back, and helpful. At the end of the meal, we were surprised with birthday wishes for someone in our party and everyone got a little ramekin of carrot rice pudding.
Terrible service. I ordered delivery and it didn't arrive for an hour and 45 min.The food was not even mediocre. Watery, bland curry. Sauce that basically tasted like vinegar. I'm never going to order from here again.
Went with a large group and kept them open long after other customers had left. service was very kind and accommodating, and you've got to love a BYOB restaurant.and the food is delicious! highly recommend the garlic naan, biriyani, chicken tandoori, paratha bread, and shami kebab.
Soooooo good! Aloo motor Gobi is a must! Boo and I really enjoyed the vegetarian dinner for two. A real gem of a place! I've had Indian food in Manhattan and it doesn't compare for the value. A must try!
Sadly I used to love this place. I last visited during the summer of 2014 and the food and service were phenomenal. However, my experience this time was as different as night and day. Firstly, at 4:45 pm on a Friday evening the place was almost empty. You would think this would allow for more attentive service. Wrong. When someone finally came around to get our orders he was far from friendly. That may be why he didn't get the order correct. The hot hor'doerves we ordered came to the table lukewarm and he couldn't be bothered to tell us what exactly we were eating. Not that it mattered because it was all oily and disgusting. Our entree, the liver curry with rice and a side of Nan bread would have been great if the chef hadn't tried to mix in gizzards with the liver. Some people may not care, I however DESPISE gizzards and it totally ruined the curry for me. This was an awful experience that I will not be repeating. There are too many other great restaurants in this area to waste my time with this one.
Excellent Indian food. This was the 3rd time I visited the place in the last 3 months. The Tandoori chicken was tender and freshly grilled. My wife loved it as well. Not overly spicy for Americans. For Indians request a spicy version. Reasonably priced.
I don't care if the food shows up on a golden platter with shining angels feeding me from diamond tulips and lotus flowers. After waiting for 90 minutes for an order that was supposed to arrive within 60, we called the restaurant repeatedly to a busy signal. Wasting our time calling while our entire office waited at 9:40 at night for food, once we finally got through, not a single apology. Just a vague, "it's on it's way." NEVER ORDER FROM A PLACE LIKE THIS. They'll just do it to you one day.
This place is probably a 2, but my review isn't going to lower a 4 star average anyway. To be honest, some of the items tastes like a microwaved box of Trader Joes Indian food. The curries were just ok, if they were some kind of quick fast food/frozen entree. But if I'm going to be paying for a sit down restaurant cuisine, I expect it to be at the very least, decent tasting. My naan was way too crispy also. How do you screw up naan????My server didn't even look at me once. He only talked to and only looked at one person in the party, even when we were clearly talking to him. It was really awkward.
Taking friends from Florida, who like a wide variety of dining, we were all thrilled by our experience yesterday.  And the leftovers today were still good.The service was excellent - The Mulligatawny soup was amazing.  I'll order on-line or stop in when ever I'm in the area.  When the lamb dish came out a bit too mild, the waiter offered to correct it - and WOW - it was Amazing!
Aw man. The food was fantastic!  loved every bit of it. my mom and dad loved it also. Nice cozy place. i will lke to believe it looks much more lovely at night with the indian decorations and lights. All in all, i give it 5 stars because of hospitality, food and comfort of restaurant.
Just ordered delivery from Bombay Masala for the first time. Waited about an hour and ten minutes for the delivery, which is a little much. Foodwise, the samosas were good, condiments for them were tasty and spicy. Chicken tikka masala was okay, as was the naan. The saag paneer, usually our favorite dish, was disappointing--tasted like it had been made from frozen spinach. Worse, it was very gritty, as if the spinach had been covered in dirt and never washed.Unfortunately this place just didn't make the grade. Won't be ordering again.
I can't wait to go back! The food is outstanding, the Taj Mahal beer refreshing and the service is fast and friendly.  We ordered the chicken tandoori and the sag aloo (which we asked for super extra spicy). Both dishes were made to perfection, we couldn't believe the flavors, the richness and the generous portions! For me this is by far the best Indian restaurant in the area, not pretentious and affordable. Will definitely come back, again, and again and again....
I had a great time at Bombay Masala!My boyfriend and I came here for an early Valentine's day dinner and service was courteous, prompt, and efficient. We started out with the meat and vegetable samosas and orders of mango lassi.OH MY LORD. The mango lassi was sweet, decadent, and everything I need in my life. I had to pace myself as to not finish it all in one drop!The samosa were very good. We both like the vegetable one better- the potato filling was extremely seasoned and flavorful. For the main course, we ordered chicken tandoori and the chana alu ponir. The tandoori was awesome. It was chicken marinated in various spices, barbecued and sent right to your table on a very hot plate, bubbling and all. It was pretty cool to see. The chana alu ponir dish was a soup/curry concoction of fried cheese, potatoes, and chick peas in a spicy sauce. It was very good.Towards the end, we received a complimentary dessert of firni, a rice pudding. How nice of them!!!I'll definitely be coming back.
This place is still amazing. I've been to a million other Indian restaurants in the city in the past few years, and this one is still my favorite. I've even eaten at Tamarind Tribeca with its Michelin star, and I prefer the chicken tikka masala at Joy. The service is weird here, but the people are nice when you get them talking, they always give you delicious free desserts (mango rice pudding, pistachio ice cream etc.). And the rice is amazing, never stops coming. It's BYOB with no fee... what more could you ask for? Oh, and the COCONUT POORI. THE BEST.
This was far better saag paneer than any other I have found in the NYC area (although I have yet to travel to queens) HOWEVER, the paneer makhani was horrible, syrupy and sweet, the color of maraschino syrup. All in all, I have no idea what people who are rating this place have eaten that is 'flavorful and spicy', none of the dishes I tried when I dined seemingly had either of those components involved.
This is my new go to Indian place. For the price, the food is phenomenal. The dine for two option is fantastic and gives way more food than the average person can eat. The appetizers are slightly on the greasy side (especially those amazing onion fritters) but that is often the case and it wasn't so bad that I couldn't eat it. I am not a fan of Indian soups but the flavors of the spinach soup are superb and the mulligatawny is also very good. The bf and I can't get enough of the lamb tikka and the tandoori chicken is done perfectly. The service isn't horrible but they could do better. They seem a little rushed and seem to be very occupied with take out orders-which is no surprise- but that does add a slight delay in service. I have not experienced any rude waiters, but I also have never had any complaints. I wish they would invest a little on new flooring and better design, but a lot of Indian restaurants have that drab dank feeling to it (and that awful red carpeting!). However, that will not keep me away because the food and price more than make up for it!
Good food and really friendly service. $33 for two apps, soups, entrees, a bread and ice cream. Also it's byob! I got to bring my homebrew here to accompany my meal.
This restaurant was an amazing find. The service was superb and the food was phenomenal.  The price was surprisingly good considering how large the portions were.   We will definitely return.
Best Indian food I've had in brooklyn.Good food. Friendly service.Had a few crisp taj mahal beers, the chicken Marsala and the lamb kahori.Oh, and don't forget a mango lassi.$44 for 2 ppl not including tipWould definitely go back!Would give 5 stars if it had the ambiance to match the quality of the food
Food is still great but I had to come back and take away a star because I finally ate in the restaurant instead of getting take out and I was not impressed. The service was so indifferent and unfriendly and frankly I felt like I was being served grudgingly. This isn't a soup kitchen, I'm paying for my meal so don't act like you're doing me a favor by waiting on me. I am always good to the waitstaff in restaurants, I try to order everything at once so I'm not annoying them, I give a good tip, etc. So it really irks me when waiters have a bad attitude. There wasn't even anyone else in the restaurant! Why are you mad? I'm gonna give them the benefit of the doubt because I love their food but that attitude keeps up and they will be replaced.
They pulled through for me at the last minute when another Indian restaurant couldn't deliver my order.I just want to say, thank you Joy Indian Restaurant. Thank You! The samosas were perfect, as well as everything else. Maybe it's because I love Indian food in general. Or maybe because they're awesome. The price was adequate and the portions were large. My order lasted me two days. WIN. I'm a vegetarian, so naturally my orders are cheaper, but still, it was a deal. Try it for yourself, the delivery was oddly quick ( I took a shower and they were at my door, wtf) and they're friendly and appreciative of any business. All around a good place to order from.
This place is another jewel in brooklyn.  I visited Bombay Masala for dinner last night and the food was excellent.  They changed the decor with a little more modern flare. Very cute! I ordered the Bombay liver and fish tandoori it was well prepared and delicious. I definitely will be back very soon.
I made no reservations, gave no advance notice, and swooped in with a 10-person motley crew of hungry friends. And everything was juuuust fine.I chose this place because among our ranks are vegetarians, gluten-free-ers, avid carnivores, and spice-hounds. What better way to make everyone happy than Indian food? And happy we were. Chicken tikka masala, malai kofta, saag paneer, vegetable vindaloo, lamb curry... we ate and enjoyed it all. Those that wanted it hot got it hot and those preferring a milder flavor were duly satisfied. The naan was tasty, the bottles of wine screw-top (we're also eco-conscious, after all), and the water came in quick supply. If ever there was a lull in conversation, we had muted music videos to watch. It must be said that at no time did the waitstaff or owner appear annoyed that my posse loudly took up a bunch of space and ordered in three different waves, paying with a combination of cards and cash, and loitering perhaps a bit too long before finally exiting. Bombay Masala, thank you for being chill.
I had a first date here and had a ball. The staff was helpful and friendly, and the Bollywood music videos they show are very entertaining. The food was delicious; the portions were generous. Most importantly my date was incredibly charming, and I had a great time.
Yesterday, I was lazy. I had done quite a bit of work around the new apt, so I decided to treat myself to takeout.I ordered the chicken tikka masala tandoori - as it seems most people have, who's reviews I read. It was DELISH! It was creamy, with chunks of well cooked but not overcooked chicken and it had a good amount of heat - not too much, not too little. But just right, for the moment - typically, I prefer hotter.I am giving 3 stars rather than 4 because the food took SO long - 5 stars has to blow my mind...that didn't happen - plus hunger is the best sauce and I can't tell if I was tasting that or the tikka masala.... I mean, I order at 7:45p and I did not physically have the bag of food until 9:23p. That is ludicrous! I was kind of pissed and REALLY hungry by then - when I first ordered I was only kind of hungry, expecting it to take a while - maybe an hour tops, but not almost 2 hours. Insanity!Maybe eat in the restaurant to avoid situations, like so. But regardless what you do, try this dish at this spot. So ono = yummy/good/delicious in hawaiian :)
The food was amazing. Curried liver, lamb korma and okra. It was very busy for a Wednesday night. My only gripe it could be a little cleaner. The bathroom has old dirt on the walls and the garbage can needs to be changed. Joy could also use a fresh coat of paint. The price of our meal was very reasonable.
Joy is my go-to lunch delivery place when working from home - for $8-$10 you get fluffy basmati rice, your choice of meats or veggies, 3 dipping sauces, and either naan or poori bread. I always opt for the lamb shish kabob because it's marinated and prepared wonderfully. their poori bread is also light, sweet, and flaky - just divine. All that for $10 ...how can you go wrong?! The only reason I gave this place 4 stars and not 5 is that their delivery time is insanely long - sometimes takes over an hour to deliver...not good for what you're hangry!
Over dinner here I had a running conversation that was basically just a list of all the times I tried to make Indian food and failed. Why? Because every single bite of this delicious food made me realize how much my attempts were not even remotely the real things. (My suspicion is that I lake the gumption to cook things in massive amounts of clarified butter.)At any rate: Started with some fried cheese things, which sadly I am forgetting the name of. Like a fun take on mozzarella sticks, these were yummy if nothing to write home about. There was also the usual tray of chutneys and stuff. Also, some GIANT kingfisher beers. Which went oh so well with the next course: shaag aloo, madras curry and naan, yay! The spinach dish was a buttery dream; the curry was spicy without being overwhelming. Also, there was rice, obviously, and plenty of it. The staff offered several times to give us more rice too, but really, it was OK.Lastly to wrap it up, some complimentary rice pudding in cute little individual bowls. Delightful. Seriously, this is five star food wrapped up in $$ prices. The Bollywood, super glitz lighting and attentive staff were just fun extras. I have a feeling I'll be back again and again and again.
My mother always told me not to speak with my mouth full. however in this case I must tell it. This is one of the best brooklyn Indian restaurants I have experienced. I enjoy the fresh shrimp as an appetizer followed by shrimp kurma and the rest of the meal month go home with me in a doggy bag
ALL THESE 5 STAR REVIEWS ARE INSANE!!!!!! This is NOT a good Indian spot. The chicken tikka masala was basically dry chicken (NOT FIRE GRILLED, OR CHARRED) in indian spiced ketchup. Rice was old and hard, ordered the cucumber raita and it had gone bad (and was basically cole slaw water to begin with). portion size was generous, naan was chewy and gross. The saag paneer tasted like fish and the cheese was greasy and yuck. I will NOT be back. DONT TRUST THESE REVIEWS!
Give me that spice!  No, No, I mean it! And that's exactly what they did was give me a bowl of curry that turned red with red oil swimming on top... Heaven... I'm in Heaven... So damn spicy my pores opened up everywhere, and i was sweating like a roasted pig.  Not cute, but who cares when you're eating Indian food? The aftermath is never really cute anyways.  Go here and eat or take out.  Personally I love watching the Bollywood dancing videos they have are a great touch.  May we all be so colorful at the end.
