The food and management here have gone downhill, I'm sorry to say. I used to order from them frequently, but the food has become bland and overpriced, at least when I order for delivery. The last time I ordered from them, they couldn't locate the delivery for over an hour and a half. When the food arrived, it was cold. Bottom line: it's curry hill and there's a ton of other options in the area at a better price point and with better flavor.
Fabulous restaurant in Curry Hill! Lots of Indians eating here-a very good sign!!!  MAKE SURE YOU ODER THE SEA BASS! The owner told us we should order it. He was very proud when we told him how DELICIOUS it was!!
Came for a friend's birthday dinner. Very friendly professional staff. Delicious food. The garlic naan. Yum!!! The goat was delicious. I almost didn't want to share my biryani. It was so good. No cake cutting fee was a big plus.
Delicious food, not your standard Curry Hill fare.  Creative, wonderful flavors and gracious service.
Amazing food and generous portions! Order the chicken tikka masala and the tandoori chicken entree, both were superb! Highly recommend also the saag paneer.
Dined at Pippali 2 weeks ago on a Saturday night and I was really disappointed. Firstly, I asked a server for a recommendation for a dish on the menu that had a creamy coconut curry sauce. He recommended a shrimp dish, which was more liquidy than creamy and taste-wise was average at best. The chicken tikka masala was also unimpressive. Secondly, no one came around at any point during the meal to check in. Thirdly, when my boyfriend asked for food to be packed for take-away, the busboy said ok and then proceeded to stack the dishes on top of each other, 2 dishes of which had barely been touched at all, and took it all away for disposal. The only part of the meal I enjoyed was the mango lassi. The prices definitely don't suit the quality of the food.
I've eaten at this place a couple of times earlier and the food was really good. I always found the service to be disappointing. But on our recent visit I went and asked the waiter at the door if he has a table for 4. He showed us a way inside with his hands. I go inside in the middle of the tables and see only a 2 seater. I turn back with a confused look and he asks "do you see anything?" with a smirk. I'm annoyed but I ask how long is the wait and he responds "Now that's a better question". If you're thinking he intended this to be funny, you're wrong and he had a straight serious face the whole time. We immediately left the place and don't think will ever return again.
I live in Charleston SC and work in Kips Bay, so I'm always looking for a new place to eat in the neighborhood and I'm so excited I found Pippali. The staff were welcoming and the atmosphere was cozy. More importantly - The food was plentiful and excellent! (Especially compared to the "Dueling Indians" we have here in Charleston). My colleague and I raved about our meals to our coworkers the next day. It's my new go to when I'm working in the city. Update - July 2016 - big crowd tonight, so the word is out. Management was wonderful and accommodated my reservation change request. Still one of my favorite spots in the city!
3.5 stars. An okay pick for curry hill. I was craving Indian food the other night and decided to come try this place out with my boyfriend.The decor is really nice and the atmosphere was cozy and elegant at the same time. I think it's a great place for a date. Food was also decent. We ordered everything to share. For apps, we got the lehsuni scallops and the khasta papri chat. Then we shared a the goa vindaloo with garlic naan. Scallops - tasted amazing and a great deal - you get four very generously sized scallops for $12! They were covered in a savory tomato based sauce. Highly recommend. Khasta papri chat - interesting combo of ingredients, kinda reminded me of Indian styles nachos. It was a plate of tortilla-like chips smothered in chutney, yogurt, and garbanzo beans. The tang of the yogurt was very strong, which I enjoyed for the first few bites. It quickly became overpowering though. My favorite part were the sprinkled pomegranate seeds on top.Goa vindaloo - spicy!! They give you like 7-8 chucks of tender lamb and a big bowl of rice. The sauce was not only spicy but also very vinegar-y. I liked it, but I think the sourness overpowered the spices. Garlic naan - good but I've had better. This naan was not at all fluffy unfortunately. Flavorwise, it was great - lots of chunks of garlic. Not too great for dipping and soaking up our entree sauce though. Overall, I think this is a solid restaurant. Prices are on the steeper side, but you do get a lot of food. I feel like maybe we ordered the wrong things here this time, would definitely return to try their other dishes!
Came here with a few friends on a Wednesday night and were seated quickly. Ordered the Tikki Masala ($17) which was unfortunately on the rubbery side :( The best part of the meal was free - the chips and various sauces they serve in the beginning.
The last time I ate Indian food was in London. It was a shady little buffet near Greenwich University owned by a family, who mean mugged you with their arms folded the entire time you ate, watching you closely. Being the polite Midwestern gal that I am, I got a big plate of food and even though halfway through eating, I didn't feel right, I damn sure finished that plate under the watchful guise of this family. I won't give you all the details, suffice it to say that it didn't end well. I couldn't eat anything but beer and cereal for the next two weeks. TWO. WEEKS. PEOPLE.Fast forward to 8 years later, and my boyfriend and his brother want Indian food. I don't want this to be a deal-breaker (he's a keeper, y'all), so I play it *real* cool by suggesting sushi instead. Following their lukewarm reactions, I suck it up and search for a curry place near where we're going to catch a show and this one looks good. I'm gonna dive in, head first, Indian-food related PTSD be damned.AND IT WAS SO GOOD. The naan, the sauces of which I am ignorant and do not know their names, my chicken tikka, beautiful fluffy cloud like rice that is clearly shipped in overnight from Heaven, the most delicate crispy samosas with yet again, more incredible unnamed sauces. The service was perfect, quick, kind, and considerate. The place is warm (literally and figuratively) inside and very inviting. I was afraid, but Pippali, you held me gently in your warm, curry-scented arms, and I am born again. Indian food forever.
Great Indian meal. The place was packed for Thursday lunch, but the guys running FOH did a great job.
Amazing food! My roommate and I weren't too hungry but needed to grab a bite to eat before going to the movies. We ordered a few apps: kutchi dabeli, malai paneer tikka, and khasta papri chat...all street food since that's our favorite. Everything was so flavorful! The kutchi dabeli is the best dabeli I've had in the city. So many spices and it really hit the spot! We were stuffed even though we only ordered 3 apps!
There are many wonderful Indian restaurants in NYC, and in this neighborhood (Curry Hill, colloquially). Do not choose this one.  I dine out frequently and am a great tipper (typically 25% or more). Here's what happened when I went there today.  I arrived between 2:15 and 2:30 and asked whether they were still serving thali for lunch.  Absolutely, I'm told. I'm seated and ordered immediately.  Time ticks by and everyone else is served and leave.  Perhaps I should have said something, but I didn't want to be that customer. At about 3:10, I'm approached by the folks setting up for dinner and asked if I'd ordered.  Yes, I say--quite a while ago.  Ok it will be a few minutes.  The food finally comes, and as I'm eating a waitress approaches and says, "um, we are closed--please pay as we are closing the cash register." "Wait, really?" I say? I just had my food after that long wait.  I'm told they will let me stay to finish the meal but I need to pay.  Wow.*I'm editing this review to respond to the restaurant's comment below.  The ticket said 3:02 pm because that was after one of the staff noticed how long I'd been sitting there and asked if I'd ordered.  As reported above, I told him that I had ordered long ago--about 40 minutes beforehand.  Apparently the order was never registered until that point.  I understand that mistakes happen.  Of course.  What bothered me was the tone with which I was treated--as though I had been in the wrong and was fortunate that the food was brought to me.  I was, frankly, shocked.  And saddened.All the best to you in the future.
The food was good. The waiters, not so much. I came in around 7:30 with 3 other people and we were promptly seated. However, it took them a while to pour water and see how we were doing. We started with the samosas, which are definitely a pass for next time. They were small and honestly not that great. The garlic naan was good, though. I asked for a recommendation, and the waiter was helpful. Ended up staying cautious and got the chicken tikka masala, which was good! I was surprised that they only gave the four of us one side rice dish since most Indian restaurants give individual rices. We ordered two orders of naan, which was perfect for the table of 4. I was told to stay away from the fisherman's dosa, apparently the seafood here was not that great. At the end of the meal, we waited for 20 minutes for the check before having to ask for it. It took them a while to process it as well. Though this place is expensive, it is definitely delicious!
I just ate dinner here, and I can't get the meal out of my head. While the area has plenty of great Indian restaurants, Pippali ticked all the boxes for me in terms of a sit-down place. The interior is clean, service is prompt, the restaurant is not too busy as it's off of Lexington Ave, and portions are generous. While Pippali doesn't have the lowest prices, the quality to quantity is top notch for the price. Everything is seasoned well, but not over-salted! The spices really shine through, yet the dishes don't make you feel gross after. Furthermore, the food is not drowning in oil/butter! The ingredients are fresh, the restaurant is not packed, portions are generous, and the price is competitive. Definitely a stand out spot for a casual dinner.
(Vegans: their meals can not be veganized!!)This place has some awesome vegetarian options for both appetizers and entrées! I always go with whatever they recommend if it is my first time. I am not sure what my dish is called, but it is like Spanish/kale mesh with tofu in it served with rice. And let me tell you, it was so delicious!! It filled me up quickly that I even had leftover to take home. The minor complaint I would have for this dish is a bit salty for me, but that just personal preference -- i would ask next time to have them out in less salt for me, or whatever seasoning that is. The Indian chai tea was really good, too. I am bookmarking this place so I can make sure I come back next time I am in New York!!
My family and I went there a few nights ago and so I'll list the good and the bad:Good:-the food was pretty tasty -the price for the food was relatively cheap for an Indian Restaurant in Manhattan-the rice is complementary Bad:-one of the worst services ever: the restaurant was EMPTY when my family and I were there and yet, we had to wait for them to take our order. Once they took our order, they gave us one basket of free papadum with 5 pieces for a party of 7. We finished eating and our food still hadn't come out and an empty basket was just there. Had the waiters been attentive, they would have refilled it but they waited until I asked. -it took an incredibly long time for them to cook our food and serve it especially considering that we were the only ones in the restaurant-after the food came, we ate and the food was good. Food was well seasoned and not overly spicy.  But after we ate, two members of our party were not done eating and the waiter took everyone else's plate. -When I asked for the food to go, one waiter told me there was nothing left in one of the dishes and while he was right that there was no meat, there certainly was a good amount of delicious sauce. If I'm paying for a dish, I should be able to take home whatever remains of it! All in all, out of the many waiters, only one was pretty nice but the others need to be more attentive and question customers less. Final grade:Food 4/5Customer Service 2/5
To summarize my experience: The staff had the worst manners...the restaurant was absolutely empty when we went in during lunch and i suppose it was too much to ask them to serve 2 people...
Last night I met up with a friend in NYC. We were going to go to a Mediterranean place but it was closed, so we wound up going to a recommended place in Curry Hill. We chose Pippali, a nice Indian place with a somewhat different menu.The menu might have been a bit more limited than some other places, but it was a step above the usual offerings in that area.  We didn't have appetizers. Considering how the rest of my night went that was probably a good thing!I ordered Ludhiana Deg Murgh, which was advertised as a slow-cooked chicken curry with a punjabi masala spice blend. It was delicious, a great blending of flavors in a tomato-based sauce. The large chunks of white meat chicken were very tender. My friend had Kombdi Kolapuri, a hotter chicken curry with roasted red chili paste, garlic, & star anise. Portions were decent but not large. He had a large Kingfisher, I stuck with water. The place was packed and people were waiting for tables when we left. Service was efficient. A decent choice if you're looking for out-of-the-ordinary Indian without breaking the bank.
Great food! Great service.. I had the palak paneer thali from the brunch menu, awesome flavours. Only negative- why are there no ala carte available on sat brunch? The thali was too much food and i ended up wasting most of it, although i loved it
Some of the best Indian food I have ever had! Its located in Curry Hill so it has a lot of competition near them, I came here on a Thursday night with my boyfriend for dinner when he came to visit for the weekend. I had passed the restaurant walking to work everyday and always thought it was a cute restaurant with a nice big window at the front where diners can sit and look out on the street. I made a reservation for 8pm. When we first got to Pipalli there was hardly anyone there, but by the time we left it was packed. The only reason I'm giving them a 4 star as opposed to a 5 star is because the service is a little slow, but I honestly think its slow just because they are so busy. We started out with a bottle of wine  (they have bottles pretty much at every price range) and Vegetable somosas-- they were absolutely delicious. They also serve the fried chips that some Indian restaurants serve when you first sit down with 3 different sauces. For the meal we had the lamb and the chicken tiki masala-- both were some of the best I have ever had. I would definitely recommend this place if your craving good Indian food at a pretty decent price.
A nice cozy place with a relaxed feel. The food was amazing, and the service was quick and friendly. We accidentally dropped our Naan on the flood, and they went so far as to take it off the bill.The lamb gohst we had was amazing! It fell off the bone. Highly recommended
I've been to this place a couple of times & I only write review if a place has amazed me more than once & this place has.Best1: Chicken dishes. Almost every chicken dish is pretty good, specially chicken tikka! Chole & daal are really good.Good: Lamb chops are good, but can be improved a little bit more.Best2: The service. Every time I've come here I've been greeted with the best service.I recommend this place!
To be honest, this is disappointing. Nine months ago, this was the best Indian food I've ever had. That aspect remains true; no other place I've tasted has come close. However, as a customer who has ordered from them dozens of times, it's incredibly disappointing that they've gotten my order wrong almost every time in the last 5 months. I only order takeout here. Since May, they've messed up my order every time. On several occasions, I didn't receive the masala sauce that gives the food the indescribably delicious flavor. Just today, on my tandoori platter, I didn't receive the second Naan I ordered or the salmon tikka that was supposed to come with my dish. Is it just negligence and incompetence, or is it malicious? Judging from the number of times this has happened, who knows. I just know that despite the flavor, I can't recommend ordering takeout from them. Maybe it's different if you sit-in, but not everyone has time for that during a busy workday. I will undoubtedly be back, and perhaps they can earn their stars back, but for now, they don't deserve the perfect score I once gave them.
Good Indian food, although somewhat anglicized for sensitive palates. That means food tends to be less spicey and more creamy than their Indian namesakes. Meat is sufficiently tender enough to eat with naan and the biryani was a bit oily but still yummy. Avoid the flavored naans as they can get unwieldly while the standard naans are great. In summary this is a great place for me to take my American friends, but probably wouldn't bring my parents for fear of a getting a tongue lashing about being too American!
Little expensive, but we went for the weekend thali. It was really good value for money. Really, really good - everything on the thali. Sad we didnt have an appetite to finish everything served. Will definitely go back for the thali.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant, ever.  They do Indian food, but with a twist.  The food is a little more elevated than what you'd find at other Indian restaurants in the East Village or Curry Hill area.  I've been here 3 times so far, and each time did not disappoint.  The dishes I had and definitely worth trying are: scallops appetizer (appetizer); shrimp (appetizer); squid with Indian cornbread (appetizer); the okra entree; and the branzini entree.  I can't wait to go back to try everything else on their menu.  Seriously, I've a feeling you could pick anything on the menu, and it'd be amazing!  I love this place so much, I'm making my boyfriend come here for our anniversary dinner, although it'd be the 3rd time in 8 days.  But, shhhhhhh.....he doesn't need to know that.
You know how all "Indian" food in New York starts tasting the same? How you walk into a restaurant in Curry Hill & expect something almost, but not quite, slightly better than Seamless-ordered chicken tikka-- or at least, you think so because you're sitting in a restaurant & paying a heftier tip? Yeah, no. This is *actually* better. Group of 3, came in around 8:45 and were seated without fanfare in the last available table (though people started wrapping up, such that by 10 we were one of the last tables still there). We had a hard time picking entrees but went with 3 for the whole table. The Bihari Gohst was flavorful & still moist; the meat fell straight off the pretty big bone it came on, and was enough meat for all. The Jaipuri Kofta had great flavor, and the sauce was wiped up to the very last drop, but the dumplings were a bit small and didn't hold their integrity together as well as I might have liked. Subz Tikka Masala was good to counterbalance the heaviness of the lamb, but the tomato sauce was a little too front-and-center.The variety of options & the nuance in the dishes we had was refreshing, and leaps & bounds above most Indian food I've had in New York. They were all executed pretty decently. I'm a fan, and not just because I wasn't eating it on my couch!
Pippali does not disappoint in its generous servings of spice and flavor. I had the Kombdi Kolapuri, which was a spicy chicken dish with a chili-like like texture. Served with garlic naan, this dish soon envelops your tongue in a firey swirl of heat and sensation. Our server was kind enough to provide us with a free serving of ras malai to finish off our meal. I had never tried it before and while it was not my cup of tea, others in my group seemed to enjoy our complimentary dessert. Overall good experience. Solid Indian food, great service. Leftovers.
I think it's safe to say that Pippali is the best Indian spot in NYC.  The staff is extremely accommodating and friendly.  The food is amazing- definitely the best chicken tikka masala I've had.  Prices are extremely reasonable for such great food and service.  A great choice for indian!
Amazing experience at Pippali last night.It was packed around 20:00, and we consequently had to wait a few minutes for our table. The host, however, kept us updated on the table and we were given complimentary wine! The courteous service continued throughout dinner. Water was always refilled unasked. Cutlery was exchanged during the entree. The photos featured here don't do the restaurant much justice. It's much cozier and has an intimate vibe.And THE FOOD.My friends and I got: Malai Paneer TikkaWell-marinated paneer and excellent quality/consistency.Tawa ScallopsCame with three scallops. Had a little higher hopes for this. Could not discern any avocado as stated in the menu, but this had perfect consistency and an interesting chili oil.Jaipuri KoftaSpicy! And perfectly so. The "dumplings" look like Gulab Jamun and similarly textured in a very creamy, delicious curry. Recommend and would get again.Bikaneri PaneerSuch an interesting dish. The paneer is much more finely chopped than in other paneer dishes and the consistency of the dish overall unlike curry. Excellent with rice, though!Reservations recommended.
I can't wait to come back to this restaurant!! Wonderful food, nice ambiance and great service! This restaurant is where the old Chennai Garden used to be, but boy has it changed!The ambiance is nice and service was quick and attentive. The food though is what won us over, it was absolutely delicious! The menu has your staple Indian dishes but also new dishes, which the other Indian restaurants aren't serving in the area. Even the traditional dishes they are doing a little differently. Something as simple as mango chutney tastes completely different and when you get pappad they don't just give you one they give you like 5 different varieties. We ordered the hari mirch kebab, which was fresh, juicy and delicious! The deg murg and seekh kebab were also flavorful and mouth watering good! I can't wait to come back here and try the other dishes. This is a great addition to the Indian food scene and if they continue this level of yumness they will give everybody a run of their money. They have their drink license now so no BYOB anymore. So if you're in the city looking for some yummylicious Indian food with nice ambiance, check out Pippali! I can't wait to go back :)
One of the best Indian restaurants in Manhattan. I don't live here but love Indian  food and have to visit when I'm in town. I have had pretty much everything on the menu and it's all good, very tasty and full of flavor.
Best indian food in this location and one among the Indian restaurants in NYC. The food is so flavorful and very Indian with all the right spices. The chef is doing an amazing job so far. His presentation is good as well.Try tandoori chicken. Tht's my favorite here.
Meal: DinnerType: VegetarianPrice: Around $50 for twoService: GoodRecommended Dish: Jaipuri Kofta with plain NaanThe food is good, but their dessert was a disappointment. And the restaurant was extremely packed and crowded. I would prefer to get the food delivered rather than eat there.
I had a horrible experience at Pippali.  They were fairly busy the night I went, which is usually a good sign given that most of the other Indian restaurants in the area were mostly empty.  The service couldn't keep up with the demand.  The host hustled me to a table, the waiter was clearly overwhelmed, and the food arrived at a frantic pace typical of restaurants trying to move as many people as possible.I ordered the Seedai Pakodi and Pappadams as a starter, and the Jaipuri Kofta as my entree.  The Seedai Pakodi were very oily, which is to be expected of vegetable fritters, but these were drenched.  The Pappadams were bland and had little flavor, and the server didn't stick around long enough when he dropped them on my table to offer or for me to inquire if they have chutney.  The Jaipuri Kofta were horrible.  It was quite obvious that they deep fry the dumplings ahead of time, store them and then drench them in warm marsala sauce when it comes time to serve them.  My dumplings were refrigerator cold at the center, although the marsala sauce was actually pretty good.  I almost always order kofta when I go to Indian restaurants, and I am accustomed them having a soft texture and no definitive form.  These were perfectly round, almost the size of meatballs and with a hard deep fried exterior typical of say falafel.  I am being critical of the kofta because that is the flavor that kept "emerging" when a nasty stomach bug hit me at 3am and stayed with me through the remainder of the night.  Not a pleasant experience.  It seems that they have the foot traffic expected of a restaurant well reviewed on yelp, but it also seems they are taking short cuts to accommodate the demand.
Today was my first time here and live it. They had attentive and fast service during dinner time. I got the deg murgh - the masala curry was flavorful and had just the right spicy kick to it. The nan was soft good even when it was sitting there a while. The kinky dehradunn cocktail was perfect- I tend to go sweet and light in alcohol on my drinks so this was perfect with a lychee flavor. I would definitely come here again.
The food here was absolutely incredible. I ordered the salmon off of the tandoori part of the menu (I cannot remember the actual name of the dish), and it was quite literally the best salmon I've ever had. Everyone I was with was happy with their meal.The only reason I didn't give it five stars was because I found them to be overwhelmed with service- we had a 9pm reservation for 6, and still waited a bit for a table. Another reservation for 10 came in while we were still waiting for our table, and they were not at all prepared to seat them at all. Once we were seated the service was good.
Elegant Indian restaurant that is affordable, lunch menu is served in many traditional little dishes. Good atmosphere. Only thing is I wish they had spicier food.
Vegetarian group of 4 - we visited the place recently for dinner. Our group showed up late by 20 mins, but it was a monday and they still helped us out. Kudos there. However, every item we ordered was horrible. -Paneer tikka where the paneer was very lightly grilled. needed a bit more there. -Palak Paneer was the worst I have ever tasted. no flavour whatsoever. -Jaipur kofta was basically a bhajiya with gravy on it. If you are Indian and vegetarian, please avoid with a plague. -Lassi was so spicy that it had to be returned-Naan and Roti were not up to gradeJust like many other places in NYC (Masala times is another similar place as well), I find a stark difference between indian and non-indian clients at these kind of places. Please avoid if you are Indian.
First, definitely make reservations!  I came here on a Thursday at 815 and it was very busy but we were seated right away since we had made reservations!  The service here is very friendly, albeit not the most on point (had to ask to put in our orders, get the check) since they were so busy.As far as food goes, the vegetarian tikka masala was amazing!  Probably the best I've had, I couldnt' get enough.  I also ordered the lamb shank which was high recommended.  The meat was pretty much falling off the bone it was so tender, perfect texture.  I thought it could have used a bit more spice/flavor since it was rather mild, but I still really enjoyed it. I also indulged in a mango lassi which was really nice, not too sweet.Probably my favorite Indian restaurant in Curry Hill!
Just wonderful. I cannot overstate how much I love this place. The food was amazing. Great flavors. Not the usual Indian restaurant menu either. I definitely saw stuff I've never heard of before. I ended up with a chicken curry dish that was just outstanding. And the service was wonderfully attentive. My water glass was never empty. Which is good for me since I drink a lot of water when I eat spicy food. All in all, truly fabulous and I can't wait to come back!
I felt as though I had unlocked a hidden secret this afternoon when I stepped in to the completely empty and yet beautifully clean Pippali, heeding the beckoning of a lunch special sign sitting on the sidewalk. Usually empty means bad, but I have nothing but good things to say for this spectacular restaurant. My $11 lunch special was Lamb Biryani, an elegant rice-and-meat dish prepared with such an array of wild rices and such tender lamb as to please any roaming foodie. A topping of fresh herbs and a fried hard-boiled egg (yes) rounded out what can only be viewed as an upscale version of street cart cuisine. Accompanied by a small salad of basic yet palate-friendly nature and a small gulab jamun honey ball, this little platter may have just become my go-to for "fine dining" at lunch time.
Definitely the best and most authentic Indian restaurant I have ever been to. And I only say that after eating Indian food in all corners of the world. My favorite thing about the restaurant is their variety of Indian food selections, which includes very traditional dishes as well as Indian food with a twist. I also love that when I ask them about which dish is spicy they say, "Don't worry I can make any dish on the menu spicy!" Their garlic naan is also out of this world.Finally, unlike most other Indian restaurants, their wine selection is decent. The waiter recommended the Sula wine from India, and its sweetness paired very well with my VERY SPICY dish. You can also bring a bottle for a corkage fee of $15.If you haven't eaten here, you have not tried truly great Indian food.
I love this place- it's definitely indian comfort food for me. Creamy curries and yummy meat. It's a great place if you're looking for good indian non-vegetarian (or even vegetarian) food. I believe that Pippali specializes in food from Kerala, so there is a lot of seafood on the menu. I actually came here for a small birthday get together with 8 friends and the service was pretty good and surprisingly not too slow for how packed they are. I recommend everything, haha! My favorite is Jaipuri kofta. Good selection of alcohol too if you're into that.
I heard about this place at a wine store by it. The girl at the store said it was awesome, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it. Waiting time was less than 5 mins. We sat down and ordered apps and dinner. The food was amazing. We got the chicken tikka,tandoori chicken, onion naan and regular naan. The flavors were amazing. I have to say this place is trendy and the food was outstanding.
For the price, this is one of the most authentic and outstanding restaurants. Great cocktails, prompt and friendly service, and terrific food. All boxes checked.We got the Seekh Kababs as well as the Hara Chicken Kabab - both amazing. For the main course, the lamb biryani and the Bihari Gosht are solid options. As is their Daal Makhni.
I came here with a friend today and we ordered the two chicken Thalis they were so good and each little dish has like a bit of spice too it and when think it's not spicy it kinda pops up a by after. The restaurant itself is very nice and clean. The waiters were very attentive-they kept the water coming haha I couldn't handle all the spice! I would definitely recommend. The lightings actually a bit dark so it's quite romantic!
Lunch special "thali" is highly recommended. For $10-$12 you get quite a spread of bread, rice, vegetables, meat entrees and dessert, enough to fill you up for the whole day. Great tasting food and variety of dishes.
the service is very good and their chicken tikka is delicious.They have great vegeterian options, we ordered malai kofta and bihari daal which were great.The decor and ambience was good.I would definitely recommend this place and would go there again !
The more I thought about it, the more pissed off I got about this place.Yea it wasn't good at all. Yall are not special. Get your service up, and up properly.Lamb wasn't even that great. tasted like tomato sauce with gaminess at the end.
This restaurant was great. Indian food is an all time favorite of mine ESPECIALLY on a rainy and/or cold night.This place holds up to it's reviews. I really liked it because a) the service was good and attentiveb) the ambience was nice but overwhelmingc) the FOOD FOOD FOOD!!--so creative!!! I love how they take traditional indian flavors and make creative dishes out of it like the "Papri Chat crisps topped with potatoes, chickpeas in a yogurt and mint tamarind sauce." it is sooooo good and what I now call "Indian Nachos". Burst of flavors and perfect appetizer.Also the spicy curry shrimp appetizer is divine!And the NAN here is out of this world.Can't wait until I can go back!
I went thee with my friends who were visiting NYC  for the first time. This place has watered down the taste of its dishes, in last one year. The service has become terrible as well. And I got this feel the service was bad specifically for Indians. Theres no point selling an Indian dish if u are not making it in Indian way. I liked its food when I first went there about an year ago but I won't go there again.
Loved the food! and everyone was so nice! Still have to try the dum quail! But the Lamb we tried was excellent! and the samosa chaat was excellent.Must try!
Best Indian sit down restaurant in New York City! (and yes I have been to Junoon and Tamrind fyi). Authentic and not the usual greasy variety that gives Indian food such a bad rap across America. Their weekday lunch menu is very good and reasonably priced. Highly recommend this place and glad to see a genuinely good place get positive reviews. Its usually the other way around! If you are not used to spice food or want something different try their salmon tikka lunch plate. Its about $11 bucks and totally worth it!
I have been here 3 times so far and love the food.  Following are amazing. Anjerri TikkiHari chicken Malai Paneer TikaDeg MurghiEnjoyed it.
Extremely rude/unfriendly staff. I have been to Pippali 3 times and I have always enjoyed the food. BUT my friends and I didn't have a good experience with Pippali staff. After second bad experience, I am forced to write this review. All my friends and I have experienced very rude/unfriendly behavior from Pippali staff. First time, they forgot our order of Makhani Dal. They served us rest of our order, we waited for few minutes, and then requested Dal. No response from the staff. We started eating, hoping the dal will be served soon. But the dal was served 30 minutes late, by then we had finished eating. There was no apology from staff, moreover they were very shameless by saying "Sir we serve so many people and tables, delay is "expected".     The next time, we tried making reservations on a Friday around 7:45pm for 9pm for the same night. The lady on the phone was like "We don't take last minute reservations", and hung on me. We went there around 8:45pm and was asked to sit on the bar without telling us tentative wait time. Sitting at the bar, we requested wine menu a couple of times. The lady ignored us, pretending busy serving tables. Then a party with a bigger group (4 WHITE people) walked in, they were offered seat at the bar and immediately offered the wine menu. I almost felt discriminated.When we go to a restaurant, we not only expect good food but also a friendly relaxed refreshing experience. Even though the food is extremely delicious from chef Peter Beck, at the end of it, we think twice recommending the place to others and coming back ourselves.
Unbelievably rude waiter / owner - Did not even bother to eat here! We were there on a Friday night and asked him how long it would take for a table, and the guy responds rudely and says " Go write up on Yelp" - So here I am. I will also be writing to nytimes.com soon.
Delicious authentic Indian food served in a very modern setting. Pippali is a great place to go for entertainment or a date because the ambiance of the restaurant is beautiful. It is so very clean, the music is very low key, it is really easy to have a great dinner conversation here. The service is also quite attentive, although there was such a rotation of waiters, servers, bus boys, that I was a bit confused as to who to call for service.They serve a generous serving of papadum with 3 chutneys (tamarind, mango, and mint). We had the spiced nan, kesari murgh (saffron flavored grilled chicken), and I think the Bihari gohst (marinated lamb shanks braised in onion, tomato, and whole spices). Everything is flavored generously, and the very spicy! Prices are a little more expensive than normal for Indian, but it helps pay for better service.
Great Indian cuisine and solid service with a more unique menu than you would find elsewhere that reminded me of some of my favorite restaurants back in Rajasthan. Just be ready for rather cramped quarters, albeit nicely decorated, and poor air circulation at least in the summer. It can get pretty hot inside. So... pretty authentic!
You walk in and immediately it hits you that there are barely any Indian people in here. So food wise don't expect it to be similar in quality to the good restaurants in Curry Hill. However, they do have excellent service and very friendly waiters. 2 stars for food, add 1 star for service.
Ambiance: dimly lit, moderate space with option to sit on benchFood: Fantastic! 5 stars! Try the lamb shank, pumpkin dumplings with channa filling, chicken tikka.  Service: the only reason I gave a 4 is cause the waiters make you feel rushed. Friendly, but too quick for their own good. Bon apetit!
The food was awesome!  I love their sister (?) restaurant Tamarind as well, but this place is like the accessible Tamarind.  Same quality food, good service but much more affordable.
The best Indian restaurant that I've been to in NY. Incredible food, elegant ambiance, attentive service and reasonable prices. They use a lot of south Indian spices and ingredients, although I don't think they bill themselves as a south Indian restaurant.We ordered the mussel appetizer and the scallop appetizer - the mussels were out of this world! The scallops were huge, and had a European presentation with three sauces drizzled on the bottom. We also ordered the eggplant, tandoori sea bass and seafood dosa. The sea bass had a wonderful char on the outside, but was tender on the inside and came in this creamy sauce. The coconut flavor was very subtle. The seafood dosa was amazing - huge pieces of perfectly-cooked seafood - including crab claws - served alongside an enormous crispy dosa with coconut chutney inside. The naan was also delicious - fluffy and buttery. We took my mother here for mother's day, and she loves Indian food. Even she said that this was the best that she'd had in New York. You must come here!
Atmosphere nice and gets crowded so make sure to make a reservation.  Staff is very patient.  Ordered MELAGU CHEMEEN  cooked very well.  Naan was good too.
Came here last night for dinner and loved this place so much!!! I don't think I want to try any other Indian places anymore in the area! First, they came to the table with this crispy light chip type of bread with a sweet chutney and a spicy sauce. it was so good. then we ordered the Bihari Gohst - this was a big piece of lamb in a rich brown sauce with onions and chili peppers. it was AMAZING. it was the perfect combination of spicy and savory and it went perfect with our naan. we also ordered the chicken tikka masala - this was also incredible. the chicken was surprisingly not too dry (as it usually is in this dish) as the sauce was so delicious. i've always wanted to like chicken tikka masala but it never quite won me over - until now and i love it. it complemented the lamb perfectly as well. The food came with some delicious jasmine rice which was great in the chicken and we also ordered garlic naan which was AMAZING and went perfect with both the chicken and the lamb (especially the lamb).if you are in curry hill, i DEFINITELY recommend checking this place out.
It seems since I lived in the city several years ago that the bar for good curry in the City has been raised by restaurants like Pippali. Some great vegan and vegetarian options. Came here with some work colleagues after being intrigued by the good yelp reviews. Wasn't disappointed. Started with the Bombay Dabeli which was sliced potato on a bug chunk of fluffy fried bread. Delicious, very unique and full of flavor and spices. Then after much deliberation I went with the Baingan Ka Salan .... eggplant curry. Which was again bursting with flavor but too spicy. That was entirely my fault. I am so used to watered down curry in the City that I asked for it to be super hot. Won't do that again here :-) The service was great ... tapered off a little towards the end. I am definitely coming back to sample more of the menu. Thanks!
3.5 stars Came here after seeing the amazing reviews on Yelp. Needless to say, I wasn't too impressed. Service was great. For Monday dinner, I made reservations but I didn't need toOrdered Chicken Tika Masala - very good. Flavorful and generous portionsOrdered the lamb Gohst - very uneventful. Immediately regretted ordering itI'm a huge fan of nan, and their nan was really doughy. No bueno.Overall, it was good but just average-good.  Restaurant was nice, but it's definitely nothing spectacular. I probably won't visit again and I definitely wouldn't recommend you to make the trip here. It's a good option if you live/work nearby.
Four thumbs up. Amazing all the way around. Good service, food and ambience. Check it !
First impression was not good.  Everyone was rushing us (party of four) and the host was almost appalled we didn't have a reservation..at a venue such as this?  Anyway, we had the deg gohst, papri chat, paneer tikka, and another unexceptional dish. Everything was mediocre.  I love, love Indian food and appreciate all the flavours and spices but none of them satisfied here.  At least I can say I went in hungry and came out full..of disappointment! I hate to do this so I will come back and give it another chance.
My favorite Indian dish is paneer tikki masala, which is what I typically get when I go to an Indian restaurant. But I'm always curious about the other dishes, wondering what deliciousness I'm missing out on by getting the same thing all the time. That leads me to my point about this place--with the vegetarian lunch special, they brought out a big platter with a salad, a dish with the tikki masala sauce (I don't know what it actually was, but it was what I wanted), an okra dish, two others, rice, naan, and a little desert. I was in awe when I saw them bring it out. The total came out to be like $10.80 or something, and it was enough food that I had to take a lot of it to go. There are a lot of Indian restaurants in the area, but I'm definitely glad I chose this place. The food was good and nicely priced, the staff was super friendly and it was very clean. It looks like a place that would have higher prices, in fact. I definitely recommend it.
Poor wait staff. When asked if they had a table, got a response "can you see if any table is empty" , come back. Not hospitable
My only complaint is the chicken tikka masala was good, but a little too sweet. Other than that everything was perfect. Easy to get in and out of. Usually not too busy. Definitely will go back.
Pippali is my go-to restaurant for Indian food in the Murray Hill area, and I've already gone back multiple times for dinner. Palak Paneer (4.5/5): This is their spinach and paneer dish, and quite good. I've only tried a few others in the area but this was the best by far and i get it every time I come back. -- $16Murgh Tikka Masala (4.5/5): This is chicken tikka masala and again, one of the best in the area in flavor. Portion size could be better as you only get a few pieces, but this does seem to be the standard in the area. -- $16Batak Utthapam (1.5/5): This is a duck dish with an interesting mushroom pancake like side which is known as "utthapam". The utthapam had great flavor, and the duck was cooked nicely, but its flavor was a little bit too strong for our tastes. -- $22Sabud Dum Bhindi (3/5): An okra dish. I personally am not a fan of okra so it is difficult to evaluate but the girlfriend pushes for this every time. Can't be terrible. -- $15 Kombdi Kolapuri (2/5) This is a chicken dish with a bit of kick. The coconut flavor is masked by the chili, which was personally disappointing. -- $16 Mushroom Tak Tak (5/5) I love this mushroom and veggie medley. It's a super simple idea, but so tasty and provides a good balance to the other dishes. Great portion for a side. -- $10 Experience (4/5): The mango lassi is delicious and quite large. On busy nights, the wait can be over 30 min so plan accordingly. Every time I have been, the restaurant has been crowded, but the people are quite friendly. Take-out is also always straightforward. They always seem to run out of bhatura, the fried fluffy dough.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------How food scoring works (very subjective, and relative to price)1 - Given the price, no3 - Worth, taste is on par with 5 - An absolute steal, amazing taste and great value
Bery delicious Indian food. We feel qualified to review because we lived in Abu Dhabi which had amazing Indian food, and this was as good as anything we ever had in the Middle East. I ordered the Kerala Kalan that was a coconut yogurt sauce over different root vegetables. It was creamy and not spicy and very delicious. The samosas were great too, and the garlic nan. Our table got four dishes total and all were really good. Wait staff friendly and helpful too.
Went to Pippali with great expectations but its suffices to say, it was the first and last time.First of all we waited for over 30 min despite having confirmed reservations. The manager offered us a round of shots so as to compensate, which i thought was nice but would rather prefer having our table made available on time.The place was extremely crowded (Which is always encouraging) and we were seated towards the end of the restaurant, right next to the wall which separates the kitchen from the dining area. Mid-way through dinner, right next to our table we saw a humungous cockroach make its way up on the wall. The staff made an effort to catch and kill the roach but our entire group pretty much lost our appetite by then.The manager looked and sounded pissed at us rather than being apologetic about the incident. He then offered to take 50% off the bill, as the "Most he could do" after talking to the owner. Not only was that insulting but also a complete dis-regard for the experience and our time on a fri night.It's not uncommon to see roaches in New York City, but no one wants to see them on a wall right next to where you're eating. Basic cleanliness and hygiene is not much to expect in restaurants.At the end of the day what angered me more was the attitude of the manager rather than the incident itself. It goes a long way to show how important customer satisfaction is to them.
I called ahead to order take-out, and I walked the few blocks from my apartment to this place to retrieve it.  Well before I reached Pippali, I could smell the aroma of their food down the street.  Fantastic!Since I had ordered ahead, but hadn't waited very long before going to pick it up, my food was understandably not ready.  Many of the reviews here criticize the waitstaff at Pippali for being rude.  My experience was quite the opposite.  The staff were deeply apologetic for not having my food ready 5 minutes after I ordered it.  I settled in at the bar and ordered a gin and tonic while I waited.The bartender certainly earned his keep, pouring quite the heavy G&T, and offering his suggestions for other gin-related drinks he thought I should try sometime.  After waiting another 10 minutes, the manager came out, deeply apologetic, to inform me that my food would be another few minutes and instructed the bartender to give me a free drink.  I said, that's OK, no problem, but the bartender poured (heavy!) another G&T for me.  When I finally got my food, my head was practically spinning.  Good drinks.As for the food: great!  This is actually the first Indian food I've ever had that wasn't so heavy that I didn't want to pass out after I'd eaten it.  I got the Lamb Ghost (really delicious) and the Chaat Samosa (really unusual and interesting, sprinkled with pomegranate seeds).Only downside: a little pricey for an Indian place.  But the restaurant is tastefully decorated, the ambiance is pleasant, and the staff are friendly and extremely courteous.  It seemed worth the money to me.  I think this would be an excellent place to bring a date, and I will most definitely be returning with my wife.
This place is amazing.  This was the best Indian food I've had in a long time.  We started with the Papri Chat, which to me was just ok.  My friend liked it a lot.  We then moved on to this curry shrimp dish and the Batak Uttapam (duck).  I've really never had good luck with Indian and seafood but the shrimp was truly an excellent dish.  I had never even heard of duck at an Indian place, but it was one of the house specialties, so I gave it a try.  It was another great dish and hit me in my happy place.Pippali has now become my favorite restaurant for Indian and I will be back soon to try many of their other dishes.
The chicken tikka masala was deliciously buttery and served at the optimal temperature. The lamb was surprisingly memorable because the spices accentuated the inherent flavor of the lamb meat. It's best to bring ~10 people in order to share a taste of every major dish.
Went for dinner on a Thursday with my husband around 7pm, no reservation. No wait, but we got the second last table and the restaurant was packed the entire time we were there. Ordered CTM and a shrimp coconut curry and a garlic naan. Service was good and the food arrived quickly. CTM was tasty (more tomatoey than others I've tried). The chicken tikka was a little dry for me, but my husband didn't think so. The shrimp was perfectly cooked though, and de-shelled. The garlic naan was perfect -- generous amount of garlic, but finely minced. Not overly soggy with butter/ghee and a nice consistency :)Prices were pretty good and serving size was perfect. However, the restaurant was unbearably noisy. I almost left as soon as we were seated, but I was too hungry. I could not hear a word my husband was saying. We left as quickly as possible after eating! If it were possible to hold a conversation, I'd give it 5*. I would only come back if I knew they were not busy. Unfortunate, since the food was super tasty!
YUM.Atmosphere/Decor: Nice. Business casual-feeling. It looks classy and comfortable; not overbearing. Handful of circular slightly-intimate tables in the center and large square ones to host larger parties. (While I was there, it seemed like a special event was going on because there was a rectangle table with important looking patrons and the waiter was announcing each dish all fancily.)Service:Sadly, somehow, they overbooked when we made our reservation. However, the night we were there seemed like a busy and important night and the owner or someone in charge seemed to be very attentive, making sure everything was going well.  We had to wait 20-30 minutes, so I just ordered a drink on the side. The bartender could have been a hint more attentive, but overall it was a pleasant experience. The waitress who took our order was also friendly while she dealt with our party of five. Food: YUMMMMMMM. The lamb dish (bihari gohst) with garlic naan was amazing. Best garlic naan ever. And I'm from Singapore. I also had the Batak Uttapam and that was nice, but I really liked the Bihari Gohst. We also had the chicken tikka appetizer, and as it's a standard dish in most restaurants that I usually am skeptical of getting because they're often too dry or something, I have to say that this one was THE BEST I've had besides one in the Philippines, randomly. It was warm and juicy, and the complimentary pappadam that they served was also tasty.The rose petal ice cream was also super tasty. :D I will be back.
During my parents' visit to NYC, they found themselves craving Indian food. Since the Indian places I've visited in the city didn't have a great track record, we decided to go with the Yelp ratings and head over to Pippali.While the prices initially seemed a little high, we really liked the creativity of the menu items. The food seemed to feature a lot of flavors, spices and recipes from the Goa and Kerala regions. We started by ordering the Sungta Kismuri which was basically seafood served on top of a dosa. Very nontraditional and creative! It was delicious. We also ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, the Neera Dosa and an okra dish I can't remember. The flavors were excellent, and the food was rich and spicy without being greasy.The dessert, however, was a different story. We ordered the Mango Amarkhand, and it was basically an insane sugar explosion. As in, sickeningly sweet. I wanted so badly to pour in a tub of Greek yogurt to dilute the sweet! As a result, the dessert was unfortunately not enjoyable. The dinner overall was pleasant, though! :)
Food is delicious, decor is beautiful. Restaurant is small and rather cramped and service can be inattentive on weekends due to the large number of people there. If you're okay dealing with that, definitely check this place out. This is probably one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to. Every dish was delicious.
This place is great!!!! This inspired a love of Indian food that I can't wait to expand. The Naan bread is absolutely amazing. I am not a lentil person and their lentils are yummmyyy. I go as often as I can
Slow delivery but after talking to these guys a few times on the phone, it slow due to demand. Food is 4 start - and appitizers are nearly meal size. Nan is amazing. 2 stars because the meal I just ate had a prominent gray hair in the Paneer Tikka. If I venture to this place again, it will be under skepticism, but will update review accordingly, as hair in food is inevitable. 1 Chicken Tikka  $9.00  x 1  =  $9.001 Paneer Tikka  $10.00  x 1  =  $10.001 Topped Nan  $4.00  x 1  =  $4.00
Living within walking distance of Curry Hill has got to be one of the best parts of living in New York, and I was so happy to try Pippali when it opened.  They have an excellent version of the Bhel Puri, and I loved their Palak Paneer.  They have an amazing bread pudding (Double Ka Meetha) as well.  Also, they deliver!
The food here just has so much flavor! The vegetarian dishes... I'm not a vegetarian, but I wouldn't mind being one if I ate those dishes all the time. We ordered a little of everything from the menu and everything came out delicious.  I will come back.
Never had Indian food before and I really liked it.  The service was very good, attentive and helpful.  As appetizer we had Samosas, which were good.  We ordered 5 different plates so everyone could taste everything.  The plates were Murgh Tikka Masala (very good), Kombdi Kolapuri (spicy but very good), Melagu Chemeen (the best of the bunch, great fish, absolutely great), Deg Murgh (another good spicy chicken) and Bihari Gohst (I dont like lamb but this was good).
Amazing!!! Me and my party of 3 shared numerous appetizers including  chaat samosas and more and all was incredible. Also ordered the duck and lamb shank entree. Unforgettable flavors. We are out of towners and will surely be back.
It is fair to say that I know a good Indian restaurant from a not so good one - Pippali is truly 5 star all things considered.Prices are extremely reasonable given the quality of the establishment (food, drink, decor, service, restrooms etc).Wines on offer are delicious and robust enough to pair well with your meal.My wife orders their equivalent of chicken tikka masala every time we eat there whereas I am a lot more adventurous when confident everything we order will be delicious.Their vegetable fritters were amazing, the Okra entree is packed with flavor. On our last visit I tried a seafood rice entree that is about as far away from what I would usually order at an Indian restaurant - it was simply delicious. We always order more food than we can ever eat, the waiters could not be more gracious when packaging up the leftovers to take home. They provide aluminum containers with multiple compartments so everything travels perfectly!I honestly do not have a constructive point to offer, this is fast becoming one of our favorite restaurants!Try it!
Pretty good food, especially compared to the competition in the area.The chili naan was incredible, garlic naan was pretty good and onion naan was decent.The rice was flavorful and perfectly cooked.The jaipuri kofta was good. Overall, the dishes had good flavor but could have used a little more kick (even when asked to make it spicy, it wasn't even close). Service was great, but the place is a little small. Decent portion sizes. Fair prices.
Delicious! This is my go-to Indian spot. Mango lassi is delicious. Everything is good here. One favorite is their lamb curry. Talented kitchen! This is a great place for groups.The service is also wonderful. All the servers are so friendly and very helpful.
I was on a short trip to NYC with my wife and I checked out this place on yelp.After having dinner there,I must say it was as good as it can get for Indian food. One of the best dishes was Murg Tikka Masala which is basically butter chicken and it was simply out of this world. Kudos to the Chef.
After living overseas and getting Indian food at places that cater almost 100% to Indians, I was wondering what this would taste like. It was excellent! Murgh tikka Marsala was amazing, the garlic nan was light and fresh without too much garlic. The samosa chat is the dish to try when you get in. Wonderful combination of tastes with light crust. Service was good...could be better and that would make it 5 stars, but there was nothing wrong with it. I absolutely recommend this one!
The vegetarian lunch is fabulous: tasty, great portion size, not crazy spicy. The owner is the bustling busy kind but is courteous and efficient. A great deal at this price for midtown Manhattan. Worth visiting again and again. The food is as good as the one in London, which is the Mecca of Indian food in the Western world.
Im a regular customer here. They treat me amazing. Always polite. Food is very fresh. small and cozy establishment.  Im very big on Indian food.
This is as good as any of the Indian food I had when I  lived in London. I've never eaten in the restaurant, only  did take-out which is terrific.
I recently dined at Pippali with some friends from out of town. They picked the place and to be completely honest I am not a huge fan of Indian food. Lets just say that I have some issues with food that is over seasoned. I am so glad however that my friends chose this place. The food was outstanding and so was the service. The breads were great especially the naan and my entree of Chilean sea bass was delicious. Perfectly seasoned and prepared. The entire table enjoyed their meal. The only negative was the noise level in the restaurant made it a bit difficult for conversation. I will definitely try to go back when in NYC.
Thali lunch is delicious and great value. Service is quick and friendly. Highly recommended. Will also check out for dinner.
This place has delicious Indian food in an upscale and cozy environment. Only thing I didn't like was they kicked us out of our table when we were chatting for another party. I definitely understand the have to keep things going, but I love a place where I can leisurely enjoy company. Delicious food- highly recommend.
Outstanding addition to the New York Indian dining scene. We have been on two occasions and consistently impressed  by all the dishes. The depth and creativity of the menu makes us want to go back and try everything.The attentive and helpful staff add to the experience. Lastly, the prices are reasonable given the quality and creativity of the cuisine. Pippali should serve as a wake up call to places like Tamarind, Junoon and Devi, who have forgotten how to innovate and are charging $$$ for run of the mill food.Kudos Samir and team!
I came here with my girlfriend, the food was great. I got the tikki masala and my girlfriend got the tandoori chicken. They were both really good.
My new favorite Indian restaurant. This is a great addition to Curry (Murray) hill. Everything I have had in this place has been consistently outstanding.  Thalipeeth, which is something I have never seen on any menu is my favorite appetizer. Our friend recommended it, its a Maharashtrian dish. It's really good. For dessert do not miss Double ka meetha, Indian version of the bread pudding.
Great food, this is now our fave spot for Indian. I have not had a bad dish here. I'm especially fond of the Samosa Chat, (although it's a bit spicy for my wimpy taste buds) and the Melagu Chemeen, which is truly amazing (buttery sea bass covered in a light delicious cream sauce). FYI, generally the food is on the spicier side. The staff here are gracious and friendly, even when some oaf (me) breaks a glass. The only negative is that the acoustics make it very loud during the busy dinner rush.
This place is awesome. It has some really unique dishes which after having grown in India had never heard of. The dabeli is simply amazing. I've always had it and it takes me back to the streets of Mumbai. The Neer dosa is not a real neer dosa but the dish is acceptable. The Lagan da Murgh is always a hit. Its not what you expect for an indian curry dish, at least not what my non-indian friends expected. Its on the sweeter side but contains tremendous flavours. The Mutsch is also another great dish here. The meat is soft and juicy and the chutey rice is suprisely a great compliement to the dish. A little hard to share this one, not due to the portions but due to the way its plated. Its staff is super friendly and manager made us very comfortable. They didn't have the dessert we wanted so the manager gave a free dessert on the house. The only con of the place is that the dessert menu doesn't match the amazing diversity of food they have. Its dull and boring. I hope in the future they make desserts more exciting. if you're not looking for a traditional indian meal, but something new, this is the place.
A modernized Indian place just off Lex in Curry Hill. Have been twice, and it's very solid northern Indian with a few dishes I'd never seen. Standards (chicken tikka, saag,  chana) all excellent, and they are not afraid of the chillies.Nice enough for a date, too, which is honestly not always the case with cheaper places...
You absolutely can't beat this Indian restaurant for a great, inexpensive lunch.  Beautiful atmosphere and attentive service
Good Indian takeout place if you order the right stuff. Vegetarian dumplings dish is awesome.
Amazing food with hefty portions and great prices. I'm talking about the lunch special - it's not the usual indian lunch buffet but you end up with extra food that you can actually take home. The food is wonderful and the staff is really friendly. I love that it's not crowded during lunch and looks like a fancy place but with nice prices. Lots of TLC in the food here!
Got the chicken tikka thali for the lunch special and loved it. Stand out was the curry and the cloud like naan!
The best it not the standard menu its a chef cooking india style and its magnificent. Things like the appetizer ANJEERI TIKKI, Roasted beet and carrot patties stuffed with fig and mint. so good.
Ok I really don't have time to write a review right now but am trying not to break my new year resolution of not putting things off.  i ordered delivery from Pippali and although they initially didn't want to deliver to my address, which is still in Murray Hill but right outside of their delivery zone, I was able to convince them to deliver.  Huge star for being flexible.  I hope they will expand their delivery zone b/c I definitely would like to order from them again w/o having to beg each time.  Glad they were willing to oblige b/c the food was delicious.  I ordered so many things that I've been eating it all weekend long.So this is what I ordered and would order it again (although next time will probably try other dishes since every thing on their menu sounds good):Anjeeri Tikki - Roasted beet and carrot patties stuffed with fig and mint.  My boyfriend asked if this was dessert b/c it was sweet and he loves sweet dishes.Jaipuri Kofta - Chickpea, spinach, green pumpkin dumplings in onion, ginger and garlic masala sauce.  This seemed more like patties than dumplings.Machli Salne - Branzini cooked in ginger, garlic, poppy seeds and chilies topped with brown crisp onions.  This is chunks of fish in the sauce not a whole fish.  Still good though.Bihari Gohst - Marinated lamb shanks braised in onion, tomato and whole spices.  Bf loved this although he accidentally ate a chunk ginger that was topped as garnish.  Note for next time, remove the ginger garnishes.Bihari Dal - Lentils cooked with onions, tomatoes, cumin and dried fenugreek.  Light tasting, kind of reminds me of American lentil soup but way more flavorful.  I really like this dish.Garlic Nan - must i explain; just get itCan't wait to go and try in person especially their desserts.  Maybe after a few more orders/visits, I'll upgrade them to a 5 star if they continue to excel.
delicious flavors! They were packed and we didn't have a reservation so had to wait a bit to be seated. First round ofDrinks on the house. The flavors did not disappoint! Waiter steered us in the right direction as well. Will come back for sure.
This place has won me over. Another newly opened Indian restaurant in Curry Hill. Yet instead of being another nondescript place where all of the menu lumps together, Pippali really stands out. Starting with the atmosphere...the restaurant is cozy and well decorated, there was a birthday party in the center and many people on dates in the small tables on the sides...4.5/5Service: awful, the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars. They took forever with our food granted it was 8pm on a weekday and the place was at 80%. We had ordered some Roti and Dal as appetizers and they literally spent that out along with the rest of our entree. The tables become really cluttered with all these bowls of food. And we had to ask twice for the check at the end of the meal...2/5Food: AMAZE-BALLS. I had the Lagan de Murgh, I was literally scraping the sauce off the plate because it was so good. The boy had the Chicken Murgh that was pretty solid as well. The Bihari dal was probably the best dal I have had in my life, so creamy and delicious. 5/5Hopefully they work out their service issues because I will definitely be coming back. Note, the food is slightly on the pricier side but I rather pay a few dollars more where I will actually remember what kind of curry and meat combination I actually ate.
Had dinner here on my own and it was a nice place to dine solo. Not too crowded. Great good and good, non-hurried service. The recommendations made for food were spot on.
I have noted this new (and interesting) Indian restaurant and have been meaning to check it out for a while...and man am I excited I finally did!! :) The food and service was exceptional! I was moaning with delight on every bite I took of my Dabeli, Anjeer Tikki, and Double ka Meetha (desert)!! The Chaas (drink) I got was refreshing and perfectly seasoned, and not watered down like at many Indian restaurants! I am from India and know how some of these dishes should taste, and I sure as he'll was blown away!I'm definitely going back to try all the dishes I wanted to but couldn't. The dessert menu looked so interesting and creative, unlike the standard desserts served at most Indian restaurants!My only feedback for the restaurant to work on, would be to replace the deep-fried (and glistening with oil, which is unappetizing) papads offered on the house, with the roasted version.My request and wish for all new awesome restaurants is to please sustain your quality and customer-care! Please don't let the success get to you, and you stop caring about feeding us your great good! Good Luck Pippali, and cheers until next time (which will be very soon)! :)
food is excellent. Enjoyed the vindaloo (very spicy!) and Jaipuri Kofta.
Excellent food. One of the best Indian joints I've been to in New York.
Probably the best palak paneer I've ever had. Easy and fast take-out.
Palak Paneer and the Deg Gohst were magical especially with a garlic nan. Great service and atmosphere too. 80-90% capacity and we walked in for an immediate table.
Service here was great. I could tell all the servers were genuinely friendly and it made a big difference for e. Boyfriend and I came here for lunch and ordered the small entree + lifetime supply worth of appetizers. He got the chicken tikki masala, which was creamy, sweet, and flavorful (not too spicy). I ordered the lamb[something], which was tender, but unfortunately a bit spicy for me. The little bowl of yogurt helped me handle the spiciness better though. They gave me the option of making it with less butter though, which I really appreciated. So the entrees were both great, but the aloo that came with it was kinda soggy. The naan and mango lassi was average. The gulab jamun was amazing though. It only comes with one, but it was the perfect amount. It wasn't over-poweringly swet like other places make it. Mmmmm...
Wonderful service, absolutely amazing bhindi, some unique dishes  to  choose from, would definitely go back! Beet/carrot app was interesting. The Shiraz from india was a bit intense for me, but im not much of an exotic wine drinker.
Can't beat the $10.95 chicken thali lunch special with chicken tikka masala. Fast service. Great value for the price.
Popping on a Saturday night! Had a reservation for 8PM but was made to wait for 40 minutes before being seated.. Ordinarily, this would piss me off tremendously, but the maître d seemed like such a nice chap that was about to explode from the immense stress and urgency in the chaos.He comped us any appetizer of our choosing for the wait. Thank you good sir!Collectively we got the Chicken Tikka appetizer, Bihari Gohst (lamb), Deg Gohst (lamb), Machli Tikka (salmon), and Garlic Naan. All the meats were juicy, well-cooked and flavorful! You might want to ask them to turn up the heat on the curries though because the default setting is not very high. Regardless as like at all Indian places, you will feel compelled to eat more carbs than you should to get all that curry down!! However, there was this big dash of cranberry sauce on the side of my Machli Tikka that made zero sense and was completely out of place.. it just didn't go with the salmon at all. Guys, no need to try and "westernize" the plating! Put something else or drop it. Can't ding them too much because everything else was solid.If you don't mind waiting a little for some good sit-down Indian at this new hotspot in Curry Hill, then Pippali deserves your business.
I just had the worst dining experience EVER here. I'll skip to the end which is the worst part. When we asked the waiter to box the leftovers, he took with him 3 out of 4 things inside (leaving behind the bread basket, which was understandable as he could not carry all of them at once). He boxed them and brought 'em out in a bag. Meanwhile someone else had come and picked the bread basket and it appeared to be the guy to collect used plates etc. Of course, upon not seeing the bread in my bag, I asked the waiter why it was missing. He went in the kitchen and I could see him going through the tray/bucket of used plates etc. (if you are there, you can see through the swinging door which is constantly oscillating with staff going in and out of kitchen). He came out a few seconds later with a quarter of bread wrapped (we definitely had more left in our basket) in a silver foil. I couldn't resist pointing out that I could see him going through trash and how could he possibly find "our" bread when he had lost track of it. His response was, "You are crazy", and he said a bunch of other things in a very defensive tone, but this is enough to give you the picture. I wish the staff had some integrity to tell the truth instead of giving me stuff out of trash, or had the decency to politely answer a genuine concern I expressed. I could write a detailed review about the food and wait times, but my next order of business is a complaint to the city health department Monday morning.
Had a great meal here! I had the Murch Tikka Masala (chicken) and it was probably the most well made I haw had. You could tell it was cooked with expertise and care. Delicious naan as well!My boyfriend had the okra dish (Dum Bhindi) and there were some really interesting flavors in it!  This isn't the cheapest Indian food, but you can tell in the cooking, you completely get what you pay for. The service was also really great, super sweet waiters and really attentive. No complaints! Definitely a great place to go for a date night or a relaxing dinner!
Best Indian restaurant I've ever been to, and I've been quite a few, coast to coast and overseas.  We spent five days in NYC visiting various highly rated ethnic cuisines.  My wife and I agreed this was the best.  Yes the food is excellent.  The prices are more than fair.  Portions generous.  Ambience fun but still intimate.  Service impeccable.  And my pet peeve, the bathrooms, spotless.We'll definitely be back.
Hungry from a rough day at work, I stumbled upon Pippali on a way to a friend's house down on 27th street. My taste buds were begging for something spicy, authentic, and not too overwhelming. My first thought? Tandoori Chicken! and boy was I glad I made that choice. I started with the garlic nahn with the 3 choices of chutneys; Phenomenal! Not too spicy yet pungent with delicious flavors-the cilantro chutney was my favorite. The Tandoori Chicken was the best I've had in years! perfectly marinated, perfectly grilled, and perfectly juicy inside. Only downfall was the side of salad; too mushy and way too oily. Other than that, the dish was a hit! I will be coming here again.
This place is amazing and you must try it! However, if this is your first time trying Indian food, you will be ruined lol. Every other Indian restaurant is subpar compared to this establishment. The food and staff are out of this world. The president, Pradeep, is more helpful that I could ever express. He truly rounds off this amazing dining experience. This restaurant does cater to those who are Gluten free or sensitive. I drive into the city just to go here. Highly recommended!
I went to this place last night. The place was very busy, however accommodating in getting seats asap to us ( 2 people). The food was delicious, and what was amazing was that we did not have to wait forever to eat. I had the chicken Tikka, garlic nan, mango lassi...al very delicious and well done! Reason why I won't give a 5 star is because the water they served was dirty. Other than that, I would return.
Had dinner here last weekend with my friends. We found this place on yelp and decided to eat there because of the good reviews and indeed everything was delicious.So basically, I am a vegetarian and I don't really like spicy food and I kind of complained that everybody wanted to eat indian food because I am not a big fan but I am glad to admit that all this time that I was resisting to eat indian food I WAS WRONG!The food in this place was so delicious! I had the Subz Tikka Masala (a little bit spicy but I could stand it) and tried some other vegetarian dishes from my friends and everything tasted really good! Although the food had the distinct smell of indian food with all the spices that I don't really like, the taste made me change my mind about indian food, it was yummy. I would definitely eat here again and again. I am giving this place 5 stars!
Stopped in for dinner with a few friends before a concert. We were running late and I was worried service might be slow. Turns out I was worried for nothing. Cocktails, food and service were all excellent and the menu was moderately priced for the area. The Chicken Tikka and Bihari Gosht (Marinaded Lamb Shank) were by far my favorites, although none of the dishes disappointed. Will definitely go here again when I'm in the area.
Food was excellent...service was the usual "organized chaos" you expect...but the food was very good and all of the dishes were were prepared and fresh with just the right amount of spice.
I ate her recently with my husband and was in love with my food.  I got the Jaipuri Kofta which is like chickpea meatballs in a sauce and it was to die for. The tandoori chicken appetizer was good but saucier than tandoori usually is.  My husband wasn't over the moon about what he got, the  Bihari Gohst, but he doesn't usually eat lamb and he is super picky about his Indian food so I'm not counting his opinion for much. I wouldn't call this place the most authentic indian cuisine but it was delicious and they served alcohol (always a plus in my book).  Makes a nice date night spot!
Been here a couple times for dinner now with friends. Their Kababs are great (we had the green chicken kababs), with some decent beers for company. The main course is pretty solid too. I'm not surprised they are always packed.
My most favorite dining experience every time I am in New York! The staff is wonderful, the food spectacular, and the environment is perfect. You must eat here, it's on the top of my list not only for Indian food, but restaurants in general.
As a vegetarian, I've eaten a lot of Indian food. I mean, A LOT. I mean binge eating Indian for weeks until I began dancing bollywood in my dreams.With that said, I know good Indian food. There's only 3 places in this world where I've had amazing Indian food: actual India, Bukhara restaurant in Boston and Pippali in NYC.For vegetarians, I recommend the Paneer Korma. It's like a creamy, buttery, amazing version of tiki masala with paneer that delicately melts in your mouth. I'd recommend topping that off with a pashwari naan for a sweet and earthy compliment to the korma. Finish it up with kheer for a milky delight. (I take my Indian food seriously).I detract one star for the following reasons: 1) Like most Indian restaurants, the prices are not cheap. Expect to pay $30-40 per person for a main dish, naan, dessert and drink.2) The manager was extremely rude. Our dinner party was wrapping up our meal and paying our $200 bill when the manager interrupts our conversation with, "do you think you can hurry up, we have another party waiting to sit down".Despite the price and customer service, I continue to return to Pippali like a crack fiend (too extreme?) because once you find good Indian, you're stuck for good.
This is getting a whopping 5 stars because of their amazing chicken tikka. The chicken tikka appetizer consists of four medium sized pieces that are perfectly cooked and out of the world. It was $9 but amazing!The appetizers were nothing earth shattering, but still quite good. The garlic naan was delicious and you got 6 large pieces for $5The lamb ghosh was good...***BE SURE TO MAKE A RESERVATION BECAUSE IT IS SMALL AND IS BUSY
The food here was good like most Indian restaurants that I've been to. However the service is very poor and might be the worst service I've had in a long time. When my friend and I were ordering our food, the waiter for some reason didn't like what my friend wanted to order and tried to recommend something else. While we were eating the complementary snacks before our food arrived, the waiter came and took the snacks away while we were still eating and brought out the ordered food. He didn't even tell us why he did this. The proper protocol would have been to ask if we were done or whether we wanted our ordered food at that moment. Then someone else proceeded to bring us the check for another table. The service was such a mess and I won't be going back.
Ate here yesterday while on a short trip to New York.  We were staying in midtown, wanted Indian, and decided on here based on the favorable reviews.  We ended up going around 8pm and the place was almost full.  The atmosphere was pleasant with low lighting and just the right amount of background noise.  The only downside was that tables are very close together so you can overhear neighboring conversations.  Service was generally attentive, with frequent water refills (a must when deciding to opt for the spicy option).  We asked for the waiters recommendation and he had some good suggestions based on our preferences. We ended up choosing jaipuri kofta (15$) and kombdi kolhapuri (16$) as well as a side of naan (3$).  The kofta was sweet and very flavorful.  The chicken in the kolhapuri was tender and cooked well.  The sauce was spicy (about a 6.5 out of 10).  Overall the food was good but not great.  Portion size was good and we had leftovers.
Good Indian food place. The food is delicious and well made. Their naan is very tasty and fresh. Highly recommend.
Solid Indian food. Chicken Tikka Masala was pretty good. Usually as a starter they bring out crisps and little dipping sauces. The sauces rule. Service was a bit lacking but overall good experience.
I have eaten a lot of Indian food in the area and this is the best by far. I still try others b/c I just moved here but I still go back to this place every two weeks. Once I am done eating all the Indian food in the area i am guessing this will still be the best place.  They are really nice and work with you on delivery. I did go and eat here once (i mainly do delivery) and the place was clean and I liked the noise level. The door was open at one point and the gentleman saw that I was cold and he closed it. The lunch portion is a little small (chicken Tikka Mas & Spinach)  but if you take a break and eat all the food you will get full. I am 5'8  & weigh 130lbs.On my delivery I ask them to add a little more for a small charge and they have no problem doing it. I then can get two days out of it...It is well worth it!!Love this place... I will keep ordering from here!!
THE WORST! I ordered food at 7:20 PM. It is now 9:20 PM. Estimated delivery time: 60 minutes. My food: still not here. We had to call 3 times to find out where the food was. Every time we were told the delivery guy was outside. 30 minutes pass, no food. 30 more minutes, still no food. The staff finally said they had no idea where the delivery guy was, or where our food ended up. I have to quickly type this review before I pass out from hunger. Update: I finally got the food at 9:45. It was okay, not even average. Freezing cold, no cucumber raita, no chutneys. We were incredibly disappointed by this place. Maybe it was just an off day, but I can't understand all of the rave reviews.
I'm used to Amma, and this place was pretty good!
Must go for their lunch specials ! Had the tandoori chicken lunch special.Was amazed to find that it was very well marinated...Also recommend the Thalis.. We tried the lamb curry lunch special Thali which was very good
Decent food but not decent enough to make up for TERRIBLE SERVICE and unreasonably high prices. My friend and I were literally hovered over and stared at while we conversed after having finished our meal and received the check. In all fairness, a group was waiting for a table, but it's not clear why we were targeted rather than the half dozen other customers who had finished their meals or were close to it. There are undoubtedly much better options in the immediate vicinity in terms of food quality, prices, and definitely service.
Tucked on 27th avenue, peppali is a small restaurant with quality indian cuisine. Peppali offers many options including vegetarian dishes and innovative meals. This restaurant is not the best for those sensitive to spice and is densely packed, but the food is divine.Peppali's mango lassie is the best I have ever had. It is smooth, creamy, and the perfect mixture of sweet and tart.The chicken tikka masala is excellent over the beautiful jasmine rice.All in all, it was excellent.
Um, nom?  Last time I wrote a review on an indian restaurant it was in a desperate attempt to keep their doors open, but this place is packed usually!The food is really, really good.  Actually, gonna change the 4 to 5 stars because it is my new indian restaurant.  Not sure if it is actually culturally legit, (although I did spend a couple of months in india) because it tastes slightly different (indian food on steroids?).  Maybe saltier, and heavier.  Papaddum tasted totally different than I've ever had, but in a super delicious, ridiculously unhealthy way.Luckily, I am not on a diet, (yet -- although I HAVE just found this place so maybe mid-summer), but the palak paneer was oozing flavor (aka oil), and the chicken tikka was incredibly rich.Everything is on point.  I love raita and they make theirs with veggies and perfectly seasoned.  Naan is steaming and soft and delicious!  The samosas were ok.  Also portions are huge; the lunch is an unbelievable deal because you get like 5 things and dipping sauces for 10 dollars!  Mouth watering.  Must go now.
Called the restaurant this evening for a take out order. A guy called Bobby picks the phone and has a very bad demeanor. I asked for his manager and of course I was told that he was unavailable. He starts swearing and acted very erratic. If the owner is reading this review please get this man out of your payroll before he brings your store down. I and hopefully none of my friends will be patronizing this restaurant anymore.-SI
The table comes with some chips and three chutneys, all were very good. Had the chicken tiki marsala w naan and rice and a bottle of kingfisher. Service was friendly, place was clean, food was very good. Definitely recommend.
Had a very nice experience at Pippali with out of towners looking for interesting/upscale/delightful Indian food. Our service was very good and the food was great. Our server recommended the app Anjeeri Tikki, a beet/carrot patty which didn't sound that great but was super delicious. My companions had the crab cakes (which they loved) and a shrimp special (I believe it had masala sauce on the side) that was pretty good but not awesome. I had a vegetarian dish that is not on their online menu and I can't remember the name but it was very good - something with eggplant that had the consistency of meatballs - yum! Atmosphere is comfortable (not too fancy but sophisticated) and restrooms are clean and new. They were still waiting for their hard liquor license so I did not try any cocktails, but had a decent selection of beers. If I lived in Kips Bay, I would eat here often.
Usually I don't write any review but this restaurant was so bad I wanted to talk about it.So from outside it looks very nice and fancy.However very bad service from every single waiter. The Food not good at all we had some seafood that was not fresh.
Looking for a go to Indian restaurant - and found it!Great food, great service & atmosphere. Definitely going back!
Great Indian food! Service was amazing, we ordered too much food and he knew how to help us with our orders, too bad we couldn't take it back to the hotel. Every dish was wonderful, enjoyed everything!
The food is delicious! The atmosphere is cozy, and the service is fantastic! Everyone is warm and accommodating. I went here once with a good friend I hadn't seen in years and they let us taste various wines and soups. Then I went again with a big group of friends for a birthday party and they filled up our leftovers with extra delicious rice and sauces, etc. It's great for vegetarians (like me) and meat eaters (like my friends). yum. Enjoy!
AMAZING! I have been here twice and both times I have left extremely satisfied. The food is dream-worthy, the atmosphere is relaxed and it gets a full score for cleanliness! For all the other yelpers that got bad service, I did not have that experience at all. The first time my boyfriend and I ate here, it was empty and so obviously the staff was very attentive and friendly. The second time, it was 8:00pm on a Thursday night, the place was packed but we were seated right away. The food came in a timely manner, the waitstaff managed to come check on us multiple times, and our waiter went above and beyond accommodating us in terms of taking away the leftover part of our meal and even bringing us extra rice to pack. Our water glasses were also never below half empty-amazing, especially considering the fact that not a single table was empty in our latter experience. I'll be back, again and again!PS: For vegetarians, I HIGHLY recommend the  Jaipuri Kofta! We got chicken entrees too (Deg Murgh and one other I can't remember) both mouthwatering but I actually preferred the Kofta!PPS: For those who love spicy foods, try the chili naan. It won't disappoint, I promise.
I went back to Pippali about a month ago and it was so disappointing (I have been there a few times and ordered take-out). The service was chaotic. We had a reservation but ended up waiting for at least 30 minutes while some other guests who arrived after us got seated first. The restaurant was apologetic and gave us beer on the house, but the good memory of Pippali was ruined. Food was fine but nothing too special. We probably won't go back anytime soon.
Their curries have such a depth of flavor. Very yummy overall. But beware, when ordering for delivery, the portions can be annoyingly small - e.g. eggplant dish had lots of sauce, very little eggplant. Same goes for the chicken dishes. Things like rice, which are inexpensive add-ons, are also given in very small portions.
This is sad... I saw sign of food violation sticker on door. It was close.
Rating is based on the Hyderabadi shrimp biryani: good number of very moist shrimp, heat rating of about 4/10 (what they called moderate), in rice with the occasional sweet rose petal element that moderated the spice. mmmm
I'm a huge fan of indian food. LOVE it to death and indian cuisine is not new to me. I'm also not from New York. That being said, I ordered (whatever it's called in their language), the lamb in Marsala sauce. First off it's expensive. It's $18 where as OTHER PLACES, the same meal would cost under $10. So for $18, I was hoping it would be the best lamb curry in the world and honestly it was just OKAY. Nothing fancy about it. The lamb was good (not amazing) and the Marsala was nothing fancy either, just NORMAL ASS Marsala. We also ordered a side of naan which they gave us 4 big pieces which was nice. For the price and quality of the food tho, I wouldn't come here again. AGAIN, I LOVE indian cuisine and this was just okay to me. The price, I don't knowIf that's a just a New York thing but I definitely recommend you to GO SOMEWHERE ELSE because you will get the same quality food (or better) for less.
I went there recently for a date night and I had a great time. The waiters were very attentive, the food was delicious, and the prices were reasonable. There is a lot of competition in the area for Indian food and you can tell the staff wants to keep their customers happy. We shared the Anjeeri Tikki (spicy beets), Chicken Tikka and Naan, Jaipuri Kofta (Pupmkin lovers rejoice), and Hyderabadi Biryani (Lamb and rice). I highly recommend their lamb! They need to re-do their decor but it looked better than their competitors in the area.
Best Indian spot in the area. The lunch special 14.95 was an amazing deal with app entree and dessert. The fish dish was excellent as well as the potato croquette app. Def recommend it!
One of my favorite Indian food spots in the city. great service, good food and a nice quaint ambiance.
Although I gave this restaurant three stars I will say that the food is excellent. I have had Indian food in many different places and this is some of the best. However the service here is not that great. It seems like all the waiters ask the bartender, who may also be the restaurant manager (?) if they are allowed to do anything such as get a customer water or even for some extra tandoori sauce. Also when I asked one waiter to get me a coke to drink (politely I may add, since he asked me what I would like to drink first) he took about 25 minutes to get it. This is a very small restaurant so I could easily see him walk around and quickly serve other tables while neglecting some others including mine. When I asked again he seemed to get an attitude and came back with a cup of half melted ice floating in half a cup of warm diet coke. The saving grace of this dining experience was the food. I suggest the seafood Thali, shrimp curry. It comes on a large pan with an assortment of small containers on it. My meal had the shrimp curry, spinach, veggies, rice, Dahl, and fried veggie appetizers in the middle a well as salad. There was also naan bread to go with the meal. Very tasty.This restaurant used to have an all you can eat lunch buffet. Not sure why they stopped because people seemed to really love it. This is a great place to go, especially with friends but just beware of the service.
Lunch specials here are super cheap. I got a chicken tikka masala thali-style so it came with an assortment of things including naan, rice, soup, spinach, dessert (gulab something?), etc. The chicken tikka masala was pretty small but it was filling after dipping and eating lots of naan.
We usually eat at the Lower East side Indian restaurants so this was a great experience. We had the lamb shank, sea bass, somosas (spinach) and kofta. Everything was delicious. The lamb fell off the bone, the sea bass was cooked perfectly and not overly peppery as I feared. The kofta were delcious in a rich masala sauce. The place was cozy and inviting and the wait staff were so helpful in advising us what to eat. Would definitely go again.
Below average taste and even worse service. Came here for lunch and had a thali. Plenty of better alternate choices in the area.
Love love love...our waitor was amazing, from service to food suggestions. Been twice now which breaks my rule of dining at the same place twice!
Seriously the best Indian Restaurant in NYC. Can't get enough of their food:)
I am so impressed by this by this restaurant. I went with a friend who is a professional chef and she agrees. The food took Indian to another level. The flavors and textures were perfect. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful as my friend has a very restrictive diet (no gluten, sugar, flour). The waiter checked with their chef with a very positive attitude on the ingredients. Just a delightful dining experience.
Very tasty indian food that is a bit different than the rest.  Their menu has items that you dont see on the standard indian restaurant menu and it all tastes good.  I've ordered delivery a few times as well and it was always good and on time.  Highly recommended.
Stumbled on this place when looking for some Indian food during a recent trip to NYC.  Three of us had samosas, quail vindaloo, deg gohst [slow cooked lamb], and chicken tikka masala, and garlic naan.  Vindaloo was very spicy as expected, but not uncomfortably so.  The lamb was my personal favorite-- great combination of spices melded perfectly with the lamb.  Service was very good, and setting was quite nice.  Highly recommended.
Everything we had was delicious and the service was on point. Dessert wasn't great, but our waiter warned us about it, so I won't hold that against them. It was a bit pricey but worth it for the best Indian food i've had. I'm a fan and will be back.
I love Indian food but kind of have the taste of my old favorite stuck on my buds. So I was disappointed that their vast menu didn't have my typical order. I ordered the lamb shank which was good. They could use more space but the host tries to make the wait pleasant.
Don't show up a minute before it opens for dinner. Show up a little after 5 to ensure good service. My fiancé and I arrived a little earlier and they weren't that nice to us. But we stayed outside for a bit until the owner welcomed us in for dinner. It was worth the wait because the food was delish. The chicken tikka appetizer was so flavorful, the beet and fig patties were something I've never tasted and loved, their paneer tikka was cooked to perfection, and their garlic naan was to die for. My mouth waters when I think of what we has. Definitely recommend this place to my friends and family.
delicious food. Highlight of the the night was the bihari lamb ( lamb shank in spicy curry) paired with Mirza Ghalib
Meh. Real run of the mill un exiting experience.  I give it 1 star instead of the run of the mill 3 because they charge premium prices and are real stingy with rice, portions etc.  plus it was a real let down after reading all those 5 star reviews. If you are even somewhat discerning skip this place.
The food was simply delicious and didn't give any stress to the tummy the next day! The lamb dish (deg curry I think) was delicious, so was the bihari daal and paneer. The rasmalai desert was also great. Definitely going back and recommend to anybody looking for good north Indian dishes
Amazing. All round a fantastic experience. Service was impeccable. It was packed on a Saturday night; we waited maybe about 15 minutes to get seated for our reservation. The host was very apologetic even though we weren't in a rush to be seated. We had the magical Bihari Gohst, the meat just fell off the bone, such a medley of beautiful flavors. The Baingan Ka Salan was also mind-blowing. Desserts were spectacular. Fabulous. We will certainly be back!
So far best quality indian food i've had in new york so far. sometimes a bit of a wait though.
I reserved a seat for me and a co-worker with about 1 hour notice. We showed up early and they still sat us down. The naan, chicken tikka masala, palak paneer were all fantastic. The service was impeccable. Water was filled before I hit the bottom, food was brought out synchronously with our pace of eating. Maybe the only thing I could knock them on is the rice which wasn't bad just not memorable. Also, their kitchen door squeaks, bring some WD40. This place is better than Copper in Charlotte and on par with my top pick Katsuri in Greenville, SC. IMO, this restaurant is definitely worth another visit.
Loved it.  We stumbled in after a cocktail party in the neighborhood, lured by the 24 on Zagat.  Wow.  Delicious duck with Chettinad black pepper sauce, shrimp curry with tons of kari leaves, spicy rich cauliflower.  Very attentive and helpful service.  The place was full on a Sunday night.  We cook and eat a lot of Indian food - this was top notch.
Came here with my girlfriend, sister and brother in law. Great atmosphere for food and talk. Great service and wonderful people. We had paneer app and baked shrimp app. Garlic nan. YummmmmmThe duck dish was awesome. Succulent saffron grilled chicken two thumbs up. And similarly the goat  curry. Great rose ice cream. Hmmm. Great Indian coffee. Will do again.
Best Indian food ... EVER.   We asked the waiter for recs and every dish was fantastic.  We're visiting from SF and we noticed that most of the people there were regulars who are still in awe of this place,  You don't need to hear anything else from me - just go with a group so you can sample as much as possible.
Not terrible but not great - the samosa was dry, lamb shank curry was nice but lean on the portion size. Slow also. overall 5/10
I came here for dinner with some friends because it was my last night in the city. It was a lot more fancy than I had expected, but I didn't think we were too underdressed. It was pretty empty at around 6:30. The food was fine, but the portions were quite small. With the rice and bread that's complimentary though, it's pretty filling. One of my friends was running late, and the waiter kept asking me whether he was really coming. The thing that really bothered me was the way they treated some of my friends. Two of them decided to wait until my last friend arrived to order because they hadn't decided what they wanted yet. Our waiter, however, said that they were not allowed to order later than everyone else, despite that they hadn't come to a decision yet. While we insisted that he simply wait a few minutes, he took away their menus with little hesitation and just said again that this wasn't allowed. If this is some kind of policy, it shouldn't exist. We were left pretty confused and annoyed, and weren't even able to get his attention so they could order. They ended up not getting anything at all in the end.
I placed an order this evening through delivery.com. The order was placed at 7:11 and it was delivered at around 8:05. That delivery guy was rushed, he buzzed twice within five seconds and after he handed me a bag he bolted towards the elevator with another bag or two in his hand to deliver. When I looked inside the bag it was obvious that they delivered me someone else's order (there were 4 items instead of 3, and three of the items in there were so definitely not what I had ordered - i'm not new to Indian food). So I called customer service of delivery.com. They contacted the restaurant and I was told the restaurant would re-do my order and that I could keep what they had already delivered (although I didn't want it I said). The rep also apologized and said the restaurant was busy and couldn't give a time frame for the food to be cooked and delivered. I'm pretty patient, and despite waiting 45 minutes already, I said I'd give it another half hour. I packed up the food and was wondering what to do with it though (hate to waste food). Five minutes after I put the phone down my doorman rings up and said the delivery guy was coming up. So the guy brings me another bag, and asks me to give him what he had brought me initially. He was also persistent that the itemized receipt should have still been on the bag I just handed back to him and he diligently checked to make sure it was. After he left, and I brought the new bag into my kitchen, I noticed that the inner paper bag that the items were wrapped in was torn open. I think it's pretty obvious that the restaurant did not re-do the order, that they somehow thought  I would accept food that had been opened by someone else whom they mistakenly delivered it to, and were planning to give what they originally brought me to whomever it should have been delivered to originally. Is this maybe a Dept. of Health issue, asides from being plainly just poor service??!! I called delivery.com and told them I would be writing a negative review of that restaurant's practice. It is not a review of that restaurant's food which I did not taste. I refuse to eat the opened second bag of food they delivered to me since i do not know where that food has been or who has possibly touched and tampered with it. (this is unfortunately going to be a waste of food).
Walked in, looked at the menu and was happily shocked to see "bakra". Ordered right away and found authentic Kolhapuri preparation and taste. Loved it and will go back again and again .... My family members ordered other varieties and everyone said they will come here often. Service was also very nice and knew that they like people:)I recommend it to anyone and everyone.
No wait and best chicken tika masala anywhere.
Extremely Rude servers who try to process patrons like an assembly line. I get that this is New York but this kind of treatment is obnoxious. I pay for the food and the service, stop harassing me when I am eating or talking!!Don't recommend this place. There are tons of other restaurants (in fact in the same area) with better food/more civil staff/better ambience
We made a reservation and walked in to a full restaurant except for our reserved table . Very nice to keep our table even athough others were in line. We were a few minutes early. The food and service was exceptional and we will come back to this beautiful small but very nice restaurant again on next visit to NYC.
One of the best Indian restaurants I've ever experienced. We stuck with the basics: garlic naan, chicken masala, and vegetable sides of dal and chana masala. All dishes were amazing. Bottles of wine are in the $30-$40 range, which seemed reasonable for NYC. The place was busy, but we were seated within 5 minutes. Booths and tables are spacious, so you can relax after a day of walking (unlike many local places that are small, cramped, or don't have a dining area). Service was very good & friendly as well. 5 stars!
It's not the typical Americanized Indian food, which is the best part. Appetizer chaat items were mediocre. Paneer Bikaneri was super yum, Jaipuri Kofta gravy was okay but the kofta's were good different. Bihari Ghost was a big hit per my husband (I don't eat Mutton).So if you live nearby or go to NYC, please make an effort to visit this place.
Lamb Curry, Neer Dosa, Garlic topped naan, wonderful service - explained all the dishes -oderatley priced for manhattan standards - disyinctly different dishes from northern India (as we learned the curries and masalas were from) and the seafood dishea from yhe south. Mussels appetizers - never had inidan food that diverse.clean facilities and wonderfil service. Winr selection could be better.
Two things that I liked about this restaurant - customer service and food! Went there with the family (including a bunch of kids under 4 yrs). The restaurant staff was very considerate - food came out pretty quickly. The food was piping hot, flavorful and decent portion size!
After a bad Indian food experience last week, the boyfriend and I needed a redo. We found Pippali on yelp and hoped it would live up to the high reviews. It did! My only complaint would be that I like doughier nan, but that's a personal preference. I woul happily go back to Pippali anytime!
Realllllyy great indian spot! Great portions, well-priced, and the staff is super friendly.  The Tikka Masala and chatt appetizer were delicious.  Try it with the salty lassi - so delicious!
The BEST Indian food of my life. We ordered the Chilean sea bass and the okra. Both were excellent. The sea bass was cooked to perfection and the coconut curry was phenomenal. My boy friend also tried the slow cooked goat in masala sauce and loved it. He even said the restaurant was as good as some of the best restaurants he dined at in India. Even the mango chutney, mint and tamarind sauces served with the papadum before the meal was amazing. Next time were in NYC we'll definitely be back!
Some of the best Indian food I've ever had. The service was excellent here. In fact, I don't know that I've ever had the attentive and informative service anywhere else in NYC. Frequently the waiters, manager, etc would walk over and explain exactly what we should order as vegetarians/vegans, what ingredients were delighting our mouths while eating, and the best drinks to have with our food. I will go back here.
Favorite spot in Curry Hill. Best Dal Tadka around.
Pippali is definitely an upper-scale version of your typical Indian food found in Curry Hill, and the prices reflect that. On the other hand, the food was very tasty, so that price increase might be deserved.I came here with a friend on a weekday evening and business was good. I got the Neer dosa, and the seafood was both plentiful and cooked well. I forget what my friend got, but it was very yummy, too! Portions were generous and the plating was unique. I would compare this restaurant to Ngam - a restaurant that does a unique take on a classic cuisine.
LOVE THIS PLACE! Customer service and food equals top notch!
I am not a connoisseur of Indian cuisine but I thought the cooking at Pippali was very good.  My friend and I shared an appetizer -- Anjeeri Tikki -- which was tasty, rich and enough for two people.  Then we shared two mains -- Palak Paneer and Melagu Chemeen.  Everything was very appealing and fresh; the portions, while not lavish, were quite adequate.  Papdam is offered on the house, and rice is included with the mains.  The dishes are pretty spicy but we got used to it, and spice is the norm for Indian food.Although the restaurant was quite busy, the service was prompt and attentive.  We were well taken care of and the staff seemed to be making a very sincere effort all around.My one negative comment about my experience was the noise level in Pippali.  We sat down at 7pm on a Saturday evening and not long after that the din of voices in the restaurant was oppressive, even by New York standards.  Music of some kind was playing over the sound system but I could barely hear it, much less the words coming out of my dining partner's mouth, over the chatter.Because of its delicious cuisine and solid service Pippali is quite popular, and that is entirely appropriate.  If there is something the restaurant could do to deaden the acoustics of the space it would be a great help for its enthusiastic patrons.
Delicious food and attentive service - wonderful shrimp, tasty kohlrabi dish and terrific beet/carrot patties to start us off -
Best Kolhapuri Kombi in New York City! Fantastic place.
Our meal was amazing, the service was amazing,  the ambience was nice if a bit cozy. ..a great experience! Definitely get the garlic nan! Unbelievably good!
Ordered for four. Got a lot of food. Enough for probably 10. Everything was terrific. Had plenty for the following days lunch. Only complaint was that we were told it would be 30-35 minutes and took an hour. Good news was it was worth the wait.
My fiancee brought me here for dinner last night and we both loved it.  The chicken tikka massala and the garlic naan may have been the best I've ever had.
Great lunch experience. Kolapuri was too hot and spicy   15 bucks for lunch including tip and tax.   next time I'll get the next step lower of chicken or lamb platter.  Great service and food came our fast and fresh.
Delicious traditional Indian food, fair price, and excellent environment and service. Strong recommend.
We came here for dinner tonight and having been to most of the Indian restaurants in the neighborhood, this is my new favorite. The foods we ordered were richly flavored without being overwhelming, and were creative - dishes not readily available elsewhere. We had the Sungta Kismuri appetizer (love that the spices soak into the lentil cake), Bikaneri Paneer (great vegetarian option with a creamy tomato sauce), Bihari Gohst (fall off the bone, tender lamb) and Garlic Naan (one of the best I've had). We really enjoyed every dish. There was a complimentary Raas Malai at the end that was just the right amount of sweet stuff. Lastly, the staff is so courteous and pleasant - we'll be coming back!
The food was excellent. The staff reccomended dishes after discussing what we liked and disliked. Would eat there again.
Excellent Indian food. I was amazed with the lamb shank, and the grilled rack of lamb with some sauce with pepper was out of this world. Service impeccable as well.
Very disappointed. Ordered delivery for Bhendi and Naan. It was delivered at 9pm. The delivery person called me at 7.30pm and brought the food. Since I couldn't take the delivery at that time, I asked him to come back at scheduled time. Eve after that he came back at 8.40pm. Luckily, I was available at that time. The food was utter cold. Naas was kept in the aluminum foil-kind of a bag which was wet from inside due to condensation. Naan was cold. Vegetable was cold. Taste wise, I don't care for the oily food. The bhendi subji was too oily. The naan was so think that I really went ahead and measured with the ruler. I wasn't surprised when it measured close to 1 inch!Wish I would have read the reviews properly before ordering.
Best Indian Food! My mouth is watering just thinking about it! Lamb shank & chicken tikka masala were delicious!!!
We have eaten here about 4 times now. We have tried several things off the menu and as the review below says it is good food that is not as greasy and cream filled as most indian places. It does not have the oil and butter fillers that most Indian places use to be cheaper on the food and is quite fresh. The daal makhani tastes just like the daal my mom makes and their naans are excellent. The only bad experience we have had here is with the Jaipuri kofta which is one of my favorite dishes. The kofta itself was rock hard and very dry inside. However, they immediately took it back and took it off of our bill.The service could be a little better in terms of number of staff but hopefully with some time, this place will get even better!
One of the best meals I've ever had in NYC! Just incredible! Tabak maz, sea bass and fluffy bread--killer meal
We loved their lunch thali. For $11-$12 , it had lot to offer. We had ordered one chicken thali and one goat curry thali. The curries were great with the right amount of spice. The thali consisted of chicken/goat curry,  Dal, Raitha,Pickle, Nan, Rice, Salad, Papadam, Dessert. I had gulab jamun as desert.The ambiance is OK.Its not a huge place but big enough. I will definitely recommend this place.
You're going to leave smelling like Indian food. Just embrace it and wear something you plan on washing.Then indulge yourself with some of the best lunch specials in the neighborhood. No really, their lunch are a very welcome respite from the $$$ of the east side.For about $10-$14, you can get all sorts of thali's or biryani's. I went with the lamb biryani which basically came with all the thali sides anyway. Delicious and very filling. I assume the spinach was just what it was and not an attempt at saag, because it was pretty bland and watery. The "dessert" was also sickeningly sweet.That said, it was a fine meal and I'd definitely consider coming back for lunch.
Well known Indian restaurant on lexinton avenue. Thali options are great for lunch. Chicken tikka, Salmon tikka worth to try. Side dishes are delicious as well. Portions are very big. Place is very busy during lunch hours. Serveice is bit slow.
Came here more than two weeks ago and I have to say that the food was pretty good. The restaurant does tend to get very loud, but that's New York City for you! This restaurant is reasonably priced and the interior/decor is also nice.
We went here last night based on our personal experience from our previous visits - our last one being about 6-8 months ago. The food back in time was phenomenal. Had I reviewed the place earlier, I would've given it a better rating. Here's a an overall gist of why I didn't have the best time last night!- from the 4 cocktails on the list, 2 weren't available- from the few beverages on the list, the ones we wanted (moru / buttermilk) wasn't available- I had had chhola bhatura in my last visit at Pippali but was told that the menu had an overhaul and that chhola bhatura was on the list as long as almost 2 yrs ago. It was also something I was looking forward to having - when we finally got down to ordering our food, we should've been recommended better on the quantity to order. Our server ordered us 5 full mains for 5 people but asked us to cut down on bread. The problem is, the quantity was more than double of what we should've had on our table. - The paneer wasn't good, unfortunately; potatoes undercooked and fish - rubbery. We also ordered a chicken Hari Mirch which was a complete let down! Overall, the food was a let down. Which is why even boxing and taking the excess food home wasn't an option. Sad to say this but we're not coming back.
Very bad customer experience, was humiliated when asked for check. Please have the courtesy to respect customers, that's your job !!!
This is the best place for business lunch. We often come to this place. I always order Rajasthani thali. Especially you get bindi masala in the thali, the awsome bindi masala you get in the city. Friendly staff make me to come again and again.
Lunch special alone is worth the visit. Staff incredibly detailed and hyper aware of every order. I work nearby and it's my go-to lunch spot during the work day. Their vegetarian option is perfect.
Finally ... I made my way to Pippali for lunch.  As I entered the restaurant, it is situated slightly below ground level .. so watch your step!  My first impression was dining space looks modern and warm.  Everything was in earth-brown tone.  To go with its modern space, they played constant upbeat music in the background while we were there .. I'm talking.. EDM music.  We weren't too pleased with their music choice.  It made us feel rush instead of relaxing and enjoying the meal.  Perhaps, it only happens during lunch hours?Aside from that, food was great and reasonably priced.  We all ordered Thali.  I had Deg Murgh (chicken Thali).  Chicken was slow cooked in a masala curry sauce which was fragrant and fiery.  Meat was so tender and the sauce had a very good heat which I love so much.  Thali served with appetizer, vegetable, Nan, basmati rice, and amongst other few small bowls.  I really enjoyed my lunch, it's fun to get to try many other small dishes.  For its price, it was worth it.Food came out promptly.  Nothing to complain about the service.  I'll definitely return.
Went there for lunch and order a Veg Punjabi Thali. The Thali was sumptuous and did not disappoint. Everyone of the 8-9 items were delicious. The curries tasted like home cooked food. Service was reasonable. I'd go back here again to try out other offerings on the menu.
A group of us were here yesterday for dinner and we ordered a bunch of vegetarian dishes to share. First, we also ordered some drinks: The Old Ginger and Bombay Kick. Both were really excellent and just the right drinks with our food. They brought our pappad which was just yummy. Then we had an appetizer which reminded me of pao bhaji... and it was fantastic. The name is Bombay Dabeli. I highly recommend it! Then next, we got three dishes to share - Kerala Kalan, Jaipuri Kofta, and Maa ki Dal. All of them were really good.. the manager was super nice too and was very accommodating to give us spicy pickles and more crunch pappad.We had all heard of the Thali's and we were a little disappointed that it was not an option for dinner as it's only served for lunch. We will definitely have to come back for lunch to try.
Delicious. Awesome. Yum. This is a must visit if you like Indian Food. Completely different than traditional Indian restaurants in many US cities.Food is bursting with flavors. Savor every bite. Fresh and flavorful. Service is equally awesome. The manager was out of laphroaig. He made sure we found an alternate drink that would satisfy our taste buds. Food came hot. And when we need an condiment mid meal, the server was right there and took care of us.
In my opinion, now the best Indian restaurant in NYC. Bread Bar used to be, then it went under, and  nothing at this level until now. A little more traditional in ethos than Bread Bar was, but although it may not have one signature dish (e.g. BB's pepper shrimp) its got a uniform superlative quality across every dish - except dessert - that puts it into the superlative range of this cuisine. Goat curry, fish curry, tandoori salmon, all simply exquisite. Vegetarian dishes equally outstanding. Even mundane staples like yellow daal had a fruitiness that was startlingly good. And the thalis were so generous - new to me to see an extra meat dish included on a non-veg thali.Among all the dishes I had, I wasn't totally knocked out by the squid not the chole, and the rasmalai was fine but not bouleversant. Everything else simply amazing, from the green chutney and tamarind sauces with pappads, onwards.Utter bravo to the team. Service absolutely A1 too, btw - nice, quick, thoughtful. And bill was super reasonable for the thali lunch special.Will be back ASAP.
The restaurant was clean and decorated very nicely. The servers' uniform was clean and neat. The food was delicious. The chicken tikka masala was nicely spiced but the chicken was a little bit dry. The lamb kababs were so tender and spiced perfectly.
My lunch at Pippali was the first authentic Indian meal of my life. I've had the watered down version of Indian dishes, but this was the real deal. As soon as you walk in, you're greeted with the intense smell of Indian cuisine. The waiter was gracious enough to explain each of the lunch special dishes to me. I ended up going with the Punjabi Thali which is a vegetarian dish consisting of various beans and vegetables with a side of bread. The dish was really good. Some bean dishes were better than others, but the meal itself was very good. A little salty in some areas, but overall well done.This was a very enjoyable meal, especially being that it was vegetarian. Filling, tasty and the service was excellent. I'll definitely be back to expand my Indian taste buds and try different dishes.
Absolutely my favorite lunch spot in New York right now. No, it's not a buffet, but the lunch thalis are very generous and there's a huge selection of mains available. My favorites are the goat and either of the veg options. The shrimp curry is the first time I've ever ordered shrimp in an Indian restaurant where it was not overcooked. The maitre d is very friendly and seems very proud of the quality of his food. Also want to give a shout out to the daal. This was the first sign of the good quality here. Not the typical watery concoction you get at so many Indian restaurants in New York. Here, it's rich and complex.
Absolutely delicious! The Naan was very soft, and the raita was perfect. We shared the veggie okra dish and the veggie eggplant bartha...both were fantastic. We will definitely come back!
Had the lamb vindaloo; was good but was more tangy than hot.  Their version of saag paneer was very good.  Good service and portions were good.
This is a fabulous Indian eaterie. I would rate this among my favorites for this cuisine. The atmosphere was really great
Yumm.. we were craving Indian food during the weekend and wanted to check out something a bit different from our typical Indian buffet fare and found Pippali close by. We got one of their Thali's as part of the lunch specials that they have and it was delicious. I got the fish in a buttery sauce, and the bf got the chicken curry. I love all the small dishes that come with the thali and the portion sizes were just right. Overall we had a very enjoyable experience and will be back again for the Thalis
Yum! Great service and great food -- lovely place for a date! Shrimp were large, and chicken was tender, too! Garlic naan was great too. I think that it's just a little overpriced relative to portion sizes.
I had read the positive reviews of this place at Yelp and was intrigued.Yesterday I had lunch with a Meetup group here and ordered the lamb thali -- a sort of Indian poo poo platter featuring a variety of items, including a vegetable pakora, dhal, spinach something, cucumber salad, and the lamb entree.The lamb was very good -- the meat was tender, and the sauce boasted the extra dimension of ginger flavor.Would I favor Pippali over my other local favorite Dhaba?  It's a tough call -- I love Dhaba's all-you-can-eat lunch buffet, and their dinner menu is much more extensive than the one at Pippali.Still, this is definitely one of the best Northern Indian restaurants I've visited on Indian Row.I deducted one star just because the low-ceilinged room is VERY noisy, at least when it's full to capacity, as it was at our lunch.  It was almost impossible to hear someone across the table or even seated right next to me, and a table mate asked me if I had a hearing impairment!New York restaurants really need to rethink the acoustics of their spaces and consider bringing back acoustic ceiling tile.  It may not look like much, but it certainly enables a pleasant conversation.
Amazing amazing amazing Indian food. If I lived here I would be a regular.  Outstanding  friendly service.  Ate here in the middle of a snowstorm and everyone was so hospitable and welcoming.  I couldn't decide between the Falooda and the Kheer, so I asked and they gave me a sample taste of the Kher.  But def my one piece of advice:  GET THE FALOODA!
Not a whole lot of flavor in the food. Portions extremely small as well. Quick service, but generally underwhelmed.
Came in for a family dinner. They were super attentive and patient with my family who had never tried Indian food and had a lot of questions. Everything was delicious! My one regret is missing the beginning of a concert we were going to because service was slower than expected and getting the check took a while. The food however was worth the wait. The place is quite spacious for a large group.
Wonderful! Everything other Yelpers have said. Had the chicken tikka, lamb shank and Chilean sea bass dishes plus nan.
Amazing service, food and atmosphere. There isn't a place in Curry Hill where you get more bang for your buck. Will be back very soon.
Pippali is not just good food, it's unique good food. As an Indian person, I can honestly say I had never heard of some of their dishes before! I really appreciated their willingness to branch out and offer something new. Crossing my fingers that this place sticks around.Make sure to try the thalipeeth appetizer and the jaipuri kofta entree! Both were delicious. Also had the kalan and anjeeri tikki. Would order all these dishes again.
I have never such a great experience at any restaurant. I went with my friends for my birthday dinner. We were seated immediately. Service was very attentive and polite. We had the thalipeeth, the chicken kolhapuri and masala naan. Food was delicious. Then the restaurant gave us free dessert! The rose flavored ice cream was fantastic. I highly recommend this place to anyone who is thinking of going there.
I LOVE this place. Everything is exceptionally delicious. Can't recommend highly enough. So delighted to have a new favorite in Curry Hill that's as warm-hearted as it is reasonably priced and repeatedly outstanding. Have tried several dishes with a group of friends every week for a few weeks now & we've all been continually delighted wit every bite!!! Never fails to reward our ardor & loyalty. They just opened a few months ago & we're already big fans & regulars here. Wonderful!! No need to go anywhere else!
Excellent food. We had Pippali delivered and the food tasted as good as it would have if we had been sitting in the restaurant.  The recommendations on their website were perfect and the Palak Paneer was unbelievable. This will be our go to spot for Indian food!
My wife and i have been here 5 times and i don't think it's been open a month. The food is fresh and delicious and the prices can't be beat.  We loved the restaurant that was here before this, chennai garden, but we like Pippali more...i will be having my company dinner here as well. Trust me you will love the food/decor.
This place has the most unique/amazing combination of flavors..it's so refreshingly Indian while pushing the limits of what's traditionally expected of Indian cuisine. My favorite restaurant in the area..no doubt. The vibe in there is on the upper end of what curry hill has to offer, but the flavors/menu are wayyyyyy refined to be considered in the same light as their neighbors. They need to do a better job of promoting themselves, this is more than just another Indian restaurant.
Finally found a go to Indian spot in curry hill. I've been craving good Indian food after having a flunk at Tamarind. The food at here was soooo delicious and spicy!! The staff was do helpful in making a choice and the maître 'd was busy all night but still found the time to make us feel so special, we loved it!
Try the tandoor platter. It really delicious
This is the best indian food ever outside of New Delhi.  Check out our photo to see what we ordered.  Never had scallops in an Indian establishment.   Curried avocado sauce made them divine.  Next we had chicken tikka and it was so moist.  Used the Currie sauce on the scallop appetizer to dip the chicken in.   For entrees we went with the Palak Paneer which was very good too.   But the best entree was the Dum Quail.  Coming from Texas we have killed, cleaned and bbq'd these birds for years but this dish was the best quail ever.   Deboned and a think rich sauce kind of reminds me of mole but with indian curry.   Finally we were stuffed but had to try desert.   The atom bomb was da bomb!!! Molten chocolate cake with rose petal ice cream!!!   It was the best palate cleanser especially while finishing our bottle of wine.  The owner Pradeep Shinde sat with us and told us the history and we met the chef Peter Beck (not sure but even with the English name he was fully Indian by birth!) he was round and rosey in the cheeks, kinda like an Indian Santa Claus!!! If we could give this six stars we would!!! Go! You will not be disappointed.
This is my new favorite Indian restaurant. Came here when a friend was visiting and was so happy I did. The dishes were very flavorful and the staff was attentive. I've since ordered from here via Seamless and it's always great. They're fast and deliver great Indian food. A nice addition to my eating out restaurants.
The food here was all perfectly fine, but nothing special. I tried the chicken tikka masala, naan and lassi. The inside of the restaurant is clean and nicely decorated, and the servers were all very nice. I may come back here if I'm in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.
My new favorite Indian restaurant! Busy, but worth the wait. We had the madula chicken appetizer (so yummy), chicken tikka, tandoori chicken, garlic naan, and lamb curry. Everything was delicious, and the service was friendly. Good stuff!
I went here for their lunch buffet and the food was good! Nothing too outstanding but I really enjoyed myself and felt like I got a lot for my money. What gives this five stars is the staff - what a wonderful group of people. Amazing service and just really approachable, funny, talented teammates. My lunch guests thought that the manager and I had known each other for years! It was hilarious. Love you guys!
Excellent food! Do not normall go for indian, but this was fantstic and great Merlot.
Excellent food that had flavor and spice to it. We went with a big group and the service was excellent as well (lacking in many Indian restaurants unfortunately). Highly recommend this place and will be back soon.
My new favorite Indian restaurant in Curry Hill. We had the masala lamb and a paneer dish. Both were excellent. We were seated quickly and the service was great, even though it was a busy night and we didn't have a reservation. Good atmosphere and great food.
Best Indian eatery so far. Savory, hearty, diversely spiced meats for tandoori lunch specials. Amazing jaipoori kofta curry and lamb curries. Soft, pillowy, hearty naan with great sauces. Clean and elegant presentation of dishes. Modern and elegant interior. Friendly, attentive servers and buzzing but not too loud atmosphere. Calm and energizing gustatory experience!
Read all the good reviews and was a bit worried that they were faked since they were so positive.   Must say, food was excellent, prices great, and service friendly and attentive.  Not much more that I could ask for.  We got the lamb shank, tandoori chicken, and a couple veg appetizers, and enjoyed them all, most w traditional flavors and a nice touch of creativity.
Pleasantly surprised by the selection of items on the menu, with a few non-standard dishes such as 'Double Ka Meetha'. We dined there twice in the last two months and were not disappointed -- both the quality of food and  service were top notch. Also like that they are linked to opentable for reservations, which is quite rare for Indian restaurants in the neighborhood.
Hallelujah, I finally found great Indian to order in! After many trials and errors, I wasn't expecting to get some of the best Indian food, just good for delivery. Wow, I was blown away. Everything we ordered tasted so good.  I loved the tandoori chicken!   I can't wait to see how tasty the food will be at the restaurant. Captain, we just may have a winner!
Came on sat night with a party of 6 and lucked out with only a 10 min wait. While we were waiting everyone who was leaving after their meal was commenting on how good it was on their way out. They were right, it was delicious and The staff was great too. (Chicken appetizer was a stand out) My new favorite Indian restaurant :)
Wonderful, quaint, and delicious.  Vegetarian dishes were some of the best I've ever had.  Sent back the branzino and manager scooped it up and replaced with the curry shrimp with a giant smile on his face.  Super friendly and attentive.  It is clear they are 100% customer service oriented and made for a fantastic meal.  Thanks!  Great naan too.
This is an Indian white table cloth dining experience.  You'll see interesting twists on familiar favorites plus traditional dishes.  Well thought out and excellently executed food.  Friendly and fast service in Midtown.  They have a full bar too. Do yourself a favor and give them a try.
Incredible food. Combines traditional Indian cuisine with innovative dishes. Beautiful presentation and great service. We will come back many times.
Stopped by for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and the place was empty, which was a little worrying.  Fortunately, things turned out great.  They offer a prix fixe, three course lunch on weekends for $14.95, which has to be one of the best deals in town.  I ordered the chicken kebab appetizer  and some type of spicy vegetable dumpling which was delicious, and my husband had the calamari appetizer and chicken tikka masala.  The meal also came with a lentil side dish, a cauliflower side dish, rice, and naan. The entire table was full of food.  We enjoyed everything and the service was very good, so we'll definitely be back.
It was a quiet Sunday night when we visited Pippali, and we were only the fifth or sixth party in there. Service was quick and prompt, but the restaurant was a bit dark. We enjoyed stuffed chicken, a branzino curry, okra curry, paratha, and pappadum. We also had a papri chaat which was pretty flavorful. The okra was not a bona fide side dish, but they were happy to make it up for us, as they had okra in a main dish and we wanted it as a bit of vegetable. Kudos for their flexibility. The spicing and flavor was pretty good, but not as good as say Tamarind- for much less in price though. Stuffed chicken sounded interesting conceptually but not as exciting as it sounded in the end. Paratha not spectacular. Branzino curry well received. Overall, recommended.
Chef Peter Beck's cooking just has to be experienced. The food is fresh, innovative and hands down the best Indian food I have tasted in my life. Important to me, the cooking is not oily nor are the spices overwhelming. The chicken melts in the mouth, and the salmon appetizer is wonderful. And save space for dessert-the rose icecream with the lava cake is exquisite. I tried Pippali purely by chance and have been back there many times since. Mostly, I can't believe I'm getting such great food at such ridiculously low prices.
Great new Indian spot that far outshines its Curry Hill competitors.  The tandoori chicken is delicious and not dry at all and the naan is fluffy and delicious.  The beet and fig patties are a tasty twist on an Indian appetizer and the samosa chat is another solid appetizer choice.  Highly recommend trying out this place.  The atmosphere is also classier than its neighbors.  We waited for 30m at 9:30 on a Friday evening.  The hostess took our number and gave us a call when our table was ready.
Excellent food, quick service - definitely get the garlic naan - it's also relatively cheap for NYC
Ordered take out from here with a friend. We got the Hydrabadi Biryani with shrimp, a nan and a Madula Chicken appetizer. Altogether came out to $35. We tipped the delivery man $5 because it was late at night and it was rather chilly and we were hungry. The food came in about 45 minutes. When we got the food, it smelled really nice but I would have to say it was very little food for $35. The Hydrabadi was a little spicy and very delicious but quite greasy and heavy in my opinion. I had a little food coma after eating it. lol The nan was good but  was soggy by the time we got it. I think it's probably best to never order nan for delivery. The Madula Chicken was the least impressive of it all. It was just three pieces of chicken breast marinated in sauce. I really wish the Hydrabadi has some vegetables or something in it. All it came with was shrimp, spicy sauce and the noodles. Not saying I would not come back here. I think I will some other time but not order delivery.
It was a satisfying Indian cuisine experience. The naan was delicious and was not heavy and oily like the ones served in a fast food indian place.
The service was fast and the food was delicious ! Great for family's and first dates!
Good Indian food, not that expensive. Get the tikka masala and garlic nan.
Found a convenient place to jump into on a fifteen degree afternoon. Service and food were equally great. Would absolutely come back to try their diverse dinner menu. An Indian restaurant that serves scallops, crab and duck dishes?!? Count me in.
After checking reviews for restaurants near our hotel (The Lex), my wife and I selected Pippali.  Wonderful lunch experience.  Wait staff was extremely helpful in our selections and were attentive throughout the meal.  The owner even stopped by the table at the end of our meal to inquire if we were pleased.  With the assistance of the server, we ordered Chicken Thali Masala and Shrimp Curry Thali.  Both were excellent ... giving us a tasting of various dishes. Highly recommend this restaurant.
My friend S and I came upon this place by chance after we left Chote Nawab after a frustrating wait with no end in sight. Serendipitous indeed!The food (with one exception) was excellent. Moreover, the service was excellent. We chose to sit at the bar. And the bartender who served us was super attentive and friendly. We had the Hari Mirch Chicken and the Batata Sev Puri for starters. Both were excellent. For entres, we ordered the Konkani Curry with shrimp, the lamb Bukhni Kabab, the Bihari Dal, Nan and Roti. Yes, we were hungry. Everything was excellent except for the Bukhni Kabab. The spice mix was good but the meat had a lot of fat and gristle (not to our liking). A cleaner cut would have been so much better. The Konkan Curry was super tasty. For dessert, we has the kheer and Narangi Kalakand. Both were superb. The restaurant is fairly new. I hope that they maintain their quality. I'm looking forward to eating there again!
Honestly I ordered the chicken masala and garlic naan from here on seamless and it was the best seamless delivery I've gotten from anywhere period in recent memory. The masala sauce was fantastic, so flavorful. Very succulent well cooked chunks of chicken too. Just awesome!
I am an ex-pat from London so was in dire need for a descent curry fix and this place did not disappoint! The staff were very attentive and helpful (plus honest in their dish reviews).  The food was pretty amazing, great level of spice and decent servings...it's so nice to now know a great place to satisfy a curry craving!
Best indian food around. Going tonight for our valentines day dinner!
I've been to a dozen South Asian restaurants in Curry Hill (Murray Hill) and Pippali ranks at the top for great food, reasonable prices, and good service/ambience. This opinion, coming from me, a person of South Asian heritage, who has grown up eating desi food. There are definitely plenty of other options in the area, but if I want really good food or want to take my friends out to try desi food, this will be my new goto.
I had been wanting to try this restaurant for a while and was excited to finally go. Nice atmosphere and very friendly and attentive service. The waiters seem to really care about what they're serving. The food was mostly good, but there were some missteps. The scallops appetizer sounded so good, but was almost inedible. Whoever attempted to cook the scallops sadly doesn't know. They were chewy, over-cooked and tasteless. I tried to eat them, but left most of it on the plate. My friend wasn't quite so picky and ate his share, though he agreed they were badly cooked. The Hari murch chicken appetizer was, however, addictively delicious. I could have eaten 2 whole orders of this myself! The lamb shank was scrumptious as well, and I'm not usually a lamb fan. No hint of gameyness here and a seductively delicious sauce. Web also got the Jaipuri vegetarian kofta, which, while good, was almost all sauce, with 4 little balls. I think, for the price, 6 kofte wouldn't be asking too much. Indian food is meant to be shared, and 2 of these each was hardly anything. Garlic naan was done well. We stayed for hours and closed the place and they couldn't have been nicer. I do think I might return, but I'll skip a couple of the dishes and try some new ones.
had an amazing time! i'm really glad i listened to the reviews. split 3 entrees, between 3 people, of: tikka masala (chicken) , bihari gohst (lamb), and the batak utthapam (duck). all were amazing, my favorite being the duck. the spiciness had the right amount of heat and everything right down to the naan was delicious. also had (the gin connection,dehradoon, and an evening in pippali) cocktails which were strong and sweet. overall i really loved my time there. the service was very good, the men there were polite and attentive.
The only thing that was good was the tasty lentil flour crackers they gave you with 3 chutneys before the meal. My wife's shrimp appetizer had many herbs mentioned on the menu. The shrimp were good quality but had no Indian spice flavor.  The samosa's also was bland. The paneer dish sucked big time. It had a pinkish one dimensional thick sauce. A little heat was all it had going for it. I scraped the sauce off as much as possible just to have some straight paneer. We always look forward to the Indian spiced rice that comes with your entrée. All you were able to taste with this rice was the Ghee. This restaurant gets 4 stars on Yelp. Maybe like one of the reviewers said it used to be great. Not anymore.
We were looking for a good Indian place while staying in Nyc and thought Pippali sounded like a good place based on reviews and menu. The atmosphere was quaint and comfortable. We started with samosas and another appetizer I can't remember the name of. I thought they were good, but much more fried tasting then I'm used to when I get samosas and everyone I was with didn't like them all that much. The sweet and sour sauce was a nice addition, though. I got the vegetable biryani, extra spicy, but I HIGHLY reccommend you don't ask for extra spice. I Love very spicy foods but I thought it was too far and lacking in flavor because of the extra spice so get it regular spice for sure. Other people got entrees as well but complained there was way too much sauce on the plate and took away from the main part of the dish. Someone got the sea bass and said it was very good but the sauce was just overwhelming. Overall I would reccommend this place to someone if they were close by and wanted Indian food but honestly there are a ton of Indian places in Manhattan, try another one.
Excellent Indian food, intimate atmosphere, attentive staff. Very reasonably priced.
What a delicious find!  I found this place randomly, through a quick search on yelp and I couldn't have been happier with my choice. I was taking my aunt and cousin out to dinner and needed a conveniently located restaurant. It was about 2 blocks away from the hotel where my fam was staying, and I should add....this was a day when it was BRICK outside. In other words, there would be absolutely no wandering around from one place to the next that night. This restaurant was it.I made a reservation for 3 very easily online (thru opentable), on a Thursday evening. The restaurant was cute...not very packed at all, nice ambience. The food was amazing! I'm a huge fan of Indian food, and quite frankly it's hard to disappointed me....but i've never tasted Indian food this good. We went classic...ordering a chicken tikka masala, palak paneer and a spicy lamb dish, with rice and a basket of assorted naan breads for all to share family-style. The waiter was so friendly and treated us like VIP at a five star restaurant.  When we got the bill, I was nervous....I was picking up the tab after all....but $60 (not including tip) for 3 people???  That's a REALLY decent tab for quality food and service.I highly recommend! :)
The restaurant staff is courteous the food is less than average. Simply an overhyped place..certainly not worthy of the stars or the hype..look around in the immediate vicinity you will find much better restaurants ..Avoid this !!
I enjoyed the food here, but not as much as I'd hoped based on the reviews. We ordered vegetable fritters, thalipeeth, and a shrimp appetizer thing (sorry, can't recall the name). They were all good, but not great. Edible but not super tasty, and I don't generally need foods to be extra spicy or salty to enjoy them, so I don't think that was the issue. Just didn't find these dishes very flavorful. At any rate, it's a nice place with excellent service and in a pinch I'd go back again to try other dishes. Definitely appreciate the affordable (for NYC) prices.
This place is a fantastic deal and the food's legit.  One of the better Indian kitchens in the city.
We choose Pippali because of the fine reviews at Yelp.  We were not disappointed.  The food was distinctive and plentiful.  We tried dishes ranging from Anjeeri Tikki,Roasted beet and carrot patties stuffed with fig and mint, which was exceptional, to Machli Salne, Branzini cooked in ginger, garlic, poppy seeds and chilies topped with brown crisp onions.  The fish was tender, with a fine sauce with just the appropriate "kick".  Other vegetarian entrees were also tasty and enjoyed by all.  Of special, and unusual, note was the Viognier wine,  Mirza Ghalib, which apparently is bottled in France but pairs exceptionally well with Indian food.  Attentive, friendly service tops off the experience.
Had a fine dinner at Pippali last night. We tried the New Delhi Samosa Chat the Tawa scallops and the Madula chicken skewers for appetizers. All were exceptional- the seasoning was perfect: flavorful but not overdone. For dinner we got chicken tikka marsala (a classic done well), Melagu Chemeen (phenomenal!), Tandoori Chicken, Konkan Curry and Deg Murgh. Everyone raved about their dinners. We were too stuffed for dessert but they brought us a traditional Indian dessert anyway. The service was excellent and the senior staff came by a few times to ask if we had everything we needed. Would most definitely go back! It was extremely reasonable for NY and the wonderful spices in the dishes could create craving for them!One more bonus- they have sound buffers on the ceiling that make it possible to actually have a conversation with those at your table. We were a table of 6 so it was particularly helpful.
This is the only Indian restaurant then I will go to in the neighborhood. Although there are many Indian restaurants nearby, this one always provides excellent food and outstanding service. The staple items such as Samosa, Tikka Masala, naan are always good and the best I've found.   The prices are fair. The restaurant and bathroom is very clean. They do not have much of a bar, if that's of any importance. if you're looking to try an the Indian restaurant in New York City, try this one! You will not be disappointed.
Awesome food, great service.  You will enjoy it!!!!!   The service is excellent and the food is a style of high end of Indian cuisine from the nibbling toasted bread with tamarin, mango, mint and cilantro sauces to the curries and grilled vegetables.  Additionally, the prices are extremely reasonable and owner knows how to treat a customer.  Arguably the best Indian food in Kips Bay / Murray hill.  In reality, this is the best Indian food I've had.
Good, but nothing amazing.  Nice interior, food was okay
My friend and I both loved it. Delicious food and great service. We ordered the samosas and batata sev puri as appetizers and jaipuri kofta and deg gohst for entrees with rice and naan. Recommended. I will definitely return.
One of the best Indian restaurants I've ever been to! Food portions, especially entrees were huge. Of special note was the Biryani with shrimp, salmon & nan with Indian spices. Owner or manager came to tables
Exquisite and yet affordable. I'am a profound fan of Indian food and Pippali has been one the best experienced I had so far.Vegies were cooked to the perfectionThe duck (can't recall the  name of the dish) was again cooked just just right and at the right temperature (wich means hot) when served.The mix of spices and flavour were a delight up to the last spoon!  I will certainnly go back to Pippali on my next stay in NY...Èric Desjardins  Quebec city.
Awesome food!Try the Bihari Lamb and Bihari Dal- loved it!Great service... Good ambiance ...Overall an awesome place..!Bit costly- but worth it
First time here and I love it. The food is great. the place is quiet and the environment is calm. Their garlic naan is the best I have tried so far. The slow cooked lamb is awesome, they really made it good. Most importantly great service.
Good Indian food, but a little on the bland side.  I like a lot spice a flavor.  Do try the eggplant.  Also, the bartender makes an excellent martini.
Excellent vegetable curry (i forgot the name, starts with a K). Excllent chicken masala. daahl was good but not as great as the other two. Samosas were not that interesting. The sweet naan was great.
Placed an order online and waited more than 90 minutes for delivery. Called to check on status and was placed on hold for more than 10 minutes. Called back and was told "they were busy". No apology, no discount. By the time the food came it was cold and damp. I'm sure the dine-in experience is better based on all the good reviews, but I would be weary about ordering in from these guys.
My Review pertains to a week day lunch only. Firstly they do not display their lunch special Menu on their web site so you do not know that you have a 10$ deal if you order vegetarian Thali till you get there / read the Yelp reviews.I got there at 12:15 and there wasn't a soul there but after 12:45 there were more people filing in. I ordered the Punjabi Thali and my college the Lamb thali with the choice of Lamb curry.The food quantity was decent and they only gave us a single Nan to be shared amonst 2 of us, even though the guy said please as me if you need more nan / rice. The food was good but no exceptional I would really give them a 3.8 Star rating, maybe they are better for dinner.The Panner was hard, the Chole tasted nice, different compared to run of the mill chick peas in other places. The Dal was rustic and simple(done right), the vegetable tikka was not that great, The salad and dressing was the best I have seen in an Indian restaurant ( surprising). The Nan was about average not very crips, I expected it to be better. The Rice was peas Pulao, not much flavour. The dessert was nice but not exceptional.Its definitely a promising place but for vegetarians I would say not that great as the choices on both the Lunch & dinner Menu was limited. I will definitely return and try more of their dishes before my final assessment. The service was prompt and good, no complaints.
Delicious food and friendly, curteous staff.  I actually grew up in Murray Hill and have eaten at every Indian restaurant in the neighborhood.  I have to say that Pippali, by far, is the BEST. A true testament to the food has to be my father, who is not a fan of Indian food or curry, was tricked into coming here the first time, and ultimately a few weeks later requested to have his birthday dinner here!You can't go wrong with anything on the menu - I recommend it all!
We had lunch here today and we'll definitely be back!We were frequent visitors to Chennai garden (which was at this location till 6 months back ) and decided to try this new restaurant based on yelp reviews & we were absolutely glad we did. Chennai garden has now been integrated with Tiffin Wallah which is only 1 block away . Both Pippali & Chennai garden/ Tiffin Wallah are owned by Mr Pradeep Shinde....a wonderful person who personally greeted us and made sure everything was just perfect . The decor has been completely revamped & it looks very elegant & upscale. They also have a liquor license now.Coming to the food...it's not mentioned on their website menu but they have multiple options for lunch...about 5 varieties of thali (1 or 2 veg/nonveg maindishes acc to your choice served with an appetiser (today 'twas pakora), nan, rice, dal , vegetable of the day, spinach curry , raita, salad &dessert). There are multiple choices for the maindishes and they vary from vegetarian to chicken, lamb or seafood.In addition to the thalis they also have Chicken, Vegetable, Lamb Biriyani etc as lunch special options served with salad, raita & dessert.The lunch prices were very nominal & we also ordered an extra appetiser , papri chat , out of the dinner menu which was also very reasonably priced.We ordered two vegetarian punjabi thalis & one chicken briyani all of which were exceptional.The nan was soft and cooked just right (no burnt pieces...if you know what I'm talking about) the plain rice as well as the chicken Briyani were cooked to perfection & the briyani was perfectly spiced...spicy without being too hot (the kind that makes your taste buds tingle and stomach smile :-) . )Keep it up Pippali!! We'll be back soon!
I had a vegetarian thali here (they have two kinds, and I got the one with chickpeas and peas/cheese). For $10, I got way too much food for me to ever eat, plus they gave us a basket of bread. Everything was delicious and not too heavy, and I was very satisfied. The waiter and host were both very nice, kept our water glasses filled, and were just generally friendly and considerate, even during the lunch rush. Recommended.
I had a great time at this place. From start to finish, the service and food were great! My friend spotted the new addition to the neighborhood so we came here as a small group to try it (opened less than 2 months ago). From the minute we walked in the host was extremely friendly, made us feel very welcome, and took the time to explain all about the food and drinks to us. The food was unique and different (not at all the standard fare you see in Indian restaurants), with creative regional elements and fresh ingredients. It wasn't very crowded (maybe 4 tables were seated) which may have contributed to the attentive service, but overall the place was great, and definitely a welcome addition to Curry Hill. Look forward to heading back soon!
I was in NYC for business and decided to give this place a try based on Yelp reviews. I asked the server to recommend 2 apps and he picked: Chicken Tikka and Taash Kabab (lamb). Both were very good! I also had their special cocktail (evening in pippali) and an order of Nan. With tax and tip all this came to $44....the food was tasty (spicy but Not burn your lips hot) and the servers were very friendly. If you are looking for good Indian food on the lower East Side, this is a great spot to try.
Best Indian food I have tried so far in NYC... period. Clean flavors, vibrant spices, creativity and fanci-ness that does not compromise authenticity. Oh, and on top of that prices are reasonable, table availability is good, service is impeccable and the selection of drinks is very expansive... Ok, is it obvious I am a fan? If I find a better Indian place in NYC I will have to let you all know :)
Great food at a great value.  Got the chicken Tikka Masala Thali lunch special.  The amount of food they give you for $12 or $13 is unreal, and you get quality as well as quantity.  Highly recommend!
We went for lunch.  Wonderful way to try many different aspects of an Indian meal.  Especially for the price, the ambiance, service and quality of the food is unbeatable.
Excellent food, excellent service. I think this restaurant is in competition with Tulsi for being the best Indian restaurant in the city. I've had the duck, the Bihari Ghost, chicken, Jaipur kofta...all outstanding. Service was warm and solicitous without being intrusive. Highly, highly recommend. And I should know...I grew up eating Indian food almost  every day of my life!
Excellent experience.  Very good customer service; they gave me a bowl of fruit to break my Ramazan fast. The bihari gohst and naan were solid.   I recommend this place!
This was ok. The place was very crowded and noisy. Our table for 4 barely had space to keep the food which we ordered. Taste of food was also ok. I have been to better Indian restaurants. Wouldn't recommend this unless you really ran out of options and wanted to try this.
Finally, a relatively authentic Indian restaurant with lovely ambiance. We came here and ordered the red vino from Indian (who knew India had good wine but they do), samosas, black bass curry, a vegetarian curry, and garlic naan. It was all very tasty and we'll definitely be back. The service was on point as well.
Food here is superb. The wait staff was very attentive to our table, and provided superb recommendations on dishes to sample. Definitely one of the better Indian restaurants in the city.
Paneer veggie starter delicately spiced and OK.   The "speciality" Mutsh (Kashmiri lamb kofta) a disappointment though - a layer of heavy lamb like a burger (and not light kofte at all) with rich but clumsily spiced sauce on top.   Had a lot of Indian food but this dish really didn't work.  Happy to have tasted a Sri Lankan beer for the first time, but unlikely to go back.
We've lived in the neighborhood for over 15 years and have never been able to find an Indian restaurant we liked close by.  They all just seemed so greasy to us.  Everything changed a few days ago, when I walked past Pippali and noticed that it was new to the neighborhood and looked really nice.  When we ordered in tonight, we decided to give this place a chance.  I'm so glad we did!  We ordered the Chapli Shorba (chicken soup with Indian style sausage), Bihari Dal, Bihari Gohst (really yummy marinated braised lamb shank) and Lagan Da Murgh (amazing chicken roulade).  Each dish was wonderful and we kept on smiling throughout the meal.  This is such a winner!  And the fact that the chef is originally from Tamarind makes so much sense.  No wonder everything's so amazing.  I only gave this five stars because there was no option for six.    We will be back, and be spreading the word!!!!
These guys screwed me. They never even delivered my food after I waited for three hours. Don't order from this place!!!!!!!!!!
Very good food. I really liked the Kashmiri Naan
Was craving Indian food for so long and finally had an opportunity. This was so satisfying, everything was so good. The Bihari Dal had so much flavor, definitely the best I've had to date. My friend had the Neer Dosa, crepes with mango chutney and a mix of pan grilled seafood. She said it was amazing, a bit spicy for her but still finished the plate. I had the Deg Gohst, a slow cooked lamb in sauce which was so tender and full of flavor. I would have preferred Nan but ordered the roti instead but it was well used for the sauce that my entree was marinated in. I liked the spice, it was hot and I like hot but it didn't overwhelm the meal like I've had at other establishments. Nice selection of wines and cocktails, staff was super friendly. We had an early dinner and there were only a few people there. By the end of our meal, the place was packed so I recommend a reservation since the interior is cozy.
The food was great! Nice spices and flavors! However the naan-bread was OK, i have had better...
Nice looking place. I went with a group of 6 friends here. Most of us enjoyed our dishes and left  our dishes clean!! Overall, the food was delicious but a bit too spicy for me. And just a heads-up, the Chicken Tikka Masala has more of a tomato sauce taste. The wait time was a quite long, which was due to the crowd of people ordering. However, we sure got our reserved table on the dot (call just to confirm your reservation).
Had a great grilled salmon and an eggplant dish.  Meal came with rice, and papadums with dipping sauce to start.  Service was pleasant and prompt and prices reasonable.
just visited last night.  Staff was very attentive, decor was very comfortable and relaxed.  The space was not as tight as the other restaurants on lex.  Food was delicious-the chickpea and spinach fritters were not greasy and had just the right amount of spice.  Garlic and Onion Naan were amazing.  Will be vising again soon.
Wonderful food.  First time to a real Indian restaurant and I am hooked!  Went with friends and we ordered multiple dishes and ate family style.  Definitely the way to go to enjoy all of the delicious dishes.  The place was cozy but we thoroughly enjoyed.  We will visit next time we are back in the city!
While I'm no Indian food expert by any means - I can't even tell the regions apart - I can tell if a place seems to be at least reying to please the customer.  And this place definitely does that.  Who knew there were so many different ingredients in "Indian' cusisine?  Way way better than 6th Street could offer.  The manager? was very pleasaqnt and explained where the dishes came form.  We even had a decent bottle of Indian redwine for $32!  And the decor in the place is well beyond what one could expect at the prices on the menu.  Definitely one of the better bargains in Manhaatan.  Even the food alone is worth a visit.
One year-old restaurant by the chef from Tamarind. The vegetarian entree, jaipuri kofta, and the cauliflower side dish were very good, though the tandoor chicken in the Murgh Tikka Masala was dry. The service was poor, though. It took an hour and a half to get our entrees and then dishes weren't cleared when we finished, whereas the service was always impeccable at Tamarind.
Go Go Go.  The food covers a gambit of Indian cuisine, and the maitre d will educate you about it.  This food is from this region.  That is from that.  Beautiful experience.
A great addition to a neighborhood that is literally overrun with Indian food options.  The cuisine is a modern take on Indian food and the dishes are truly inspired.  The Scallop appetizer was outstanding and all four of the main courses we ordered were equally good.  The service is attentive and helpful.  I really love this place.
Best Indian I've ever had.  And, service was amazing.  We came early with our four year old who was nearing the end of her rope, and the wait staff was wonderfully attentive and friendly.  The food is fresh and subtle in texture and flavor.  Can not recommend this place enough!
The flavor architecture was complex, rich and deep. This is not a typical Paneer Makhani or Chicken Tikka joint but a unique eclectic collection of cooking styles from all over India.  I had the lamb (Bihari Gohst) and it knocked my socks off. Wife had the Jaipuri Kofta, it was truly amazing. Really, I've had nothing better in NYC and I've been to quite a few places. Only one minor negative was the music selection. It was 80's soft rock night. As a child of the 80's, I decided to view the Phil Collins selections ironically. And it could not detract from the excellence of the food.
The food was great. I had the tandoori salmon, whIch was outstanding. The pappadums were light as air and exceptionally fresh. The garlic naan was nice and garlicky and also very fresh. Service was excellent. I'd just add my voice to what other folks have said -- the acoustics are a little tough. I was sitting right across from my friend at a small table and we could barely carry on a conversation. Prices are really good and excellent value for money.
Excellent food, excellent service, cozy and intimate setting. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in NYC.
So glad we saw the great reviews & checked out this incredible restaurant on our family vacation. We went for our son's 11th b'day at his request for good indian food, and had a lovely experience through & through. Very friendly and efficient staff. And the food - so delicious - I am looking forward to a chance to go back and try more. The goat curry was melt in your mouth; the special chicken also. Can not recommend more highly.
I've ordered delivery from Seamless at lunchtime. I'm impressed with the quality and flavors. The tandoori platter is delicious and includes a variety of meats with various seasonings, including a moist salmon. The fish curry had a very decent portion of a firm white fish, delicious sauce and was served with veg, dal and rice. I liked aloo gobi lunch - I think the cauliflower may have been roasted - nice flavor. The chicken curry lunch was above average, made with chicken breast / probably not cooked in the gravy. Delivery was within the time indicated. I look forward to trying the food at the restaurant.4,5 stars
Lamb curry in masala sauce is top- notch! The meat is tender and the curry sauce complements it beautifully. Naan bread is soft and fluffy yet warm right out of the oven. Our servers are attentive and courteous. Highly recommended!
This restaurant was phenomenal. The flavors were great, the owner was super helpful in helping me decide and it was just the nicest lunch we had in NYC. Everything tasted great and the spices were just perfect (I like my curry hot)! I loved this place and will definitely return next time I am in town. Bravo!
I went to Pippali last night for a work-related dinner and was treated to one of the best meals that I have had recently.  The chef gave us a sample of items off the menu and each dish was a delicious treat.  My favorites included the Papri Chat, Chicken Tikka, and Bihari Gohst.  The meats were tender and juicy, the decor of the restaurant was modern and classy, and our waiter was attentive and friendly.  Highly recommended.
Have to evolve beyond tikka masala to truly appreciate this place.Admittedly, I'm an Indian food novice; I basically like it all.  This makes it difficult to distinguish between reasonable versions of staples such as saag paneer and chicken tikka masala and the really excellent ones.This distinction is pretty important when Pippali serves a small helping of CTM for $16, significantly pricier than its Seamless peers.  On the other hand, there are multiple winners deeper into the menu, including the lagan ka murgh (stuffed chicken in sauce), bihari gohst (lamb on the bone in a dark sauce).Heat levels of spicy dishes approximate the "moderately spicy" level of Xi'an Famous Foods.  Sauces are pre-made, so no substitution options to reduce the heat.  Better order a lassi instead.All said, the chicken tikka masala is pretty darn good.
We had take-out from Pippali so I reserve the right to change this review if we ever actually eat in the restaurant (which I'm assuming would be better). The food here was good- actually very tasty. There wasn't a bad dish among anything we had. My issue was the exorbitant prices. It just cost too much. Our bill for two people was over $100 for dinner with no alcohol. While we intentionally order way more than we can eat in one sitting, still this was a pricey meal. And to be honest, nothing really just blew us away.That said, we're no experts on Indian food- never been to India and only know the cuisine through places here. Like I said- I reserve the right to change this review since we'll probably end up going here again at some point in time.
Has a real Indian spicy flavor to it! Would definitely recommend to try new dishes whenever you visit here. Ordered dabeli, kolapuri chicken and naan. Although the drink was very bad, so might need to try a different one next time.
I came here for the lunch specials on weekdays. The price is reasonable and the taste was great! The food is authentic and well made. Bring your friends and family! I think this place will serve you the best Indian dinner.
This was my favorite Indian restaurant in New York City.  The lunch thali plates are an amazing deal. You get a ton of food and each of the items tastes really good. Dinner here is solid too. I would recommend trying the lamb and the chicken tandooris.
Really enjoyed my dinner here last night, where I caught up with an old friend.  I had the Chilean seabass, with a very rich coconut curry sauce.  This wasn't your typical Indian presentation of chunks of protein bathing in a tub of sauce. The perfectly roasted fish sat on the slurry of curry sauce, accompanied by a lightly dressed nest of micro-thin long slivers of carrot and beet. It's as if we were at a posh and trendy eatery, not a curry hill standard.  I really loved the dish, and the portion was very generous.  My friend had the goat curry - which he enjoyed.  We shared the mushroom side dish, which was very flavorful and a touch spicy.  All in all, very reasonable prices for generous portions and a very well executed meal.  Service was basic. but acceptable.
Lagan Ka Murgh - made my experience a disappointment. It's a flavorless blah of meat rolled up.. I didn't even finish it.
I am very picky when choosing an Indian restaurant. So far none of the places I have tried have met my expectations...except for Pippali. I was very impressed. Excellent food, great quality, good service, reasonable prices. Cocktails were also quite good. Will come back!
A nice cozy place for a good Indian meal, they specialise in Thali's and you can choose your main along with the Thali which includes Lentils, couple of curries with a choice of roti or Naan, raita, dessert, papad etc.Also do try their Mango Lassi which is thick and gives you the authentic taste of alphonso mango
In search of an Indian spicy gravy and crispy Naan bread, me and my husband went to a place called chennai Garden by Tiffinwallah on Lexington Avenue. But as soon as we walked in we realized that they don't have Tandoor which means no Naan bread. But the guy quickly gave us a card and scooted us to his upscale counterpart serving typical North Indian food- Pippali. Located just a block away, this a bit posh Indian restaurant with a fancy menu and ambiance. With entree priced between $15-$20 range, the quantity is pretty good. We started our meal with a zingy Samosa Chaat which was easy on the palette. Next we devoured a Sabz Tikka Masala with a Masala Naan and Mint Parantha. The gravy was Rich n spicy just the way we wanted and the Naan was stretchy. Wud have loved to try a dessert too, but I was too full!
This place is yummy.  Known for rarer dishes, not your run of the mill Curry Hill restaurants, I was excited to try it for lunch with my man. We came on a Sunday around 1:30ish. I'm not sure what rare signature dishes they offer simply because all of the items on the lunch menu seem traditional but everything was still delicious. We did the pre fixe, which is a great value for $15... and the portioning is good if not a bit on the more filling side (Indian food usually is).The Mr had the chicken kebab which was good for his app, which was ok- shaved radishes (or something), a green, buttery, flat kebab (which was better), and this other kebab which didn't taste as interesting or yummy.  His main was the dark lamb curry  - which I didn't try because I don't like lamb but he told me that it was tasty and spicy.  It was hot (like temperature wise)- everything was made super fresh.  I had the potato croquette to start which was yummy and different- it was a breaded and fried potato patty which chickpea, some kind of yogurt space and this crunchy dried rice sort of thing- hard to explain but the texture was good. I had the fish curry which were good pieces of white fish in a mustard sauce - I normally don't like mustard but it wasn't strong and more mustard seed and fennel which was good with the fish.The mains came with dal, basmati rice and chickpea.  The chickpea were spicy, and the rice buttery but the dal was my favorite -  it was a simply yellow dal but was yummy.  It came with of choice of bread and we picked naan and roti equally.  The naan was super fluffy and good and roti was good too- whole wheat.The lunch specials came with dessert, and this was a perfect portion because we were full- one scoop of the soaked honey ball thing (forget the name), and this paneer-like patty with cardamom and ice cream- the latter was super delicious and different.Overall, I'd recommend and am looking to come back for dinner.
You aren't allowed to make online reservations for a party larger than 6, but if you call in, that isn't an issue. The restaurant is small and intimate, but they still somehow manage to fit multiple large parties - when we were there, we were only one of the 3 parties with 8+ people.We shared everything family style, which worked out even though we had two vegetarians at our table. I guess that's the great thing about Indian cuisine! Lots of delicious vegetarian options. :) We got a complementary appetizer which consisted of papad (this really thin, deep fried corn chip) served with two different types of chutney. The spicy green one was my favorite!!A few highlights of the items we ordered:**side note: this is probably not the best place to take anyone who cannot handle spicy foods, because almost EVERYTHING is spicy, even if you ask for it to be NOT spicy, but I have noted some of the non-spicy dishes that we ordered.SEEDAI PAKODI (non-spicy) - Deep fried goodness! Pretty much the Indian version of vegetable tempura. I am still curious as to how they deep fried the spinach or the onions, but regardless, it was delicious. JAIPURI KOFTA (non-spicy) - This was the dish I ordered. I didn't read the description closely, so I actually thought it would have whole chickpeas, but the dumplings were really nice and soft.BAINGAN KA SALAN - This was the eggplant dish, and it was surprisingly spicy. I'm not a connoisseur of indian spices by any means, but I'm guessing if you like tikka masala but are vegetarian, this would be your type of entree.PALAK PANEER (non-spicy) -The creamed spinach was excellent, but there was not a lot of cheese included in the dish at all. MURGH TIKKA MASALA - This dish was a lot spicier than I expected - my mouth was on fire for the rest of my meal after having a piece of chicken. The chicken was all white meat, which absorbed the sauce quite well...I'm drooling just thinking about it.The regular naan was delicious! I liked that it was doughy on the inside and crispy on the outside and not just doughy throughout. To give you an idea of how much you'll need to order...our party of 8 ordered a total of 4 orders of naan (so about 2 pieces per person is a good estimate of how much to order). We also got rice with some of the entrees, which were refilled throughout our meal without an additional cost.I docked one star off because I'm not sure you really get your money's worth. The ambience is really great, and the food is delicious, but the dishes were 80% sauce and 20% substance. If you got the chicken, there were 5-6 pieces swimming in a bowl of sauce. If you got the eggplant, there were 4-5 pieces swimming in a bowl of sauce. Really not that substantial at all, considering how much we paid ($15-16/dish). Still, we all were able to eat our fill, probably due to the heaviness of the cream in the dishes.Service is slow, so don't expect to get in and out of here in under an hour. It probably won't happen. However, if you have the time to spend (ie. you are catching up with friends or family), this would be a great place to have a nice meal in the city and not feel rushed.PSA: Don't try to eat a full meal here (spices and all) and go out for drinks later. Alcohol + Indian food = massive gastrointestinal discomfort. Trust me, you will thank me for this later. X___x
My go to Indian restaurant in New York City. Love their naan and chicken tikka masala. Very attentive staff.
Based on my first and only experience here, I have to give a five! Food:We ordered the duck breast entree (batak uthapam) and the subz tikka masala which is a vegetarian entree of broccoli and cauliflower in a tikka masala sauce. On the side, we had some garlic naan. The entrees were amazing. I was not expecting the duck breast to be as tender as it was and the whole ensemble including the mushrooms and the uttapam (masala pancake) made this dish a very enjoyable experience of multiple flavors and textures. The Subz tikka masala was amazingly satisfying given that there was no meat. Also, they give you tons of sauce. The only negative comment I might have is that the garlic naan tasted a little bit sour - probably from some added vinegar? In any case, still chewy but light!Service:Really really great. Everyone was extremely attentive and polite. All the staff made us feel very comfortable and well taken care of. This is a definitely a restaurant where the service stood out.Pippali is worth the slightly higher prices for sure!
-Murgh Tikka Masala: the curry part is AMAZING, the chicken is well cooked, although I personally prefer soft chicken thigh, not hard breast-Kashmiri Mutsch: a very unique dish (had never tried anything like this) with a slab of lamb kofta in a dark fennel and ginger yogurt sauce with delicious beetsOverall, a little pricey but I enjoyed the food. Will try again!
We asked for the less spicy stuff on the menu as we were all a bit sentive, we had the rice with Tandoori Chicken as recommended by the waiter. It was super super good, but so f****ing spicy, we could barely eat. But the Naans was amazing! The staff is nice too and the atmosphere is... WARM!
Been coming here since they opened, so have come to expect better service than what I received.  Came in for lunch with my sister and elderly Mom on Friday and service was very poor.  My sister and I just wanted to have lunch and have my 72 year old Mom along for company.  We ordered 2 dishes.  Mom had a tiny bit from each of our lunch "specials" which still weren't cheap....$12 for a thali with mostly starch items and 4 small cubes of lamb and a $10 chicken biryani.  The restaurant was almost empty when we arrived and never reached above capacity.  However, the waiters ignored us the entire time.  When the waiter finally handed me the check he said, next time everyone has to order a separate dish and that the "lunch specials" aren't to be shared.  This might be their policy and they are welcome to enforce it, even against an elderly lady, but I can also choose to no longer give places like this my money since they seem to have little regard for long time customers.
I called the restaurant to reserve table for 15+ group but the person who answered was very rude and was not interested to accommodate us. Didn't expect this from a top rated (if its true) restaurant .
Nice lunch here, and a definite step up from the usual buffet fare in Curry Hill.The chicken kolapuri thali I ordered (~$10) arrived on a round metal tray, arrayed with little bowls filled with brightly colored, vibrantly flavored dishes. In addition to this chicken (in a deep red, coconut-tinged, warmly-spiced sauce), there was tender baby eggplant in a mild golden gravy, verdant emerald spinach chopped fine and mellow-spiced, delicious dal makhani (buttery stewed lentils), basmati rice, raita, green salad and gulab jamun.Only two demerits: accompanying naan was a bit stiff and dry (not sure if it was even butter-brushed), and the manager/owner didn't smile or display much charm or hospitality -- a missed opportunity to set a warm, friendly tone in an otherwise very good restaurant.
Delicious food & nice ambiance of the place compared to other Indian places in the area. Their Chicken Tikka & Jaipuri Kofta were so flavorful! Only complain was that they need to work on keeping the bathroom areas more clean. Also, they dont keep checking on you so we had to literary keep an eye on the waiter to get attention!
I've visited this establishment a few times, by way of ordering my lunch through a subscription service called Meal Pass and each time I am absolutely delighted. They give great portions that last me two meals and the moment I open the containers, the scent wafts out and graces my senses. Not to mention those of my coworkers who are always curious what I'm eating that smells so great! The dishes and naan are delicious! I have had the Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Deg Murgh and thoroughly enjoyed both! The Tikka Masala came with this great additional corn dish, which was slightly sweet and I absolutely loved! I would definitely visit for dinner as well. The ambience of the restaurant itself is very nicely done and even somewhat posh. Overall, visiting this establishment and the food is always above and beyond.
Went here with a couple of friends while visiting the city. Wasn't very expensive if you split a dish and there is more than enough to share (we ended up taking home leftovers). The chicken tikka masala is amazing and the naan and samosas were very good as well. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a nice atmosphere and good food without having to pay a ton of money.
Not so great experience. Ambiance: 4/5The ambiance is ok and as expects for a family dinner. Service: 2/5The servers seemed really busy and were difficult to get a hold of. Though food did arrive on time, the service could be much better.Food Quality: 1/5Not good at all. The subz tikka masala was simply large chunks of broccoli paneer and cauliflower in a red gravy. The biryani also had biggish pieces of veges spread around. The ingredients of the dishes, in general, did not feel meshed and cooked well.Though I was told that the non vegetarian appetizers were good. Value: 1/5At that price range I expect a whole lot more from an Indian restaurant, especially on the vegetarian options on the menu.
I would give 3.5 stars. We went for lunch there yesterday. Ambience is good, menu is different..not like 10 other Indian restaurants. Food quality was good. Food was tasty. However, We did not like the fact that they didn't allow us to share the thali because of which we got upset. That is why we dropped thali and ordered individual curries instead. Dessert (gulab jamun) was good too. Overall I was not highly impressed and pleased to go willing to go there again. For us, it was one time try.
Good food and service. Low key, casual atmosphere - good for catching up with friends. Will definitely go back.
Thanks to another Yelp review, I knew to make reservations (for 7/9 7:30pm) and I didn't have to wait at all. It was definitely really popular, and grew increasingly so as the night progressed. I was pleasantly surprised by the relatively upscale ambiance (dim lighting, nice tablecloth, tastefully decorated interior). They gave us pappadam and two chutneys (red & green) as complimentary appetizers, and they were pretty good. The red chutney is reminiscent of barbecue sauce, and the green is a bit spicy. For the three of us, we ordered two entrees (butter chicken ($16) - off-menu - and palak paneer ($16)) and garlic naan ($5). I also got a mango lassi ($5), which was mediocre. It wasn't amazing, but it wasn't saccharine, either. It quenched my craving for a mango lassi, but I wouldn't get it again. The entrees came with rice (we got it twice) and there was way more than enough food for the three of us; I brought leftovers home. The butter chicken was rich and really tasty, though I'd say that the star is the butter-drenched sauce rather than the chicken itself. The palak paneer and the garlic naan were both solid. I'd definitely get everything again (but possibly for 4 instead of 3).
Cozy place with a lot to offer. Server was incredibly informative and provided a few suggestions for what to order based on my preferences. Will be back to try some of their seafood selections!
One of the best lunch specials I've had in a while! I came with a friend a little before noon and the place was empty. Soon enough business people started dropping by, filling the place with suits and chatter. The place is elegantly furnished, but no shame to me and my sweatpant outfit. I ordered the chicken biryani- despite the waiter warning me it may be on the spicy side. It wasn't that spicy in my opinion, but thank you for the warning nonetheless! It was really good, although I wish the chicken came in smaller pieces, they were basically big chunks buried under my rice. The platter came with other Indian dishes that I've seen before at other restaurants: a lentil soup, a cauliflower dish, a spinach cream, salad, yogurt, and rice dessert. It felt very much like a sampler dish, a really filling one! It made the whole eating experience very fun! All the side dishes were really good, my particular favorite was the cauliflower one.  All in all, I'd definitely go back again and try more. Our bill was $23.80 for two dishes and leftovers - well worth!
It was a cold Sunday night (at least by my standards), and I was craving a warm ethnic meal before a crazy few days of work ahead.  Kudos to Aimee K for seeking this place out and making a reservation for three... it was just what I was hoping for!Aimee K, Monica S and I had a fun, memorable, tasty meal at Pippali.  We walked in hungry and walked out with very full bellies.  We could have had plenty of leftovers, but sadly, we knew we wouldn't have a chance to enjoy them... I hate that!In addition to the very addicting Papadum and 3 dipping sauces they brought for us to start, we shared the following:-1 Samosa Chat appetizer-1 Chicken Tikka appetizer-1 Naan-1 Baingan Ka Salan-1 Bhuni Gobi-1 Mushroom Tak Tak-1 bottle of temperanilloI enjoyed it all, but my faves were the eggplant ,the cauliflower, and the mushrooms.  Great flavor all around!  The staff was super attentive and friendly as well...and the restaurant itself was comfortable and had the right balance of a casual yet classy environment.Considering the amount of food we had, the prices seemed reasonable - especially for being in NYC.  I will not hesitate to return to Pippali if I find myself craving authentic Indian cuisine on a future visit to NYC!
Oh my!  I'm returning to this place. The vindaloo really was superb. Lamb as tender as can be and that sauce - that big bowl of gorgeous deep red sauce with the rice and outstanding Nan.  Don't hesitate to try this place. And nice people. Attentive and accommodating. A winning place.
Been here for the weekend lunch prix fixe as well as the weekday thalis.  The food is fresh, service is attentive and the decor is relaxing.    My favorite Indian place in the city thus far.
I ate at Pippali on 3/31/16 again, after eating here regularly over the past three years, and what amazes most of all is the consistent high level of excellence from the kitchen. I've simply never had a bad meal here, and there isn't a single other restaurant I can say that about, at any price point. Still my highest recommendation for Indian food in New York.
Indian cuisine is not an area I would consider myself even close to knowledgable in, but when Pippali quietly opened in the Flatiron, "Curry Hill" area of Manhattan, the consistent positive feedback eventually led to further research on the restaurant. Pippali opened under the oversight of Chef Peter Beck, who spent time at Benares and Michelin-starred Tamarind, before he decided to open a place of his own. And when a restaurant is named after a pepper (also known as Javanese, the "Indian long pepper"), how could I not make a visit?The four of us arrived at the restaurant on a weekday evening after work, and were seated at a four-top towards the back of the dining room. The entire venue is pretty enclosed as it's situated underground, but is adequately spaced with several rows of tables to keep the room organized. Although it was only half full at that time, every table was filled by the end of the night, making for a clamorous dining environment. It's far from the ideal location for an intimate conversation, so be prepared or arrive at an earlier hour to avoid the crowds.One of my friends was more familiar with the cuisine so we defaulted most of the decision making to her, as well as the choice to serve everything family style. In due time, our appetizers made our way over. The Sungta Kismuri, a dish comprised of pan-grilled shrimp served over a lentil-rice pancake. The shrimp were plump and juicy, cooked to just the right tenderness, and seasoned well. They were complimented by the masala-onion sauce, but the slight soggyness of the pancake was the one thing that detracted from the overall execution. The Gose Sadhi, presented almost like a soup, was a complex layering of coconut, chili, and garlic flavors, while the cabbage and black-eyed peas added some much-needed texture to the dish.The choice of entrees at Pippali is even more vast, so we had a harder time narrowing it down to two dishes. The Subz Tikka Masala featured submerged slices of tandoor-grilled soya (a meat substitute) in the familiar fenugreek tomato sauce. The flavors were spot-on, a balance of savory, sweet and acidic, with just a hint of spice and the addition of cauliflower, broccoli, and bell peppers helped amplify the dish. The Bihari Gohst, on the other hand, was a carnivore's delight: an entire lamb shank braised in a rich, full-bodied curry sauce. The lamb, fall-off-the-bone tender, had a faint edge of gameyness and had soaked in plenty of flavor from the curry. With the addition of onion and tomato chunks, it made for one of the most satisfying and aromatic plates of the night.While I can claim nothing about the authenticity of the food served at Pippali (besides what my Indian coworker assures me is as close to the original that's she's had), from what I've tried, everything served here demonstrates a great deal of care and attention to detail put into each plate. Portions are generous and prices are more than reasonable, making it a viable option to put on regular rotation. I'd return to try an even greater variety of dishes and to see just how generous the kitchen can be with the spice; after all, why else would you name a restaurant after one?
When in or near Curry Hill, I recommend Pippali Indian Restaurant. My other regular favorite for lunch is nearby Bhatti Indian Grill for its unlimited weekday lunch special.Pippali serves fresh ingredients, offers a warm and inviting décor, visibly clean, and serves a simple lunch with something for everyone.I enjoyed the Lamb Biryani with Naan and included small salad and dessert (see pic). Much better than average.Full bar including Kingfisher Beer.Served promptly. Good value too.Look forward to returning for dinner.Between Park Avenue South and Lexington Avenue. 6 Train one block away.
Great lunch specials. And they have them on weekends!A nice clean interior, somewhat dark but otherwise very comfortable. We happened to be in the area and stopped here for lunch. We ordered a chicken tikka masala thali and a goat curry thali. For reference, thalis are essentially sampler platters where you choose your main and it comes with a whole slew of little dishes on a tray. For $12 or $13, it's unreal how much food you get.  In addition to the main, our thalis came with rice, salad, yogurt, spinach paneer, a vegetable stew of sorts, another dish with beans, naan, and dessert. The food was delicious. Chicken tikka is pretty Americanized, but it was tasty, with tender pieces of chicken and a flavorful sauce. The goat curry was even better, being perfectly cooked and juicy and the brown curry was a great pairing. I couldn't really identify most of the other dishes but they were all delicious and we couldn't even finish everything, there was so much food. Will come back again!
Amazing. Great selection. Great prices and friendly staff. There is no place better in the area to get your NYC stuff. Support local businesses and buy it here!
Overall: love the lunch specials here because this is one of the good Indian food I had in New York City. I've tried some in upper west side and the taste was terrible. But here, it's pretty good!Things I liked:- Lunch menu: ranging from 10-14 dollars, you can get a lot with a variety of small dishes along with your main choice of dish from the menu.- The food tastes good! Once I had butter chicken somewhere else in NYC and it was terrible--it was terribly sweet. But here, butter chicken was much better, of course compared to that other restaurant.
Best indian food I've ever had. I apologize to all my Indian friends for secretly thinking all indian dishes taste like curry and disliking them for their mushy-ness before I came here. Life will never be the same for me. I will reserve all my cheat meals for this place. Here's the thing with Pippali: they make meat/seafood so freaking tender, like, SO FREAKING TENDER.We got chicken tikka and scallop for appetizers and followed the waiter's recommendation of lamb shank and sea bass for entrees. Damn lamb. Damn sea bass. Should've asked the waiter for appetizer recommendations as well. Garlic naan is also needed because you need to dip it into the sauce of everything.Dessert is another story. Gee. Dessert is quite a mess. The pistachio ice cream dipped in cream with vermicelli noodles is a pile of sadness. Do not get dessert here.Still the best indian food I've ever had.
My second visit to this place. I always enjoy there food. I ordered the chicken tikka thali. It was very well cooked. The dishes were all well prepared. I enjoyed it alot! Will come back again to try different items on the dinner menu!
Anjeen tikki - strong taste of gingerJaipuri kofta- unfried falafel. I found it quite strange at first but then I figured out what to compare it to. Apparently this was a dumpling.. I think I'll stick with Asian dumplings. Dum bhindi - great way to get someone to enjoy okra. Kind of oily but Indian spices are always a great mix for veggies. Mushroom tak tak- I was very disappointed in this dish. This was your normal seasoning (the must haves in your kitchen). It has a lot of white button mushrooms. I thought it would be a mix or another type of mushroom. Chana masala - chick peas with creamy sauce! So addicting. It's great as a dip! Well that's what I used it for. I didn't eat it with rice but I'm pretty sure if you mixed it, it would still be addicting.
I went last night ...with family to this restaurant. Small one but the ambience is quite nice . It was full when we reached after waiting for 20 min we finally got the seat . We ordered a dish called"bakra" since we all love goat meat ,some chicken dish and bikaneri paneer ...the food was amazing...specially the bakra ...was delicious outstanding mild spicy and had good taste .loved it . I recommend people to try out this place .
When in "Indian town" there are a plethora of restaurants to choose from, thank god for Yelp... Well so I thought. Our initial restaurant was booked so I yelped a new place and this popped up. They were pretty empty when we stopped by on a Friday eve around 7ish. Service and food was average. Nothing worth expounding on, it was all just average.
I would give the food 5 stars but service was more of a 3.5/4 star. Must try the lamb seekh kebabs and hyderabadi biryani. Probably one of the good tasting indian restaurants in the city.
Best Indian restaurant period. Have to get the chicken tandoori.
I ordered dinner tonight from Pippali.  It was 25 minutes late and cold when I arrived.  The lamb dish was particularly unappetizing - cold and almost raw in the middle.  Very disappointing given that it is more expensive than most of the other Indian restaurants in the neighborhood.
I've been to a lot of places in this area and this place probably has the best lunch deal in the area but I found the food to be okay.  They have Thali for lunch (a series of small bowls with various curries) and prices range from $10 to $15 (with meat).  Great deal for tons of food (includes naan).  The best was probably the kofta.  Saag was solid.  With so many choices in the area, it's hard to make this a number 1 choice but I would not avoid it.
Had my eye on Pippali for the longest time, and finally got to try it out for a quick birthday lunch this week. BF and I walked in just before the lunch rush hour, around 12:30 and it was fairly empty! It was either an unpopular option for lunch, or we had just made it right on time before the lunch rush. We had no reservations but was seated promptly and given water and menus.Already having looked through the lunch menu a dozen times over, I knew I wanted the punjabi thali lunch. BF chose the chicken tikka masala thali(as I had expected) and we loved that everything to choose from was nice and simple. A short, no-frills lunch special is perfect way to try the quality of the food if you do not want to throw down a Benjamin or two for dinner yet. Pippali felt intimate yet elegant, good enough to impress a date or a business lunch with clients.After ordering, our thalis came out quick, and quick in New York time means less than 5 minutes. So I assumed that everything was pre-made earlier in big portions and served to order. Despite knowing how quick everything was served, we were beyond impressed with how massive the thali set was. There must have been a good 8-9 bowls per platter. It was huge and I was afraid I did not have the stomach to finish!Both thalis had basmati rice, dal, saag, raita, salad, chickpeas, fuzzy squash as veggie of the day, papadum, appetizer of the day(ours was a yummy fried potato fritter) and dessert(gulab jamun.) BF had chicken tikka masala and my Punjabi thali had Chole and Matar Paneer! Plus this all came with soft, fresh naan bread!We tried the small papadum that was served without chutney(!!!) and it was sitting around a bit too long, taking away from the crisp, and being more of a bite than a crunch. Appetizer was beyond delicious and I wish I knew the name of the fried fritter. Basmati rice is your basic, perfect for cradling every dish. Naan bread is even better for dipping, but I wish it was garlic naan instead.Saag is very heavy on a ginger, a bit spicy to start with. The fuzzy squash was delicious and very spicy. The dal was not too spicy, but I loved the chole(chickpeas) which was probably the spiciest dish. I did appreciate the salad to cool down all the spice, thank goodness for the raita too... I ended up mixing raita into most of the spicy dishes to level down the heat. The matar paneer was the only mild dish, and it was delicious. However, my tongue was practically burned from the heavy spices. It can be a bit overpowering especially for the American palette. Even for spicy lovers such as BF and myself, we went through the meal sniffling on tissues. It was crazy yummy but not very attractive, so it would be best if you did not bring a first date here unless you don't mind crying in front of them.Overall we really enjoyed the meal even though we both cried through it(I guess we are wimps when it comes to Indian spice.) Though as much as I love Indian food, it can be very heavy--even if it is thali, meant to be a small sampling of many dishes. Be warned that Indians use a whole lot of ghee, or clarified butter throughout the cuisine, so it can be a little heavy on the stomach. Service was good, and brownie points that waiters don't hoover around your table waiting to give you the check. We enjoyed our lunch and were not rushed out even with the restaurant getting busy.Pippali would be best to have a nice lunch for the unbeatable price, only $10-15 for the lunch specials. The amount of food is incredible and it is a total flavor trip to be trying new dishes. I cannot comment on the authenticity of the place, but it is surely very popular with the local crowd. By the time we left, the entire restaurant was packed with people waiting in line. Make reservations, because you're gonna need it. I would definitely come back, but I'll know to bring more tissues next time.
Experience here was hot and cold. Two very good dishes included the DUM BINDI (okra) with fried onions and the lamb KEEMA, which was good even though it was odd that it had rajma / large red kidney beans in it. Two mediocre items were the onion NAAN, which had a lot of potential but wasn't cooked long enough so it was doughy and too soft, and the zucchini/onion/cauliflower  pakoras, which I believe were called PAKODI.  This dish felt like it was trying too hard to be fancy, when it should have been simpler and better executed. The pakoras were more like fritters, with the vegetables minced and drowned in a breading, formed into a ball, and then not even fried crispy. The cranberry chutney drizzled over the top was not my cup of tea, but fortunately there wasn't enough of it to absolutely ruin the dish. They don't want to give you green chutney because the chef takes some pride in the cranberry chutney fritter concoction. But they will give it to you if you ask, and in my opinion, the pakoras need it. Maybe I prefer the basics. Pippali wasn't bad. It just wasn't great. The interior is precious and the servers are efficient.
Had the meal delivered. Pretty quick. I only ordered here because there was 20% off for new customers.This food is alright. The Jaipur Kofta was good. The Sabud Dum Bhindi was kind of tasteless, which is pretty unusual for Indian food, and I did request "spicy".The Naan was the worse I have had in years, basically a lot of raw dough, kind of ruined everything else since it was not really edible. We had two Naan, and even the one that was burned in spots still had raw dough within. Yuck!I would never eat here again, because would have to pay full price for only so-so food. This really seems like a meat restaurant, where the real taste is in the meat dishes and the veg are like an afterthought. I am a vegetarian and have lived in India and been eating Indian food for forty years.
Pippali has an extensive menu of delicious, flavorful and beautifully presented Indian cuisine. The space is part romantic and very comfortable, with casual, wooden tables and cushioned seats, as well as booth seating along the walls. The atmosphere is cozy, the food is wonderful and the manager and staff are cordial and excellent in their attentiveness and accommodation. Get the Channa Masala and Gohst (marinated lamb shank) with Nan. Bring everyone you know to Pippali for great Indian food!
I know the real Indian food. Trust me. And this is not that. But this is even better. They have their own way of adding flavors and its absolutely amazing. The price is more than justified for the quantity. I went with my family and everyone just loved it!
Great/reliable foodGet the:OkraCauliflowerGround lamb starterChicken with anis, garlic, and chilliChana masalaGreen chilli chicken starter
I wanted to try this place ever since I heard about it in a magazine. Chef Peter Beck of Tamarind has opened up his new venture. I had the chance to talk to him during my visit and he states that his food is influenced by his traveling experience from India, England, Thailand, Singapore, and the States.It's currently byob. Amazing subz tikka masala aka soy in creamy curry and their bread pushing was for my sweet tooth. Service was good like any other restaurant. I give it 4 stars because I deserve a bit more innovation during my appetizers to hook me into it.
I loved this place. The food was yummy, the ambiance was great and the staff was good.
Our first visit to Pippali was at 3 p.m. in the afternoon so we had to get our order to go. Even eaten out of to-go containers a half hour later, it was clear the food here was special. Previously I had avoided Indian restaurants while visiting New York because I figured, "How could they compare with the variety of Indian food I get in Silicon Valley?" But Pippali stands up to the best of those places.The jaipuri kofta made of chickpea, spinach, and green pumpkin dumplings was exceptional. It was hard to decide between that and the dabeli for the winner of the coveted prize of "Kathy's Favorite Dish." I do have to say that I don't remember the advertised grapes or coconut on the dabeli (basically a potato on a bun but much better than it sounds). I did like the pomegranate seeds and noticed that they seemed to be sprinkled on many of the dishes. ("When in doubt, pomegranate seeds!") The beet appetizer was our least favorite, though still good. I could taste the fig in this dish, but not the advertised mint.We liked the food here so much that it was the only restaurant to which we made a return trip during our visit (not counting the ice cream at Shake Shack). On our second meal we ate inside the restaurant. This time the best dishes were the aloo paratha (simple but nice and buttery) and the samosa chaat. We get samosa chaat all the time where we live, but this was a totally different version topped with (if memory serves) a little yogurt and (of course) pomegranate seeds.The entrees didn't live up to the starter. The chicken remoulade was good but not amazing. The branzini was in a really great sauce, but the fish itself was tough and reminded me of jerky.Despite the missteps, overall I was impressed by the creative, tasty dishes. I wish it was near me.For some reason there isn't a link to the menu on the main website for Pippali. Here it is:pippalinyc.com/#!menu/c2…
Ordered delivery and used the menu pages website for pricesSeedai Pakodi: cauliflower, spinach and onion fritters with chutney. 8.00Tawa Scallops: seasoned grilled scallops, tomato relish and curried avocado. 13.00(3) Topped Nan - garlic. 12.00Murgh Tikka Masala: tandoori-grilled chicken in a cardamom and fenugreek tomato sauce. 15.00Palak Paneer: mildly spiced spinach and indian cheese. 15.00Bihari Gohst: marinated lamb shanks braised in onion, tomato and whole spices. 17.00Total should be $87.10 (tax included). I get a bill for $98. I call them back. According to the person I spoke with, there was a change in the prices. Now the prices areSeedai Pakodi 8.00Tawa Scallops 13.00(3) Topped Nan 15.00Murgh Tikka Masala 16.00Palak Paneer 16.00Bihari Gohst 22.00Viola - I just paid $12 more. After that conversation, the food did not taste so good. Will not order again from them.
Highly recommended - 4+ stars.  If our next meal is as enjoyable, it will probably go to the full 5 stars. Our new favorite Curry Hill Indian restaurant. We looked forward to an excellent Indian meal in the Curry Hill section of Lexington Ave, but had no specific restaurant or regional food in mind.  Happily, we spotted Pippali and were drawn in by the wonderful smell of the Indian spices.  The menu spanned the many regional food styles and offered a wide array of vegetarian dishes. Based on our meal last evening, Pippali is our new favorite Indian restaurant. We enjoyed a number of generous-sized appetizers, split an entree and 3 sides, allowing us to sample an array of dishes. Anjeeri Tikki - 3 roasted beet and carrot patties stuffed with fig and accompanied by a crispy rice garnish was excellent. Our Bombay Dabeli - open-top sliders of potatoes with coriander and cumin sprinkled with dried coconut - were rich in flavor and slightly spicy. The Bhajiya - breaded, fried cauliflower and other vegetables were also delicious.Our shared entree - Kashmiri lamb kofta was well spiced, tender and very flavorful. Our 3 sides - 2 lentil dishes, 1 mushroom tak tak, shrooms pan-cooked with red onion,peppers and grape tomatoes were all enjoyable, but the mushrooms deserve special mention. Overall, a thoroughly enjoyable meal, excellently prepared. Highly recommended.
Easily one of the best Indian restaurants in NYC.  I would rank this up there, as far as the food quality and taste, with Tamarind and Junoon.Food we ordered:New Delhi Samosa Chat: Very tasty and fresh appetizer to start off with.Adraki Chaampen: The best lamp chops I've had.  Seriously. If you like lamb chops, order these!! You will not be disappointed.Melagu Chemeen: This was the star of the table... Chilean Sea bass with a lovely curry sauce.  Mmm... I'll go back to this restaurant just for this dish alone.Hyderabadi Biryani: Packed with flavor! This was the other favorite of the table.  You MUST order this if you come here.We also ordered two chicken curry dishes which were fantastic. This is the type of restaurant you go to again to try the different dishes on the menu.Also the service was incredible.  I came here with my family for my father's birthday and I was the first to arrive.  I was seated by the table and when my family came, I wished my dad with a happy birthday and gave him a hug.  The manager/owner must've seen this because at the end of the meal, he brought out a surprise dessert with candles! I didn't even ask for this but it was so sweet that they did this.  This is the type of service that goes above and beyond what you expect.
First went to Pippali last month for a business lunch since I work in the area. It was a big hit! Easy to get reservations, not super busy, a nice ambiance (not fancy but fancier than the other Indian restaurants in Curry Hill), and good value for money. Great value in my opinion. We each got the lunch thalis - they have a good selection to choose from (both veg + non-veg) and all come with a lot of food for just $12.95. And the service was great. Def will do lunch there again soon.I went again last night for Diwali. Made a reservation for 10, literally on Monday and they were one of the few Indian restaurants in the city that could still accommodate a party of that size. Our party ended up being 7, which worked out just fine. Went around 8:30pm - the place was packed! Dim lighting added to the ambiance - nice touch! And definitely lots of desis, which is always a good sign. I like the manager a lot - don't know his name but he's been there the two times I've gone and he's just got a nice demeanor. Friendly + very accommodating. And even though they were incredibly busy last night, he did his job well. Anyway, we ordered a bunch of dishes:1) Lakhnavi seekh kababs - solid (p.s. I don't really like lamb but I love lamb seekh kababs/the only lamb dish I eat)2) Dal makhani - a bit salty/not my fav3) Murgh tikka masala - their chicken tikka masala is flavorful but sweet. Honestly, all Indian restaurants tend to make this dish sweet to cater to the American palate. True chicken tikka masala is known as butter chicken in India, and should not have an iota of sweetness. I still ate it bec I do like it but I really wish they would cut back on the sugar!!4) Palak paneer - good5) Bikaneri paneer - good! (pleasantly surprised on this one because I don't like paneer with bell peppers)6) Jaipuri kofta - interesting + different...but also sweet7) Kombdi Kolapuri - didn't try the chicken but the gravy was delicious! Would def order again.8) GARLIC NAAN. This can be eaten alone, it is that good. Preferably straight out of the oven.All in all, Pippali was a big hit with my friends, all of whom are Indian. I think it's one of the better options in Curry Hill (although I do love Bhatti's dal makhani + chicken tikka masala). And the service is GREAT. Everyone was wonderful, and let's be honest, service makes a huge difference. They comped us a chicken tikka masala bec we let them know the chicken was a little tough/not tender enough. And they served us complementary pedas (Indian mithai/sweets) for Diwali...! 5 stars for service. 4 stars for food (compared to other restaurants in the city) - mostly bec of the sugar in the typically Punjabi dishes, which should never have sugar. Ever. But the food didn't make me feel heavy and gross like some other places. So, if you're on the fence about where to go for good Indian food, give Pippali a try! I typically don't like to go out for Indian food because I don't think it's all that good or worth it. But Pippali is in my top 5 now.Also, we each ended up spending $30 WITH tip and a bottle of wine last night........so def not hard on the wallet.
We planned team lunch @ 09/21. My rating is specifically for ill-treatment of desi illiterate foolish head waiter (he claims himself as manager and further as owner :)  for serving stale leftover bad quality food. On confronting the issue, he fired up with arrogance of being sole owner on street to run business from 3 years and started speaking all BS stuff rather than improving his skillset to serve people for which he is paid for.  The argument further heated up with one team mate to level that he started abusing and threatening to show off his power on the street and challenge entire team to show face to face.We being from prominent bank on the street, it really didn't matter to debate this illiterate desi fool who was purely tantrum for suppressing the quality of service and food he provided under the table.My frustration again goes more with food quality served today rather than everyone facing the speaking fool over the counter.I would recommend a NO as there are quality Indian restaurants open with quality service and food on Lexington Ave.
Came here for dinner with friends.  Have been wanting to try this restaurant because it is the sister restaurant to a vegetarian Indian place that I love, Tiffin Wallah.  Nice ambiance and decor.My friends want me to include this little warning since every single one of them except for me had this happen to them - beware of placing your utensils on the plate, they slide right off and onto your lap getting Indian food/curry all over your clothes!What We Got:Palak Chana (Not on the menu) - Very good but spicier than we were expectingMurgh Tikka Masala - Good, a bit sweeter with a more intense tomato flavor than I am used toDeg Murgh - Very good (favorite dish for two of my eating companions)Adraki Chaampen - I am not the biggest fan of lamb chops but everyone else said it was good except that they were expecting more seasoning/sauce on the chopsBhun Gobi - This was deliciousNan - Very good naanService:Great service except that they didn't fill up my water cup.  I don't fault the waiter though since everyone at my table had beers and I was the only one drinking water and I was sitting on the inside.
Amazing place. Some of the best Indian food in the city that's authentic. The lamb and naan are great but don't be afraid to try the fish, it's fantastic!
Came here for dinner a couple of Sunday nights ago with 2 friends. My friends were raving about this place, so I already had high expectations from the get-go. We decided to share all of our food, which turned out to be a great idea because I got to try things I probably wouldn't have ordered on my own.To start, we shared an order of their seedai pakodi, which was pretty good, although admittedly, I'd have wanted the patties to be crispier. For our entrees, we got their dum bindhi (good), palak paneer (also good), and their bikaneri paneer (since I love paneer, this was what I would've ordered on my own and it was quite good). We were pleased to find out that there was "unlimited rice" with our entrees, and you can bet that we certainly got out fill of the rice.Prices are a little higher here than in the other Indian eateries in the neighborhood, but I personally think it's worth it due to the prompt service we received throughout our entire meal and the quality of the food. Would love to come back here sometime soon.
Yum! Yum! Yum!The chicken curry was excellent! The fish masala was also beautifully done (with a wonderful spice). This place was really excellent and the food will leave you craving more.
Hands down the beat food and service in any city I have eaten Indian food. The dishes were made perfect, portion was good and the attention to detail was .. Well what can we say !
Great Indian Food.  I had dinner on a weeknight and it was 50% full.Their menu is very extensive and covers all regions of India.The food was amazing.  The dishes didn't seem like totally authentic recipes but tasted great.  The Deg Gohst was delicious and very satisfying.  The Na'an was the best I've had in a while; it's soft, a bit doughy, and has the perfect amount of seasoning.
My wife, my daughter and I had lunch there after a several year absence.  Our thalis, one goat, one lamb and one tandoori chicken were outstanding and a great value.
We were in New York for a short trip and stumbled upon this place during our visit to the Empire State Building. It's a small cozy restaurant, off the main road. In 10 degree weather, the place was packed. So that definitely says something. We really liked the food here. The butter chicken and naan are a must try. We also ordered the malai tikka but did not like it that much. Seekh kabobs were average. The highlight of our meal was definitely the rich creamy butter chicken with warm fresh naan , and surprisingly the appetizer we ordered. We ordered the Papdi chaat and I must say it was fantastic! Will definitely be going again if we are in the area.
I wanted to love Pippali - I've heard so much about it from so many friends and, honestly, it didn't live up to the hype, nor did it distinguish itself among the pack of Curry Hill restaurants. The bhindi was probably the best of what we sampled, the nawabi kesari murgh verged on undercooked (and was certainly flavorless), and the bihari dal was equally flavorless.  Even the naan didn't pack a punch - it was too dry, too much like a cracker. Added to it was flustered and slightly clumsy service.  There's not much that would bring me back to Pippali given the abundance of amazing Indian restaurants in the area.
This place is a gem.  Classy, delicate, interesting Indian food in a nice setting.  Starting out their Papadum is delicate and flavorful.  Not like the usual that you get in other places. Ordered a Saffron chicken which came beautifully plated and was light and flavorful.     Delicious and not spicy.  My friend had a veggie dish with chick peas - also a nice portion and yummy - this had had more spices but terrific.  Basmati rice was served and the portions were all a nice size. Service was good and we did not wait long for our entrees.  Only slight issue was it was a bit too warm in the restaurant. Best of all - reasonably priced. Will def return and this is a wonderful find!
Came here last Friday for dinner and their food was absolutely outstanding! Honestly it's one of the best Indian dining and food experience I've had in a very long time. Considering all the competition that are nearby, their food is seriously top notch. The quality is superior in comparison to the rest of their competitors and the presentation was very impressive.  Our water glasses were always refilled and whenever we finished they would come and clear our plate. To really experience this restaurant,  we all shared an assortment of dishes. One dish that really stood out was their Melagu Chemeen, which is a black peppered Chilean sea bass that is served on a bed of coconut sauce. The smokiness from the fish was outstanding and I love how it can hold it's own weight in the tandoori and not break apart. Their Mutsch - Kashmiri Lamb Koftas was also very delicious. Cooked in a fennel-ginger yogurt sauce with beets and lotus on the side, it blended so well especially when eaten with their mint infused rice. All in all my experience was impressive. The restaurant is small but was roomy enough to not feel cramped. The decor is modern and classy, while dim enough to take a date! ;)
Ordered delivery from this place the other night. The horde of 4-5 star reviews for this place has not escaped me. My favorite Indian restaurant in Curry Hill has always been Dhaba, but it seemed to me that this place could potentially give it a run for its money. The usual yardstick with which I measure the quality of an Indian restaurant is their chicken tikka masala. However, having read quite a few reviews extolling the virtues of their lamb, I decided to make an exception. I ordered the Bihari Gohst, which is lamb shank stewed in curry. My seamless order went through and I seated myself in anticipation before an episode of Orange is the New Black, and eventually, became lost in the sophomoric hi-jinks of minimal security female prison life.An hour later, the episode finished, and my mind, itself released from the prison of all you can consume pop fiction, came to find that my food was still not here. WHAT DA DEALIO,YO? I called the manager and that snitch swore my food was on its way. This turned out to be untrue as I called back 30 minutes later, still foodless, to inquire for a second time. This time I suggested he be honest as to the whereabouts of my lamb shank, lest he'd like to be introduced to a shank of the less meaty variety. By this point, I wasn't just hungry. I was HANGRY. Only a fool with a death wish would keep a man from his lamb for so long. Finally, a whopping hour and 45 minutes later, I receive my order, (comped, due to the long wait time.)Despite the long wait, the food was delicious. I couldn't even get mad at them. The lamb shank was fork tender with just the right amount of spice. You could smack me across the face with it and I'd just keep asking for more. The price, had I paid for it, would have been around $16 with tax and tip. A bit expensive for delivery, but I hear their decor is quite nice so maybe if I had the chance to dine in, it would have been a better experience overall. I'd definitely try this place again after I'm out on parole, but next time, I'll probably dine in.
We were a group of three, arrived for Sunday lunch at 1 pm and were almost the only people there although it quickly filled up with a fairly large number of Indian families -- always a good sign.  The meal was sensational and very reasonable for $14.95.  The food is a departure from the usual NYC Indian restaurants.  The servings were very healthy, tasty and what we couldn't finish we were able to take home (along with another dish). Will most definitely be back soon.With the lunch menu you can choose from either fish, lamb or goat as your main dish. The large platter also comes with rice, condiments, bread and dessert, all excellent with the garlic nan being a real standout.Service was warm, helpful and professional.  If you are not sure about anything, just ask the manager and he will explain the menu and give recommendations.Hope they are able to get their A rating very soon as it may turn some people away who aren't aware of the awesome food.
Had a surprise birthday hosted at Pippali for my boyfriend and it was a success! The staff was super helpful and were very careful in receiving the cake, helping me prepare it on the cake stand with candles and giving suggestions to serve the extra candy I brought. I didn't have to coordinate anything, they just brought things out at the right time. My boyfriend was sitting facing the kitchen door so they were SUPER thoughtful and sneaked everything out to the bar behind his back during dinner and then presented the cake without being noticed earlier - otherwise he would have seen the cake coming from far! AMAZING!Everyone enjoyed their food as well, of course!
First time here today, and very happy with the food and service. Waiters are friendly and attentive in filling my water (because the food was pretty spicy) and food came out super speedy. Perfect for lunch!Basically, their lunch special was incredible! For $12 including tax, you get a plethora of side dishes and curries in addition to a curry/main dish of your choice, basmati rice, small salad, a dessert, and a huge basket of warm nan. Whoa..Their food is spicy and doesn't hold back on all the herbs that make authentic Indian cuisine such a comfort food. Definitely will be back.Go for lunch, you won't be disappointed!
With just 3 cocktails on the menu, they pretty much knock the ball out of the park. I wouldn't advise mixing them, but do go for a second round of the same. While ordering Indian food(especially all non-indians friends), always go with real food and avoid chaats, samosas and other nonsense items like pakoras and pani puris that can ruin your appetite much before the main course. Indian people, knock yourselves out :-)We had a shrimp appetizer, a spicy tilapia entree and the pippali special chicken. With a couple of nans, the food was simply delicious.Oh, and by the way, Pippali means "black peppercorn" for those who don't know.
The presentation of the thali lunch special is really unique because it comes in little dishes on a big tray. Don't be fooled -- it might look like you barely have any food but by the end of the meal, you'll realize that it was surprisingly filling! You get to sample a lot of different dishes, which is a great idea, but personally, I wasn't a huge fan of them so I would've rather had bigger portions of the chicken tikka masala and rice (there were maybe 5 chunks of chicken). The chicken was also quite dry. The flavor was there, but next time I'll stick with just a regular entree instead of the thali.
Truly the best Indian restaurant in all of New York City! I have been there countless times since they opened.The food is consistently fabulous and at a very high gourmet level. The friends I have brought here continue to be amazed at how delicious everything is.The owner, managers, and other staff are really delightful.You really need reservations since the place is so popular. I went on a Monday night recently and it was packed solid.  I usually go for dinner, but the lunch thalis are great, as well.
Best Indian food I've ever had.Honestly.I've tried the chicken tikka masala, the scallop appetizer, the garlic and chili naan, and the lamb shank.  All were DELICIOUS.
Tried the lunch special today. For $11.92 you get two meals worth of food. Awesome deal!Of all the places in Curry Hill, I enjoy the Chicken Tikka Masala here the most. Call it the most "Americanized" or "basic" food you can order at an Indian restaurant, but I thoroughly enjoy the way Pippali makes their Chicken Tikka Masala. It's sweeter than other restaurants in the area, and definitely caters to the American palette more, but it's very good in taste and value.Definitely recommend to try this place, for less than $12 for a huge lunch, you can't go wrong. You've been warned though, you may fall asleep at your office desk afterward!
Best Indian restaurant I've ever experienced. Having traveled to over 50 countries and being a huge fan on Indian food, this is hands down my favorite. Not the traditional Indian menu but the restaurant offers an incredible twist and is filled with flavor and spice!
I recommend this place, taste and price.I think so best Indian cusine at the New York.Sure.
Ordered here for lunch the other day and was very impressed.  They have an eclectic menu and I definitely want to come back for dinner at the restaurant and possibly get a lunch thali.I ordered the Subz Tikka Masala because it sounded interesting and I've never had anything like it.  The dish was amazing.  It was super tasty, full of flavor, and the veggies were cooked perfectly.  The tandoor grilled soya was also very unique, but delicious.  I got the paratha too, and that was a bit dry and chewier than I liked, but okay.  Oh, the rice has peas in it which is nice.Also, when I came to pick up my order, the gentleman was extremely polite and the restaurant looks pretty cool on the inside.  There's a little bar immediately in front of you when you walk down a few stairs, as well as some window seating next to the bar.  I'll definitely be back.
Pipali was very tasty. We got the mixed pakora dish as an appetizer. The fried cauliflower was just okay, but the onion bhaki was great!The Murg Tikka Masala was quite good. The sauce is runny and tomato-y, and medium spicy. There were six or seven large pieces of chicken, so I was very full afterwards. They were nice enough to provide more rice to go with the copious amounts of sauce. Definitely get the garlic Naan. The only concern is that the health grade is pending, which is apparently due to improperly stored meat.
Tried lunch time .I ordered tandoori platter,which has variety kinds of spiced meat platter.Salmon tandoori was so fishy maybe it was not fresh so I could not finish it.For other tandoori I have an impression that they are not that good quality but since they are spiced that was disguised.Service was good.
Truly unique.Pippali joins Kokum and Anjappar in bringing a certain not so well known (even for some Indians like myself) facet of Indian food.Everything from masala mussels to dum bindi to Bihari ghost tastes truly spicy and wonderful
Vegetarian review:I went here for my birthday with a large group of friends, and we all loved the food. The wait staff is very helpful to those unfamiliar with certain items on the menu, especially in terms of spiciness. My non-Indian friends were very pleased.I ordered the Jaipuri Kofta, Subz Tikka Masala, and New Delhi Samosa Chaat. I also had a mango lassi, which had the right amount of yogurt sourness and sweet mango. The Jaipuri Kofta was a little sweet for my tastes, so I might just ask them to make it spicier next time. The Subz Tikka Masala was quite good and I would enjoy it more if it were spicier. The New Delhi Samosa Chaat was made in a very classic way: tons of sev, tamarind (sweet) chutney, little mint chutney, and pomegranate kernels. Though to be honest, I wish there more mint chutney to cut through the sweetness, because this chaat just comes across as sweet and heavy. The samosa ended up being a little soggy as well. Overall, my complaint is that this place tends to make its curries a little on the sweeter side. The solution is just ask them to make it spicier, and it should be fine.The prices may seem a little high, but the quantity of food that they give for one order of any sabzi (curry) is pretty good. In contrast, I was disappointed that each order of naan is only enough for one person. At other Indian restaurants I've been to, one order of naan is enough for minimum 2 people.This isn't your typical Indian place, especially since it serves both North and South Indian cuisine, which I normally find a little suspicious. Oddly enough, the majority of the South Indian dishes here are not vegetarian (lots of seafood), and as a South Indian, that's a little disappointing, since the majority of South Indian cuisine is vegetarian friendly. Pippali also has some sort of modernized take on Indian food going on. There was broccoli in the Subz Tikka Masala, which is by no means an Indian ingredient. To those who want spicy food here, you must ask; it will not be spicy by default. Overall, this place is great, though I'd be careful with large parties. If it's larger than 10 or even 8, call ahead to reserve a table.
Delicious. I have been here numerous times over the years, and it never has disappointed. Food is delicious and relatively cheap. I took my family of about 15 who were hesitant to try Indian food and we ended up ordering a number of the dishes. My family walked out wanting more.
After some yelp research by Dan we went here to celebrate our engagement. I was really happy with the choice of venue. Our reservation was for 9pm and we got there about twenty to. There were quite a few people waiting, some with reservations and some without.We were greeted and told our table was almost ready. They have a few stools at the bar so we sat with drinks while we waited. The barman was lovely and friendly and quickly got our drinks, offering to let me try a little of my chosen wine before he poured a whole glass.We went to our table which was near the back of the restaurant. Its a fairly small place with a great atmosphere. Just the right level of noise and buzz in the place with everyone having a great time from the sounds of it. The menu was excellent with a large number of things we wanted to try. We had poppadoms to begin, perfectly cooked with three lovely sauces.We ordered a hari murch (chicken marinated in green chilli with grape relish) and the seedai pakodi (spinach, onion and cauliflower fritters with cranberry chutney) as starters. Both were lovely although I preferred the onion to the spinach. The chicken had a really good heat to it and the sauce that came with it complemented it perfectly.For mains we ordered the aubergine in peanut sauce and the lamb shank with a chickpea side dish cooked in tomatoes. The lamb was melt in the mouth with a really tasty sauce. The aubergine was delicious and the chickpeas a good accompaniment. The rice and naan breads were great too. We has a plain naan and a garlic naan. My plain one was so nice I could happily eat one on its own as a snack.All the staff were attentive and friendly. Chatting to us about the unusual beers they have and checking if we needed anything. Can't recommend this place enough. Lovely venue. Great staff. Stunning food.
Flavorful, large lunch at reasonable price. Currently the best Indian food I've ever had. Had the lamb lunch special. Highly recommended!
Beyond slow service. If this is something that would annoy you best to avoid this place.We weren't in any hurry so we worked through it. Good solid Indian food. Nice size portions. Super spicy vindaloo and delicious naan. Solid choice overall but nothing spectacular.
This restaurant's menu is creation of Peter Beck, Tamarind's former chef.  Aware of his effect at Tamarind, I was excited to experience Beck's spin on the cuisine at this Curry Hill restaurant in the heart of Gramercy.AMBIANCE: We had reservations for two people at 7:15pm on a Saturday evening.  We arrived at 7pm, and were seated immediately.  The restaurant is just one room with a small bar in the front.  I noticed that there wasn't loud music playing in the background; I could actually hold a conversation without screaming.  The tables were well-spaced apart from each other, so I wasn't actively listening in on my neighbor's conversation.  Hence, it's a good restaurant if you want to talk to your partner.PATRONS: A thoroughly mixed group of friends, families, dates.STARTERS: The complimentary rice papadum crisps are crispy and light.  We ordered two baskets of these since they weren't too carbalicious, which tricked us into eating more of these.  These crisps are served with three chutneys, none of which were spicy.  For appetizers, we had the naan paired with the Bihari Dal (lentils).ENTREES: J ordered the Bihari Gohst (lamb shank), which was, according to our waiter, the best item on the menu.  I ordered the Batak Uttapam (duck  breast), which was served on top of a portobello mushroom uttapam.  I really loved my dish.  It tasted like a gluten free pizza topped with slivers of duck breast.What I loved about the food was the beautiful presentation.  For example, my round uttapam was served in the middle of a rectangular plate.  The all-white wares could be interpreted as bland and unimaginative, but when they were served with the colorful dishes, it made the colors of the dishes stand out more.The best part?  The dishes come in large portions, which meant that we had delicious leftovers the next day!
Pippali is an excellent Indian restaurant with flavors complex enough to entertain the most snobby of foodies.  The meals tastes fresh and not greasy as other places I have eaten at.  If you're in NY and looking for outstanding Indian food then eat here and you will not be disappointed.
Fantastic Indian spot, beautiful flavors and meats and breads. The chicken tikka masala was fantastic as was the lamb ghosh.
Wow! What a deal for a huge and varied lunchtime-special thali. The dishes are not your standard Indian restaurant fare, and are so flavorful. You'll get a hard-to-find dose of your daily vegetables, too. A warning if you're a picky eater that there aren't a lot of choices with the thali; all the vegetable sides are what the chef is making that day. On my visit, people were having a hard time placing their orders, so I advise ordering right as your water is being poured.
I suddenly started hearing about Pippali's delicious food all over and had been experiencing an Indian food drought, so I jumped at the chance to offer it as a dinner option to one of my friends.  The restaurant had a refined, yet casual air about it.  The atmosphere was a cross between a white tablecloth bistro and a comfortable neighborhood spot.  We were seated at a small table for two, which thankfully had a good deal of space on either side of it.  Despite their interesting custom cocktails, I wanted something less sweet, so I ordered the Matua New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc, which was ripe with fruit flavor.  When our server came to take our food order, I asked if they had Peshwari Naan, which was not listed as a menu option.  He said that it was actually going to be added on their upcoming spring menu, so he would see if they could sneak me a taste at that point.  I was ecstatic when he returned to confirm that the kitchen was going to send out my favorite type of bread - a sweet version stuffed with dried fruit and nuts.  While I waited at the edge of my seat for this doughy goodness, we sampled a few appetizers.  First, the Roasted Beet and Carrot Patties (Anjeer Tikki) were shocking light and delicious.  The menu noted that they were stuffed with fig and mint, such an unusual combination that I had no idea what to picture.  I had assumed these would be some sort of fritter, but they were actually moist and chewy.  The majority of the flavor came from the beets, but the carrot and fig added the perfect balance of sweetness, while the mint cut the sugar.  Secondly, we tried the pan-grilled Tawa Scallops.  Sadly, these were the low point of the meal.  The scallops were acceptably cooked, but fishy and not the freshest.  However, the tangy tomato relish and curried avocado sauces that decorated the beautifully plated dish were complex and delicious.  Once the starter plates were cleared, I again got excited about the naan.  My excitement lasted and lasted, as the time between our two courses was rather lengthy...to the point where we commented about it to each other.  Finally, our two entrees arrived.  Their Duck specialty was a thick pancake topped with pepper crusted meat and grilled Portobello mushrooms.  The duck was perfectly cooked and only possessed the thinnest layer of fat.  Its spice level was sheer perfection.  In addition, the fluffy pancake expertly sopped up any jus on the plate.  The Grilled Salmon from the tandoori oven was also phenomenal.  The four large chunks had been marinated in ginger, garlic, basil, and other Indian spices.  A mayo-less slaw was added to the plate for substance.  A large bowl of rice accompanied the dishes, but was nothing spectacular.  Now, to get to the highlight of the meal...the best Peshwari Naan that I had EVER had!  The bread was doughy and moist, and the filling was light-hearted and sweet, potentially even made with fresh fruit rather than dried.  I could not get enough of its delightful confectionery kiss.  I often have to prepare myself for an Indian dinner, as they tend to be heavy and filling.  However, when I left Pippali, I felt completely satisfied without being overloaded.  Each dish had been elegantly plated, and the portions were precise.  There were aromatic seasonings, but nothing was heavily drowning in sauce.  I  recommend Pippali for an upscale, dainty version of Indian cuisine...3.5*'s.
Delicious cocktails, good food. I would recommend. Ordered some chaat items, the Bikaneri paneer, and the Howzat drink.  My only complaint is that the naan wasn't too fresh.  The chaat and the paneer were very tasty and flavorful without the overpowering masala taste many Indian restaurants are guilty of.
Very good food and service. Drinks menu is a little weak that took away one star ... food is a winner and clear 5 star. Don't miss the Hari Mirch ka Chicken starter ... too juicy and tasty.
Amazing and tender food with heavenly flavor. Had the go to chicken tikka masala and it was easily the best I have ever had and I have been to many different Indian restaurants. We had the hari mursch and samosas as an appetizer. The hari mursch was so tender, juicy and flavorful. I would recommend everyone get it. Our entrees were the chicken tikka masala and Kashmiri mutsch. As I mentioned earlier, the chicken tikka masala was the best I ever had. The Kashmiri mutsch was so tender and flavorful lamb. The wine selection is not that large; however the Merlot was perfect with our meal and is on the fairly inexpensive side. We did not get dessert because we felt bad being we were the last two in the restaurant very late at night. That being said we were in no way rushed out of the restaurant. In fact we actually had a fairly long conversation with one of the employees in regards to how they make the food so tender and flavorful compared to other restaurants. The conversation turned out to be very insightful.This is my new favorite Indian restaurant and I have already recommended it to many of my friends.
Food and ambience was very good. I didn't enjoy the chicken masala too much but all else was very good. We had the lamb shanks, chicken curry and the quail and it was all very good. Service was very good as well.
This was long overdue and I will try(though a bit tough) to keep it short. I have been here numerous times although for lunch only and have been a fan of the food. This was almost 7-8 months ago and although from then the quality has been dwindling, I still feel that they can manage to get back the taste when they opened and hence keep going back. I talk to the owner Mr. Pradeep whenever he is around. He says he was one of the first restaurant owner on the Indian block of Lex Ave. He is warm and welcoming person. He mentioned that he transformed the earlier veg restaurant to a full-stocked veg+non-veg restaurant when he got hold of the chef from the upscale Indian dining place called Tamarind. I like the the Chicken Tandoori served with bread, rice, salad. In the early days it used to taste much better, the salad which tasted fresh and nice has also tanked. The other favorites are their veg and non-veg thalis. Good portions and good flavor. The Kebab platter is pretty good too although at 15 bucks and given the size, I usually stray away from it as I want a filling lunch. Stay away from the Biryanis. The Indian Masala tea is also a flop. Verdict - A solid Indian restaurant place with a MUST visit atleast once. I wanna come here for dinner as the dinner menu looks great. I hope the quality doesn't  go on the downhill(been observing its on a downhill these days).
I recently went to Pippali for dinner and was a little underwhelmed by the experience. First of all, the prices were much higher than I was expecting (the prices are almost double what they are on the menu posted here on Yelp). Although the food was good, I did not really feel that it was anything special. I have had better Indian food for much cheaper prices. The restaurant itself was nice and the food was tasty, just not remarkable to me.
Dissappointed.  Don't judge a book by it's cover.  The venue had a wait of a lot of people and the place seemed buzzing but the food was mediocre at best.Venue (4/5) the venue was warm and cozy.  The place would be good for all types of clientele: dates, groups (small/large).  Food: overall (2/5)Murch tikka masala (3/5) aka chicken tikka masala.  Good but nothing worth coming back for.  Bhuni gobi (1/5) not edible.  I love spicy and can eat pepper chilies straight.  But this was pretty equivalent to that, without anything to eat with it.Service: (1/5) my friend and I ordered the food and drank water.  The disgust on the waiters face because of no alcohol purchases was obvious.
All too many Indian restaurants serve the same fare -- good but routine. Pippali takes it up a notch or more with unusual flavors (try the beet appetizer!) and high quality. The duck cooked in a tandori and fish were delicious, lamb was tender and flavorful -- and shellfish accompanied a crispy dosa. The atmosphere is friendly and relaxed,  and the price seems on the low side for generous (but not ridiculous) portions, and such high quality ingredients so carefully prepared.
Orderd via MealPass. The food was GREAT! I got a chicken masala box. The service was really great! The owner was super attentive and friendly. I would highly recommend and re-order from this place. Great Location too, in Gramercy.
Came here for a business lunch. It's really an amazing deal for what you get. Veg friendly, nice ambiance, great price! They accommodated my low spice request too-that doesn't always happen.Full bar for dinner which is good to know.I'll be back with my husband for sure!!
Loved visiting Pippali for my first Indian restaurant experience in NYC!Favorites were the samosas appetizer, naan bread, and tikka masala! We also ordered the quail dish which had a great spicy marinade, but was difficult/messy to eat due to the fact that it came on the bone. I think I'll skip the quail next time!I'd love to come back to try some other dishes. The menu was quite extensive and varied, and prices were reasonable.
This is my favorite place for Indian food. Love their Thali lunch special! The chicken tikka masala is great, as well as the fish curry. Love their Indian cheese cake.The first time I tried Indian food at a random restaurant in midtown I didn't like it, but this place blowed my mind, I get addicted to Indian food!
Innovative appetisers, great texturesI admit, I've not been to a non-buffet style Indian restaurant before Pippali. For appetisers, I tried the Anjeer Tikki (mashed beet and carrot patties stuffed with fig and mint) as well as the Thalipeeth Twist (Tapioca and nut pancaked punjabi kadi). These tasted very good and had a nice texture to match. Anyone looking for an exotic taste would not be disappointed with the appetisers here if this is representative of the appetiser choice.
Great Indian food with amazing service. I'd defiantly recommend it to anyone, even if you are sensitive to spices, it's fairly balanced. We'll return.
The food was literally better than any other Indian food I've eaten in both India and in New York.  Service is outstanding, cocktails delicious, and the atmosphere is private.  I love it.It's so good I don't even want to write a review about it.
My family came to Pippali after a few of us went there for work before.This time, we brought relatives who don't consume any garlic. We've been to many other Indian restaurants with these relatives, and all have been more than happy to accommodate this dietary restriction. So we requested the waiter to let us know some appetizers and main courses that could be made garlic free. Without even asking the chef, he says every menu item has garlic on it. We called another man who seemed in charge and he, too, said nothing can be made without garlic because it is a Punjabi style restaurant. We requested kindly for him to ask the chef, and then he started being rude. He even dared to say, "Mujhe tang kyun kar rahe ho?" meaning "Why are you being so bothersome?" Who treats customers in this manner? He eventually "asked" the chef and came back to say 2 or 3 dishes that were garlic-free. We ordered food without making a scene and lo and behold the majority of the curries, thali items, and appetizers (samosas, pakoras) didn't have a trace of garlic. We were so displeased with the amount of disrespect. Food was great, it's a shame the staff was extremely rude.
TERRIBLE DELIVERY SERVICE- I ordered food over 2 hours ago and as I'm typing this review it still has not arrived. I've called 3 times and each time they tell me its 5 minutes away. Don't bother wasting your time.
With the possible exception of the pricey Junoon, this is definitely my favorite spot for Indian food in New York (so far). Located in Curry Hill, because it's Indian food so why wouldn't it be (seriously, if you live around 27th and Lexington and don't like Indian food, you are totally screwed), this little haunt churns out some seriously amazing cuisine. We stopped in without a reservation at around 10 on a Wednesday evening, and although the place was fairly busy, we were seated almost immediately. The atmosphere was fairly casual and the crowd was lively. We weren't overly hungry, so we shared an appetizer, an entrée, and an order of naan. Our server had lots of recommendations and was obviously was fond of the dishes himself. Based on his suggestions we ordered: -Anjeeri Tikki: Roasted beet and carrot patties stuffed with fig and mint.-Bihari Gohst: Marinated lamb shanks braised in onion, tomato and whole spices, served with jasmine rice-Garlic NanThe Anjeeri tikki was a totally new dish to me. It sounded a tad adventurous, but it was a surprisingly piquant combo of veggies and spices. The Bihari Gohst wasn't spicy at all but boasted such a flavorful, smoky sauce and tender lamb. The garlic nan was incredible.I also had a cocktail. The name escapes me, but it included vodka, lychee juice, and some other stuff. It came out super pink and looked like the girliest drink imaginable, but it was actually pretty strong, too. Mostly just tasted like a lychee martini, which was fine with me. This place is all about the food, anyway.
I had wanted lasuni gobi but they didn't have it so we started with the bhajiya.   Not really what I wanted, all that fried food, but  it was delicious and plentiful.  My friend had the tikka masala and I had the lamb vindaloo.   The color of my vindaloo was a little scary--like radioactive red--but it was very tasty and not too spicy.  I always find it hard to talk about spice level because it's so subjective, and the waiter warned me it'd be hot, but I'm glad I didn't listen and get intimidated because it wasn't too hot at all.   Regular and garlic naan.  Everything was delicious.   The reisling is v-e-r-y sweet but the sauv blanc was fine.Super friendly service.   The waiter came over while my friend used the restroom and chatted me up so I wasn't lonely.  It was sweet :)I will definitely be back.
Well prepared dishes ... Traditional foods w a  slight twist ... Friendly staff and Nice atmosphere ... With so many Indian restaurants to try its hard to say if I would go out of my way to get here but I would definitely recommend it ..
They offer delicious, local, and traditional India food!! And I have to emphasis that the waiters there offer great service friendly! The only thing bad thing there is I ate too much... By the way, there is a Asia Restaurant Special in whole June, I suggest that u come here as soon as possible haha
Food was decent, but nothing earth shattering in terms of an Indian restaurant. We had a very rude waiter who told us we were taking too long even though he forgot to bring us our initial drink orders. But it was not a bad meal and my group of friends had a nice time. I probably wouldn't return with all the other good Indian options around in the city.
The lunch special here is AWESOME! Even the little salad was fresh and delicious. It was moderately priced and huge portions- enough for two meals. I had the Chana masala, daal, rice, raita, naan, saag, and something with paneer/peas and a cauliflower dish. The only complaint I have is that the saag was lacking flavor. Everything else made up for it though!! Very excited to come back here or try it for delivery.
Pippali is an Indian restaurant with a homestyle (Thali) serving, mainly catering to working class people during lunch hour. Pippali has some really good options for both veg and non-veg thali. We had veg thali and it was delicious and filling. I enjoyed all the different contents of this thali, which is very rare because most restaurants put something that noone liked yesterday. Well, they dont have bad options only delicious ones. They were remarkably quick in their service. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a quick and complete indian meal in the flatiron district.
neighborhood Indian restaurant.  not too many kinds of curry selection.  the portion is huge, so please be careful how many dishes you order.  good for families and groups.  the Gobi did not taste real spices; it tasted like ketchup.  the staff was nice and friendly.  it was packed when wevleft.  I guess the pricing is average for a New York ethnic restaurant.
Food taste and quality is excellentReasonable pricesGood portionsGood varietyDecent ambianceNice locationKeep up the good work guys. This place is better than most of the other Indian restaurants close by.
We came to this place for lunch because we were craving some authentic Indian food. This place is right up the street from my house and we decided to come here based on the great yelp reviews. It's a tiny quaint restaurant but the food was so delicious. And for the price it's totally worth it you get a good amount of quality authentic Indian food. I'll definitely be going back there.  The service was also great and everyone it was extremely friendly.
Excellent food. The vegetarian rice dish was ok. We'd return for sure.We highly recommend the Chilean sea bass and the tandoori chicken. The garlic nan was vey good.
Highly recommend this soon to be discovered by everyone gem. The chef is world renowned, former chef of Tamarind and Benares. The menu has out of the ordinary fish/seafood dishes which all sound delicious.Went for lunch the other day and tried the seafood thali. Portions were generous, everything was seasoned perfectly, naan with crisp yet soft, service was good and the price was respectable. Looking forward to another food coma inducing lunch trip. Or maybe dinner next time!BTW - love how this place is decorated. I need to know where the oval mirrors are from. If someone finds out, please do tell.
This was a pleasant surprise. We wanted to have indian so ended up going in this area... Lots of small indian restaurants around... We were 6 plus a baby Quickly got a spot. Place is not too fancy but nice and clean. And then came the food. Every thing was great. Biryani, kebabs and seekh kebab were really good. Well cooked soft and very good flavor. The host was quite hospitable. Staff was nice. I would go back for the lamb curry and biryani.
The food can be a bit greasy but it's very authentic.  I think this is probably the best mid-price Indian restaurant in Manhattan right now and I have eaten at almost all of them.  The restaurant ambiance is not fancy. Particularly good service and reasonably priced wine.
Didn't think much about this place, just needed a place for dinner that was somewhat close to the movie theater.  We found this place on Yelp, checked out the menu, called to find out if they had a table in about half hour, they said yes, so we were on our way.  Subway delays and all, we arrive more than our originally stated half an hour, but the host seated us immediately.  We informed them that we had called before, and he just nodded.It was surprisingly empty on a Sunday night.  There were two other parties there.  Only afterwards did we learn that this place has only been open for about two weeks.  The menu had lots of variety to cater to vegetarian and non vegetarian friends.  Papri Chat - forgot to tell them to make this one spicy.  Flavors were good, but I would recommend this dish spicy.Dum Bhindi - this was in the entree section, but we requested for them to make it a side and they happily agreed.Machli Salne - advertised as a brazzine, so we thought we were getting a whole fish.  It turns out to be fish curry.  Had I understood the Indian name I would have known, but the English translation was a bit off.  Nonetheless this was my favorite dish.Lagan Da Murgh - Stuffed Chicken.  I found the chicken to be a bit dry.Paratha - they need to work on this one.  Not only did my paratha not have flakey layers, it was thick and heavy like Nann.Overall, this place seems to serve up good food and I hope they do well.  I would come back.
Delicious and fantastic value on the lunch specials.  I'm a huge fan of variety and the lunch special comes out on a stainless steel serving platter with 8 smaller containers arranged in a circle with your rice, protein, 2 vegetable sides, lentil soup, salad, yogurt sauce and dessert.  Every component was really yummy and the flavors were very well balanced!
Unfortunately, the only association I have with Pippali now is the downright MANIC Friday night environment that left a stronger taste in my mouth than even the Vindaloo dish I ordered. The food is pretty tasty, but the service and ambience leaves a LOT to be desired.*** THE BAD ***Despite making a reservation, we had to wait upwards of 25 minutes until our table was actually available. This is definitely a pet-peeve of mine; I make reservations for a reason! We were each given a complimentary glass of Rosé, but I probably needed 2 or 3 to take my mind off the Manager who was visibly overwhelmed and yelling/barking orders at staff members in English and foreign languages. It was uncomfortable to witness.For dinner, my colleague ordered Chicken Tikka, Naan, and Dal, but since the Chicken Tikka is listed as an appetizer on the menu, it came first with no accompaniments. So we sat with it hoping the rest of her food would soon come, but all that came was a server asking us what was wrong and hovered over us until we started eating.*** THE GOOD ***I ordered Batair Vindaloo (quail), and it was firey spicy just like I wanted! It was the only saving grace to the evening.
This is not only the best Indian I've had in NYC But as an Englishman I must say it was one of the best Indians I've had non stop... A definite visit if you fancy a ruby!!
I read about the recent opening of this new Indian restaurant in Time Out NY. The magazine featured a promising article about the restaurant as well as a picture of delicious looking scallops. I was intrigued! I've never seen scallops on an Indian menu before.So...we went and checked out Pippali this week. It is an elegant looking space, with low lighting and a VERY friendly staff. It was quiet because not many people were eating dinner there but I hope that this will soon change.We ordered the samosas and Tawa scallops to start. Both were tasty although the menu listed the scallops as being topped with "tomato relish and curried avocado," which essentially was salsa. Not quite as exciting as I had imagined from the Time Out review, but still, the scallops were fresh and perfectly cooked.For entrees, we ordered Jaipuri Kofta (chickpea, spinach, green pumpkin dumplings in garlic masala sauce) and Bakra (slow cooked goat in Marsala curry sauce). The Jaipuri Kofta was in a delicious sauce, which was complimented nicely by the sweet pumpkin flavor of the dumplings. The goat was excellent and fell right off the bones. It was a very rich dish but delicious. Overall, this was a lovely winter meal. The dishes were served with white rice and we ordered nan on the side - they accommodated our request and made our garlic nan spicy by adding chili pepper flakes, which was fantastic.We would recommend this restaurant to anyone - it is more refined/upscale than your typical, neighborhood Indian restaurant but the prices were very affordable and we enjoyed ourselves!
It's pretty surprising that I am giving this establishment this low of a rating.  My wife and I actually had a great experience in restaurant a few weeks ago that would warrant a solid 4 stars. However tonight (a Tuesday) we placed an order for delivery that arrived over an hour and a half late! No apologies, explanation, discount, or any form of customer service recovery. The naan and samosas were obviously cold by then. Not the best $60 spent. Disappointing.
...What's the hype? I've had better indian food at a random indian restaurant in Long Island.I am giving them one star because of their poor service and decent whatever food. I can see why some people gave them good ratings though. I felt like the staffs were giving extra good service to certain tables while just letting themselves fail at paying attention to the rest. Those people who never really had good indian food and got good service here probably think that this place is nice. But that wasn't the case for us.We ordered a few dishes but it took forever to bring them out and when they did, they brought out one wrong dish and had to take it back. I didn't get how that happened cause we saw the waiter writing down what we ordered. According to the manager, there was a confusion in the kitchen.. or something.. the end.Anyway, after we got our food, my brother finished eating first so the waiter took his dish away and I was still eating. When the waiter asked me if I was done, I said no. It was obvious cause I still had food on my plate. But he tried to take it away even when my brother told him 'no' twice. The waiter finally understood and put the dish down. And walked away without saying sorry or anything. Very rude. It's very annoying when someone takes away your dish when you're still chewing. Wth... sighThe manager didn't seem to care. Whenever there were problems, he stepped in to say excuses like, oh they took different order by accident blah blah.. And didn't apologize or even show effort to make things better. So yea they actually ruined the night cause my brother was pissed off that he had to pay for this bad service and food. Never going back and not really recommend it to anyone. You can seriously just try to cook indian food at home and it will taste better than this place.
I'm a fan who will definitely be back! Food was delicious and fresh, service and staff were amiable, gracious and attentive, and atmosphere was relaxing and cozy. This place is perfect for those traveling solo to friends reuniting after a several months apart to those family dinners when parents or siblings come visit you in the big apple. Though the prices may lean towards the pricier side, the portions more than make up for the mini hole you put in your wallet after your meal!Unfortunately, I didn't try any of their drinks (which I will next time) but my friend and I ordered a side of garlic nan and two entrees: bihari gohst and hydrabadi tahiri. And I must say that the many flavors sparked fireworks in my mouth, the meat was extremely tender and juicy I practically forgot the horrors of dry meat (the lamb shanks fell apart as soon as I poked the meat!), and the vegetables topping the dishes paired magnificently with the spices. What more can I say than "you gotta try this yourself!"As I said in the beginning...I will be back!
New to Curry Hill, Pippali could quite possibly one of my new favorite Indian joints.  Last Tuesday I had dinner here with 3 friends and the place was packed!!  For appetizers we split beat/carrot patties and a lamb dish (which had mint and yogurt).  I really loved both.  For mains, my favorites were the chicken tandori and the lamb shank (which was so tender it fell right off the bone).  The service could have been better (I do not think they were prepared to serve such a large crowd), as our food took forever to arrive.  However, the staff was extremely nice and the ambiance was warn and friendly, so I will definitely be returning.
Good food v ordered fish machali salne which was good quantity and tasteChicken tikka was best. Will come back
Pippali is so incredible. We've tried so many different places and haven't found one that's even close. The food tastes amazing. Service is excellent. Atmosphere is great. In my opinion, this is the best Indian food restaurant in the city.
I ordered the Bihari Gohst (marinated lamb shanks braised in onion, tomato and whole spices) after explaining to the waiter that I was avoiding gluten and dairy. He had the manager come over and show me the entrees that excluded both. He also clarified that the chips on our table were made from lentils. I proceeded to snack on them without a worry. The Bihari came out like a stew - it was bursting with flavor and spice, a bit too spicy for me, but the lamb was so tender and the sauce was that good. My mouth suffered but my belly was satisfied.
Had the worst food poisoning that took me out of work for 2 days. The chicken tikka was the cause.
