Very good! All you can eat weekend buffet for $14.95! Has fresh lettuce, tomatoes and beets and 6 vegetarian dishes (3 vegan). Very good and good service. It was a little spicy so if you don't like spice there are few options.
Went out for dinner here a few nights ago, and overall it was a mediocre experience. The food was ok, I ordered a vegetable korma and vegetarian appetizer platter. The korma was bland and underwhelming, and the appetizer platter lacked variety. Additionally, the prices on the menu were standard for the area. However, my favorite thing about this location was the service and wait staff. The restaurant has very nice decor, and the wait staff is very, very attentive and kind. My water glass was always full, and they even served my food in front of me. The table was kept clean, while I was eating, and the waiter reminded me of the free naan bread included in the yelp deal. A++ for wonderful servers.
Had the buffet lunch at Darbar last Sunday...overall it was a bit underwhelming.Service wasn't very friendly but the servers moved the used buffet plates rapidly so I can't really complain.Ambiance is nice enough, nothing to write home about. The restaurant was fairly busy on a Sunday afternoon.Food is where Darbar falters. While there are lots of options on the buffet, especially for meat eaters, the quality isn't nearly as good as nearby Chola. Price is very reasonable at $15 or so per person.Overall we do prefer Chola and will likely go there instead when we need our naan fix.
Lunch buffet  it was ok, nothing outstanding. Tandoori chicken average, chicken tikka masala was slightly below average, goat was pretty good, naan was good. All else was so-so. Service was meh. Tables crowded with local middle management types lunching between meetings. Reminded me a a TGIF Friday's, only Indian.
Excellent! I was there with my bro and friend visiting on my brothers' proclamations of having the best butter chicken in the City. Not only did they have the best butter chicken but may be the best mango lassi I've had. I'm looking forward to trying their other dishes on subsequent visits.
This was my first time and I am happy to report that I will absolutely be back! The food is excellent- tasty and flavorful. The papads were yummy. And that was the beginning- my cocktail - French martini was amazing. The menu had a lot of variety. And finally the service was excellent!
We have been on the HUNT for Indian food and we came across Darbar actually based on Yelp. It was Fantastic. There were tons of options and the food was pretty tasty if a little on the spicy side. I got chicken korma and my boyfriend got the garlic shrimp. The shrimp dish was hot hot hot. Next time we know to order mild. I loved the pillowy texture of the naan. Service was super attentive. Peter was very knowledgeable on the menu and made us comfortable. I know we will be back. **update. We ordered delivery from Darbar on a Monday night. Usually I am suspicious of delivery after getting burned by cold food, inaccurate deliver times, and crap portions (I'm looking at you Chinese place that shall not be named). Darbar exceeded expectations-- the food was hot, the portions were huge, and delivery was timely. This could turn out to be a regular deliver place. The hunt for Indian might be over as this place delivers. Both in person and actual delivery. . Also the man I gave the order to over the phone was exceedingly nice. Keep up the good work!
Love to eat here! Cozy downstairs tables, excellent food. The man is to die for! All the tandoori is delicious every time, vegetables are authentic and yummy. Good selection of wine also.  First time I ever had kulfi was here and no matter where else I try it, it's not as good, so you should try it for dessert.
Do you enjoy eating an unlimited amount of food? Check. Do you enjoy slightly spicy food? Check.Do you enjoy rice and meats? Check.Do you like reasonably priced food? Check.Darbar Grill has the most amazing lunch buffet ever. Its about $13.95 if I am not mistaken, and the food is excellent. There is even white table cloth on the table, which makes you feel more "high class".There is a chef who makes you dhosas from scratch at the lunch buffet. He feels it with potatoes. Its absolutely delicious- you must order one! They also have plain rice which you can top with tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, fish curry, dhal and saag (the gooey spinach mixture).Everything was so good! They even had desert, which I did not eat as I was too full. I can't wait to come back for a cheap and delicious lunch!
Folks were right about this place.Personally this is my second favorite Indian lunch buffet joint in NYC right behind Chola.  The food here is tasty, the spread is fairly generous (albeit not as comprehensive as what you get at Chola) and the staff is really friendly.  I also like the ambiance of the place.  I was a big fan of the tandoori chicken and chicken tikka masala.  While those aren't exactly the most awe-inspiring dishes for some, I like my food simple.  The curry in the latter was tasty and perfect for dipping my naan.  The price was reasonable and the place did get relatively good traffic for a Sunday lunch.I was glad I checked the place out - now I have another option in addition to Chola when I need to get my next Indian fix!
Great food, interesting use of whole spices, good value. I had goat Korea because I was told the goan sauce is very hot. Even the Korma had a little kick so I believe them!
Their lunch buffet is a great deal, authentic and delicious. I love the cozy atmosphere.
Went on a Monday night and it was quiet and perfect for a work dinner.   Staff were very friendly.   We had the gobi Manchurian cauliflower which tasted delicious, and almost nothing like Cauliflower.   It had a sweet and tangy coating on the outside.Then for the main meal I had garlic naan and their madras chicken curry.  The curry was good, but a little spicier than I expected. The flavor was also not quite as rich as I'm used to elsewhere. I might try something different next time, although there was absolutely nothing wrong with that dish.  The naan was soft and delicious.  I would definitely come back next time I'm in town.
Good Indian food. I like the lunch buffet they providePeople are nice. Location is clean.I don't really like the statue outside and we need to go down the stairs to enter.
Awesome and timeless consistency in their food preparation and taste!  Last time I was here besides today, it was over a year and they haven't skipped a beat!  Very well priced and a jewel in the rough!  Buffet is fresh and delish!!!  Go there!  You won't be disappointed by the warm welcome, service and price points!  Hey, you may even meet Gabriel H. at the bar who cares very much about the patronage!
This is what I'm talking about! I was introduced to this place by my bosses. They know my co worker and I are fans of Indian food. And we have also been known to partake in Indian food buffets. We went to this place at like 1:00pm. The place was huge and looked a lot nicer than I would expect from a buffet. When you walk in you are greeted with the man making fresh dosas filled with potatoes and peas. As you go through the buffet line you pick up a dosa. Then work your way around the spread. I spotted the chutney and I knew it needed more than a dollop. I love the refreshing flavor that chutney against the flavors of Indian food. Then there was all kinds of meats that I skipped. I was however, able to scoop a little bit of the fish curry. And then I was pointed into the vegetarian section. I couldn't believe how many options I had for vegetarian food. I packed my plate with paneer, lentils, eggplant, cauliflower and these little garbanzo looking things. As we sat at the table we got a warm plate of naan. We had water glasses filled at the table. The service was great. They kept the water full and would take empty plates as soon as they spotted them. I asked the waiter about the garbanzo looking things. They were reminiscent of little dumplings. My table couldn't figure it out either. My boss said it was "Flower" something. And I understood "Flour" and it was just a mystery. I asked the waiter, "do you know what this is?" and he was like "I DO know what that is". The dish is made of lotus flower seeds.  How interesting to go somewhere and eat something completely new. This dish is called "Phool Makhana"!I fully enjoyed my experience here. And was in a complete food coma. But my boss insisted that we must have the "Carrots". I was very hesitant to eat some shaved carrots as dessert. They were delicious and a great way to end the meal. They had a nice variety of desserts. And on your way out, I suggest you pick up some of the fennel seeds...you will need them to aid digestion.
By far my favorite place to order Indian takeout from in the city... and there are a lot to choose from. The food is always fresh, hot, and of course delicious. I'm a vegetarian and I ALWAYS get the Paneer Pasanda, but my boyfriend isn't and enjoys their Chef's Special Chicken Malai a lot as well. The only downside is that their dishes are a little pricey, but I usually get about 3 meals out of it for the amount of food that they give you, and the quality is worth it.
I've had Indian food before and this place was nothing special. The service was amazing, everyone was taking care of use making sure everything was explained and food came out in a timely manner. Unfortunately I didn't like the food. My go to food is usually chicken samosa and lamb vindaloo yet here I did not enjoy it. The samosa was very large and the inside was too dry for my taste. The chutney that I put on it didn't really add any flavor to the samosa.The vindaloo was spicy and flavorful but it worried me that it tasted like I was in an Italian restaurant eating spicy lamb meatballs instead of a traditional Indian dish.
They have a great lunch buffet in terms of diversity of items as well as the taste. I came during the huge Blizzard of 2016, and they were still open and remarkably full. The lunch buffet goes until 4pm! So that's perfect for those night owls who can't get up before noon on the weekends...In any case, the decor itself is nice. I guess the one annoying thing that happened was that when we arrived at 2:50pm during the blizzard, there was one other party there. We were told to sit anywhere we want. We chose a 4-person table at one corner with good lighting. Someone ran over and told us that we couldn't sit there. We asked why, and they said they had a reservation. We asked when. They said 2:50pm. I was going to get angry right there. It was obviously a lie. Who makes a reservation during a blizzard for an Indian buffet at 2:50pm??? In any case, we didn't escalate it and sat at a dark 4-person table. We later brought it up to the manager, and he apologized and said it should never have happened. The buffet itself was delicious. They had your standard chicken tikka masala as well as lamb and fish options. In addition, they had a vegetarian section with saag paneer (tasted different than others I've had...) and some kind of breaded veggie. In any case, all good. They also had a dessert bar with mango pudding and rice pudding. Very good. Overall, the price was also reasonable, at under $15.
The most amazing delicious Indian food.  I'm almost in tears from happiness.  Darbar Grill 55th btwn Lex and 3rd.  The tamarind sauce made me sweat from stressed out happiness.  The plain naan gave me heart palpitations.  The saag gave my body a flush of vitamins from fresh veggies.  DEFINITELY check out the dessert menu!
My husband and I have eaten here many times and have never been disappointed. We often bring out of town guests. Have been to Indian 5X so can attest that the cuisine is authentic and flavorful. Good sized portions, delicious naans. Buffet is best Indian in the City, wide variety with good vegetarian selections also. Clean, well spaced tables, set with linen cloths and napkins. Classy and cozy, dark wood and a lovely skylight. Attentive friendly service, never rushed. Middle aged crowd, so quiet and well mannered. Conveniently located near E train @ 53/Lex.
Amazing. We had the gobi naan, garlic and cheese naan, sagg paneer and chicken tandoori and it was honestly one of the best meals I've had. Highly recommend it to anyone in the area, is it worth a trek? It might be. Thought the prices were fair and we had so much food that we couldn't even finish. If you're really hungry then try getting your own dish, but sharing is cool too. Everything was so good and the service was so great. Everyone was so helpful and nice.
Best lunch buffet for indian restaurant! Great drinks and amazing service!
I could not have had a better experience than I did tonight. Service was perfect and the food was better.Love the kingfisher beer and everything I had. We asked the waiter for recommendations and he scored on all counts.I will be back many times!!
Great food. Clean. Good quality. Dessert is good. But can't do 5 stars cause not Jackson heights. Would go again though.
What can I say, I love Indian food. It's like fireworks going off in your mouth with a rainbow of flavors! Great authentic Indian food. The lunch buffet was only $14 for all you can eat. Great atmosphere and service
[This review is only for the daily buffet]Great food. Great service. Very nice location (it doesn't feel "all you can eat.")Highly recommend this place.  Been there a few times in the last couple of years and I feel like the food keeps getting better and better.By the way i Highly recommend the Goat and the Mango Lacie....though you might not want to put both on the same place...or even eat them at the same time.....you know what i mean.
Top notch Indian food with fancy decor (white tablecloth and everything). I come here once every couple of months for their lunch buffet on a weekday and it never disappoints. They have your usual basmatic rice, chicken tikka masala, lamb, etc. The food is always consistent and the chicken is always juicy and well flavored without being too spicy. I'm also a fan of their mango lassi ($6). Another plus is that they have dessert included in their lunch buffet. Desserts normally include mango pudding, rice pudding, and watermelons. One negative is the Saturday lunch buffet. They definitely scaled back on the selection of food during the weekend. There are items they have on the weekdays that were missing on the weekend. I would not return for Saturday. Tips: Bathrooms are on the second floor. Total for two lunch buffet came to $50 (including tax, tips, and two mango lassis).
Darbar Grill is probably my 1 of 2 favorite Indian buffet places in Manhattan. As my brown friends have told me, if you want to go Indian, GO LUNCH BUFFET. You get a variety of flavour profiles, textures, meat vs veggies, etc. Here are the reasons Darbar remains one of my top 2 GO TO Indian places in Manhattan (I've been here 12+ times):(A) The flavors/spices aren't dulled. As one of my culinary friends recently said: you can TASTE the freshness of the spices. Doesn't mean the food is necessarily HOT spicy, just not dulled down by salt, sugar, fat, etc. (B) I guess the word that comes to mind is "excellent". A good number of the dishes are staple dishes, but they just manage to do it better than everyone else. (C) Nice variety of meat, veggie, etc. dishes(D) They bring out fresh naan (a sign of a good buffet)(E) Convenient location, friendly staff.(F) Exceptional food for reasonable price (Indian lunch buffet prices are all within that 10-15 dollar range, pre tax, pre tip)(G) More dessert choices than any buffet I've been.If you're in the east/mid 60s during mid day, go to Darbar Grill.
Its run to the mill. Nothing Spectacular. I had food delivered.
I have been here twice. I would come here again. The restaurant is more upscale than most Indian restaurants, without being too expensive. It looks classy from the moment you walk in. The staff was OK the first time, didn't explain the dishes so well and weren't able to confirm allergy concerns either. The second time I was here service was much better and more attentive, maybe because we were a bigger party - bigger tip. The enterior and decor feels very dark and I feel there needs to be more light in the restaurant. The portions are good and the presentation on the plate is well made. I've only had the chicken with mango here, so can't comment on any other dishes, however this dish was very tasty and my main impression was that everything tasted very fresh with the right amout of spices and only fresh mangos. The keema naan is also great and I like the drinks they have here. I would definately recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a more classy Indian dining experience.
Was not that impressed with the food here.  Rice was bland.  Had a standard Chicken Tikka Masala which tasted plastic.     Kheer was good.   It was also very cold in the restaurant.   Service staff seemed confused and tripped over themselves quite a bit.   Three people asked us for drinks.  I received two drinks (only ordered one).  It was a quiet night in the restaurant as well so this was not due to being hurried or busy.Full on Meh.
The lunch buffet is a must! For a humble $12.95 you can work towards your itis before the second half of your work day. Their selection of curry, goat, and desserts was plenty for an all-you-can eat deal, plus a generous helping of gnan. I'm not normally a spicy guy, but Darbar Grill did a great job of adding flavor and not overpowering the spice in their curry. As a self serve deal, the place was not overly crowded which was good for us who went back for seconds and thirds. I also enjoyed their dessert options which had delicacies reminiscent of Filipino food (mango pudding, rice pudding, and leche flan). Unfortunately I do not work in the area anymore to enjoy their awesome lunch buffet, but you can expect me here whenever I am craving Indian food in the city. Those in the Upper East Side area, GO!
Had a GREAT meal here! Super friendly owner waited on us and made fabulous suggestions. We LOVED the vegetarian house specialty of beet root dumplings in a delicious flavorful curry like sauce. The chicken dish was also excellent! We will be returning here on our next trip into the city! Highly recommended!
This place is worth writing home about. The food here was spectacular. Some of the best Indian food we've tried in the city, and we've had some in Curry Hill, Prospect Heights, and elsewhere. The service here was outstanding. And it's always a good sign to walk into an ethnic restaurant and see multiple families of that ethnicity dining and enjoying their time there. The free dessert via checking in with yelp was delicious! Some form of pistachio rice pudding. Take a friend!
I had aloo paratha and  saag paneer. Aloo paratha was very good but saag paneer was below average , probably was my wrong choice . If you drink Indian Shoola , that wine is available here.As appetizer , I opted to taste samosa and I hated that.
Great food, great service, great atmosphere.I've been here multiple times with my girlfriend because we were fed up with Indian food downtown in the 20s on Lexington.The atmosphere here is nice and quiet. It is a step above other places where people are quite loud so if you want to enjoy a peaceful quiet dinner, this is the place.The food is very good. The menu has the same dishes most Indian places have as well.I ordered the chicken tikka masala (you can't go wrong with that) and it was the best I've had! The garlic naan is also great.10/10
We came here at the end of their lunch buffet.  For a buffet the quality is pretty good and, after some reminders, they brought us plenty of fresh (although overly greasy) naan.  As others have mentioned, the chicken tikka masala was by far the best part of the meal.  The chicken was tender and the sauce was well spiced (but I'm white, so you have to take that with some salt).  The rest of the food ranged from pretty good to just ok.  Nothing horrible but not a lot of standouts either.  The service was also pretty lackluster, but I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that's because we came so close to the end of lunch.
Pretty good food and actually deserves 3.5 stars.  Started with veg samosas. Filling was tasty but the wrapper was way too doughy. Then had madras chicken, the house speciality, and the sauce was spicy and delicious.  Chicken was dry and tough which was disappointing. We ended up eating the sauce with rice and leaving the chicken. Saag chana was interesting.  Definitely well prepared and the saag was good however we just prefer paneer with it.  They did offer the paneer; we just thought we would try something different. Dessert was Ras Malai and it was good.
Horrible watered down excuse for Indian food and crappy service! 1 star is too much for this place!
Found thru Yelp while spending one night on Lex and 49thVery good food and excellent service. Must have filled my water a dozen times without me asking. Very informative and helpful while we asked questions on the menu. We asked that one entree ( mirch Bhuna) be substituted with white meat chicken and they did so w/o addl charge. Chicken tikka masala was great. Basmati rice was also great and is included with entree.  Best Indian food I've had, other than in Toronto, which I feel is the best. Highly recommend. Prices reasonable, especially for NYC. Enjoy!
Ok I went here a couple of days ago for the lunch buffet. The resturant is in the heart of NYC on 55th street. I walk in and sit.  The people say we can go and get stuff from the buffet. Then I go.I try many things.But what really caught my eye was the chicken tikki marsala. So good.The rice was good too.The naan was heaven. I dipped it in the chicken tikki marsala's sauce and it tasted amazing.For dessert I tried this Mango Mousse and I loved it! I think Ihad too much of it maybe.
Had to choose a place to have lunch with my girlfriend, her brother and his wife. It had to be inexpensive and in midtown. My girlfriend said that her brother would be OK with Indian provided there would be less spicy options. Read the reviews of Darbar and decided to give it a try.Absolutely no regrets. Everything was great and most dishes were very flavourful without being too hot. Starters comprised a nice selection of salad items, pickles and tandoori chicken and there were chicken, goat, fish and vegetable dishes for a main course. The waiters were attentive with copious refills of our water glasses and for those of us who still had room there were 4 or 5 dessert options - more than I am used to in other buffets. If I had to levy any criticisms we were not offered more nan, though I feel sure that it would have been forthcoming had we asked. Also it would have been nice if there had been some small dishes for the dall.The standard of the cuisine was high - really as good as it gets for a lunch buffet - and I would definitely go back.
Food 3Service 3.5Ambiance 3Things to note:1/ lunch buffet ~$142/ selection was varied enough but just seemed to lack flavor3/ dessert bar had variety but fell short on flavor4/ service was quite good in the rush to remove plates from your table but rarely refilled water...maybe they need plates constantly?For this price point, cant complain about the food.  I would pay a few dollars more for more flavors though.
Service wasn't bad but staff seemed to be in a bad/bored mood. Food here is really good.1) Garlic naan-- good2) Tandoori chicken-- so tender, really good3) Salmon tikka masala-- very good but the requested mild was super hot4) Eggplant bhartha-- very good5) Lemon rice-- very good6) Madras chicken-- good, very tender7) Samosa chat-- very good6) Mango ice cream-- okay
I don't like Indian food, but this place is starting to turn me.  Ordered 3 dishes for the group and tried them all and loved them all.  Best part was not getting sick afterwards from this Indian food.
Mediocre.  The food just didn't taste very good. I got the buffet.  There was plenty of variety, but it did not compare favorably to other Indian restaurants at which I have eaten.
Excellent Indian lunch buffet.  The variety and quality of the dishes was top notch. The ambiance and service were excellent as well.  I can't attest to the dinner, but this is probably my current first choice for Indian lunch in NYC.
4 star review because I haven't personally visited the establishment yet. Long story short I had to work a few late shifts for work  and I was jonseing for some Indian food. I browsed the local eateries on grubhub.com and found the Dabar Grill. My office is located on the West side of 50th street and the service was, prompt, hot and delicious.
Last night in the pretty but messy snowfall I decided to treat myself to dinner at my favorite Indian restaurant, luckily for me only a few blocks away from where I live. Greeted by the manager, kind yet ever discreet I again sat at the bar, comfortable nearly to sumptuous in the dark, intimate space, quiet without being imposing, cozy, for adults, and priced accordingly. Feeling fat, I ordered only the Boti Kabab appetizer, and my normal Grey Goose martini. The drinks here are poured well and large; did I have two, or maybe four? They were surprised I didn't have the expected Lamb Vindaloo, and even the charming chef Jon came out to shake my hand. After the fantastic mutton came out, juicy, succulent and spiced to DIE for I was blown away when when I was presented with a lamb vindaloo, compliments of the chef! As always, it was a paradigm of balance, perfect between lamb and potatoes, a hearty sauce not a soup, not thin nor caustically vinegary, nor outrageously spiced but ideal.   Darbar Grill is an oasis of civil and delicious dining Mid-Town East. It is a rare place that caters and takes care of its local upscale clientele, without neglecting New York's more adventurous tourists.    I cannot recommend Darbar more highly.
I never find myself in midtown east.  It's just not my stomping ground, but this particular weeknight, after an appointment, a friend and I found ourselves hungry and craving some Indian.  We arrived to a half packed restaurant, that got busier as the meal progressed.  The environment has a dark wood, white linens atmosphere that is reminiscent of a steakhouse.  Bar in the front, tables in the back, skylight in the main dining room, and it looks like a private room on the second floor.We had the onion naan, chicken tandoori, and chickpea saagwala.  All with some vino, of course.  Each well prepared dish was tasty, plentiful and seasoned nicely.  The servings are a nice size and the staff was attentive without being overbearing.  While I probably wouldn't cross the ford from Brooklyn to go again, if I find myself in midtown craving some good Indian, this is tops on the list.  Decent happy hour too, with free fried app of some sort (prob samosas) at the bar.
The atmosphere: a quieter restaurant, which is perfect for couples or people who want some peace during a meal :)The food: fantastic! Loved the chicken dish as well as the lamb dish. The sauces served at the beginning were also quite tastyThe service: prompt and professionalI'd definitely come back!
I really enjoyed my experience here. The food was very delicious. The naan bread had an amazing buttery taste. We also ordered masala and lamb. The small a was a perfect combination of spicy and savory. All in all, it was a really enjoyable evening.
I was looking for a restaurant on open table and so glad that I picked garbar. Came here with my friend and her boyfriend visiting me from Paris. All three of us were absolutely happy with the food, service and ambiance. Also the prices are very reasonable for this area.Our waiter was very attentive and friendly and made us feel very comfortable. We sat there for almost 3 hours chatting and they kept coming with the water and at the end even gave us a free desert! Very nice gesture.Really liked the food and the service would definitely come back.
The service here was great! As a group of about 20 give or take, we usually find ourselves dealing with rude and impatient waiters. This was not the case here! Everyone was so friendly and let us take our time ordering. They got all the orders right and they were so quick! The food was great. We had a great time here.
This is a review only for the lunch buffet. As far as Indian buffets go, this is the best place I've ever been.I love the various cold salads that are part of the spread. I don't know how authentic beet salads are when it comes to Indian fare, but it was delicious. Other salad options include corn and cabbage. Since I'm a vegetarian, I can't speak for the meat dishes, but I didn't feel deprived with the salads and the five or so hot vegetarian dishes. My favorite of the hot buffet dishes was the paneer makhani, although it and the vegetable korma and dal seemed a little watery. They were all flavorful, but their consistencies could have been creamier. I also like that the servers bring hot, fresh naan to the table instead of just leaving it on the buffet table where it could get cold and tough.The dessert selections are good, too. Sadly they didn't have gulab jamun the day I came (my dining partner, a repeat customer, says that's his favorite dessert in the buffet) but I am always a sucker for flan/custards. There was also a mango mousse, cubed watermelon, and rice pudding.Come around 11:30 and the food is at its freshest, and you won't have to wait in line to load up your plate.
Ordered from them through seamless. Great food and large portions! Will definitely be back :)
Nice Indian restaurant in midtown.  I enjoy their food and decor.  Decent place that you can bring your date since it is soooo dark in there.I will recommend that you def need to order garlic naan there.  It could be a lil greasy for some people, but hey, all bad food tastes awesome, right?!  I also recommend Chicken or Lamb Masala if you can take some spicy into your stomach.  Decent service overall.  The only reason that I wouldnt give 5 stars is because the price.  I usually go there with a coupon, but the price is still steep though you shouldnt expect dirt cheap food in Midtown.
Came here several times for their lunch buffet with my previous boss. The buffet line has a pretty good variety of food, the interior of the restaurant is fine, the restaurant itself is clean, service was OK since it's a self-serve buffet, the food is OK. My lunches were free since my boss paid for it so I got nothing to complain, really. I just had better Indian food elsewhere.Moving on...
I ordered from here today, I'm always very hesitant to order Indian food for delivery, I've had bad experiences in the past. However, the meal was simply delicious, big portion for a lunch deal, I also got a soup and an appetizer, couldn't finish even half of it, will be eating this all day lol very good food, recommend, and if you're looking for take out, the food came pretty fast and warm :)
The service was excellent, food was really good.  When I went the restaraunt was a bit empty though, the experience may be different on the weekend.
Came in for lunch with bunch of co-workers, turned out great buffet pre-fix and even desert. Every time was great and fresh.
Lunch buffet $12, looked like a good variety but I ordered off the regular menu.The food is all pretty good but the service is lacking in so many ways:1. there's a lunch rush and the hostess seemed very scatterbrain and didn't even bother to greet you to tell you there was a wait2. after being seated at our table, I had to ask for the menus after servers walked passed our tables a few times...3. server spills water all over our dips for the veg. samosas we ordered. no apology, no replacement dips, nothing...what?4. food comes out extremely slow5. i requested extra rice, never cameMaybe I'm too harsh but if you call yourself a 'fine dining indian restaurant', some of the above shouldn't happen (as a matter of fact, fine dining or not, it shouldn't happen).Food came out to be around $40 for two people: vegetable samosas, chicken tikki masala with rice, garlic naan and a coke.Bottom line:Yes the food is good but would I come back here again? No, I can find the same quality of Indian food with better service elsewhere.Food: 7Decor: 6.5Service: 4*ratings out of 10
Try the paneer makhani (cheese cubes in a tomato-based sauce): So delicious! The garlic naan bread was just as good. We found Darbar on Yelp and were very happy with the discovery. I would definitely go back.
Definitely where the most underrated Indian restaurants in the city. I often visit for the lunch buffet and the food is consistently good. I also ordered dinner there multiple times and the food is just as good as lunch. Their chicken biryani is among some of the best I've had and everything is reasonably priced. Definitely recommended.
I decided to visit for lunch with some colleagues. They have an amazing all you can eat buffet for $13 per person. You really can't go wrong. They have plenty of options and everything was delicious.The place was packed, although my party of 3 didn't have to wait for a table and it was 12:30. The staff are fast and clear the plates quickly so that the table doesn't get cluttered.The food was phenomenal, and you cannot beat that price for midtown Manhattan. I tried everything, including my favorite chicken tikka masala. I will definitely be back for another lunch break.
When Darbar Grill calls something a house specialty, GO FOR IT. My friends and I ordered four of the vegetarian dishes to share and the two house specialties were the most delicious (and unique) that we got. The beet dumplings (they look like meatballs) come in the most delectable sauce, kind of sweet but not beet-like at all. In fact, I asked to take the leftover sauce home even though we finished the dumplings, and I thoroughly enjoyed it on top of rice for lunch the next day!The eggplant dish is a puree that packs a punch. It is the right kind of acidic, and it goes great with some naan.They have a solid chole (reminds me of chana masala) and vegetable korma as well, but those don't require the same description because hopefully everyone knows what those taste like. The ambiance was much nicer than many Indian places-- a lot of them cater more to take-out customers and don't have much dine-in appeal but Darbar is very classy.The service was excellent and they even brought out a rice pudding on the house for us to share. We were very pleased with the whole night, and my brother from out of town wants to come back next time he is in NYC! It was definitely worth the trip across town.
Don't get take out. 90 yes 90 minutes after we order on seamless and get email that order is on the way, nothing. We have to call, they  apologize., no food. There are at least 20 Indian restaurants in this hood. Never ever again.
It was ok.  I went for the lunch buffet.  good variation of options.  But the palek paneer was gross!  The worst I have ever tasted.  It tasted like old spinach and the cheese tasted like it had gone bad.  The naan was the best part of the meal.  I only had a plateful so I don't think it was worth the whole buffet part.  Service was weird.  I felt like they wanted us out asap and kept clearing our plates before we were done.  At one point the waiter hovered while I ate my last spoonful.
I was in town for a work trip and decided to try Darbar from the Yelp reviews.  For 1 person their dinner entrees give you a huge portion of food.  I had the spinach paneer entree and it was phenomenal.  I love going for Indian food and this is my go-to entree always.  This was definitely the best saag paneer that I've had in ages with the right amount of garlic and lots of paneer.  I will be going back next time I'm in town and will definitely be splitting this entree.
I've never in my life written a review before--that's how bad my experience here was. The good:- I guess the utensils were clean? Now that I think about it, they weren't. I'll get back to you. The bad:- Forgot to put the mango in our mango lassi...acted as though we were a burden when we mentioned this to the waiter- Put about 9,000mg of salt in our biryani. When we pointed this out, our waiter said to "put some raaita on it" (which of course was another $4)- We really, really gave it a good faith effort, but upon concluding that the dishes were inedible due to salt overload, we notified the manager and he brought out "new" dishes after about 30 min and 47 dramatic eye rolls - Meanwhile, overheard at the table next to us: "are you guys killing the cow back there? It's been an hour"- At the end of all of this, of course we were still charged for the botched mango lassis and biryani--and you know what, that's fine, we ate some (like, 1/15th) of them, whatever. BUT THEN THESE GUYS TOOK THE LIBERTY OF TIPPING THEMSELVES!!!! Are you forreal? Is this real life??!  Is there a way to do a negative tip??? I just had an aneurysm. Please, for the love of God, don't eat here. If you've read this far, you care about the quality of your food and the quality of your service. You deserve better. These guys do not deserve to be a restaurant in New York City. Just say no.
Great for groups!  This is one of those few occasions I will give a 4 star review to a place with mediocre food because the service and experience were that great.  Don't get me wrong...the food was good / okay just really average in terms of Indian, definitely nothing amazing and lacking in spice / flavor.Came here last night for a friend's birthday dinner for a party of 30 so we had the entire upstairs area and everything went so smoothly.  People came in at different times from about 8:30 - 9:00 and the waiter never seemed impatient and began to continuously fill our waters from the time we arrived.  He was also extremely friendly and accommodating to our odd requests (ex: it was a surprise party so we asked him to turn off the lights when we thought the birthday boy would arrive and sat in the dark for like 10 - 15 min lol). Throughout the meal, service was amazing as well.  No order was messed up, drink orders placed at random throughout the meal were received in a timely manner and to the right person, our waters were always full, and the waiters were friendly and had a smile the entire time.  Definitely the best service I've ever encountered for such a big group.Only above average item was the garlic an cheese naan which was unique from anything I've ever seen at an Indian restaurant (and I frequent them every weekend) but definitely not authentic.
Just ordered their lunch special. It was a ton of food for under $10 and the quality was excellent. It tasted great and it was ready in no time. Just fyi, you can't really order it online because they vary the menu options from what is posted. You have to call ahead to select which options you want. And the lunch comes with naan, so you don't have to order it separately.
eggplant with cashew, chicken vindaloo, and butter chicken. Also for those interested, meat is halal (although they do serve alcohol). really enjoyed the eggplant, the chicken dishes were just ok. meticulous service - our water glasses were never empty, the rice was served into our plates, and the place settings were detailed. The restaurant itself was nicely decorated. Overall, food was good, but not memorable, the service outstanding.
This Darbar is better than the one on 46th street. I went to both locations only for lunch buffet but I think 55th street location has more selection of curries (fresher and spicier), better salads and desert, even compared to Chola and most other Indian buffets. They have amazing selection of chutneys which I just couldn't stop eating! I also think that the decor is much more elegant. I wish though the curries were spicier.21 points on Zagat 2011.
I stopped in for a to-go meal on my arrival night in the city, my first trip to the city.  I chose the chicken Saagwala and an order of Naan.  I sat at the counter and had a beer as I waited for my food and found the bartended to be not very engaging and in general the staff seemed polite but not particularly friendly or open to banter.  I thought the atmosphere seemed good as lighting was subdued and the restuarant had dark finishes.  the noise level seemed good as well.  A nice hubub but you can easily converse. When arriving at my hotel with the food I felt that the Saagwala was really pretty uninspiring.  the amount that they served what enough for two.  The Naan really suffered from the block and a half walk as it was a bit soggy when I took it out of its tin foil, understandable. If I return I would dine in but in general I am colored by having a very fine indian restaraunt at home and was expecting something better. .  I will try the indian restaraunt immediately next door next time, which was quite busy when I walked past and I wondered "should I go there?" maybe I should have heeded that thought.
Food was delicious and the staff were very hospitable and friendly. We particularly loved the butter chicken and appreciated the generous amount of rice that was given with the dish.
Went here a couple nights ago with the wife, it was our first midtown east indian restaurant. They sat us pretty much instantly. We ordered garlic naan, which was nice a fluffy, but was kinda crisp in the middle. I know not everyone likes that, but I didn't mind. For our entrees we had chicken vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, and some sort of lamb chops. The chicken vindaloo and chicken tikka masala were both very good, and spicy (like we ordered). Not the best chicken tikka masala in NYC but still very good.Only negatives were that the server didn't know anything about the happy hour; even though there was a sign outside. When we got our second server (they switched because i believe the other was new.) it was fine from then on.
I will eat here over and over again! You will fall in love the second you sit down
I organized a party of 40 for dinner at Darbar on 55th and could not have been happier with food or service.  We ordered in advance appetizers, 2 chicken and 2 veg dishes, naan and rice - and they were all superb.  They seated us in our room upstairs, and arranged two waiters just for us.  Food was served promptly and curtiously and was absolutely delicious.  The beetroot malai kofta is sublime and should be written up in every food magazine.  Well worth a trip there to try it. I will absolutely be back again.  Really pleased, thank you Mike for being so caring about our group.
My bestest friend and I and her boyfriend were craving Indian Food in the midst of a random torrential down pour in Manhattan.  After walking a few blocks, we ducked into DarBar albeit soaking wet. Hello Comfort Indian Food!We got a ton of stuff to share. Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Vindaloo, Vegetable korma...I can't recall what else, oh yeah, SAMOSAS! Always get those little burning hunks of love oh andd an order of GARLIC NANN, which came in a basket with a tissue paper type liner--more on that later.The food was good. Not the best I've ever had, but pretty damn good and came out steaming hot and we were starving and wet so it worked out.  Def get the Chicken Tikka and Vindaloo, and Samosas :)This places tries to be really fancy I think. I mean it is, right?  Well they have white table cloths, goblet glasses, silverware preset on the tables and wine lists.  I guess I'm just not into the whole fancy scene, after a slight quarter life crisis, I'd rather be eating take out indian in central park but that's neither here nor there. So it's a nice place, or at least trying to be, which is adorable. Kind of adorable. Why kind of you ask? Well... a small fire started on our table.  I looked over at Matt and all of a sudden out of the corner of my eye, I notice a bright orange flame dancing on the basket of delicious garlic nann. Apparently the flame on the super-romantic- ambience-creating-candle somehow caught the basket of nann on fire. It was f------ hilarious. That was the highlight of my dinner, sad I know.Or maybe the highlight should be when they half-way brought us a birthday dessert thinking it was one of our birthdays, only to turn around after seeing our confuzzled stares and placing it on the table next to us? This is a sweet little place, the food is A-OK and the waiters are adorable and really try their best, along with a nice quiet vibe. If you couldn't already tell I can't really decide if I like this place or not. I'm torn... so there, 3 stars..ok that'll do.
On a frigid night, my wife and I traveled by foot about 5 blocks from our hotel to this fabulous spot. It was quiet, warm and served an outstanding meal. The service was attentive but not hovering. The waiter helped out with our selections of bread (we tried the poori instead of the usual roti we order). Both the poori and nan were excellent. Our entrees(chicken korma and madras chicken) were excellent as well. We asked for medium hot, but the madras chicken was pretty hot. Fortunately we like hot so this was not a problem...just be carefull if your idea of hot is 'taco bell' hot. We will be back on our next visit to NYC.
Out of the nine nights and 8 days in the city, this was absolutely our best meal there. Yes, it's true. Ok, so I am partial to this kind of food but that shouldn't matter at all. The ambiance is romantic, upscale but very unpretentious. Our hostess sat us immediately and a server immediately came by with water, chutney and naan. The portions are huge and it is reasonably priced. I had the chicken vindaloo which was perfectly spicy and so delicious that even though my mouth had started to burn, I kept eating more. The Rasmalai dessert was very refreshing as well.Our server was friendly and checked on us frequently and there was always someone to clear our empty plates right away. Bottom line, I loved it and my mouth waters just thinking of this place.
We had the Okra Crunch as an appetizer, I have had it before at other Indian Restaurants and have come to enjoy it.  Darbar's take on it we did not like.  They slice the okra up into strings.  It was flavorful but difficult to eat.  Too small to use your hands and too cumbersome to eat with a fork.The food was good but nothing that will pull you away from your usual place.  I did like that they offered to "tune" the heat for you.  I like mine a little spicy and they accommodated nicely.  I have received strange looks when I requested changes at other places.  Our server asked me if I would like it spicier when I ordered.  It was a welcomed surprise.The service was not that good.  I was at a business dinner so maybe they were trying to give us our space.  Seemed like I needed to cal them over for every need.  They did fill up the complimentary beverages without us asking but our main server was invisible most of the time.Darbar won't impress anyone but if you want a good meal at a good price it will fill the bill.  Not anyplace I would go out of my way to get to.
The $15 chicken tikka massala dish I ordered was decent in terms of taste. However it did not contain white meat which I would expect at that price point. It's ridiculous that they charge an extra fee for white meat. The meal also did not include naan however when I asked for one the server was generous enough to bring one at no additional charge.
Had the lunch buffet and it was great. Very few Indian restaurants are reasonably priced, offer good food and a nice atmosphere but Darbar managed all three. Most of the traditional dishes were very made but I especially like the chaat and desserts like kheer which are seldom offered as part of a buffet. Will visit again very soon.
Happening in all ways! Wait staff, food, prices and drinks, definitely recommended from an Indian!
Well this place offer okayish indian food.. If you are indian then do not expect much... We were a group of 20 people.. They have separate room upstairs to hold these many people..i am giving four star ..because they give "Sula" Indian wines.. which is so good...But for authentic food.. this is not a place..
I am a regular at this location. The lunch buffet is superb, there are tons of options.  If you arrive after 1 pm for lunch there can be slim pickings.  The food is always fresh and tasty.  The service is always great however, during the lunch hours you can sometimes feel a bit rushed because they want to turn the tables as quickly as possible.  I am definetly  recommending this restaurant for lunch or dinner.
Fancy-looking place! We came here for dinner on a Saturday and it was easy to grab a table. The service was very friendly, although it seemed like we waited a little long for our food (25-30 minutes?). We got the lamb chop chef special, chicken tikka masala (of course), and a fish curry as well. The chicken tikka and lamb chop were both pretty tasty, the fish was a little too spicy, but still good.The curry tasted really good, although I guess I wouldn't really know how authentic it really is. Price is a little on the steep side considering some of the other Indian restaurants that are available in Manhattan, but granted this is a little bit on the fancier side.
Went for Sunday lunch buffet. The spread is good but the food was not tasty. One of the worst I have been to in the city. Ambience is good.
Excellent Indian food in the upper east side of NYC. Food and drinks are absolutely delicious.  The manager stopped by several times to check in.  In addition, the waiters were very attentive.  I had chicken tikki Marsala; it was creamy with a prefect balance of sweet and spice.  If you are looking a fine Indian restaurant, I recommend this place!
An Indian friend took me here because she thought the food was authenic. She was right. I loved the food and mango flavored dessert. Come for the lunch buffet, it is quite worth the money. Also interesting tall glasses for soda...But I wish it had bigger selection. For the price, it is acceptable but still....
Booked the table by using Opentablet - worked as it should. Friendly service and good indian food. Neighbour hood isn't the best. We were two adults and three kids in our party (6-12 yrs) and we had a good evening.
I came here last Saturday, definitely in the mood for some good Indian food. It was fairly easy to find The restaurant is dimly lit but does not feel overwhelming. For appetizers we had the bhel poori, the crunchy okra and the samosa chaat.The okra was great. I've had this at other places before, but I thought this was absolutely exquisite. It's fun to have that as an appetizer especially if your a fan of okra.They were all delicious and we pretty much finished all of the appetizers. The bhel and samosa chaat were both perfectly seasoned and the portions were decent sized and not too heavy. A lot of Indian restaurants OD in some area of the dishes, whether it's the sauce, the portion size, or the spice, and this was all actually perfect.For our entrees we had the beetroot malai kofta and the lychee kundan pasanda. I absolutely loved both. I love malai kofta and it was cooked really well; wasn't tough, broke very easily with a fork, but stayed in tact in the sauce. I've never had beetroot malai kofta before. It was uniquely tasty and next time I don't plan on sharing this with anyone! The lychee pasanda was actually not too sweet and perfectly spicy to my liking. I need to learn how to make this dish at home ASAP.We also had the onion naan, and that was made perfectly. I don't even like to eat a lot of naan with my Indian food, but I could not keep my hands away from the naan OR anything else for that matter!We brought back leftovers and when my friends had them the next day they also said they were great. They could not stop raving about it, and I know they are very picky about their Indian food as well.There is an upstairs which they can use as a banquet hall, or for parties. Maybe that is where they serve their lunch buffet, I'm not sure. The place is really nice, intimate enough for couple and fun enough for big groups. I can not wait to bring my family from out of town here when they come, I know they will be impressed.If your a fan of grade A fine Indian cuisine, I would definitely suggest you try this place immediately!
We ordered chicken tikka and lamb palak. I am not a fan of indian food, butnthis place is good!. Both dishes were ah-mah-zing!  I am definitely coming back.  This place is very clean, service is great- attentive without being too in your face.  Got a free dessert through yelps.  It was a nice serving of rice pudding.  I am not a fan of anything creamy so minus one star for that.Aside from dessert, I will definitely be coming for more of that chicken tikka.  My fiancé loves Indian food, while I generally dislike it.  This is the one restaurant I wont mind coming with him!!
Excellent tandoori. Mango chutney. Dinner fantastic. Very pleasant service. Highly recommend.
After my company moved too far for me to frequent my favorite Indian restaurant in Midtown, I decided to try Darbar Grill as it's just a couple of blocks away.  The ambiance is very pleasant and the wait staff very efficient and helpful.  The dishes we had were quite good and a bit on the (hot) spicy side, which I liked very much.  For those who prefer less spicy food, be sure to let your waiter know as I think some people might find their "normal" a bit too spicy.  I also liked that you could taste the seasonings as separate parts of a whole which, for me, defines the freshness of a dish and the artistry of the chef.For Midtown Manhattan, the prices at dinnertime are quite reasonable - the bill came to $100 for 3 people including wine, but not tip.There are better Indian restaurants in NY, but they are quite a bit more expensive, so this one definitely fills the bill if you're not up for a big price tag.Most tables were full which added to the warm atmosphere.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
Went here with a group of friends. The restaurant had a nice buzz even on a weekday. The food was great although it took a lot of time for our main course to arrive. That was a little annoying. We ordered veg as well as non-veg dishes and both were good.Yelp check in gets you a free dessert. The gulab jamun was delicious!
Indian is my favorite and to have a buffet menu for the price they offer was heaven for me!
Lunch yesterday was disgusting.  My husband and I were looking for an easy, fast, no-frills-but-pleasant sit-down place for lunch and decided to check out Darbar Grill based on Yelp's 4-star rating.  Their weekday lunch is a buffet.  When we walked in around 1:30 pm, the place was half empty, and yet kind of disorganized and hectic - we had to wait a few minutes for someone to come to the front and acknowledge/seat us.When we passed by the buffet on the way to our table, the food trays looked alarmingly empty, but my husband was set on Indian, so I decided not to make a fuss.  What a mistake!  When we went to take a closer look at the buffet, all the containers at the cold vegetable station were empty or nearly so.  I realize that it was not exactly the 12:30 lunch rush hour, but it was not 3:00 pm either to have the food completely decimated!  I asked the hostess if they were planning to refill the vegetables.  She responded with a blank stare and seemed to have no idea what I was saying.  So, I pointed at all the empty bowls and she sort of acknowledged it, but made no assurances and walked away.  30 minutes later, when we were almost finished with our pitiful meal, they refilled ONE of the 6 or so containers.  These were cold fresh or pickled vegetables.  There was no reason it should have taken so long!  There was also no reason for the other containers of - let me repeat - *cold vegetables*, otherwise known as the easiest and cheapest thing to stock, to remain empty.The hot buffet was not much better, with nearly empty trays of barely warm leftovers.  After we scraped together what we could and sat down, some dishes were refilled sporadically and infrequently.  Our bread came out half way through the meal.  The waiter was rushed and unfocused - you had to ask for every little thing. With all the above caveats, the food we did try was fine, nothing special.  It did nothing to redeem an otherwise horrendous dining experience.  Never coming back here - blech!
Many things about this place contribute to it's awesomeness. Exhibit A: No dairy? Even with restaurant week, they made sure that the options my friend and I ordered came out dairy free, even remaking a soup and giving us a different dessert. B: The food is fantastic. Nice balance of flavors, not too spicy, but has a slight kick. C: It's a pretty venue inside. It's nothing to look at from the sidewalk, but the inside is all dark wood and candle light - good for dates!
Whenever I find the best of something I always tend to stay and frequent the place till I find the next best thing or the place closes down due to high rent in manhattan.  For now this is the best Indian Buffet hands down and no comparison to Jackson heights  buffets.
The first thing that stood out about Darbar Grill was the dichotomy of the stark design of the restaurant juxtaposed to the warm greeting we received.  A party of three, we arrived on a Saturday night and were seated immediately (though the party was incomplete) and given plenty of time for our third member to arrive.   No pressure felt at all.  We were off to a good start.  When we finally got down to business, it just got better.  We started with some samosas which were deceptively light with a choice of a sweet or a savory dipping sauce on the side. We really liked that Darbar offers whole wheat naan and ordered a trio of them (one with cauliflower, one with mint and one very simple).  They were all fluffy, light and delicious.  It was hard to keep from finishing them all off.As for the entrees, let me start with a warning; the portions are very ample and two people might be able to share one dish.  We enjoyed Chicken Tikka and a lamb stew.  The Chicken was flawless and you could cut it with your fork.   The lamb was equally irresistible.  We also opted for a vegetable side of Eggplant Bartha which wowed us.  Service was affable and efficient and the meal was more than worth the price.  I'll be glad to return to Darbar soon.
I received an e-mail from the Reservation Genie, the on line reservation service that Darbar Grill uses, offering me 20% off my next check if I booked a reservation within 2 weeks of the e-mail. The offer was made as a "We Miss You" offer because I have not made a reservation there for some time. I made the reservation within 5 days and my husband and I go there the night of a torrential rain storm. We presented them with the e-mail. The staff there is very friendly but they needed to call their boss in order to honor the discount. The boss refused. He said we needed to earn points. That is NOT what the e-mail stated. The Darbar Grill uses this reservation service and should be familiar with its offers to their customers. The refusal to honor its own offer is NOT acceptable customer service!
A high-end, white-table-cloth-kind-of-place serving delicious Indian food. You can get a cheaper Indian fix in Curry Hill, but take your parents here.
$12 lunch buffet with a host of delicious options?  Yes please.I don't usually make the trek to this corner of Midtown, but the food here is excellent quality and it's convenient to MoMA, so that's enough for me.
I love this place.. I went to it twice when I was in NYC. I will go again whwnever I have the chance. FOOD great.. SERVICE fantastic.. PRICE wasn't too bad.
I was craving Indian food at 10:30 PM in Midtown and Darbar Grill was one of my only options. I ordered the following:Chicken Samosas- YummyThe Rosemary Naan- Awesome! Highly recommend it! This adds a star to my rating. Otherwise it would have been a 2!Tandoori Roti= Cardboard. Gross. Plain Naan- Ok, but the rosemary one is way better!Butter Chicken- Creamy, but no taste whatsoever. Make sure to ask for it spicy (if you like your food hot) because it's super bland!Chicken Biryani- No flavor. In summary, this place is overrated and overpriced. If you've ever had good Indian food, you would hate this place. Basically what I'm trying to say is that if you are from the Indian subcontinent, do not eat here! The food sucks!
About one of the best Indian restaurants you will find in NYC.As fate would have it, I usually wind up in this part of midtown east every few months or so on personal business around late lunch time. The buffet lunch is one of the best (and freshest as well as most hygiene-conscious) that you will find in any Indian buffet. The dishes offered for buffet are nothing short of exemplary and paradigmatic, despite the fact that this is buffet lunch. Chicken tikka masala on a buffet is no short order, and the vegetarian dishes (spinach and cottage cheese, daals, potato stews, et al) are no slouches either. The goat curry, though on the bone as with most places, is sublime.Even at two in the afternoon everything was in the right freshness zone; nothing tasted as if it had been out for hours as an afterthought. And after numerous late lunchtime buffet visits, this is always the case.And onto dessert. A damn good fresh brewed coffee (again, hadn't been in a brewpot since 10am, thankfully) to accompany the dessert buffet. Solid flan and a near-perfect Gulab Jaman (not too crunchy and not over saturated in rose-honey water) rounded things out nicely. On a very pleasant ending note, entire bill with a 25% tip for impeccable service was twenty bucks. And worth every sou, quite frankly.For me it's comfort Indian food 'til I'm old and grey.....
Went again with my Desi husband, he LOVED this place. The food is really great, he had minced lamb, and the quality of the meat and the preparation were simply impeccable.  Again, the wines we tried have been fantastic yet somehow they are $9-10 a glass.  This just made me think in horror of my drinks at Circo the other night, the sister of Le Cirque, an Italian place that NEVER serves wines at proper temp; I paid $25 for a glass of red there, after trying at least five different wines, and it was awful.  So I would rather have the $10 Italian (!) wine from Darbar than any wines from Circo.The service was exceptional.  All in all a great place, it seems a bit empty at times which saddens me a little, I really hope they are here for the long haul.  I can't find any fault with this place, except they have a terrible entrance, it looks like a hole in the wall, if I did not have a certificate incentive, I would never in my life have entered the establishment. It looks drab and cheap and awful right up front, they really need to update. They should take a cue from the Indian restaurants on the East 58th St., they look sleek and clean and inviting, they have nice, distinguished signs and ambiance.
AWESOME ! cauliflower manchuria is the best ever. After leaving India 8 years ago, this is the first time i ate something close to what i ate in India. i am a fan. be careful when you ask for "spicy", they make it really spicy and i like it that way :)
Came here for a date. The ambiance and atmosphere was nice, quiet and intimate. The food was pretty good for New York. The bathroom was upstairs in a kinda scary room. The service was good, nothing really to complain about. I would try other places before coming back here.
Outstanding food especially the Lamb vindaloo and the flatbreads, excellent! Friendly attentive staff with quality  service was appreciated.   The owner introduced himself and was very pleasant.  A sure find for authentic Indian food here at the Darbar grill.  Nice Manhattan decor and low lighting for a special evening out for my husband and I.Donna & John 10/2/13
Decent overall dining experience in terms of decor (nice) and service (a little overbearing), but lacking in the food department. I had chicken mango, which I enjoyed, but the small serving size left me unsatisfied. My wife's chicken tikka masala was subpar - kinda like tomato soup and not creamy enough. We enjoyed the laccha parantha, but the poori was greasy and bland. We usually go to Jackson Heights for Indian food so maybe that's why this didn't do it for us.
Wow- Darbar Grill is simply divine.  From the sleek, clean decor to the grade A service to the incredible food, OMG my first time there by the appetizers alone I knew I struck gold!We ordered the okra crisp and i cant remem the name but some sort of vegetable balls in a cream sauce - there are really no words to describe the deliciousness, you need to try it for yourself!  Excellent!
Food was cold, lamb was tough and flavor was not authentic.  Very disappointed since Yelp reviewers average four.  The place was especially cold and uninviting.  Some of the curries we tried were watery and not flavorful.  I wished it was a better experience with the waiters as well.  They were inattentive and for only having about 4 other tables and about 5 waiters around it was pretty sad.
I went to Darbar Grill with my family after graduating from medical school.  We had a bit of trouble finding the place because the listed address was not the same as the actual address for some reason.  The food at this place was very delicious and quite pleasing to the Indian-American palate.  The Okra Crunch was a great appetizer if you even remotely like okra - flavorful with just the right amount of crispiness.  For the entrees, we ordered Dal Makhani, Paneer Makhani (not on menu), and Chole.  The entrees in general were pretty standard dishes, but hit the right spot when you need them to.  The plain naan was a bit overcooked, but the onion naan's really hold their own.  For dessert we ordered a couple dishes of Kulfi as everyone reminisced about how great Kulfi is at Chowpatty Beach in Mumbai, India.  I really enjoyed this Kulfi but the elders were steadfast in their loyalty to Kulfi in Mumbai.   The service was polite, attentive, and prompt.  Overall, I had a very good experience at this restaurant!
I went here once a few years ago and I remember liking it, but I went today for the buffet and it was not good. The food itself was.....I did not finish my first plate and for the first time in the history of the world I DID NOT GO BACK FOR SECONDS. This is unheard of for me at an Indian buffet. Usually I have to leave the restaurant slightly hunched over because my belly is so full it's painful. Sooooo yeah. This was an exceptionally bad buffet. And I asked for water as soon as we sat down and I waited a few minutes, looked over and saw the waiter having a leisurely drink by himself behind the bar. I was so sad. And then he waited a few more minutes before bringing me water and I was so thirsty. When we were leaving, an old lady was yelling about how they said they would put out more salad and chicken twenty five minutes ago, and they still hadn't done so.Also, when I set the serving spoon back down in the kheer, it slid into the container. I apologized to the waiter and explained that I dropped the spoon in, and then he stuck another spoon in there.....and just left the first one sitting in the kheer?? Just.....it was a very odd experience with pretty poor service and bad food. I've never before seen Indian food that I did not want to eat. It was crazy.
First, the only bad comment: When delivering to a hotel, you should include silverware.  They included plates but not forks and knives. The food was very tasty. We're vegetarians, and none of the dishes disappointed. We got rosemary naan, papadum, eggplant korma, aloo gobi, and a sweet lassi. They included two quarts of rice with saffron. All of the favors were well balanced and tangy. The korma did taste a little like the eggplant bharta, but it was still good and spicy. Delivery from grubhub was fast - arrived 20 minutes before the estimated time - and free. Total was $36.
We had a wonderful dinner at Darbar Grill.  We happened upon in walking in the neighborhood and were so delighted to find another great Indian food restaurant. I had a scrumptious Butter Chicken. I've never had chicken samosas before and they were delicious with a sweet red sauce.  The service was incredibly friendly, though the surroundings were a little close. It was clear that we arrived before the dinner rush because the place filled quickly and was packed by the time we were done. I can't even take off a star for the closeness of the tables, because the food was so good and the noise level didn't become unmanageable even when crowded. It was not a romantic environment, but a very good place to have a delicious casual dinner with your significant other.
My husband and I just went here randomly for dinner for the first time, and we couldn't have been happier. The atmosphere inside is very classy- much nicer than we were expecting, considering it's not that pricey. The service is top notch. Multiple attentive waiters anticipated our every need. And everyone who worked there was extremely nice. The foot was excellent. Would definitely recommend the mulligatawny soup and the beet dumplings- they were both excellent.
Had lunch here with a friend who pronounced the buffet "okay."  Their okra crunch is impossible to get to your mouth.  The pieces are so thin and dry they slide through a fork, but they're also so small and oily, that they're not conducive to eating with fingers.  The tandoori chicken was quite good, moist, flavorful, and authentic.  Their mutter paneer was heavy on the sauce, relatively generous with the paneer, but, to mangle an old Wendy's tag line, "Where's the mutter?"  I think there may have been one tablespoon of peas in the entire dish.  Given the low cost of peas, and the $11 price tag on this (maybe 50 cents per pea) I found this inexcusable.  The paratha was the strangest I'd ever had anywhere.  Past parathas I'd had had been breads with succulent, thin, buttery layers.  This was a spiral pancake.  Not particularly appetizing in taste or texture.Service: I made our reservation using their online service, and I received an email confirmation yesterday reminding me "If you are unable to honor your reservation, please try to cancel with appropriate notice."  You can imagine my consternation when I arrived and found they had no record of my reservation.  Beyond this, the service was courteous but extremely slow.   I ordered and urged my friend to go ahead and get his buffet.  He's not a particularly fast eater, but he had FINISHED a good 20 minutes before my food arrived.On the whole, I was pretty disappointed.  The decor is pleasant, but there really is nothing there to entice me to come back, despite their email assurance that "This reservation will earn 120 points towards becoming a VIP at Darbar Grill on 55th." Yeah, sure.
Came here a week back with a gilt group  coupon which allowed us to pick one entree, one main course and one dessert each for $25..We came in at around 7:30  on a weekday. We were immediately seated.  The menu offered a large selection for both meat lovers and vegetarians alike.  Our waiter made some excellent suggestions all of which were spot on. Highly recommended is the lamb melagu which is essentially lamb in a pepper based curry.. We were also recommended the Garlic Shrimp Balcho which was amazing. he also recommended a few vegetarian dishes which hit the right note too.. We were also given some cocktail recommendations which were great as well.All the dishes served were really good. Service was spot on.  Our waiter was exceptionally friendly and checked on us several times to make sure we were all doing ok.  We were so full by the end of the night tat we did not have any room for the dessert.
Buffet was good , especially Goa fish. But I wouldn't give a 5, there are better indian restaurants of course
A few weeks ago my date and I had dinner here. It was not too crowded and at one point we were the only couple there which I thought was very romantic.  It's a cozy place and the waiters were very attentive to us.  My date had the lamb which was very spicy yet tasty and I had the chicken.  When I checked in with Yelp on my smart phone we were able to get a free dessert to share between us.  It's a wonderful place to go on a date and have some delicious Indian food.
We had dinner with 3 of us and all 3 ordered something completely different and shared it. All food was great, Both the starters and the entrees. We are super full now although the freshly made mango lassis also helped filling us up. We skipped deserts! The atmosphere (furniture and music) is great, waiting staff is very elegant, almost upscale with a very decent price. Nothing we can think off to improve.
Always hits the spot when I am having my Indian food craving. Reasonably priced for lunch specials and decent proportions. And they keep the buffet well stocked and give a great variety.
I was never a fan of spicy foods or any Indian food for that matter.... Until I had Darbar's dum aloo! It's amazing! The food and wine are spectacular. It's a relaxed and sophisticated vibe that everyone would enjoy!
I came to have a takeout. The fish and lamb dish is only sauce with two pieces thumb-size meat. It is so disappointing. Never recommend it.
Darbar is one of the best places I know in the city to get Indian lunch buffets. They have a wide range of choices of meat-eaters and vegetarians alike. The salad bar is very extensive and the restaurant puts out a variety of meat dishes such as chicken tikka masala and goan fish curry. The fish curry here is one of the best I have tasted.I highly recommend this for a lunch buffet spot! I always leave too full and end up having to take a long afternoon nap after.
Found this little gem using Yelp and loved it! I was traveling from Vancouver Island Canada and needless to say, good Indian is sometimes hard to come by in our part of the world. We found Darbar after an afternoon of walking the hot streets and stopped in for the lunch buffet based on the continuous positive reviews I had read on Yelp. Winner! Wonderful variety of hot and cold dishes, very fresh and plentiful. The chicken tikka masala was out of this world and the naan was chewy and delicious. For $12 it was easily one of the best deals I've found for an all-you-can-eat place. I highly recommend the lunch buffet any day if you're looking to satisfy your Indian cravings.
After reading all the reviews on yelp, a bunch of friends and I decided to check out this place. We went there today for lunch buffet and have to say it was a major let down. First of all it was only 2:00 pm and they were already running out of food. Now about the taste of food, pavbhaji did not taste anything like a real bhaji. Okra was under cooked, spinach paneer was horrible and paneer tasted bad, yellow daal was so bland. In sweet dish suji halwa was actually cream of wheat, it wasnt the real deal. mango pudding  was extremely sweey and couldn't taste mango in it, kheer was made of condensed milk, so it was also not good. The only best thing of the entire buffet was naan. Will not go to this place again!
I haven't explored many Indian restaurants in NYC to compare, however, this place is consistently great for delivery. (I haven't eaten at the location yet, so this is a delivery based review).Where I give/remove my stars: +1 Star for the always friendly young man answering the phone. Most NY restaurants are in such a hurry that they rush you off the phone asap just to answer the next call, yet he is always patient when answering questions and takes the order with grace.+1 Star for the consistently fast and reliable delivery. Rain or shine, I always receive my order in less than 45 minutes and it's stored so well that it still tastes great. The delivery man is always very friendly and polite as well. (Also, sometimes fried foods or breads don't taste as well if not eaten directly at the restaurant, but so far at Darbar Grill, the Samosas arrive crispy and the Naan arrives fresh and warm). +2 Stars for the consistently good food. I've tried a few different things on their menu, but still always order a few staples just to have them, and they are all always yummy. Even people who don't prefer Indian food have fallen in love with their food, including the daal after just one taste. (If you like daal, the big hit is their regular daal, but they also have the yellow daal if you ask for it, and it's good).-1 Star, for continuing to give me unwanted plastic utensils. I know it's not a big deal for everyone, but recycling/living green is important for me, so I have to knock down a star. Every order arrives with plastic utensils, napkins, and even plastic plates, all of which are the non-recyclable kind. It might come in handy if you do happen to need them, but since I don't, it's unnecessarily wasteful. I do tell them I don't need them when I place my order, but there's some sort of communication problem with the kitchen, so hopefully soon they'll realize they could save some money (and prevent waste) by not providing them. Anyhow, until then, it loses a star.
I have a California bias when reviewing this restaurant.The food and service is good. However, prices are high and portions are small, e.g. the lamb curry had 4 or 5 small pieces of lamb and cost around $20.Decent wine list, friendly staff, prompt service. I would try them again if I couldn't find any thing better in the neighborhood.
Went here for dinner.  Nice place, food was very good, and the service was very friendly.  Price was reasonable.word on the street is lunch buffet special is awesome....
I should start by saying I only come here for the lunch buffet because it's close to work, but when these guys get it right, they are 4 star.  Sometimes I come in here and the food is amazing, and they really kick the heat up a notch.  Other times, it's just bland.  The goat curry is always a favorite, as well as the aloo gobi or whatever aloo variation they tend to have.  If you walk in on a day when the chef's hand was a little heavy with the hot sauce, you are in for a treat.
Went for the Lunch Buffet yesterday and the food was delicious. They had a great selection of the appetizers, entree and the especially the deserts.... My favorite appetizer was the ground chicken meat w/ chick peas..My favorite entree was the goat....OMG damm the meat was sooo soft and tender almost like chicken. Then there was the desert, they had a nice mango jello looking thing..... very tasty. Now the downside....I was looking forward for the Palak Panneer....But none to be found in the Buffet. All in All not bad at all....
5 stars for the lunch buffet.  Great choices all around, very fresh, amazing dosas, lots of vegetarian choices and only $12.I realy liked this place,The buffet selections and food were very good-The buffet is  fabulous, their amazing and tender lamb vindaloo, which is perfectly spiced and not too vinegary.The chicken tikka masala is some of the best I've had, and the other entrees are excellent as well.Dessert, Buonissimo. after 6 hours I still full, Deffenetly I will go back for the 3rd time.Great stuff, highly recommended.
There are quite a few little things that I did not really like about this restaurant, but the food was way too amazing that I could not go below 4 stars.  Things not to expect when coming here:1. Consistent service...Great at times, but terrible at times too (waited 15 minutes after our appetizer was finished for them to take the plate away)2. A crowd (this place was pretty empty)3. A cheap meal ($90 for 2 in an Indian place is expensive)4. No upselling (VOSS and their wine is placed on the table...c'mon)5. A laugh (this place seemed all business, not "fun").Things to expect:1. Some of the best Indian food in Midtown that I have ever had.  2. Frozen glasses for your King Fisher beer!Again, if your coming here....expect to have some delicious food and nothing else.  Keep your expectations for everything else low, but your expectations of the food extremely high and you will not be disappointed.
This place is a bit pricey, but worth it. Dinner with appetizers and drinks for two came out to $70 including tip.I haven't been for the lunch buffet, but I'm sure that it's as fantastic as they say. I went at night and it seems really good for special occasions / nice dates. As for the food, everything is very tasty. The sauces aren't heavy or greasy like you might find in other indian restaurants. At the same time, they're not too light or too dense. Just right, i found.The service is fantastic. They get it done the way you're suppose to. Drinks. Appetizers. Clean table. Hot plate. Entrees. More water. Desserts? Check. Done and done. Would go back for sure.
I ordered from Darbar the other day due to location, and its 20% discount on Seamless.I chose to do pickup, and the order was received and ready quickly.  The portions were average (7 pieces of chicken in my Chicken Saag), however it came with a huge serving of rice.The sauce of the Saag was rich and flavorful, albeit a tad too creamy.  The chicken, however, left much to be desired.  5 of the pieces were good, but the remaining 2 were unacceptable.  One was filled with bones and grizzle, and the other was dark and disgusting. Not sure if I would order again due to the value (2/7 of the meat inedible), but it was a very good price with the Seamless discount.  If this food was served during an eat it, I would have sent back the 2 pieces and requested new ones.
This is my 3rd trip to the place in the last 2 trips to New York.  After we had a great experience back in August, this time me and a colleague went for dinner - and again the experience is excellent.We sat at the bar and they brought a complimentary appetizer, but had to order our favorite the Okra Crunch - the Mango Scallops were good also, but we only got 3 - so had to settle for 1 1/2 each.We ordered Chicken Danshk and Bagara Baingan (Baby Eggplant) which has a little bite to it.  Topped it off with Ras Malai desert - Overall, it is a complete dining experience and looking forward to going there again on my next visit.
Only incentive to this place is the fact that there's a lunch buffet for $12.95. Nothing more..the food imediocre at best.
Went here for lunch. GREAT BUFFET. I think it's $12.95 and the food is really good. I eat a good amount of Indian food and this place was up there and for a buffet, how can you beat it.
I go here all the time for the lunch buffet. I have not been for dinner yet. The buffet is $11.95 all you can eat and its the best in town that I've found. Its very high quality ingredients, and everything tastes very fresh. I have never been sick after eating here and that's more than I can say for a lot of other Indian places in the city, especially buffets.The Tikka Masala is excellent, the Vindaloo, Sag, and Paneer dishes are all great. Honestly, I haven't had anything that I didn't like or thought wasn't good. They have a number of cold salad type items and great desserts as well. The mango mousse is my favorite. It sounds weird, but its seriously the best thing ever!  It's like a mix between mousse and flan. LOVE!!!It's very clean, and has a classy feel to it. Highly recommended!
Darbar is ok. They have a $12 lunch buffet with a pretty big selection of dishes. I've been 3 times for lunch because I work nearby.   The food is just ok. I really want it to be better but for its just ok. Indian should not be bland and many of Darbars items are. Like the chicken tikka masala which creamy but lacking in flavor and spice. Darbar does seem to do naan right. It's always been made to order, chewy inside and crispy with ghee melted on the outside. The service has always been friendly.
Have been here several times for brunch and dinner. Very nice atmosphere with attentive wait staff. The food is delicious. Very authentic and flavorful. Have tried a variety of the dishes on the menu.  I would definitely return again.
I went twice for lunch buffet and liked their arrangement as well as food. What I love about this restaurant is they have quite number of vegetarian dishes which I hardly find in any Indian buffet. I can give 3 star for their sitting arrangement. In lunch hour, they really gets crowded and feels like we are sitting in the train...and having food... lolzzz.. but my overall experience is good. I will try Happy Hour soon. ;)  Will keep u posted yelpers..!!! Keep rocking and keep exploring City's best and worst.
The $12 lunch buffet, 7 days a week, is spectacular!  I'm used to buffets where I suspect that the food has been out all week.  This buffet was different; food was fresh and delicious.  AND, they have more than just some rice pudding for dessert - today, they had delicious fruit, mango mousse, and those sweet schwetty balls (I always forget what they're called)...Next, I'm going to try the lunch box for $9...The decor is much nicer than I expected for such low prices, too.  I think I've found my new lunch spot!
This buffet is next door to my French school. Its THE place to run to when I am starving after half a day of grueling classes...  The lamb and dhal is to die for, wonderful array of salads, chutneys, savories and vegetarian dishes, dessert selection is great too. I've seen chicken and naans but I just stick to my favorites. The waiting staff are lovely, attentive and polite. All you can eat for 15 dollars. I cannot recommend this place highly enough !
I came here for dinner. I found the food was okay. I love spicy food, so we asked for "spicy" --but our entrees (lamb and the spniach paneer) were so spicy they were almost hard to eat.  They didn't really have much flavor but simply tasted very spicy.The service was also a bit too much, constantly refilling our water glasses, like fifteen times. When they brought out the food they spooned some of it onto our plates--it just seemed a bit intrusive and unnecessary. The fruit and nut naan was absolutely delicious though.
excellent quality food. the chicken tikka masala and naan are out of this world. best indian i have had in new york. great for takeout also. i order from here every week.
The lunch buffet gets 2 thumbs up from me - $12 all you can eat - including delicious Indian desserts.  The buffet is clean and the food  inviting - this is probably the best Indian food I have had in terms of meat to sauce ratio - they are by no means stingy.  Vegetarians are well looked after as well with a variety of choices.My favourites are a little predictable -  but are done well, being the tikka masala and tandoori chicken.  Make sure you leave room for a couple of samosas - they are a delight!The mango mousse for dessert  was a nice light finish to a delightful lunch.Service is polite and attentive and your water glass will never be left empty!I'd advise to go after 1pm to beat the lunchtime rush - the restaurant can be a little noisey and you may have to wait to get a table.  If you are a party of 2, try to aim for one of the tables near the wall, rather than in the centre, unless you are just there for the food and don't care too much for conversation.All in all a very positive experience with great food and I am sure I will return soon.
When I come home from school and I crave indian food Darbar is so conveniently located for me that it's my go to place.  Service is just alright but to me doesn't really matter.  The servers don't speak good english, but I'm not there to talk to the waiters. As long as the food is served and they understand what I want it's all that matters. Great place to check out if you're looking for some indian and in the area.
Had some time and was in the area, and picked the place based on Yelp reviews.Nice place, decor, and environment. I got there early (5pm) so it was pretty empty. Ordered vegetable samosas as the appetizer, which were good, and followed it with Chicken Tikka Masala, with Peshwari naan. The naan was great, the tikka masala was light on chicken, and a little bland... I did reflect that I wasn't asked how spicy I wanted it. Good attention to water etc, fairly speedy service.Overall, it was good but not great. Well priced, but I have certainly had better in the city in that range.
I really liked the intimate ambience here. Everything from appetizer to dessert was delicious. The waiter encouraged us to try different dishes as it was our first time there. Definitely try the Salmon Tikka Masala. Usually I order lamb or chicken, you can't go wrong with any choice you make here. I highly recommend this place.
there was four stars for this yelp and hence went to this place with great expectation. But the food was average. the service and ambience was good but the food wasnt that great. I have definitely had much better indian food in manhattan .
Large portions for an expensive place. The service was top notch, but I am not particularly impressed by the food.
Craving some Indian food while in New York, the family and I yelped to find some good biryani  and tandoori chicken. Our first dinner at an unnamed location was terrible. However, Darbar was a delight. The biryani was first rate and the tandoori was perfect, and the price was reasonable!
Overly expensive Indian.Goat curry was ok....more bone than meat.Service wsa great, but prices were not in line with quality. Not a bad experience, just not worth it.If you want upscale Indian, go to Spice Market.
This place is amazing.$12 all you can eat lunch buffet with a slew of delicious choices. The tandoori chicken was absolutely delicious as was the saag and the mutter paneer. Made to order dosas. Fresh naan. Soooo good.I ate way too much. So much that upon exiting the premises I looked pregnant. I ate a plateful (basically a spoon of everything) and then had a half plate of things I hadn't tried yet. So full. And THEN I had try the desserts. I had a spoonful of the rice pudding, a half a spoon of the  creme caramel and a half a spoon of the mango mousse. All delicious. Next time I'll save more room for them. And more of the naan cause damn was it good!Service was also excellent and attentive. I will be coming here again. Many times.
Was taking a friend out for her birthday and gave her various cuisine choices, the lucky winner was Indian! I was really happy since I was seriously hungry and I had heard this buffet was seriously delicious! It truly was.  Since I only had a hard boiled egg for breakfast, I didn't feel guilty chowing down on 2 overflowing plates of basmati rice, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, a dosa from the dosa station, a few different salads - beet, cucumber and chickpea - all were fab! Hot glistening naan bread to top it all off.  There was a whole separate table of desserts but I was too full to try any of them, or even to check them out.   Next time I will try the goat curry and a few other things that looked good.  In any event,  I know I won't be eating dinner tonight.  I can't wait to go back to Darbar.
Darbar Grill -- was a desperate, I am so hungry and I am stuck in midtown Manhattan on a Saturday afternoon when majority of the restaurants are closed or cost me my savings account discovery -- it was perfect.  Reasonably priced, oh so delicious Indian buffet with all the staples of Chicken Tikka Masala, Dal, Chole that a girl or boy could ask for.Service: Excellent, very prompt attention to anything we needed that was not on the buffet.   They brought out fresh naan as we needed itAmbiance: it's nice, not overly decorated, well lit dining room.  Buffet is set away from the tables so thankfully you don't have a line of people standing by your table.After reading some reviews, I see they make dosas to order -- we definitely weren't told about that!  I will have to go back now to see if that is just a weekday thing or its also on the weekends cause that would make this place even better!
I am not a huge fan of Indian food but the client wanted to try this place and we were running out of options on Midtown East. We went for the lunch buffet. The food was surprisingly good. They have a huge selection from traditional tandori chicken to real Indian stuff. Service was also very good, especially during the busy lunch hour. Price was also fair. I'd not mind going back.
A really huge fan of this indian resturant. I love the buffet, and as a big eater of Rice, this place as the best Rice I have tasted in a while. The dishes are very well prepared and not spicy at all. A great time with friends or a date.
5 stars for the lunch buffet.  Great choices all around, very fresh, amazing dosas, lots of vegetarian choices and only $12.Fabulous service...I felt like a camel there because it was a sweltering day and I probably drained my water glass/iced tea like 10 times, but the waiter was always right there with cold water when I finished it.  I liked it better than the Dhaba buffet and the Nirvana buffet...everything there was great :)
I came here for the $11.95 lunch buffet. There are a ton of vegetarian options, plus chicken tandoori, chicken tikka masala, goat curry and fish curry..maybe one other. Unfortunately, they don't have my favorite dish on the lunch buffet: lamb curry. Damnit! Anyway, it was still really delicious, except for the huge disgusting piece of goat fat that I ingested. I was with coworkers too, so I didn't feel like I could spit it into my napkin (a VERY rare necessity for me). Once I got over that mishap though, the goat was delish.   The service was also great.  Constant refills of water and naan.I never eat Indian desserts because they're usually too sweet for my taste. On this visit, however, I decided to be adventurous and had a piece of their mango cake dessert. AMAZING!
It was fine.  Not loud. Not the best or worst Indian food. They were very nice. I think it would be better if they made the ambiance a little nicer.
I was shocked that I was able to find a not so amazing restaurant in NYC. During my trip in June 2012, I was convinced, I couldn't throw a stone without (1.) Pissing off a New Yorker, and (2.) Hitting an outstanding restaurant. Guess what... found one that was below awesome. Now before I proceed, I just want to emphasize that this was ONE visit, ONE dish, ONE time deal. I am sure that any restaurant can't be this "bad" all the time, so it goes without saying that although this place may be YOUR favorite place to eat, in my most humble opinion, this was my worst experience in New York. Perhaps just bad timing. The GOOD: a decent, and affordable house wine. Yeah, that was pretty much the best of the whole deal. A Chardonnay that didn't leave an acidic rash in the back of my throat.The BAD: the service was NOT bad... simply, awkward. I didn't understand why there was so much commotion with the servers walking back and fourth, looking at us, helping us, over helping, then walking away... I was lost. The restaurant is pretty much dimly lit with candles. I mean, where am I, Outback Steakhouse? It was really dark inside, especially when you enter the dining room on the lower level in the back. Sure it was a great feel.... if you're on a date... but I was just trying to get some good Indian eats with a friends - not trying to get romantic. When the food came out, it looked really amazing (from what I could see in the dark), but then when I ate it, seemed surprisingly dull and flavorless. Indian food, without flavor? I don't know what went wrong. The server also weirded me out with an awkward gesture... he brought out a spare plate, then rice, then my dish, and started to put rice on the empty plate... confused, I said... thanks... then he said he would come back and put more... ummm... okay? He walked away, and never returned. I didn't understand why I needed three dishes to eat my one meal...Like I said, it was awkward and I was lost, maybe that's the norm in New York Indian dining... I dunno...OVERALL: definitely has turned me away from trying them again. Plus, I live a quarter of the world away, so chances of me stopping in to give them another change is ... pretty much a no and never. I state again, that this was just my ONE experience, and judging by other people's reviews, and their happy hour, Darbar should be an awesome little dining experience. Me though, I thinks not.
$12 + $3 tip = $15 all you can eat Indian buffet... sounds pretty good to me.  The food is good-- Americanized but just authentic enough for me to handle.  I wish I had come here with a guy though, instead of a girl who mostly poked at her food and was watching her carb to protein ratio.  But next time, I'll know better.I'm ready to feast.
Excellent food and service.  Try the Indian Shiraz and the special spinach appetizer.  By the way, Yelp says they don't take reservations, but they do.
I've been here twice for dinner and both experiences were amazing.  The staff was friendly and the food fabulous.  If I worked in this area, I would be eating here every month.On my second trip to Darbar, the 5 of us ordered 5 different dishes and they were all fantastic.  My favorite were the Chef's Special Chicken Malai (good for those that can't handle the Indian spiciness) and the Tikka Masala (one of the best I've had). Beware of the Chicken Vindaloo, it is extremely spicy, but still excellent nonetheless.
Some of the best Indian I've come across in the city. A friend took me to the buffet so we could scarf down some daal and goat. I tried almost everything in the buffet lineup. The goat, naan and chicken tikka masala where particularly good. Tandoor chicken was meh...I think it's something that can't sit around in a buffet and needs to be fresh off the grill plate. Yellow daal and the rice were fantastic. I really don't remember what else we ate as I fell in to a masala induced coma shortly after. I didn't have the dosas since I'm not a fan, although people were all over them. I did try the mango custard, kheer and gulab jamun...all of which were very scrumptious. so much variety in the buffet too. Northern, Southern, hot, cold maybe 15 or so different dishes.Love this place. $12 for delish indian buffet what's not to like?
Really enjoyed the food here.  Played it safe with ordering dishes I've had before, but will try some of their specials the next time I visit.
Great quality indian food fresh, not too spicy and great lunch deal. $10 for one meat veggie and rice from the buffet.
Walked about 10 minutes to Darbar Grill for a weekday lunch buffet and was not disappointed.  Buffet consists of 5 protein dishes, 5 vegetarian, 5-6 salad items, and 5 dessert/fruit.  When I got there at 11:40 am, I was the first customer.  More people came in through out my stay there, but it was never really crowded.  Usually I go to Indian buffets to load up on proteins.  But Darbar's vegetarian dishes were so good, I ended up eating them more.  After two plates of overflowing deliciousness, I had to go back for another half-plate of veggies...yeah, it was that good.  I told myself I shouldn't have gotten the 3rd plate, but I finished it anyway.  My favorite, the goat dish, but watch out for bones and bone fragments.  A helpful hint for yellow daal, use the dessert plate/bowl to hold it since it was soupy.  Then, it was to dessert.  After I scooped rice pudding, mango pudding, and flan, I suddenly realized there was gulab jamun right behind other desserts, hidden in a metallic buffet dish.  I panicked a little as my tiny plate/bowl was already full.  A solution came in mind, I took what I had back to the table, finished them, came back and got an awesome gulab jamun on a new plate....crisis averted.  The only problem after this epic culinary adventure was that I was too full to walk back at my usual NYC speed.  I suffered the humiliation of several tourists actually slowly passed me by as I limped along.  But, you know what?  For this great satisfying lunch, it was totally worth it.
The tikki masala was very good. ALthough I wasnt a fan of the Goan Fish Curry- its Cod fish in a sauce. The Cod came out much too jerky like. The dessert was amazing. Happy Hour was great too, btw 5-8.
This would be a five star review if it wasn't for the price.  I know this is Manhattan but I can't afford a place like this often.First of all the place looks pretty new and has classy environment.  Now what makes this place truly stand out is their service.  This place might have one of the best service that I have ever experience.  My water was never empty and I was treated well even if I didn't order much.  I usually tip based on how often my glass is empty because it shows how much waiters care after you get your food.I started with the chicken samosa which was great.  Their chicken samosa had a lot of chicken in it which is not usually the case at other places.  The best samosa I never had with my limited experience.  It was good enough that my girlfriend ended changing a order of garlic naan to vegetable samosa.  The waiter was very nice about changing the order which is a huge plus.  The vegetable samosa was also excellent.My girlfriend and I shared only one entree of Chicken Tikka Masala because we were on a budget and I had eaten at another place already.  This was a bit of a surprise to the waiter when we ordered only one entree but they didn't push us to order something else.   The Chicken Tikka Masala was also good but doesn't stand out when compared to other places.  We also had an order of garlic naan to go with it.  The naan was really good and came close to perfect.I ended up taking the chicken tikka masala to go because we were too fully.  They were very nice about that too considering the fact that one of the waiter had to run upstairs to get the containers.I would recommend this place to anyone who has the money to spend on this place.
The food was pretty good but the service almost gave me an anxiety attack. The servers were SO aggressive and eager to take our plates away and box up our food even before we had finished eating. It was rude and made me feel undervalued as a customer, and I felt extremely anxious to have a server perpetually hovering in my line of vision. They weren't even busy, as only about a third of the tables were full. Even though the food was good I will never, ever eat there again.
Second time with the same friend. My friend is in love with this place; even liked the Indian beer. This time we ordered for entrees: beet dumplings and chicken tandoori. Both very delicious. Beet Dumplings (House Specialty) were chewy, and looked more like falafels than asian dumplings in terms of shape.Good portions, good atmosphere. Staff is neither extremely friendly nor obnoxious; they are just fine the way I like it.
Went for the Lunch Buffet. Amazing variety of dishes, both hot and cold. Also a good variety of Vegetarian options which is often hard to find at buffets. Tried a little bit of everything and it all was delicious. Great balance of spices in the dishes. They even had a dessert buffet. The Mango Mousse was amazingly light yet creamy. Perfect to cool the palate after the kick in the masala. Only complaint was that we were seated under the skylight and it was quite chilly which made my food get cold faster than I could eat it. Other than that, the decor was nice and the staff was pleasant. Definitely will keep this place in mind for future lunch and dinner plans.
Please see my review for the 46th street location! I made an error in writing my review and the 46th street location is actually the Darbar I visited.
Absolutely fabulous Indian food. Definitely pricey, but worth it. The buffet is a lot cheaper and just as fabulous, if lacking in their amazing and tender lamb vindaloo, which is perfectly spiced and not too vinegary.The chicken tikka masala is some of the best I've had, and the other entrees are excellent as well.Mint chutney is to die for.
We keep ordering in from this place. So yummmmyyy :)
The food is decent but they do nickel and dime you for taking food to go. The take out boxes are limited size so you cannot indulge too much and they charge you a buffet price with no dessert. It's rather strange. If you get a lunch box you can only have certain things from the buffet. Our company has given them so much business but with this practice we are pulling up roots here. Big loss.
Oh man, the palak paneer (aka saag panner) is insanely good.  The spinach is actually a healthy-looking green and almost every bite has paneer!  Ordered the medium-spicy and it had a subtle kick, but not very spicy for those that like spice.I've been burned on seamless web too many times, so I stick to my 5 favorites.  But when I am craving indian usually go with a safe 3-star Balucci's.  Decided to try Darbar Grill after the rave yelp reviews.  Folks, definitely well-deserved. And it's now my #6!I had to force myself to retire the remaining 1/4 for lunch tomorrow or else I'd be sick - too much food.  Every bite was better than the last.  So, packed it up and licked the plate.
Went to Darbar on the fly after meeting some friends in midtown. On a Saturday evening, our party of 7 was seated immediately which was a nice surprise. The restaruant wasn't that busy. We started off with samosas which were delicious. The pastry was light and the filling was standard, but delicious with the chutney they brought out. The complimentary pappadom was also good. The entrees were the highlight of the meal, we sampled chicken korma and vindaloo (this was very spicy but good). The entrees had huge chunks of chicken that were moist and tender. The meal was a little pricey (av. $16/entree), but very enjoyable. The restaruant had a lovely decor and the waiters were very attentive (if not slightly too attentive).
It was good, and the prices were great, but no matter how many times I tried to talk myself into it, I just didn't really like my food.  =(  It was extremely flavorful, but the flavors just didn't really work out for me.  That said, I wish I could have tried their buffet lunch (we were there at dinner), as I did like my husband's korma, and I loved the naan (though, honestly, I don't think I've ever come across a naan that I wouldn't devour in a few seconds flat).The ambience is nice, and the waiters are attentive-- almost too much, actually.  I think they filled my water glass about 10 times.  I shouldn't be complaining-- I was thirsty, especially because my food was spicy-- but it was a little awkward that the guy started basically standing near our table with the water pitcher! I'm sorry to say that I've had better Indian food, but I've also had *much, much* worse.
I'm taking it all in... with great joy.There's something about Midtown that just screams "stuffy"!!  (In a good way)... With a slight formal service I really was pleased to relax and savour the flavors from India.   You don't have to lift a pinky while dining because 3 waitstaff with serve your entrées and pour your beverages --Always steps ahead to see if anything else was needed. Very nice change from the Curry Hill neighborhood.Fun:Complimentary Papadums -tamarind sauce w/the right balance of sweet and sour.Palak paner -fresh homemade cottage cheese in a spinach puree.  Best tasting around, with a hint of spiciness.Naan soft leavened white bread cooked in a clay oven -could of skip this one, next time onion.Butter Chicken clay oven cooked dark meat chicken simmered in a tomato and onion sauce.  Rarely see this offered in the city, happy to report "thumbs up".Pickles mango, lemon and chili -this is a must!  This tied in all the flavors I was looking for.All my 5 senses were met here at Darbar  (for a regular dinner but my favorite still is Devi 8stars)
This establishment was phenomenal: in price, quality, service, atmosphere, ambiance, taste, all around. Came here with a party of three on a Sat night, and the portions were appropriate, and FULL of delicious flavors. Had Indian beer along with food, which complimented the meal tremendously. I personally LOVE super spicy foods, so I went for it & it was NOT disappointing. Super happy, worth every penny. 5*'s
(2.5 stars) One week later... Perhaps I chose poorly, but everything I sampled during my second visit tasted worse than that which I ate during the first.  The Meat Samosas were dry. The Potato Croquettes with Goat Cheese were unexciting. I expected the Garlic Naan to be tinged with the flavor, not overpowered by it. The bread arrived coated with the crushed vegetable, giving it a bitter, even unpleasant, taste. My entrée, the Goat Bhuna, was nowhere near as flavorful or delectable as the Lamb Melagu I finished off with ease last time. I got through two pieces and pushed the dish aside. It fared better with the drinks. The Mumm Taj, which comes in a tall glass, resembled a spiked smoothie. The Pomegranate Martini, which I asked them to tone down a bit during my order, turned out nice.  The servers were so attentive, they were verging on obsequious. They were trying so hard to keep us happy, resorting to pleasant chit-chat to keep us engaged. One even brought us a mango yogurt drink (I believe it's on the desert menu.) when he discovered that my mother and I had visited the week before. But as much as we tried, no one in our party could finish it.
I came here with a couple of friends and the service was very strange.. We had to wait a long time to order anything.   We sat in the middle table in the back room and there was a powerful light shining on us through the ceiling glass.  We couldn't believe how bright it was.. sort of reminded us of a sunlamp or a spotlight.   It was very difficult to ignore and I probably wouldn't return because of this crazy light.  The food was good, but only 3 stars because of the slow service and ridiculously powerful light.
The food at Darbar is probably as good as it gets when it comes to Indian food. I have visited only twice, but would dine here every night if I worked closer. They have a potato croquette with goat cheese that is so good I tried to make it myself the next night (very unsuccessful, but I had to try). I have sampled many of the dishes, thanks to my generous friends, and they have all been excellent. If the dish says it's spicy though, it's REALLY spicy so be careful there. The decor is very plain and simple upstairs, but I'm also so focused on the food and the incredible flavors and smells that I wouldn't care if I were eating in a giant shoe! If you love Indian food, or just any dish that's just bursting with flavor, try Darbar. It is very addictive.
We are fans of Indian food. We chose Darbar Grill, in part because of its location and by reading the previous reviews.Five of us had different main dishes and each was fresh each of the sauces tasted distinctly different while not taking over the main ingredients. (this is not always the case in other Indian restaurants) Service was great and environment conducive to conversation.Would have given the restaurant 5 stars, but the appetizers (okra and spinach) were mediocre)  We would definitely go back again! (which is the measure I always use when trying a new restaurant)
Nice spot for an AYCE lunch buffet. At $10.95 it's a pretty good deal, and the food is quite tasty. I definitely think it's one of the top buffets I have been to, although I am trying to avoid the AYCE train in the name of a non-Rubenesque figure. The bhel puri is good, albeit a bit mushy (although that tends to happen when it sits out for a while). The chicken tikka was delicious (that creamy sauce is such a weakness of mine.....quiet, perverts). The desserts are great too, overall fantastic. So why one star off? Because my one true love for Indian AYCE buffet is Ashoka, even though it's gone. Tear.
Very happy with my experience here. Menu had a lot of interesting dishes that I've never had at other Indian restaurants liked a fried okra appetizer with a tomato based chutney. I got a spicy chicken dish that was served in a tomato and eggplant based sauce. Chicken was very tender and the sauce was very flavorful. Excellent service and reasonable prices. Will be back.
First time trying indian food, it was alright! I loved the ambiance, nice music, clean, it looked pretty fancy and expensive but the prices were amazing! An entree was circa $12-17, i recommend the chicken sagaala (pretty sure i misspelt that) and the pina coladas! Service was alright too, the garçon places the food on your plate, the guy who took the orders looked a little bored and depressed but overall service was good, didn't take too long for thr food to come. A bill for two came less than $45, we ordered a loot! I would come back, but I'm not all that fond of indian food in general... But for those that are this place is pretty good.
Came here with a co-worker for the $10.95 all-you-can-eat buffet lunch.  I left with a glow of satiation so illuminating that the owner of the restaurant wished me luck that I would not pass out at my desk an hour later.  Needless to say, if you work in midtown and want to load up on all the classic Indian fare like tikka masala, naan, lamb vindaloo, samosas and dosas, then come here.  Plus, for dessert you must try the mango mousse--this creamy, fruity delight is easily on the brahma of dessert castes.  Believe-you-me, you will leave Darbar with your belly more enlightened than Siddartha himself.
you have got to be kidding me.i'll keep this short.  this is not an indian restaurant.  where's the cumin, the coriander, the cinnamon, the tumeric, the CURRY!  i can puree spinach with cheese at home any time, people.  i don't need to go to an indian restaurant for that.i'm thoroughly disappointed in this place and quite distrusting of new yorkers' taste.
I came here last week with my boyfriend who got a online discount meal deal (can't rmemeber which website). But anyway, it came with 2 drinks, 2 apps and 2 entrees and an order of naan. . Darbar was way nicer inside than I expected. Beautiful glass ceiling. I had an apple flavored cocktail, my boyfriend a glass of wine. We then split two apps - both good from what I remember. Then came dinner. I saw lobster tikka masala on the menu and I could not resist. I have never seen it before so why not? It was plated beautiful, the lobster shell sort of acting as a bowl for the yummy masala lobster goodness. The sauce was divine. The best flavor..the lobster was a little chewy but...the sauce made up for it. My boyfriend got a lamb chop dish that was really tasty too. This was a good place and I'd come back, but I think I prefer the less fancy place right next door ;).*edit* second visit just as good as the first - best tikka masala ever!
We were lucky enough to stumble upon this restaurant.  The lunch special ($10.95 per person, I believe) runs 7 days a week-- very hard to beat this on the upper east side.  The lunch buffet was pretty impressive, with chicken, goat, and multiple vegetarian selections.   I ordered a mango lassi to go with lunch; it was kind of meh.  But the food was so good, I quickly forgot about it.Our waiter was attentive and friendly, and brought a basket of delicious nan.  He was right on top of keeping our water glasses full.  Most impressively, he noticed that I had hardly touched my lassi, and comped us for it.  Nice!  Definitely recommend!
Pretty standard Indian buffet options. The food is generally good but they are not quick to refill empty dishes. You'll often find a lack of tandoori chicken or dessert. Vegetarian options are not great. The service is lacking and the hostesses can be a bit snippy or thoughtless. There are better choices in the area for the $ such as Chola or even Yuva.
Very good food and even better service. I have been the plenty of Indian restaurants and I like this one for sure.  I have a sensitive stomach, which was not always the case, and they altered to my satisfaction. After reading some reviews I thought the portions would be small, but they were sufficient for me. I even had enough food to take home. I will definitely go to this restaurant again.
The service is excellent, been there twice and still like the good attention! The appetizers are nice and good. Ok now to the entrees, soooo excellent my sis friend had a chicken curry and she loveeed it n i had this tandorri salmon n it was excellent, fish was done very nicely and o my gosh, THE GARLIC NAAN i was in heaven from head to toes, so soft n chewy n smell made my mouth water!!!
This restaurant has one of the best Indian food in the city. The food is not too spicy, but well seasoned. The taste is subtle and the food can be enjoyed by all. They catered at an event I organized and their service was great, very professional and accomodating. And, everybody at the event raved about the food! Their restaurant is really great, nice decor, reasonable prices, and delicious Indian food! Definitely try the chicken tikka masala and the reshmi kebab.
There are a few weeks in the year that I have the freedom to eat anything I want, when I want, with whomever I want.  This happens to be one of those weeks.I noticed that Darbar Grill was new to my neighborhood and since my spouse can't handle Indian food, this was my first visit in my week of freedom.Instead of the $10.95 "all you can eat" lunch, I chose to have a seven course non-vegetarian tasting menu.   My goodness... it was very, very good.  I'm ashamed to say I can't describe all of the food, spices or even the names of the food.  However, I can give you the web site link: darbargrillny.com/ShowMe…I know nothing about Indian food, so I can only tell you what I like and didn't like.  As stated prior, everything was good.  Highlights: the mango sorbet was fresh and refreshing, brought out as a palette cleanser before my trio of grilled shrimp, salmon and scallop; the spinach fritters and moong bean sprout was excellent; but my favorite... was the dessert.  According to the web site, it was gulab jamun.  It was lovely.My food was presented well.  The service attentive (except at the end). I left full and happy.  The only negative comments I have: there's a second floor that was left unheated and  I think it contributed to the chilly air in the restaurant; the bathrooms are on the 2nd floor only and the hot water didn't work when I washed my hands; delivery isn't free; and the entrees were heavily sauced. It's a decent addition to the neighborhood.
Yay! I'm a fan. I went here for a birthday dinner, and it was quite good! The price is reasonable, and the food is excellent. The number one thing I have to say, which is why my friend's husband kept saying, is that the food is not too oily. That is a complaint I often have when I go out to eat Indian food. However, it is perfect here, with a good blend of spices. However, they did get my order wrong - I had asked for mild, and they gave me medium spicy. My palate is not used to such hotness, and I felt a little burned.The service is very good. I had my water filled every time it got low. They are also very clean. I didn't see the bathroom, but the table was impeccable, and I watched them clear another table, and they are quick and clean about it. Dessert was good. I was boring this time and went for a conventional chocolate cake, rather than an Indian sort of dessert. No offense to Indian sweet lovers, but they are usually too sweet to me, or I am unable to handle the spices in sweets. Anyway, the chocolate cake was really good! The desserts are rather pricey, and I would actually have just skipped dessert if everyone else wasn't ordering one. I say - get appetizers, they are good! Anything  on the menu is good for entrees, but skip dessert, unless of course, everyone else is ordering and you don't want to be the odd one out!
This restaurant just opened a couple of months ago - what a great addition to the neighborhood!  My BF and I tried it on a whim because it was listed in restaurant.com and we were able to get a $25 gift certif for only $2. We happened to go the week after they opened, and they didn't have a liquor license (yet). Despite this, we had a wonderful meal trying the appetizer sampler (which was kind of on the small side for the price) and the Chicken Saagwala and Chicken La Jawab - both amazing and large portions with jasmine rice.  Have also tried this place for take-out/delivery and it was quick, with a sizable portion.  Took my parents to the daily lunch buffet for $10.50 which was phenomenal - great variety!  The waitstaff is super attentive and friendly.  On our first visit, the owner spoke with us about the liquor license issue and told us the story of how they are waiting - they now serve beer/wine but are still waiting for the other.  The atmosphere is classy with dark wood floors/furniture, but its a little drafty/chilly...Love this place - definitely worth a visit if you love Indian food.
We had a dinner party of twenty people last night.  The owner could not be more flexible and accommodating. He made the planning and entire event so easy and we felt very welcomed.  We were in the room upstairs which was very nice.  The food was fabulous and the server kind and patient. This place is a real find and may go overlooked since it is not on the curry hill strip.
I hate it when I hear this excuse from any establishment: "The website is out of date and needs to be updated." Especially, especially, when what the customer is asking for cost them next to nothing.We just picked up three lunch boxes and despite asking for raita multiple times and showing the manager their official website with it listed as an include side item, we were refused yogurt that would have cost them like 25 cents. Even before raita debacle, they had already been totally rude to us about what items we wanted in our boxes, but that was just the icing this bad cake needed. Never again.There's plenty of good Indian food available in midtown without obnoxious customer service.Also, I love my raita!
Came here with my husband on a snow day as to have something to do.This place I really liked. And the mango mousse is to die for. i think i ate half the bowl of it. The decor is nice as well. Service was nice. overall had a great experience, would come back
This is the best Indian food I've had. The prices are decent for the great quality of food and the service is pretty attentive. I've been here for dinner twice and I hope to try the lunch buffet one of these days. The ambiance is perfect for a date or a dinner for a nice occasion. They sometimes have 20% off promotions, so sign up to their list!
Weekday lunch buffet:$12 per personHow can you go wrong with that deal in a super clean two floor indian restaurant in midtown???I really liked this place. The buffet selections and food were very good- had almost every americanized indian food you craved/will crave for, like tandoori chicken, chickent tikka masala, goat masala, many chickpea and potato dishes, all served in steel heated containers. They also have a variety of random vegetable dishes with cucumbers, tomatoes, and corn. They also have about 4 kinds of Indian dessers including mango mousse, rice pudding, some verryyyyyy sugary dough thing, and cream caramel puddingThe service was excellent and attentive. I especially liked the cleanliness and how relaxed and quite the restaurant was--perfect for a long conversation with a friend or a business meeting!
We went to try the lunch buffet here and even with the reasonable price, and the "unlimited" nature of buffets, we still probably won't be tempted to come back. With a plethora of great Indian food options in the city, Darbar Grill just didn't impress. We've been hearing about this place ever since moving here through positive word of mouth, so maybe that built up the expectations. But at the end of the day, this place does not really make the cut in my books.
Used Yelp to find to this place while visiting NYC. Very good buffet - it's obvious because the place is packed at lunch. I'm from Pittsburgh and not used to having as many meat dishes on an Indian Buffet as this. The deserts were really good as well. Overall a great place for a quick lunch in Midtown. Can't beat it.
First let me say that I don't really like Indian Food, but this place is the exception. Though there were some things a couldn't recognize, I liked them anyway. So I do highly recommend this place even if you dislike indian food, there is something there for everyone
Lovely restaurant, but I've had much better (and much less expensive) Indian food.  The entrees were entirely too salty.
first off. i already know where the best Indian food in manhattan is. when i looked for what could have been the most reliable indian buffet it was only because i really wanted to pig out and not go broke. As the age old phrase goes "you get what you pay for". this food was weak and uninspiring. the tiki masala was beyond bland and made with ALL dark meat! GROSSS!!!! the cherry mouse desert was most definitely made of cool whip, instant pudding and sugar. if youre serious about indian food go down lexington ave around 28th st. those places are all legit. my favorite of all time is Curry Leaf located on Lex and 27th.
My must stop by place in the city every 4 months when I have my doctor's appointment...I prefer their vegetarian dishes or tandori chicken. selection is great and the price is right.
I was charged $20 for an item that's listed here on Yelp as $16. Apparently that's a thing! Makes no sense!!!
This place has lost much of the spice and flavour essential to Indian food. I went here today after around 3-4 months. Bland paneer, dal AND tandoori chicken. Basically, they got everything wrong.If you have any interest in getting any flavour, go to Omar's across the street or even basic ramen. Better than bland food here.
A great buffet-style Indian restaurant. The dine-in experience here is wonderful, but I often choose the take-out lunch special for both its expediency and its price. I mix it up every time I eat here because it is all tasty, and I sometimes treat myself to the Mango Lassi. 4 out of 5 because sometime I wish the food had a little more kick to it. Not sure if they are appealing to a more bland audience, but none-the-less I love their food and service.
This review is for buffet.  Solid 4 for meats but if veggie dishes are critical for you i wouldn't come here.. Seating area was comfy and nice decor.. good music and good customer service.  I came at 140 on a Friday.. food was quite good.  The tendori had a nice flavor and cooked well.  Masala also good flavor but very mild.  In general everything was too mild for me i like spicy so that is my only complaint.  Curry goat was but i was impressed they even have it in the buffet.  Also a few veggie dishes that were ok.. Ive had better.. last but not least I really liked it how they bring you fresh hot naan instead of having it out cold like some other places. Also Desserts could be better maybe fruit but most places are like this anyway.. overall a good experience.
Best Indian food by far. We had the lunch buffet and tried most things, all are delicious.
Fantastic Indian food interpretation. My girlfriend and I stopped in after a night out and about. She ordered the lamb biryani and I, the chana masala. The masala was excellent, not too sweet or creamy. We also ordered rosemary naan which had excellent flavor. You can tell that the food comes from a smaller, in tuned kitchen with its complex tastes. I even ordered a chana saag and more naan to go. The service staff is also very attentive. I would order a beer or basic cocktail if you're looking for alcohol. Specialty cocktails are not their forte. However I know I'll be back for more Indian fare very soon!
Speedy delivery AND great food.  Win-Win!!!I ordered a chicken korma and a garlic naan bread and both were awesome.  Korma is very rarely spicy, but Darbar kicked it up a notch.  The portion was pretty big too and came with enough rice to last me a week.  Flavorful, filling, and delicious.The garlic naan was great too and not soggy by the time it arrived at my apartment, a huge plus in my book.  I've read about Darbar many times and always knew it would be good so I'm more than happy it lived up to my expectations.
Overall pretty mediocre and not a great value for the price. Ordered the samosa, chicken tikka, and lamb biryani. The chicken tikka was the best dish we ordered, and everything else was meh. Also didn't love the setup of the restaurant - ugly fluorescent lighting at the front tables and way too dim at the back. On the bright side, the waiters were accommodating when we asked to move tables because a drunk man was speaking very loudly at the bar and we couldn't hear ourselves think. Free naan deal through Yelp was also sweet.
Their lunch buffet is $14.95 plus tax/tip. It's not $12.00 as someone else mentioned.
I was traveling and craving Indian. I found this place and was really impressed. The atmosphere was great with a bar and table seating, music, and great deco. I sat at the bar had a great chat with another traveler who had just finished. I asked what he ordered and he raved about the lamp chops and warned of the portion sizes. I wanted fish and opted for the Fish Curry. It was delicious! The portion size was perfect since I didn't order any apps. That chickpea and cumin bread like stuff that I can never remember the name of came before the meal with some dips and that was perfect over an app. The fish curry was nicely spiced; warm and full of flavor, not too over the top. The rice was nice and fluffy to go with the curry. The owner and staff was attentive, funny, and really made the experience.
Great authentic vindaloo. A breath of fresh air compared to all the new American around this part of town. Comfort food and great waitstaff.
Brought my British boyfriend and he approved! I've never tried salmon tikka masala, but it was excellent. Their mango chutney is definitely large enough for 3-4 people and we were spoiled. The owner was genuine and caring. Definitely check it out while you are in town!
Came here with a friend for the Buffet. He said that his company always comes here for goodbye parties. I really liked their buffet offerings. I think it is really hard to mess up Indian food in general because of all the spices. This is a more dressy place because it is near a lot of companies. It looks like lots of people that work in the area come here. I was probably under dressed but they didn't say anything. I was visiting NY and was leaving right after so there isn't much I could do with the dress.
Great service but very tough meat dishes ! Vegetarian dishes were better but disappointing when the name has "grill" as part of the name !
Ordered butterchicken with garlic naan. The delivery was on time. I havent actually sat down in the restaurant but im writing this, because hopefully the owner would read into their butter chicken recipe. I ordered the butter chicken with some garlic naan. The sauce was great but my gripe was with the chicken in the entree. Other places ive tried seemed to use different parts of chicken but this place seemed to use chicken breast thats dry and without the sauce, not much flavor in the actual meat. The naan was on the thin side, i wish it was thicker or came with more servings for the 5 bucks i paid. Im still giving 3 stars but this was a minor disappointment. Id give it 3.5 stars if i could. Ill still order from here but i cant gice it 5 stars. After ordering another time sometime in the future ill change my review. So until then, this place is still worth going to for the food alone. Not sure about the service as ive not been inside the restaurant.
The restaurant was upscale and very nice. The food was good and the service was fine.
Always high on my list of places to eat whenever I visit NYC. As a Brit, I feel I know a thing or two about good Indian Food and this place ticks all the boxes for me. Great tastes, correctly spiced and a wide range of choices. Often order variations on dishes they have and they always accommodate my request.
We landed here because of a good Yelp rating, and we were not disappointed. It did however take a long time for the server to visit our table. Overall the service was decent, it just lacked the usual pleasantries we're accustomed to from good waiters. The server just walked up to our table and looked at us until we ordered, no introduction, no greeting, no "Can I get you some drinks?". However, the food was outstanding! We had vegetable samosas and Garlic and Cheese Naan for appetizers, and Chicken Tikka Masala for dinner. I would definitely recommend this place to others. Perhaps the wait staff will have attended charm school by then.
Just ordered from here using UberEATS and I have to say it was a complete home run! I haven't been to the actual location, but the food that was brought to my hotel was fantastic. I ordered the boti kabob, tandoori chicken, and garlic naan - all were great! Sometimes when you order from UberEATS without going to the actual location it's hard to give a fair evaluation, but in this instance I can say I would definitely order again, and I look forward to going to the restaurant. Slam dunk!
Great food with excellent service. I love  the butter chicken and garlic naan bread in particular, but the choices and variations in offerings abound. The owner is everywhere and personally supervises from the bar to the kitchen to the diner's delight. Try it!!
Was looking for an Indian restaurant near Bloomies and found this place on opentable. My friends and I met up for dinner on a Monday night, so the place was empty on arrival. My only gripes with the service here was that none of us were in a mood to drink alcohol, but our waiter kept trying to push a bottle of wine on us on at least three different occasions, SO PUSHY. Step off dammit! For starters, we ordered something called Bhel and Meat Samosas. The description for Bhel said that it would be some kind of rice puff, but when it came out, honestly it looked like a really bad ball of crispy Asian noodles with some rice crispies stuck inside. We hoped it was more appetizing than it looked, but it was not. The meat samosas were average, but a bit dry inside. Next time, I think we'll go with veggie samosas instead. For entrees, we ordered Chicken tikka, Tandoori mixed grill and Chili chicken. The chicken tikka was absolutely delicious, I wish I had gone with my gut and ordered that also, because I ended up taking all of my friend's dish! The tandoori mixed grill comes with chicken, salmon and something else (I forget). This place really knows how to cook their chicken, perfectly spiced and not dry at all. Unfortunately, the Chili Chicken dish tasted like something i would get at my local Chinese take-out. I don't know what it was, but I don't think it belongs on an Indian menu.
I was there with my friend yesterday. The food was par excellence with the good atmosphere ..really enjoyed the good indian food after long time .
I was looking for an Indian restaurant to satisfy my craving. I found this one, and decided to enter. It was clean, and was only twelve dollars for an all you can eat buffet. The food was great!!! The curries were spicy, and the desserts were really good (I highly recommend the honey balls). The service was also good. My stomach was stuffed and my craving was fulfilled. I will come back here again.
Just your standard middle of the road but better Indian place. If you don't want to take any chances this is probably the place top go.
They catered for my wedding on July 17th, 2010. Food and service was excellent. Did not nickle and dime us. Mike and his manager Niranjan were very responsive and understanding to all our requests. Will recommend in a heartbeat. Thank you Mike for making our wedding a memorable event for us and our guests.Suggestion - Naan/Bread was little cold  and chewy - not as fresh as hotly prepared ones as it wasn't made on premises. Not sure what can be done about it when no tandoor ovens are available at the venue. But overall it did its job.
So I went here Friday night with someone because we read the reviews on here and wanted to check it out.  The place was not packed at 9pm which was great! The food was good, fresh and full of flavor. i would tell anyone who likes Indian to try this place. The only downfall is that the drinks were not good.
We ordered through seamless. It came within the time frame. The vegetable samosas were good. As was the basmati and naan, but how can you really screw those up?  We ordered palak paneer and chole. The palak paneer was inedible. It tasted like soap and if I had to guess I would say that it wasn't cooked long enough because the spices were not blended with the spinach.  It I wherein the restaurant I would have sent this back to the kitchen.  The chole was average, more greasy and watery than expected. It probably needed to be cooked for longer.  We ordered both dishes medium spicy and the Chole had a nice strong spiciness to it - the palak had none.
This is a very nice place to go for lunch or dinner, I actually like the food from this Darbar place better than the one on 46th.  The food was delicious I just wish they would give you more NAAN!!  If your going there expecting oustanding desserts I'm sorry to dissappoint you but you might want to try another place. The mango mousse was okay and the cheesecake was ok. The only thing I found utterly disgusting was the rice pudding, stay away from it and if you fail to heed my warning that's your own fault.   Other than that enjoy the food, it is really good!
My wife and I had the $12 buffet lunch and it was the best Indian lunch we've ever enjoyed. Nothing was overly spicy and every dish (and there were many, including chicken tikka masala, goat, fish, and several vegetarian dishes) had a unique and enjoyable flavor. There were even 5 different desserts!  Definitely our new favorite!!!
Great food,makes me tired because it tastes so good.they even put the food on your plate , but only the first dose.
This place is great and it deserves all the props that it can get.  I walked by it the week it opened last year and have been back several times since.  The lunch buffet is unbeatable at $10.95.  You get a choice of three items and fresh naan. The chicken tikka masala and daal are excellent.  The dinner time experience is great too.  Overall if you're looking for authentic Indian food at a nice place for a reasonable price, this place is hard to beat.
So delicious!  And the service was superb!  We had garlic naan, tandoori chicken, chicken curry, palak paneer, and cassata for dessert.  All was absolutely delicious.  The ambiance is quiet and dark with white table cloths - great place for a romantic dinner or even a business meal.  (On a side note... Even though the ambiance and decor was upscale, we did not feel uncomfortable in our casual clothes.)  They have a nice bar and the upstairs would be great for a private event.  We'll definitely be back!
Fantastic buffet, some of the best Indian i've ever had, at a great price. Double double thumbs up, I wish my neighborhood Indian joint in the bay area California was as good! You ny folks are lucky, patronize this stellar restaurant today because it was fantastic quality, especially for how low their buffet is. Buffet even included a dedicated employee who did NOTHING but make you fresh, delicious dosas. I've never in my life seen that, it's almost like seeing a unicorn.Practically a gourmet quality buffet, great restaurant.
Excellent choice for Midtown Indian Food.  The Lamb Rogan Josh and the veg Palak Paneer in particular were terrific.  Best Nan anywhere .  Prices are very reasonable, ambience most relaxing and pleasant and great wait staff.    We will definitely return and recommend Darbar to our freinds.
Best Indian Food that I've ever eaten. We got there early at about 11:40, and were immediately seated. At $12, the lunch buffet was full of a great variety of wonderfully prepared, fresh dishes. I was very impressed with their wide variety of chutney, and a huge selection of desserts. I could have eaten a ton more if I didn't need to be coherent at my afternoon meetings. Great stuff, highly recommended.
Being an Indian, I am not easily pleased by what all these Indian restaurants have to offer..however, I must say Darbar Grill has become one of our favorites..It has become our go to place for Indian food in the city..The food is authentic, flavorful, and service is great..their Beet Malai Koftas are AMAZING! During our last visit, the owner was kind enough to offer us complimentary dessert (which I must say was the most creative Indian dessert I have ever eaten in my life - layers of gulab jamun, flan and a cookie! - their chef has to be a genius to invent that). Overall, quite impressed by the food, service, and ambiance! And most importantly, they aren't crazily overpriced as the other restaurants in the city - gotta love that! This review is only for dinner, not for lunch buffet!
The mulligatawny soup and bhel (appetizer) were pretty average. The eggplant in sauce entreé and the fish curry were amazingly delicious. Worth a second try.
butter chicken was phenomenal. ambiance was classy.service was two big thumbs down. our waiter was horribly inattentive, unavailable, and spilled water over our table. at the end of the meal, he came over with his arms crossed and grumpily asked if we were going to order dessert.uhm, really? no thanks, dude. i would consider take out of the butter chicken but will stick to curry hill for the complete indian dining experience.eta: after the posting of my review, the manager contacted me, wanting to know more about my experience and offering to rectify the situation. i was very impressed by the initiative he took and will certainly return when i have an opportunity to in the future.
Food was very good.  Everything was nicely seasoned and tasty.  The color of the food was very vibrant and appetizing.  The service was very good!  The room was quite dark, good for a nice romantic dinner.
The service was great, and the food was better than average. I found it a little too salty though.
One of the best Indian restaurant I've been to. Very fresh food. Great sooji halwa (desert).
i really like Indian food but this place was not one of the best that i had. the place is beautiful , the service was great and they were very accommodating. the food was just not that great ...
What a great place for lunch!  All you can eat buffet for 3 people cost less than $40!  The food was authentic, the setting was fabulous (white tablecloths and waiter service) and all at a great price in midtown.  Highly recommended!
My boyfriend had never tried Indian food (I know... shocking) so on a recent trip to NYC, we decided to find an Indian restaurant with a good lunch buffet.  I figured that was the best way for him to try a little bit of everything.  Upon arrival,  the place was pretty empty on a Saturday afternoon.  The service was a little slow, considering a majority of the restaurant was empty and there appeared to be more then enough help.  It was freezing that day, so we both ordered hot tea to warm up - which we later saw was $3 for one cup.  No refills, apparently.  The food from the buffet was delicious - the chicken masala was our favorite and I particularly enjoyed some of the cold salads which names I can't recall.  We weren't sure what to do with all the condiment sauces, and one of the waiters kindly explained.  We went through the buffet twice, trying a little bit of several items and unfortunately didn't save any room for dessert.  Around $30 for lunch in Midtown, which is phenomenal.  The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the service was painfully slow.  They weren't quick to refill my water glass and we had to wait... and wait... and wait on our check.  Regardless, I'd still go again.
LUNCH BUFFET  --- This is the reason why you go to Darbar Grill.  This place takes the traditional stock and trade of most Indian restaurants and elevates it to a slightly higher level and thus the reason it has a large loyal following and is typically packed.The items on Indian lunch buffets tend to all taste the same after awhile and Darbar Grill is quite successful in avoiding this trap.  Overall larger variety than I am used to seeing on an Indian lunch buffet with many types of cold salads and all the condiment sauces one could desire.  I supposed the made to order Dosa station is an added plus though I can't comment as I was stuffed from the buffet itself.  The large variety of desserts is another place where Darbar Grill shines and hopefully they are aware of this fact and will maintain the large desert offering (I overheard one woman saying to her dining companions that she was glad they got there early that particular day because all of the desserts would still be there for them to try so clearly it is an aspect of the buffet that others enjoy).Darbar Grill could probably do pretty well being all buffet all the time as they seem to have mastered the concept and execute it fantastically.  If you have a group of more than 3 go earlier rather than later as this place fills up almost instantaneously.
I went for the buffet ($10.95) which was an amazing deal.  You are not going to find many reviews for this place since it opened just a few months ago but it has a reasonably classy interior and a particularly classy spread for the buffet.All of the standards in addition to a variety of chutneys were available.  The service was nice and attentive and I especially liked the mango dessert -- it was among one of the best I've had (in addition to a pear based desert, and rice pudding).I've been to a wide variety of indian buffets in my life and this was among the best and also the least expensive
Awful experience at this place. (Thanks Yelpers, you guys let me down this time). Being that I have not had Indian food since I was a child, I thought I'd try out a new place. I'm not an expert on Indian food at all so I did a small amount of research on some food terms, ingredients, and things like that. I looked at the menu the night before and I planned on doing the tasting menu so I could have a bit of everything. Now, I do have a nut allergy but none of the dishes on the tasting menu mentioned any nut ingredients so I was happy about that although I planned on asking when I got there. So the next day I went there and we were greeted by a caucasian (perhaps Russian) blonde haired, blue eyed hostess. Weird. I should've known something was wrong then. Anyway, when we were ready to order I told the waiter I wanted to do they tasting menu, but even though it is not noted here, are there any nuts in any of those dishes. Well he said, "Oh, this is going to be a problem because there are nuts in everything on the tasting menu. But do you want me to ask the chef?" So I said, "Yes". He also said how the whole process was an hour, to which I replied, "Well it is seven courses isn't it?" So he came back and says the chef said everything on the tasting menu had nuts. At this point I was irritated because it was hard for me to believe that all 20 or so dishes had nuts in them. So I chose the basic lamb tikka masala- guess what? The waiter said that had nuts in it too! At that point I asked him to show me anything on the menu that did not include nuts. He actually said everything did. At that moment I thought that they did not want to serve me for some reason because they were not being accommodating at all. I think the waiter sensed my frustration and offered to ask the chef if he could make me a special sauce. How nice. I ended up having lamb tikka masala (or lamb whatever), naan, and raita. The lamb dish was hot and I basically had to drench it in the raita. We then had to wait forever for them to bring the check, and no one said thank you for coming, etc. Actually I think the hostess may have said bye but it was in Russian. I'd say skip this place. They are rude and VERY unaccommodating. I also don't believe all 100 dishes on their menu contained nuts. Total waste of money.
I am so glad that we tried this place based on their listing on restaurant.com (you get a $25 gift certificate for $10 or less).  Awesome.  Have been there twice and planning to go back and bring more people.They bring you this flaky indian cracker at the beginning of your meal with a choice of chutneys.Have had the chicken tikka masala and a goat curry and both were delicious.  Portions are pretty reasonable (not one of those places where you only get 4 small pieces of meat and lots of gravy).  Dishes come with rice, but the naan is pretty good also.  Prices are a few dollars higher than the online menu from their website.  I think chicken dishes are $16 and lamb/goat are $18.
Their lunch buffet is fantastic and even includes small made-to-order dosas.  Although dessert is not part of the buffet, if you've room for any by the end of your meal, just waddle half a block down toward lexington: the dessert truck now parks there (12-3PM) on weekdays.
Just finished the buffet lunch. Quality food a a reasonable price. Although the selection of food was not vast the quality was very good. Both the chicken jalfrazie and goat madras were flavourful and tasted as i had been cooking for hours. The Dosa and Tandoori were better than Minar or Brick Lane. And the most important thing is that the ambiance won't leave you like you've been riding the Mumbai express for 6 hours.
The aloo gobi had no spice and tasted like canned tomatoes and ketchup.  The lemon rice was bland and a little sour.  Bhajias were surprisingly good but soggy, as was the naan.
This is the best Indian food I have had.  Had dinner with a colleague.  The food, service, atmosphere, and price were all excellent!  Had the Chicken Tikka Masala, Garlic Naan bread, and Veggie Samosa appetizers.  Definitely coming back to this place!
Having worked for 7 yrs in Curry Hill, I'm a big consumer of Indian food...and Darbar, in midtown, was fantastic. The food was creative and delicious without leaving behind authentically Indian spicing and cooking techniques. I eat everything but visited with a vegetarian friend, so can only vouch for the veggie dishes.I really enjoyed everything we ate - all at the recommendation of the owner, who was wandering the hall and was super-friendly. - Crunchy Okra: slivers of lightly fried okra were very different, and much better, than what I'd been expecting- Beetroot Malai Kofta: rich, creamy sauce over balls of chopped beet - one of the best things I've had in the city in months, and beautifully presented, to boot- Dal Fry: simple and flavorful lentilsWe lapped up every bite and will certainly be back soon!
This place has some of the best Indian food I've ever had, period.  For starters, my wife and I shared veggie samosas, which come with a delicious sauce of the chef's own creation (highly recommended).  For entrees, I had the chicken tikka marsala and my wife had the fish moilee.  The chicken in my Tikka Marsala was very tender and the sauce was as good as I've had in any other Indian place.  My wife thought the fish was very tender, the sauce was delicious, light, not oily, and very well done.  To finish, we shared a bowl of Kheer, which was sweet, delicious, cool, and smooth going down.The waiter service was exemplary.  The waiters were extremely attentative (in fact, the waiter responsible for refilling our water may have been TOO attentative, but better that than the opposite), friendly, and helpful.  Once we were done with our meal, they switched to European style service- they leave you alone to sit, talk, and digest until you signal someone for the check.The restaurant is also not without ambiance.  They have two floors, each of which are fairly spacious.  The decor was simple, but tasteful, and the lighting was low, creating an intimate atmosphere at our table.  Of course it also helped that the restaurant was (surprisingly) empty at ~8pm on a Friday night.Lastly, the price was right!  Without alcohol, our total for an appetizer, two entrees, and a shared desert came out to about $60.I highly recommend this restaurant, which stands out even in the face of other good restaurants (Shun Lee [Chinese] and Ginger [Japanese]) located steps away on the same block.  Also, be on the watch for their Sunday buffet- we haven't tried it yet, but we eagerly anticipate enjoying an all-you-can-eat buffet for $10.95 with food of this quality!
After years of searching, I have found the best biriani in New York, indeed the best biriani I have ever tasted.  Biriani is a complex dish, requiring much work and great subtlety to bring all its many ingredients into perfect balance.  Darbar Grill gets it precisely, sublimely right.
Have been here a few times and it has been consistently good and the staff really friendly and helpful.  First time came for lunch with a colleague and the buffet was an excellent introduction to their menu.  Have been there since for early dinner and have never been disappointed.
I had the best Indian food I've ever tasted at Darbar Grill. My dining companion agreed. The service was superb as well. I recommend this place very highly to all Indian food lovers. I even tried an Indian wine (a Shiraz), which was different than others I've had but quite good.
Ok, so I need to admit first off that I am an Indian food virgin. Besides the Indian wedding I attended a few years ago, I have not had any Indian food since- weird, because I reallllyy like food and eat out a lot! So anyway, my friend Marina G. suggested this as a start start-out place, and it was. I was also able to get a 25 dollar coupon for 2 bucks from restaurant.com. It was 2 couples, $66 per couple, after the coupon, so not a cheap place, just a bit pricey but we ordered a lot! I am definitely a fan of the Cheese and Garlic naan (the butter one not so much), I thought the Chicken Tandoori was ehh, as were the Chicken Samosas, but I am honestly not a chicken fan. I really liked the Lamb dish (wish I couldnt tell you what the name was -  it was super tender) and the vegetarian dish with the lentils and beans was pretty good as was the Meatball beet thing (Mala Keftka...haha ...so now you see I am really an Indian food newbie). Anyway, I tried to remember the dishes but it has failed but that just means I have to give it another try- I could definitely see being into Indian food. So Marina asks the waiter to make our dishes "not white people spicy, but Indian spicy"...well for me it was wayy too spicey (newbie reference again) , I guzzled down 5 glasses of water in 30 minutes and the Martini that at first tasted super strong, tasted like pure sugar at the end of the meal compared to all the spices in the food. So long story short,  1) I am glad I started my Indian food journey here, 2) I will definitely order "white people" spicy next time I go and 3) I'd recommend giving this place a try - I myself am thinking about coming back for the lunch buffet one day . P.S. Those sugared herb thingies you take on your way out - wowzers my mouth tasted like perfume til the next morning, like someone like poured half of a bottle of cheap perfume in my mouth..weird but I heard they help with the digestion and let's say I definitely needed help with that..
Totally empty on a saturday? Food was excellent though.  Had the usuals (tikka masala, saag paneer, dal, aloo gobi) and everything was exellent.  Hope it lasts
Yummy food, great pricing, and speedy delivery - can't get any better that this.I ordered the vegetable samosa (2 per order) for $5.00 and the lamb rogan josh which was $16.00. The entree came with basmatic rice which was interesting - a sweet and coconuty flavor. At first I was a bit taken back by it but the more I had it, the more I couldn't stop having it. The rice mixed with the lamb was one of the most combinations I have ever had. The lamb was very tender and the dish was very flavorful, savory, etc. The portion size was rather decent as well. I saw that in the past, there were 3 vegetable samosas per order so was a bit disappointed that I'd only be getting two with my order but geez these samosas were massive. Packed with filling and perfectly fried. The sauces that also came with my order were amazing as well. I definitely plan on coming in for the lunch buffet sometime soon so I can try many of their amazing dishes at once!
As a desi person I usually don't go to Indian places but I loved being here. I'm always a sucker for chicken makhni and this place didn't disappoint. It was properly spicy (just fyi - I follow Indian spice ratings, not American), and the gravy was divine. The chicken was nice and tender, too - not overcooked and I'm pretty sure it could stand alone without the gravy.
We were there on a Tuesday night and the the place was completely empty.Even though there was no one the service was really bad. They dont even check us out And the food was not even an average indian food compared to other indian restaurants. Worst service and worst food i have ever had in NY
We took some friends to Darbar Grill for dinner one Saturday night.  We had Chana Saag (Chick peas and spinach), Mutter Paneer, Mango Chicken, Chicken Tika Masala and Goan Fish Curry. Everything was delicious. The servers were attentive and courteous. The place is narrow, but has a nice cozy ambiance. We enjoyed the dinner very much and would highly recommend to anyone wanting to enjoy Indian food.
Had boxed lunch with tandoori chicken, chicken tikka curry , butter naan and rice . Food was tasty. Would like to go again
I don't know much about Indian food nor am I the master of all spices, but out of the many times I've visited Darbar, I've never been disappointed.Darbar has a very affordable and accessible lunch buffet for the midtown lunch crowd. It also has very speedy deliveries via seamless. By dinner, Darbar transforms itself to a mcfancypants restaurant. The inside resembles a fine steakhouse: elegant and classy. I'm talking about white table clothes and folded napkins, white gloves on waiters and exposed bricks on walls (haha, if you care). For the price you will pay for the atmosphere and food, it probably has the best value for its location. Indian food isn't that cool with the younger non-indian crowd so you can avoid the annoying hip crowd of izakaya and speak-easy kids. That's a plus in my book.The food is fantastic. I'm a Southern Chinese kid who likes things mild, and there are more than enough options here thats easy on the stomach and tongue, like the salmon curry and the usual chicken tikka masala. The butter chicken serves as a nice American spin if you need to maintain your overweight BMI like me. The choices for naan is plenty. I've only tried the cheese and garlic naan and the regular garlic naan and they're both good. What really hits it home for me is the delicious biryani rice that comes with the curry. I was happy to eat the rice with just the curry sauce with no proteins at all.The service is nice, even though its funny how they switch from formal mcfancypants to super casual gestures sometimes. Sure its not the service you would receive from michelin restaurants but the heart is definitely there. For Indian food lovers, I recommend Darbar (and I'm looking for fellow Indian food lovers in midtown :( )
My favorite Indian buffet. Great price and the food is consistently delicious -- I've been here several times now and am always satisfied. And by satisfied I mean so full I can't exactly walk but it's worth it because the food is really good. The staff is always friendly which is a big plus as well, and they're knowledgable about allergies (or, at least, have been good about telling me what has gluten - have never gotten sick).
Turns out their head chef - Chef John - takes the time to read these reviews.  He called me the day after I posted my original review, asked me to give a bit more clarity on the exact issues with my meal, very politely and sincerely apologized, and offered to re-make my order himself, for delivery at whatever time was most convenient for me.He explained that, while it was no excuse for the quality of my meal, he was dealing with an emergency situation while their newest sous - still in training - prepared my meal.This happens.Chef John was true to his word, and took every note of my review into consideration when creating my new meal.  Everything was on point.  Delicious, brothy yet creamy Mulligatawny, and tremendous Biryani with fluffy rice, tender lamb, caramelized onions, and lamb that pulled apart gorgeously with a fork.That kind of service and care for his work, and the reputation of his business, definitely puts Darbar Grill back on my radar.  And I can, most definitely, recommend that you give them a try!
I went here for dinner with friends one Tuesday night. The place is huge - the main (ground floor) always has a good number of patrons, but for both times I've been to Darbar at this location (I also went for a Sunday brunch) the second floor was completely empty. That being said if you have an absurdly large party this place is more than capable of seating everyone.The décor is nice and would constitute a solid date spot. Despite the main floor being a ground floor I never got the sense we were technically in a mostly windowless (aside from the entrance) basement.The service here is excellent. I felt like there was a mini-entourage of servers tending to us the entire time with water, food, etc. Major props to Darbar for this.I enjoyed my chicken korma. The sauce was as delicious as I'd come to expect from Indian restaurants, and the chicken was tender. And as a bonus when you check in on Yelp here for the first time you get a free order of naan (limit one per table), so be sure to take advantage of that. The pricing ($17) is similar to other Manhattan Indian restaurants I've been to - it would be nice if it were cheaper, but given the location is unsurprising.I have vague memories of Sunday brunch here from a year and a half ago where nothing stood out, but my second trip here was much better. I enjoyed my dish more and got to appreciate the service.
Worst Indian buffet I have ever eaten, unfortunately we went by the reviews and got stuck here. Almost empty restaurant on a Sunday afternoon, only people eating were the staff. Food looked stale and very limited food choices. I would never eat here again, very disappointed.
Really fantastic food - impeccable service. Totally top notch. Generous wine pours, too.
Darbar recently catered my wedding and they were amazing throughout the entire process. Besides the food being terrific, Mike helped us with wedding planning far beyond what was included in the(incredibly affordable) price and helped us make sure our 100+ guests had a great time. Mike treated us with the same attention that I would expect from a much more expensive affair. The entire wedding was fairly DIY with a very raw space; it would have been hard to pull it off without Mike's attentive help and willingness to answer questions. We emailed him constantly with questions that went way beyond his service, and he always knew what we should do. On the day of, he noticed any problems before they happened and took care of it so we could enjoy ourselves. Service was perfect, the food was enjoyed even by the Indian food naysayers (this was a non-Indian wedding), and everything went off without a hitch. We got so many compliments on the food! Before the wedding, we both visited this location two times and had a great meal both times. Mike and his team also came to the space, way out in Brooklyn, to see how they would set everything up. I still periodically have dreams in which I am eating the beatroot malai kofta--I awake with drool on my pillow.To anyone wanting catering or just a meal, this is your place!
High quality and tasty.  Their garlic naan was excellent.  Chicken tikka marsala also very good.  They have a cold salad plate that tasted like a health salad I would get at the second avenue deli.  We went for a catered party and the service was on point.  The restaurant has two levels and we used the entire upstairs which was spacious enough for 40 people.
Stopped by for dinner with a friend as we were both craving Indian food. The place was very dark and almost completely empty on a Saturday night, which made us a bit apprehensive, but the food and service turned out to be great, so maybe they just haven't been doing a good job marketing themselves or getting word of mouth!I ordered the salmon tikka masala, since I almost always order chicken tikka masala at Indian restaurants and wanted to branch out a little but not too much haha, and we shared an order of the cheesy garlic naan. The cheesy garlic naan was amazing! If you're a fan of cheese and garlic (as I am) then you will love it and you must order it. It tasted great dipped into my masala sauce. The servers will serve you your dish for you when it arrives, spooning it onto your plate, which made me feel very classy. They were also constantly checking up on us, and hovering nearby in case we needed anything the whole time we were there. Recommended!
Food was amazing and The Service was exceptional.  They serve you constantly and The place is nice.
I love watching my dad eat. Being exposed to nothing but Asian cuisines and bad cruise ship buffets, he really had no idea what any other cuisine is. Instead of trekking down to Chinatown for mediocre dim sum , my fiancé and I decided to take my dad out to try some Indian food. Since my dad is a big eater and I wasn't quite sure what he would enjoy the most, we decided the best way to go was a buffet. I did a fast yelp search and found darbar grill 4 stars + in 5 mins walking distance. We arrived around 12:30 and there were only 3 occupied tables. We worried initially as we were being seated that the food wouldn't be fresh/had been sitting. But after a taste of my first plate, I was ready for second, third and fourth plate! Every dish they served at the buffet station was delicious. I'm not much of a meat eater but I couldn't help but kept returning for more fall off the bone tandoori chicken and the super tender chicken tikka masala! The cauliflower stir fry, fries potato?, and yellow daal complement the meat. And I couldn't help but try all the sauces at the pari pari station. My dad loved their goat curry so much that he had 3 full plates along with extra sauce to go with the toasty buttery naan they brought to our table. After 3 plates of amazing savory goodness, I went on to try the 3 desserts - caramelized pudding, mango pudding, and the dough in syrup? I found the caramelized pudding and dough to be a tad too sweet. instead I went back for second serving of mango pudding and then ....some more tandoori chicken hehe 13.95 pp before tax and tip lunch buffet - definitely a great deal especially with the quality and its location - my hood! Who needs to trek down to Murray hill? Or Gramercy? Service was so on point too - constant water refill and every time I returned to my table, the plates were already cleared. Will definitely return when my mom visits, she needs to find out what she missed out on on my dad's solo trip!
The buffet food exceeds expectations.  The place is immaculate and the staff is attentive.   The lunch buffet is a bargain. The Curry fish rules!
I ordered delivery from here and the food was great and delivery was pretty fast! But beware - I love spicy food and ordered my lamb vindaloo spicy and sure enough it was REALLLY spicy!! I could barely eat it without drinking a full glass of water! Super good just need to make sure to not order the spiciest level next time :)The butter chicken is also really tasty and portions are also very big!!! I had food leftover for the next day which was great!
We went here for the 4th time and it has always been outstanding. However this time, for the first time, a couple of the meals we ordered seemed "paste based" rather than true curry with meat cooked in a sauce. So much so that I would not order them again if I went back.My great memories were spoiled by this.
Since I have been there more than 20 times, I have to review this place. The food is good , hot ( most of the times). The place os well decorated and clean .Staff is very knowledgeable and on top of their service, hot amazing bread all the time.I have managed to get plenty of my coworkers their and they loved it. - Good for a business meal or romance as well.
Brought a party of about 15 here to celebrate an engagement. The food was absolutely amazing, especially the Butter chicken and the lamb kebab. The service was also exceptional. I would highly recommend this place.
I'm so glad I ordered lunch from this place today. I was so nervous because of some reviews. The huge portions really surprised me. They had a 9.95$ lunch box deal that I ordered along with samosas. The lunch box came with four pieces of good sized tandoori chicken. There was rice with Dahl and saag. A naan bread was wrapped up with the order as well. I was full before I knew it with so much food to spare. The samosas were seasoned well and the sauces were delicious. The tandoori chicken was moist and the saag was so good. If I ever need a huge lunch I know where I'm ordering from.
Ate dinner here while traveling - its a shame since i could only sample one dish. The Korma was a thick and flavorful sauce. A little heat, just enough to emphasize spices without drowning the taste. Garlic naan had chunks of strong garlic and the bread was fluffy and chewy, not tough or crispy. Good job. I would eat here again. Staff was friendly and polite in a formal way.
Excellent food and service. I came here with my three children. This was our first time as we are from out of town but I would come here again.
I walked several blocks to check out this restaurant based in yelp reviews. It was 12:30pm in a Thursday afternoon, and the place was around half full. I was seated immediately. Before i even sat down, the waiter suggested that I eat from their buffet. I had to insist that I wanted to see the menu. The food was average, pretty standard indian lunch buffet. I wouldn't come back, unless I had no other choice. The price was good..
I am really impressed by their service and quality of food. Great ambience, soft music in background and authentic Indian food. I highly recommend vegetable biryani and grilled vegetables.
Hi Mike & Jesi,  We had a great time at your Restaurant.  We booked a banquet hall for my daughter's graduation. Everything was we'll organized, food & service was excellent. Thank you for taking care of us.  Joy Zinto from Los Angeles.
This is likely my favorite restaurant in New York City.Everything from the service to even the condiments served on the side is delicious and very good quality, something that is rare in this city.If I had to choose my favorites here (something that's exceedingly difficult), I would have to choose the poori, the chana masala, and definitely the chicken malai, which is the best I've tried anywhere.This is one place that you should definitely visit if you're taking a trip to the city! I've been here twice already in a week.
I was walking by and gave this place a try.A very clean and friendly place with decent ambiance. The prices are a bit high but it is a "fine dining" spot. The chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and garlic naan with cheese were really good. The naans were delicious. The desserts were delicious: coconut ice cream, mango kulfi and gajar ka halwa and raas malai. I would recommend this place only if you''re in the neighborhood.
Highly recommend. Always leave happy after eating here. Amazing Indian food- food is always served hot and fresh, the flavors are amazing, you'll be happy with whatever you get off the menu. The butter chicken is the best
I had a very bad experience . We ordered, paneer makhni , bhindi masala and lemon rice. Paneer makhani was too much salty . When I told waiter, he told me that he won't charge for this dish, later on the bill he gave me did not take off the paneer item. He said his system could not take this off. I think this place doesn't deserve the ratings it has on Yelp. Not worth going.
The food was delicious and the service was very good as well. But they messed up our bill so just re-check everything before you pay.We came for restaurant week and the prefix menu was good enough for two people. We also ordered the chicken saagwala and they catered to my friends liking by making a paneer tikka dish. The prices were very fair for the service and quality of food we got.
I love curry and Indian foods are my thing! Finally got a chance to try this lunch buffet with a friend and it was wonderful! From starter, the seats are comfortable and the space between others are not too close. And I love that the skylight at noon project the rainbow on the table, very delightful! The waiters are attentive and refilled our water couple times.
Horrible customer service on delivery and lied over the phone. Then refused me a refund when food never came.  Avoid at all costs.
Came here for dinner. It was a quiet night, and the service was a bit rushed at times, but I understand they were just trying to be good servers. However, when my friend and I were still clearly looking over the menu, they asked us three times if we'd like to order.Check in on Yelp for free naan (for dinner, and it is their plain naan).We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, the Chef's Special (Chicken) and Garlic and Cheese Naan. It comes with unlimited rice, so don't be afraid to ask for more. Both dishes were thick, creamy and flavorful. The garlic and cheese naan is sooo good - when you bite into a hot, melted pocket of oozing cheese, you just melt into deliciousnessheaven.The mango mousse cake is very average; I wouldn't recommend it.
Outstanding dinner there on July 30th with my two boys.  Recommended by the concierge at the Marriott Courtyard Mid-Town Manhattan, and it turned out to be a great recommendation.  Just a 5 minute walk from the hotel and we were there.Probably some of the best Indian food I've ever enjoyed.  Wonderful sauces, and excellent service.  Not cheap by any means, but well worth it for a first time trip (at least for my two boys...) to New York City.
The food was just okay. It was a buffet with lots of choices to pick from. The food was cold though. The candles underneath were not lit. The naan was way too crispy on the backside and it just fell apart. The basmati rice was perfectly cooked and the goat curry was well seasoned. Otherwise, everything else was just meh. We will not be back.
Extremely close to my place in Midtown and I'm a regular delivery customer. I've tried a few items off their menu, and I'm a big fan of the Biryani. That's honestly why they get 4 stars because the biryani is so good - one of the best I've had in NYC from a restaurant. I tried their daal recently too and it was good - I order it extra spicy though. All in all, one of the better Indian/Pakistani places to order from in my opinion, especially if you want biryani.
Solo dinner while I worked   Amazing chicken vindaloo with appropriate level of kick and taste. Service strong and put up with me as I worked away while having after dinner apperitif. I will certainly be back.
Most excellent food and drink. The Tamarind margarita is fantastic Lots of vegetarian choices.  Arrive early or have a reservation
Great tasting Indian food. We had:Goat curry- meat was tender but was not our favoriteLamb vindaloo- It's very spicy and tastyCauliflower dumpling- forget the name of the dish but it was essentially deep fried cauliflower with general tso's sauce on it. Skip itOverall the service was great, nice decor. Great dinner spot.
Really great Indian restaurant!1. The restaurant itself is dark inside, so it's ideal for date night2. The food portions are pretty much the same as with any Indian Restaurant, and prices are a little bit higher3. Very flavorful and tasty food. The garlic naan here was just fantastic!Service is A+ too. I will certainly be coming back!
I always ordered out via the Seamless app, and got the Chicken Tikka Masala; today I ate on site in the restaurant and it was a pleasant experience with extremely courteous staff. The Chicken Tikka Masala is by far hands down, the best in the island of Manhattan- amazing! I will continue to eat from Darbar. Keep up the brilliant work!
This was my first Indian food experience and it was so good!! We started with vegetable and chicken samosas and the dipping sauce was really nice. We ordered 2 Chicken Kormas, 1 Chicken Tikka Masala, and 1 Eggplant Bhartha not knowing this would be a lot for 3 people, but we wanted to try it all. The service was great they always filled our water glasses before we finished and came to the table often. Also, if you check in on Yelp you get a free order of Naan. We also wanted to try the Garlic Naan which was good on its own without dipping it in the sauces. Overall, nice low lit atmosphere and great food!
Stopped there today after chola had a private party and was closed.  Saturday lunch buffet was decent - 3 stars.  Naan was excellent but the rest was standard quality.  The review gets bumped an extra star because my picky 8 year old only ate white rice and the owner did not charge at all for his meal!
Absolutely horrific delivery service. Over 20 minutes late without apology. Food is mediocre. Don't waste your appetite, money, or time.
Very solid place for a nice Indian meal. Ambiance is wonderful and perfect for date night. We popped in on our way home from work at about 8pm on a Tuesday. There were only a handful of seats filled, but we didn't mind. They seated us in the back room of the first floor in a nice corner table which we loved. This is more formal than a lot of Indian places- white table linens, stemmed water glasses, formal place settings. It was much more elegant than we anticipated and a welcome surprise.We started with the samosas which were pretty typical- hard to mess up a samosa. We also had the Paneer Tikka app which was hands down, my favorite item. It's not doused in sauce, and it is large chunks, or slices, of cheese cooked in a clay oven so some of the sides and corners are charred. First time I've had Paneer prepared that way, and I loved it.We had the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Saag Paneer with naan. When is naan not awesomely delicious? I preferred the Chicken Tikka Masala which would have benefitted from just a touch more of cream in the sauce. But it was still enjoyable and the chicken was cooked nicely- not dry like I've come across in a lot of these dishes. The Paneer Tikka app was better than the Saag Paneer entree, though nothing bad can be said about the entree. The app was just stellar. This place doesn't beat our #1 Agra, but we would definitely consider going back.
We had the lunch buffet, which is all you can eat.  The food was good and tasty with a good variety, chicken, goat, fish, etc.. The naan is nice and soft.  There is even a dessert bar.  Clean and service is efficient.  Despite it essentially being a buffet, it has a much classier feel.  Definitely worth a visit.
The place is clean and the wait staff is pleasant. However, the food is insipid and uninspiring. The Chicken and the meats tasted bland, while the rice seemed to be a few days old. Overall a very poor experience.
Generally very good food, great masala. 3 stars for serving whole wheat pita bread for "naan".
Brought my mom here for their lunch buffet and she likes it, if you know my mom it takes a lot for her to like a place.   She said the food was good which for her says a lot.  The most I hear her say when we go out to eat is that "It's okay." You really can't go wrong here, they have a good selection of Indian food and desserts. From chicken, fish and lamb, I don't eat lamb but I heard the table next to us say that the lamb was good.   My favorite here is the chicken tikka masala.
Very solid Indian restaurant in the Midtown East area of NYC - good spot to pick up a dinner here and then head over to the Cigar Inn for a post-meal snack.Ordered the chicken tikka here which was excellent - well seasoned and very juicy for  a tandoori oven roasted chicken.  I also sampled some of my friends other dishes such as the lamb vindaloo and found the dishes to be well flavored and SPICY.  If you are looking for spicy Indian food (that is actually spicy and not mild), this is your spot.Service was decent.  Not too many people there on a Thursday night, so a good spot for large groups.
After getting hooked on the chicken vindaloo at the Darbar Indian Restaurant on 46th Street, I needed a fix on a Sunday night.Darbar Grill is in my neighborhood so they took care of me.  I think I'm a little obsessed with that dish.  I was eating the sauce with a spoon even though it was making me cry.  I would love to make chicken wings with this sauce.
Staff is very nice! Place is fairly fancy on the inside. All you can eat lunch buffet is a must! Chicken tikka masala wasn't the best I've had but everything else was great.
Excellent food, nice atmosphere. This is not your generic Indian restaurant. The dishes had unique flavors, different from each other and noticeably different from the same dishes in other Indian restaurants. It was a little hard to communicate with the staff. It seemed they had trouble understanding us and we had trouble understanding them. In general, there was an air of bewilderment to the dinner that cost Darbar Grill a star. Still, excellent restaurant and well worth a visit!
Some of the best Indian food in NYC. Nice atmosphere, friendly service expansive menu and reasonable prices. Will definitely come back and would be my first recommendation to others seeking a good Indian meal. I recommend the Rosemary naan and lamb curry.
Went here a few times for lunch buffet while working in NYC. Food was solidly good as was the service. It gets busy and a bit loud during lunch. They have lots of vegetarian and vegan options. The naan is perfectly cooked. I wish the mint sauce had a bit more heat and I wish a few of the buffet items had some heat too. Most things seem to be cooked mild.
I was craving Indian food and decided to get lunch here today. The place looks nice, and the staff is helpful and courteous.The food, however, is a bit bland. The chicken tikka masala has way too much tomato paste.The paneer lacked salt, and didn't have any taste.The naan was good.Other than that, I won't return here. I have to get my Indian food fix elsewhere.
Solid menu, very tasty, large portions, extremely reasonably priced. Great option for delivery in a neighborhood filled with lots of Indian restaurants.
Good food, cheap prices. Ambience was good and we didn't feel rushed. We will visit again.
I ordered delivery from Darbar and really liked it. First, the delivery time was quoted as 45-60 minutes but it showed up in 35 so that's always a pleasant surprise. My rosemary naan was fluffy, not soggy and definitely something I would order again. For a main, I had chicken Dhansak which is a lentil stew with meat. To me, it was like a dal masoor with big chunks of boneless white chicken meat. The portion was huge - easily enough for 2 people, and very reasonably priced at $14 (20% off when ordered through Seamless). I could really taste the ginger and coriander in the stew.As a bonus, I requested "spicy" and while it wasn't super hot as I like it, there was some heat there. Overall, above average for delivery Indian in Midtown.
i had buffet lunch here recently. The ambience is good as well as the food. I am a vegetarian and hence can comment only on vegetarian items. Apart from regular curries, the most of loved was kadi pakoda. Its been a while since i tasted a very good kadi pakoda curry which was fresh and hot. The bread and rice were also fresh and hot. I would certainly go here next time!!
I have eaten Indian cuisine all over the world.  Last night my family and I enjoyed one of rare perfect dining experiences.  From start to finish, food, service, and drinks were exceptional.  We are definitely coming back.
Ok food. Good service. Good number of choices at lunch buffet. Call it 3.5 stars. Food was not memorable. Nice location but I find no other reason to go back. Desserts were good though.
Darbur Grill is just delicious!  I went with my cousins on a Friday night.  We arrived around 5:30 PM, which was early for the restaurant.  The restaurant was quiet and had a cozy feeling with dark wood and it had a nice sky light in the back room where we were seated.   The service was very attentive.  Our waiter kept bringing menus with no papers inside which was funny.  He had a good sense of humor and laughed it off.We ordered drinks right away!  Each one came in a tall glass with lots of alcohol.  A definite plus after a long, hard day at work.  For our appetizers we ordered the vegetable samosas.  Yum!  Crispy and hot with two different dipping sauces.  The tamarind sauce was sweet with a little bite to it.  For my entree I had the Mint Ginger lamb chops. I was so pleased.  They were crisp on the outside and moist on the inside.  So good!  The 3 chops were served with a side of jasmine rice.  Very good!  The waiter made our first plates which was different for me.  It was a nice touch.Since I checked in (yelper all day), we received a free dessert.  My cousins picked a carrot cake souffle.  Very good!All in all it was a great experience. I will definitely be back sometime soon!
8/10GREAT INDIAN FOOD!!!! Also, nice that we got some free naan from checking in. 1. Garlic naan - on point (2 pieces per order @ $5)2. Chicken tikka masala - got two orders. one spicy, one normal. Both very great. nice amount of chicken.3. Lamb vindaloo - super tender, not as spicy as I would have liked, but it was still fantastic4. sag paneer - wish there was more spinach as we had cheese left over. I guess I like more spinach per bite.We did this family style and they brought out one bowl of rice. We were concerned at first, but they asked once we were halfway done if we wanted another bowl. I am assuming they do this not to waste so much rice. They are very accommodating and quickly come to your service. Nice local indian joint if you are craving some good, authentic indian food. The inside and atmosphere of the restaurant is nice as well.
For a vegan Indian food is usually a good bet. Darbar was highly recommended to me by coworkers who are Indian, but Darbar's "mild" was way too spicy for me and my companion to enjoy. Maybe our request for mild was disregarded in the kitchen, I don't know, and I don't plan to give the place a second try. I had Vegetable Samosas and Eggplant Bhartha. Heat and saltiness were the overwhelming qualities covering other flavors I'm sure must have been there, which made the meal boring and hard to tolerate. The rice was pre-made and so could not be dairy-free, but the naan was made to order without butter. The bread was a necessity to help deal with the heat. I ate just enough so I was no longer hungry. The spice repeated on me throughout the evening. Bleh!
I heart you, Yelp. I don't want a commitment, but I so love that I can always count on you for reliable reviews. And once again you steered me right with Darbar Grill.Went with a friend on the early side - 5pm -on a Saturday, and we weren't alone for long. My friend ordered the mulligatawny soup which she felt was too spicy; I tasted it and didn't get any kick from it but it was excellent. Very flavorful!We then shared chicken korma, the eggplant house special and garlic naan. Each dish was delicious; the chicken was tender and the sauce slightly more curried than when I've had this at other places and I really liked it. The eggplant was outstanding; it's a tough vegetable to cook because of how it absorbs oil and dishes with eggplant are often greasy as a result. This wasn't at all and the spices were at a perfect level, not too little or too much. The naan was also perfect.The amount of food we ordered was justs right for two people to share (papadum at the beginning too). We were definitely full, but satisfied rather than borderline comatose as can sometimes happen with spicy meals that prominently feature shoving delicious naan and rice down one's pie hole...I definitely plan to return!
Generic food and bad quality! Also, highly unprofessional in terms of delivery timeline.
A big regular here and have been coming here for years. I'm finally leaving a review since I have my phone out. Excellent service and excellent food. I love coming here for very reliable Indian cuisine. Their apps are great and the entrees especially the tikka masala is extremely delicious. There's a good reason why I keep coming back. I would just appreciate it if they would remember me when I come back. They always act like it's my first time here which is a bit off putting. Please remember me next time! I'm the very handsome muscular man with a giant smile!
Have always had a good experience while dining in at the Darbar. But ordered for a delivery this time. Instead of the Garlic shrimp balichao, received Gobi (cauliflower) manchurian!!
Came here for my 3rd indian experience (yes im keeing count..)  Overall had a good experience.  The place has an upscale ambiance yet the price wasnt too bad. I started with some free naan courtesy of yelp check in (Yay!) and a Jaljeera Passion drink, with just the right mix of tequila and mango. Split some Vegetarian samosas that really hit the spot, and are the best I've had at an indian spot yet. For the main course got the Lamb Saagwala which was a bit spicier tha n Ilike even after saying mild but I was able to eat and enjoy the warm spinach. The service was good and they gave good advice on what to order, Id return if in the area.
People were friendly,  food was great.  I took Jessica who never had Indian food. We had the buffet for a mere $13. The food was perfectly prepared and spiced.would go again.
We found this place on Yelp and have been going back ever since. Service and food never fail!!!!  Love it here.
Wow. I never knew I liked Indian food this much... I don't often eat around my workplace but I'm so glad I didn't have any leftovers to bring to work today because if I did I would have never discovered Darbar. My pal lent me his delivery.com account and I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala (mild spice is perf) with a side of Garlic Naan, and wowsa, what a meal.  The garlic naan was so fluffy and garlicky and left my fingers smelling so fragrant after my meal. The star of the meal however was actually the white chicken breast in my main dish.... How they make chicken breast so juicy, flavorful and no signs of dryness beats me. My meal was almost $20 but could've easily fed two people. I saved half of it for my family, who happily ate the rest. Mom, who works for an Indian-owned 5 star hotel, said the food from Darbar is way better than what the chefs serve at work and supposedly they serve Indian food often.  I will order from here again in the future
Took a risk at this place since I haven't had much good experience in Indian restaurants in NYC. Came here on Valentine's  day for dinner. The ambience was somewhat romantic. Lights were dimmed down. Staff here were friendly. They had a coat check and greeted us pleasantly. Waiter gladly took a picture of us in request. FOOD was very good! Portions were fair. I was delighted that the food actually tasted like authentic indian food. Only downside to this place is the price. It is a bit expensive. Place is clean nonetheless. I would certainly go back sometimes.
Good Indian food for a reasonable price.  The tandori chicken was tender and perfect, while the curry goat could have been stewed for a bit longer.  Overall a great meal.
Everything was delicious. Highly recommend the eggplant bharta. Service was excellent!!
Have only been here for the lunch buffet a few times and enjoyed each visit. The lunch offerings are pretty consistent - Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala, Sag Paneer, Goat Curry, Fish Curry and some additional dishes. All of which are tasty, some spicier than other and all piping hot. There's a nice selection of cold salads (beets, cucumbers) to help cool the palate and they always bring fresh naan to the table to share which is also great! Overall, it's good Indian food at a very reasonable price ($12.95) for all you can eat.
It's nearly impossible to find an affordable place with good food in this neighborhood but Dabar Grill is pretty solid.They have a nice happy hour that includes a free appetizer (bar seating) and a wide selection for dinner. It's not necessarily the kind of atmosphere that I like but the food is really good. Definitely a good place to take your parents...
Enjoyed the food here and decided to set up a special celebratory dinner here for a friday evening.  To be certain that there weren't any mix ups with an open table reservation, I went in on Monday afternoon and placed the reservation in person showing exactly where I wanted to be seated.  Was assured that all would be perfect come Friday night.  On Friday evening, I came in with my group and not only had the manager forgotten about the reservation he personally had taken but he had given the round table away.  Sorry, your food isn't that good to put up with such incompetence.
My friend celebrated his birthday here so we had the entire top floor to ourselves.  Sounds great, right?  It was, except for the fact that they turned off the heat upstairs.  It was freezing!To warm up I ordered some spiced tea.  The tea was decent but could have used some more masala/spices.A bunch of apps were ordered, but my favs were the paneer tikka, samosa chaat, and gobi manchurian (although it's not as good as Tamarind's version)For entrees I tried:- Malai Kofta - it was made differently than I've seen everywhere else.  The menu said it was made from beet root and I was definitely not a fan.   This was the only dish that was not completely finished at our table.- Mutter Paneer - pretty good & standard.- Palak Paneer - I wasn't a fan, the spinach needed better seasoning and the dish tasted fairly watered down.  Service - our waters were always filled & they were very nice w/the whole cake cutting process.
Came here for the lunch buffet and was not expecting much, but it was really good! It's a bit of a tight squeeze...but go for the food!  The eggplant dish was my favorite, almost caramelized and spicy with a great, almost chewy texture.  The lamb was good, tender if just a tiny bit dry, but flavorful.  The saag paneer has a lot of lovely, firm paneer chunks. The chicken tikka masala was good if a bit sweet but the tandoori chicken they brought around was delightful, with a smoky, grilled flavor and the chicken biryani was also very tasty.The condiment bar was complete with lemon pickle, raita, coriander chutney, tamarind sauce, a mango chutney and the requisite red onion and hot pepper slices!
Service - Passive Aggressive bordering on bodega like interactions with "boss" used when referring to youFood - Where's Rafiqi's?
Food was awesome and the service given by waiters were not good one of the employ was screaming on other employ service was not good we don't like it
Have been back a couple times for lunch since my first time here, and quality seems to have dropped. Still, good food and would go if I were in the area. 3.5 stars.
Amazing food and tasty and awesome service.  Love the bar and drinks I also recommend the buffet. Vaishal
Reasonably good lunch buffet with good dessert options.
My coworker and I ordered takeout from here and it was amazing! We got chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and samosas. Everything was flavorful and the food arrived to us hot. I didn't expect the garlic naan to be so soft and warm considering that the food was delivered, but it was perfect nonetheless. Portions were great as well, we had leftovers to enjoy the next day. I would definitely recommend ordering takeout from here. It hits the spot when you're craving Indian food. I would also go to the restaurant and check it out in person.
This place was swaadisht! (I googled how to say delicious in Hindi and so hopefully that's correct...)  Went there for dinner Friday evening with another couple.  We had reservations for 830 and were seated right away.  The place didn't look full until we actually left- a later eating crowd.  Our server was great with recommendations and we enjoyed two appetizers and each had an entree we could not finish.  I can only speak for the vegetable korma- It was awesome.  Loaded with vegetables and the korma was perfectly nutty and smooth.  My mouth is watering right now.  There was lamb tikka masala and some other meaty spicy deliciousness on the table.  Everyone enjoyed it.  The prices were a little high but we were reminded that we were paying for the experience and the food.  The romantic lighting would make this a hot date spot!
This used to be one of my favorite places for lunch or after work happy hour and dinner, but I wonder if they have recently changed management or hired a new chef. After several months away, I was excited to grab some saag paneer here today. Not only did it taste completely different than it used to, but less than half way through my meal, I suddenly felt sick to my stomach though I had felt fine before and hardly ever have stomach issues. I hope this is a one time thing, but when the food makes me sick that quickly (and didn't really taste great to begin with), it makes me very hesitant to go back.
Great ambiance, good service and good food.  Took my wife because she's been wanting to go to an Indian restaurant for a while now and I came across this restaurant on FB.  It was #1 to go to #spoiledNYC website.  And they were right.  We'd def go back &a with a bigger crowd.  Chicken tikka masala was great.  Def try the okra dish.  I forgot what it was called but an excellent appetizer.  Drinks were ok.  I had the Mango Pineapple drink.  The wife had the 5 spice.  Mine was eh. Hers kicked in after dinner . It could have def been stronger.  Enjoy!!
Went for the lunch buffet towards the end of service. The spread was good, a good variety of food. We went basically 45mins before end of the buffet, so some dishes weren't hot, but they did replenish the most popular items even that late. Service was friendly. The restaurant was a bit too dark towards the back, especially for a lunch buffet session. The food was tasty and there was naan for the table. Overall, good food and great value. I would definitely come back for the lunch buffet (though not at the end).
My first time trying Indian food and it was delicious. Loved the vegetable platter, onion naan, Chana Saag, and Shrimp Cochin Curry! Definitely would come back!
Been here twice for the lunch buffet.  For $15.20 (incl. tax) its a great deal.  I always leave overly full and happy.  They serve you your own bread, which is great.  Buffets are always mildly spiced so I ask for chili peppers and/or hot sauce.
This was the BEST Indian restaurant I've ever been to. Absolutely delicious, reasonable buffet price and excellent service. Their mango muse desert was to die for. We walked for almost an hour to get here and it was worth every minute. Very happy with the choice!
Who are these a-holes giving this place 1 and 2 stars? I've had 1-star Indian food, and this is not it, man. It's a buffet, you know. So the first time I came here I just turned around and left right away, because buffets are for cruise ships, man. I'm a working professional adult, not a retired lady looking to get the clap from a retired man in between ports.But today I was all, "Know what? Maybe cruises aren't all that bad." So I went back. I was alone, so they sat me right next to the buffet itself, like I was an item you could put on your plate. That part kind of sucked, but at least I didn't have to walk too far to load up. And guess what? This food kicks ass and if you don't like it then you're a douche. You are whining about the service? It's a buffet. There's not supposed to be any service. There's just food. Just you and your gluttonous ass getting fatter on some excellent Indian grub. I'm not indian, but I recently watched like 3 indian movies right in a row (Apu trilogy, dude), so I feel supremely qualified to tell you about Indian authenticity. Anyway. It's good, and if you're in this shitty neighborhood and you're looking for Indian food, this is as good as it's going to get. So eat it, and don't go putting fewer than 4 stars after you do, because that just makes you look bad.
This place was amazing!! I'm from Kansas City and came here 2 weeks before we won the World Series and the clientele was the nicest to us out of every place we went. It was also my birthday and they brought me out the best dessert I've ever had; it was like a mango creme brûlée! We got the stuffed pita with lamb and some sort of cauliflower for an appetizer and then the chicken in tomato sauce with rice! (I explained that food in English terms) and even if you're not into ethnic food, they will have something on menu I know anyone will like!!
The food is fresh but I wish the curries were more substantive and less watery (something i've observed for both dining in and getting delivery).  I wouldn't want them to add cream to thicken them like a lot of places do but the curries are almost pure liquid despite the freshness and flavor of the meats and vegetables they use.  the saag paneer on the other hand is thick, not watery, and it's the authentic spinach curry it should be, altho i thought it was a bit too salty.  the nan was fluffy and crispy on the edges which i prefer, not thick and doughy.the lunch buffet is very substantive and has about 10 different curries and even more side dishes and desserts so bring your appetite.  the place was absolutely freezing when i ate in the back last week but overall the restaurant is pretty and spacious and the staff tries hard to make the whole experience a bit more fancy than your average curry joint.
I went here with friends for a quiet dinner in the city. The food was great and the waiter was helpful with recommending dishes. The mango lassi was awesome, I highly recommend this fruity drink. It complimented the spicy meals perfectly. There was a couple issues with the bill. First, they charged us twice for drinks and appetizers. Second, after removing one charge they still forgot the other charge. I thought this was very unprofessional since it wasn't a busy night.
The food was very tasty with the right amount of spice. I tried the mulligatawny and chicken palak soups. Bother was just ok, could have had a little more kick to it. The roti was pretty good. The goat tasted great but its on the bone so not as easy to eat. The chicken tikka masala was SPICY but good in a thick sauce.The drinks were strong on flavor so I don't high recommend trying something off the wall. I didn't drink my drink and was still charged for the full thing without being offered a replacement.Overall not a bad place at all for authentic Indian.
Truly an awesome experience !! Everyone from the owner ( Jessy ) to the Amazing Cook - John Dass /he deserves kudos for the culinary prepared !! The crew is friendly will provide you with " Great Experience " Mr Dugen at the bar makes sure your drink is just right . Further Mr Amit and Mr Harsh are exceptional in handling your order and delivery ..it beats all the " Indian Restaurant in NYC " . It's worthy of a presidential visit ..
Best Tikka Masala that I ever had, great service, and happy hour Mango Mojito is delicious.
First time I had Indian food was here at Darbar for Restaurant week. My Tamarind Martini was too strong for my liking. The food and naan was AWESOME. I loved the samosas as well. They have awesome customer service.
My favorite Indian Restaurant.  The staff is very friendly and the food is amazing.  I love spicy and they know how to do it right.  The chicken vindalo is my favorite but every other meal I have had there has been great also.  If you are in the city you have to go here for Indian.
I ordered chilli paneer for lunch thru seamless... 45 mins after I ordered I called them and they said they forgot to place the order.... So the guy apologized and gave me complimentary kheer.....The chilli paneer tastes good although a few more pieces in there would have been better...The kheer however was ok
Solid, reasonably priced Indian food but did not compare to the best places I've been to in both NY and the SF Bay Area.  We had:Paneer tikka ($12).  Just marinated slices of paneer, I thought this app was overpriced but I did love the flavors and the texture of the paneer was spot-on. Chicken samosas ($6). Basically just a samosa shell filled with ground chicken.  I was expecting the chicken to be mixed with something but it wasn't.  The chicken was dry but I liked the shell.  Putting the chicken on top of our paneer app was great and enhanced both apps.Butter chicken ($13, includes rice).  The chicken was tough and dry (albeit white meat) and the sauce was far too tomato-y for me.  I thought this was the biggest missNaan ($5). Really good. Poori ($6). Basically tasted like fried dough you get at a carnival.  I've had it other places where the "fried" taste is less overwhelming and I prefer that.If you check in on yelp you get free rice pudding for dessert (1 per person even if only 1 person has the Yelp app).  They also have loads of 1000 point tables on OpenTable.
What an amazing place!! The scenery is great! The food was delicious!! The service was exceptional!! I enjoyed! & I highly recommend it! I will be returning!
Went to dinner here on saturday night. They place was initially fairly empty but filled up as the night went on. We were seated promptly and served waters. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala along with some garlic naan. The sauce for the chicken tikka was amazing maybe one of the best I have had in the city. The chicken was cooked to perfection. Post meal food coma was inevitable. I will def be heading back to this place at some point!
Had dinner with family last night. The house special chicken, butter chicken and alcoholic beverages were amazing. In addition, the ambience was also very pleasant. Was overall very happy with the service.
Good Indian food. Bhaji is awesome. Fish curry was great too and so were the desserts.
As Indians living in the US for the past 8 months, we do not go out a lot for Indian food since we think we are pretty decent chefs as far as Indian food is concerned. We decided to make an exception this time and selected Darbar Grill. It was a 1000 point table for the day, so an added benefit.We went on a Saturday night, had reserved a spot for 2 at 8 PM but missed the PATH train and were stuck in the station for 20 minutes. Ended up being late by 15 minutes but called them before we reached and they had no problems moving our reservation. The place was about 50% full when we got there and most of that was also because of this huge loud group on one of the nearby tables.We started with the Reshmi Kabab which was supposedly a restaurant specialty. Usually, these kababs are known for being soft and almost melt in your mouth. This was a new take on them wherein they were a little chewy. Although it was not what we expected, we did not feel disappointed and rather liked this 'twist'. They gave us papaddam alongside which was really good. We also ordered the Mulligatawny soup which was outstanding! Where they really messed up was the mains. We ordered the Lamb Melagu which had a coconut base. When they brought the dish and we dug in, we realized that it had no coconut at all. We had heard stories about not finding the key ingredient in some dishes at some place before this, but thought that we were experiencing it first hand. Except that it did not taste at all like it was meant to. Asked them if they did get us what we asked for and surprise, the server had misheard our order and got us the Lamb Bhuna instead which came in your regular onion/tomato curry. This was surely disappointing. We had plans to order dessert but gave up after our mains order was messed up. They 'compensated' for it by giving us 'extra' rice with our leftover mains. Not a great touch and when there are so many restaurants in Manhattan and it is really tough to make people your regular customers, these things leave a very bad taste. I believe it is a new'ish' place (maybe not reading some of the other reviews but I always find them on OT 1000 point tables) trying to develop a clientele, Our advise to them would be to avoid blunders like this.Overall, I would still recommend the food, but please make sure you repeat your order a couple of times and make them recite it back if you are ordering something fancy of the menu.
Awesome place , outstanding Indian in New York City . Please try here chicken  mirch Bhuna .
Darbar Grill offers a great mix of delicious Indian cuisine and polished service. Basement level from the street, the dark wood paneling and dim lighting creates an intimate atmosphere. Went on a weeknight date with the GF. Service is prompt and courteous without being overbearing. Food was really well executed. Had light and crispy vegetable samosas that weren't the least bit greasy. Garlic nan was light, puffy and airy. I had the eggplant bartha. It had an excellent balance of sweetness and bitter roastiness, and a pungent spiciness. My GF had the chicken tikka masala, which she describes as being very true to the classic dish. She usually orders this and said this is among the best she's had. Basmati rice was perfectly cooked--light, fluffy, and delicious. Good wine list. In summary, Darbar Grill exceed our expectations. 10/10 would come again.
The table service was unexpectedly posh, and this easily ranks in the top Indian restaurants I've been to (outranked only by Etoile de Kashmir in Paris, tying with several others). I'd call this 4.5 stars; the pakoras were a little heavy/greasy compared to what I'm used to, and if they were prepared with chickpea flour, it was not identifiable as such, missing that subtle proteiny umami-ness of besan. But once out of the fried foods arena... The chicken korma was very good, the sort of food one hopes for if not always able to expect; the dum aloo was very tender and well-prepared, though its sauce was not my favorite--sort of astringent, perhaps to balance the sweetness of the potato stuffing? But I appreciated the theory of it. But the winner is the beetroot malai kofta. Completely unexpected, like nothing made of beets you have ever had, almost meaty in density, well-spiced and perfectly balanced. To round out the review, the rice and naan were exactly right, though neither were epic. I will be dreaming about the beetroot malai kofta.
Delivery was fast and the food arrived hot, delivery guy was very polite!Food: We ordered a ton of food given the below market prices (was a little scary) but SO WORTH IT - these guys might put places like Brick Lane Curry house out of business - they include lots of protein in every curry (not your typical 3 pieces of chicken...) and when you ask for "spicy" its SPICY. Will order again - a lot.
We were a group of 15 ppl and they setup the table on the 2nd floor which quite annoying knowing the fact that its buffet and you need to walk at least 2-3 time to fill in your plate. We were split in 2 separate grps even after asking to join the tables. And mind you the AC was not working upstairs. And now for food there was huge queue already waiting in for the their turn that too at the very narrow entrance. Dosa was good though. Too much of red color added in tandoori chicken and chicken Tikka masala. Samosa were like frozen ones. Main course has also degraded over the years. Over all not a good experience if you want to go for office gathering. Disappointing experience. Better try Bhatti in 28th and Lex.
Came here on a Saturday evening for dinner with a friend and the place was basically empty. The service was very attentive and quick which might have been partially because there weren't many people, but they seem like they would normally be attentive.My friend and I shared the cheese garlic naan - it was soooo good! Not too cheesy or garlicky but so delicious. It reminded me of a pizza. It also dipped well in my chicken tikka masala sauce like normal naan. My friend ordered the salmon tikka masala (I got the chicken) and both were good. The dish comes with a LOT of sauce and they even spoon the rice/part of the entree on your plate for you when it arrives. My chicken was very tender and had I finished the whole dish I would have been stuffed. All in all a pretty good place to try though be warned it is a bid dark inside!
we were four friends went for a dinner tonight. quite place, ambience was good. we ordekka for app r  panner tikka tandori mix grill and garlic chese naa. for main couse, we had chicken bhuna, madrasi chick, lamb rogon josh,  garlic naan, keema naan, lemon rice. all the foods were delisious. we really enjoyed our dinner experience here. special thanx to our server Anuj. he was very helpful, attentive and guest oriented.  we will be back.
Came here many moons ago.Had a few drinks during their happy hour and a very yummy & filling appetizer which consisted of a few samosas. Atmosphere okay, but the ambiance of the crowd was zero b/c there wasn't a crowd...But honestly, for the happy hour deal? A crowd wasn't needed. It was sufficient and comfy.I'd go again. Very satisfying.
We went to this place after reading 4 star reviews on yelp but it was such a disappointment. We had lunch buffet. Except couple of dishes nothing was good. Food had too much color added to it. Tandoori chicken was covered in red color and tasted  like previous day's leftover food. This would probably be one of the worst Indian food we would have had in long long time. Though the location is fantastic but we will definitely not go back.
Came here Sunday night for a quick bite after arriving in town.  Ordered the vegetable samosas, naan, and the chicken malai. The chicken malai might have been one of the best Indian dishes I have ever eaten.  Creamy, with a bit of spice (not hot by any stretch). The naan was a bit uneven, too thin on one side and crispy, a bit too thick on the other. The samosas were good, and the sauces they served with them were fantastic. Service speed was just right, with the food coming just as I finished the samosas.
I've tried so many Indian restaurants, and I've got to say, this is one of the best places I've been to! The cauliflower manchurri was so tasty, and if you're big tikka masala fan, this place is for you!  On top of that, the service is top notch!!!
I've never been inside Darbar Grill but I've ordered lunch from here too many times to count, and every single time it has been absolutely awesome. They have 3 lunch box options (#1 veggetarian, #2 tandoori, #3 traditional curries).  I almost always get lunch box #3 which is basically just a huge platter of food they scoop up from their lunch buffet bar.  For only $8.95, I get chicken tikka masala, spinach saag, lentils, rice, and naan!  For an extra $4, I often through in the veggie samosas which are HUGE and ridiculously buttery good (and probably horrible for you, but that's ok).  The service is always fast and I have not once been disappointed with the food.  The servings are HUGE and this lunch platter often lasts me for both lunch and dinner!  I've turned many people on to Darbar Grill at my work.  Maybe one day I'll actually visit the place, but for now, lunch time delivery from Darbar will continue to be the highlight of my work day.
Guys I could not stop myself while eating food here. It's one horrible food that I have not had in the longest time. Do not even think of coming here. Vegetarians it's a Do Not Enter sign for u. So watch it!
Amazing service!!! They really know what they are doing there!! I always get salmon masala , it's always sooooo delicious !! 5 stars!! Keep it up
Good food, fresh ingredients, cozy ambiance, clean restaurant, friendly service, it was basically all I wanted. Price was reasonable for the area and fair for fine dining.Came here for dinner. The reshmi kebab was excellent. The chicken was really tender and flavorful. The entrees were portioned well and all cooked very well. Nothing was over powering or lacked flavor. Is this the best Indian food I ever had, no, but for overall experience I would come again.
Orders through Eat24. Delivery was more than 30 minutes late to arrive. One of the dishes - Grilled Vegies, was so small I felt ashamed for them. Generally the food was very oily (strange for a place that choose the keyword "healthy") and with a cheap after taste. Got 2 stars only because the samosas.
Very courteous staff! Friendly and kind!! Nice ambience!! Good food!! Not very costly, value for money!! Ample quantity!! Just go for this restaurant!!
I had the lamb korma and cheese/spinach naan.Absolutely fantastic.Some of the best Indian I've had outside of London.
The dinner here was an Americanized version of Indian food. There was not even a half of a chili in my palak paneer or my bfs tikka masala. They replaced the hot with tons of salt. :(   If you're used to awesome authentic home cooked Indian food this place is NOT going to make you happy.   The staff was sweet, although different people asked me if we wanted dessert while my bf was in the bathroom, which is not cool.  I wouldn't come here again or recommend it.
We asked for mild spice but they gave us very spicy food my children couldn't eat. Then they offered to give beryani with mild spice. At the end discovered they added the beryani to the bill. If it wasn't for that I would've given them 5 stars
Tremendous value at their all you can eat buffet lunchIt was $13.95 and a chance to sample a wide variety of deliciously prepared Ondian FoodThe restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly, helpful and courteousIt's one of the best kept secrets on NYC. Save room for desert, have the Flan.
Service was good. It's pretty in the restaurant as well. Bhel Puri was average. Spinach Moonh Chaat was average. Eggplant Bhartha was awesome. Dal Makhani was also very good. Naan and Roti solid. Would come back for sure.
Best, I repeat- best Indian buffet . I mean- lots of choices , each best of the best quality. Meat and veg dishes and dessert- unbelievably good! Highly recommended!!!
Amazing food and great customer service!!! Best Indian restaurant in NYC!! Would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to enjoy a great atmosphere with friendly staff and amazing dishes.. The owner is an extremely hard working gentleman..
Lunch buffet is served on catering trays, and is slim pickings if you like meat dishes -- chicken tikka masala and goat curry only. The goat was mostly bone. Nans are served separately and you get one basket of 4 small slices. The only Indian buffet that I left with only one plate.Go somewhere else for lunch buffet if you love Indian meat dishes and you prefer restaurants that aren't stingy with nans.
Are. You. Kidding me. Finally found a great indian place with lunch buffet in Manhattan with reasonable pricing. This is definitely my new dig now. I have been to most indian lunch buffets in manhattan. This one beats them all. Oh and I don't mean eh it sort of is the best. I mean this place beats the snot out of all indian competitors for miles around. And I'm pretty discerning when it comes to indian food.Great food? Check. Good ambiance? Check. Attentive service? Check. Food selection? Check. Most importantly price value? Awesome.
Absolutely fantastic! The food was unbelievably delicious, the service was amazing, and the ambiance was wonderful.I came here while on vacation to New York and I was looking for some delicious, authentic indian food. I definitely found it at Darbar Grill!Food-We had the Butter Chicken, Paneer Mahkani, Lemon Rice, and the Mango Sorbet! The chicken was perfectly cooked and the curry was flavorful and absolutely amazing.Service-They were so attentive! I never had an empty water glass (and this is a pet peeve for me), the food came quickly, and the staff was always available.I would definitely recommend coming to this restaurant, it was absolutely fantastic!
I'm not very experienced when it comes to Indian cuisine but on the recommendation of a co-worker, I decided to give this place a try. I had the $14 lunch buffet. There was a good variety of food with pretty basic options that were good for a novice like me (tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, etc.) The naan was delicious. Desserts were mediocre - I'd pass on them next time.As far as atmosphere goes, it was perfectly appropriate for a work lunch but nothing special. The waiter was also very attentive. My one disappointment is that I had a soda and a refill and was charged $3 a piece. Maybe it's my fault for not specifically asking if they charge for refills on soft drinks but I felt a little ripped off when I got the check. I certainly didn't expect to spend nearly half the price of the buffet on soda but lesson learned.I'll be back for the good value on the lunch buffet but next time I'll just have the water...
