Lovely restaurant. The food was amazing and they hand unlimited refills on rice. Our seating was just a bit awkward. The table was a bit small for all the food you get but you will surely be full by the time you leave.Definitely recommend!
This restaurant is awesome the food is great tandoori whole fish an rupchanda my faves
This place is awesome. The people are very friendly. It's a very small place but the food is AMAZING! Their biryani is to die for and the mango lassi.....the best i have ever had and i have had a few....in NY as well as MA.
I placed an order several days ago and asked for mild chicken tikka masala.  What I got was a very spicy meal that left me nauseous and very sick.  Overall an unpleasant and very disappointing experience
Very good food and super fast delivery. My hubby and I can't get enough of their naan.
Used to order often. Chef must have changed, food is sweet now not spicy. Tried 3 times in last year same disappointment each time. Incl. vindaloo and asked for spiciest, it was sweet not spicy.
This place serves excellent Indian food at reasonable prices. While we have yet to visit the restaurant, we have ordered delivery from this place about a dozen times since moving to the neighborhood last fall. The delivery is always prompt and friendly, and the food warm and delicious. At first we stuck to the center of the road (vindaloo, saag panir, chana saag, biryani, samosas), which were all excellent, but I think we were really rewarded when we started trying menu items that we were less familiar with. We love the garlic naan (super garlicy), daal poori, and Malabar curry (great flavor with a lime-citrus tang). Gandhi Indian will definitely stay in our delivery rotation.
I love this place. A vegetarian friend recommended it and we have been coming since. We usually get take out but last time we ate in. What a great meal! This is absolutely my favorite Indian restaurant in NYC. They seem to have specials if you eat in that I don't see on the take out menu. The spices are wonderful and staff accommodating. Real glasses, cloth napkins, table cloth, no blasting TV. It's a smallish place, nice decor but also casual. I usually get the vegetable kurma WITH FRUIT. Everything else friends and family have gotten has been tasty. Nan breads are wonderful, rice is perfection.  Staff is so nice.
It's so dangerous that this place is right across the street from me.I've had take-out a few times, but it really is worth it to eat in. The service is great! I'm always impressed with the depth of flavors of some of my favorite dishes that I have had at many different restaurants. These are far superior. I love the malai kofta, all of the flavors of naan, and the vegetable curry is really something special. The vegetable samosas have a variety of vegetables in them, unlike many that are 90% potato.I will be here often.
This Indian place seemed out of place in this neighborhood.  It is mainly a take out place with a handful of tables.  The setup of the place is not the greatest, every time someone opened the door, all the tables will get a nice breeze except for the ones by the window.  The garlic naan was very garlicky, so if your date does mind a smelly breath, don't take them here or don't order anything garlicky.  I had my staple aloo gobi, potatoes with cauliflower.  The dish was decent size and they refill the rice for you if you need more.  Prices are fair and reasonable.  Bathroom is in the back of the kitchen, so you can see them prep on the way by.
Pretty good for takeout Indian food. I ordered their two course deal via Yelp and for the price it was great value.I chose samosas as my appetizer and the crab vindaloo for entree. The flavor to the vindaloo was great though it was scarce on the crab meat. I'd probably go for chicken or beef if I was to reorder this. The meat samosas, according to the menu, had ground meat and peas but it was meat only and a little dry. Next time I'd choose the vegetarian version.
I'm Indian! This food is authentic as hell!! Thats why the four stars - also the waitstaff is warm and lovely.Two problems:- aloo parantha was not as stuffed as it should be ( at all, there were barely any potatoes pieces, we were searching)- the kulfi was commercial fare, with false flavoring, and the bright green fake coloring. Being someone who has made kulfi plenty of times- it is something quite easy to make in house, and without the additives. Please do!But great food. Perhaps the best indian brooklyn has to over - partly because of the at home feel and EXCELLENT prices, and partly because - for some reason- there isnt much competition, unlike in manhattan or queens.
It is an honor to be living near some of the best Indian food in Brooklyn that i've found. I love my lamb and the spicer the better. Big fan of the veggie samosa, the consistency is on point, the meat samosa is a bit dry in my opinion but it is good to eat with a soup (Palaka is one of my favorites).The 2-course meal deal is a solid price, comes with 2 pieces of Naan, rice, and appetizer and an entree. I wish i could get two entrees and have it be affordable.... but then again my appetite is HUGE. Easy to take vegetarian girls to as well, wide selection of food and meats.
We are doing our Medicine residency at a community hospital in Brooklyn, and this restaurant is one of the reasons I personally can handle my weekend calls. Thanks for the great food and chicken Tandoori is my favorite, specially when it comes with that sexy nan!
I've been eating here for several years now. Growing up in a household with a South Asian mom, I understand the basics of Indian cuisine. This place serves the absolute best Indian food i've ever had. The atmosphere inside the restaurant is excellent (for example, during the summer it feels like you are in India b/c it's so hot haha) and the hosts are very attentive to any needs. The mango lassi is the best i've ever had. It's unbelievably delicious. The chicken tandoori is excellent also. But this brings me to a point about ordering take out from here. You will probably find yourself disappointed by the take out service. For example, I had the tandoori chicken in the restaurant (tasty chicken with delicious sauce and rice with peas on the side) and I also ordered the same for take out. The take out was missing the peas in the rice and it was missing the sauce itself! All I got was chicken with white rice! For around $15, that's completely unacceptable. Also, one order of samosas is about $4 and consists of 2 samosas. In the restaurant, you'll get plenty of tamarind sauce with your samosas. But if you order 2,3,4, etc orders of samosa for take out, you'll always get exactly 2 small cups of tamarind sauce! Just enough for one bite! They seriously need some quality control on the take out orders and need to stop cheaping out on tamarind sauce. For the price you pay at this place, it's completely unacceptable.
This restaurant is one of the things I'll miss most about Brooklyn. I have tried well over half of the menu and (almost) everything I've had has been delicious. It's a cute, intimate spot, perfect for a date. It's small, there are not many tables. You can bring your own wine and they'll uncork it for you, without a corkage fee. The staff have always been very pleasant to me.My favorite dishes are Dahn Saag, Malabar and Dildar curries. However, you can't go wrong with most items on the menu that I've tried. The Roganjosh is not bad, but not exceptional. The Madras and Vindaloo were both good, but I haven't had them in years. I warn you away from the Tikka Masala. Blasphemous, I know but, of all the things, it's probably what they do the worst. It's too sweet, even when it's spicy. It doesn't taste authentic to me, based on other times I've had it, elsewhere.Additionally, if you order takeout, expect less than you get in-house. When you dine in, you get peas and at least a few grains of what might be saffron rice, but you only get white basmati rice with takeout. Additionally, they'll bring you complementary papadom in-house, but will not provide it with your takeout order (yet they give you the dipping sauces and pickled onions. A little odd, that.).Don't order delivery. It will take anywhere from an hour or more to get to you, even if you live blocks away. If you'll just get off your lazy ass and pick it up, you can have it in a 15- to 20-minute round-trip.
Had one of my favs!... chana saag. and tandoori chicken. great flavors
A name that does not suggest this place being a restaurant with an elaborate non-veg menu but much to my surprise they do !!I tried the Bhel , the Achari Gosht (pickled goat curry) and the palak paneer (spinach and cottage cheese). Everything was tasty and yummy. It is a small family run place and you can feel the warmth and love by tasting the delicious homely food. Probably the most authentic  indian restaurant around brooklyn. Gandhi is definitely a gem hiding in a not so busy brooklyn neighborhood away from all the chaos. I will be back again !
I'll start off by saying that the food is excellent. Saag, veg curry, the basmati rice (the rice!!) were all really great. This will be my go to when I'm craving Indian. I wanted to email the business privately but I don't see an email address anywhere so here I am. All was well but my veg curry container lid had a huge crack in it and more than half of the contents were spilled in the bag. All of our containers were swimming in delicious curry. The only disappointment was that I wanted all the curry. It was late and I was starving so I ate it, but it was really sucky. Can  you make it up to me? Thanks.
Best Indian restaurant in Brooklyn! Cozy seating area and excellent for take out. Ingredients are fresh and food is delicious. Just the right amount of spice!
Visiting from out of town and this place was recommended by a friend. The food was excellent. First the waiter brought pspad to the table. Then we tried the veggie samosas, lamb and chicken tikka masala and garlic  naan. The waiter then brought a dessert to our table and said it was seviyan. Whatever it was it was good. Good tasting food at a good price! You can also bring your own bottle of wine which was nice.
I'm not sure how a 4 and a half star review ended up here on yelp becaUse Ghandi deserves the full 5! They always treat you like you're at home when you're there and the food is excellent and underpriced! Just like at home, not every day is the 100% the same, but it's always made with love and always finger licking good! If you haven't gone here, GO!-a weekly Ghandi customer since April of 2011.
Their delivery is on time, biryani is delicious. Chicken T Masala yum. I prefer them over Pearl.
This place is amazing, I am pretty upset that I ignored it for so long! The food is freshly made to order, really clean restaurant, pleasant service and just great tasting meals. I usually order the Chicken Tikka Masala with Garlic Naan and it is delicious!!Definitely worth a try!!!
Ghandi has always given me excellent service whether dining-in or ordering out. They have a nice sit down atmosphere, and I always feel well taken care of by their wait staff. I have tried several Indian restaurants in the area, and Ghandi is by far my favorite. I frequently enjoy their naan (especially good with their mango chutney and sweet brown sauce), coconut poori, tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala or makhni, and their salmon tikka, just to name a few! I have even received a small side of their rice pudding for free on several occasions! Looking forward to trying more dishes in the future.
I am in love with this place. The woman who runs this lovely restaurant with her husband is one of the nicest people I have ever met. The staff obviously takes pride in what they're making, and it essentially feels like you're a guest in their home. The kitchen activities are extremely transparent, and everything on the menu I've had thus far has been amazing. Also, as mentioned before, the crazy Indian soap operas are something I enjoy every time I stop in.
The best Indian food I've had. The staff is sweet and make you feel like family.
Amazing food! Beautiful service! Nicely presented. We ordered Saag Paneer and Baingan Bharta (we're vegetarian) and a couple of garlic naan. All delicious!No alcohol served, not a problem though as we were kindly offered BYOB and recommend a place to buy nearby.Really happy!
Anyone who knows me, knows my policy is to not visit an NYC eatery or than once. I have been here probably 10 times since the summer. The waitress (I think she's the only one) is amazing and she really takes care of the customer. I jokingly call her my grandmother, bc that's what it feels like every time I enter. I can go in and say "Give me something good" and my food option never fails. My favorite dish is the chicken makhani, vegetable samosa, and banana pakora. If you order their $13 meal deal, it's definitely enough for 2-3 extra meals. On a side note, my friend ordered the chicken korma, I found that rather tasteless, but that doesn't count in my rating as it was not my order.
This place is great. I love their chana sag and anything with lentils in it. The samosas are great too. This is the only place in the 'hood we order delivery from. Probably about once every two weeks if not more often!!. They would get 5 stars except sometimes there is a different chef or something and the dishes are not quite as good... also sometimes they let their seamless membership expire (or something) and we have to call instead. Not that big a deal. The one time we ate in the restaurant, the service was very friendly and warm. Recommended.
This tiny place around the corner from my apartment has the most tender most delicious Tandoori chicken I have ever had anywhere in the United States or Britain.   I could go on about the incredible flavors and spices in the three other dishes we had last night, but just wanted to get that out: the.best.tandoori.chicken.ever.
The Chicken Tikki Marsala lunch special is amazing
After the rave reviews, had me to check it out. When i first walked up to the place, i was a bit hesitant to go in.It wasn't crowded (as most of the highly rated restaurants here on Yelp) and it looked a bit like a restaurant in a strip mall. Upon entering, we were greeted by a nice man and lovely woman, seated and brought water. Then came some crispy bread (name escapes me) and 3 delicious condiments that i could almost eat them by themselves. Ordered a few appetizers, lamb curry, and chicken tandoori. Everything was delicious, but most surprised by the tandoori chicken brought to the table on a sizzling platter. The woman came to our table, to see how we liked the food, and by the smile on her face, and "thank you" from her, i could almost imagine her in the back, preparing her family favorites from back home. She was so pleased when she came to take our plates, and we had eaten every last bit, just leaving some extra basmati rice on the table. What a great meal, the food, and the smile on the womans face. Definitely plan on going back !
Chicken Tikka Masala and naan are great here. The curries are very mediocre and the server was rude to me and my friend. Overall nothing special.
My childhood friend recommended this place to me for dinner the first time and I found myself here for the second time. My first experience was so sweet. I ordered takeout and the husband insisted I taste the mango lasso before I left the store. I was double parked and didn't want to risk getting a ticket but I couldn't resist.  I savored the taste the whole way home. I took home the garlic naan and the chicken biryani. Bread was delicious and so was the biryani. A little to peppery but if you like hot, this is your dish. They always treat you to rice pudding which is pretty good tooMy second time there the wife offered me something like a chip which was decent too while I waited. Very sweet family business. Will be back soon. I like the care given to the food and customer.
Their food is delicious and fresh. Best of all, their naan is NEVER burnt. It's always soft and fluffy and melts in your mouth. Everything I tried from here is pretty good. Absolutely delicious.
We've been ordering from here for almost 4 years and every time it has been awesome. This is by far the best delivery option for the Lefferts Gardens area and some of the best Indian food I have ever eaten. Also, they make a mean onion bhajee which is one of my all time favorite foods ever.
UPDATE:I wrote my first review (below) about a year and a half ago. I decided it was finally time to revisit an old staple. This evening I opted for some new things and was pleasantly surprised.-The chicken samosas are delicious- like insanely so, but I knew that.-Lamb saag (Lamb with spinach), just barely a hint of spice and not overly savory as can often be the case with this dish. (I will def. order this again)-Goat jalfreeze was spicier but not what I would call spicy. The vegetables (pepper and onions) were cooked to a satisfying crunch-Peshwari Naan wasn't the absolute best but pretty good in comparison to others I've had over the years in NYC.Given tonight's performance I'm going to up my overall rating from 3 stars to 4. Come on Gandhi- keep up the good work! In a city like NYC it's hard to make a restaurant work. It's even harder if your restaurant falls within one of the popular ethnic genres. Such is the downfall of Gandhi.Don't get me wrong, I live literally around the block and let's be real- there are not a lot of Indian (as in Southeast Asian) restaurants in Flatbush. Nevertheless, it's still NYC and I expect Indian food to be better than good here. So with that said. The food IS good...but great? Seriously people, it's not great.As I said I live right around the block so I have the advantage of writing a review based on multiple experiences. Allow me to share both the highs and lows of this establishment.Dining in.As many people have mentioned, very nice. Not so much because of the atmosphere (which is neither here nor there) but because of the service and hospitality. The owners are there all the time and they are truly wonderful people and very accommodating. The food. -If there is ONE thing that can be said to be awesome it is the chicken samosas. Seriously AWESOME. -The lamb biriyani is overall a little dry, they are sparse with the cilantro, nuts, etc. and the lamb could use some more succulence. -The chicken tika masala as other reviewers have noted is slightly off, the sauce is too thin and not quite as savory as it should be, also the chicken is a tad overcooked. -The nan- well this really depends on whether you're eating there or ordering in. When ordering in you can't expect too much, the steam is naturally going to soften the bread and make it a little rubbery I would suggest eating at the restaurant if your primary draw is the naan. The garlic naan is probably their best offering.-The lunch specials: I have ordered the curry shrimp lump special. Again not bad but not great. The curry sauce was medium flavored, personally I would have like more kick. Though at 8.95 I think the special should come with at least 6-8 shrimp (they are normal medium size) rather than 5 shrimps swimming in a cup and a half of sauce. If there is an upside to the lunch special, at least I can save the sauce to cook something else in. -The rice pudding is also good, though lacking in either cinnamon or cardamon flavor. -The gulab jamun should be softer.-Mango lassi is standard and enjoyable. The extras.They are generous with condiments, for some this may be a draw.Delivery is usually quick.Overall:If you're not an Indian food aficionado this place will more that satisfy your hunger cravings and taste requirements. If however, your palate has become used to a certain standard, as has mine living in this fine city Gandhi might come up dissappointing you. (Which is in fact not what you might expect from Gandhi...bad pun...couldn't help it)
Really, ridiculously good Indian food. It's a little bit pricey and delivery takes about an hour, but I'd say it's worth it. My boyfriend and I order from here at least once a month.
The food is GREAT.  I had the saag panir, and it was some of the best I'd ever had.  Mmm.  I was kind of expecting a hefty portion of food, since I saw that mentioned in the reviews, but honestly, it came in the same sized containers as I've seen at almost every other Indian place.  I mean, I'm a tiny girl, and I finished off the entire container and half the rice in one round.  Well, to their credit, they do give a good portion of rice.  Would definitely recommend this place.
Finally went to Ghandi last week small but clean restaurant very pleasant people . The one time I really enjoyed a place that was highly recommended on yelp. The food was excellent , can't wait to go back and bring my peeps with me .
So the food is pretty good which is why I keep coming back, but everytime I do, I swear this time will be the last time. This place always messes up my order in some way or another. They do some kind gesture to make up for it, but I can only keeping going back so many times. I usually order online and the estimated wait time is always 45-60mins. Now in my experience, that is never true, there's no way it could take them an hour to get the food out! Yet, with Gandhi, the wait time is sadly true and may even be an underestimate...The 1st time I ordered from there it was for pickup. I was leaving work in Manhattan and knew it would take about 45 mins to get there. I got there after 1 hour, expecting my food to be waiting for me and getting cold.  Nope. The sent my order out for delivery and accused me of being mistaken about picking it up. What? Once they realized they were in the wrong, they offered me a seat, some water and mango lassi on the house. Ok, great. What was weird about it was that the delivery man should have reached my apt by now. It had been way past the 45 min. wait.  I asked if they could make me another order and send me on my way. They said they were working on it, which was BS. After another 45 mins went by, the delivery guy returned and I think they reheated my food and gave it to me. It was delicious nonetheless and I loved the veggie samosas. They are like no other. Usually veggie samosas are stuffed with chunks of potato and are super dry and bland. These have peas, raisins,etc and are super yummy.So the next time, I order delivery and don't even try to pick up. They deliver my food in about 55 mins. Fine, i'm willing to wait for good food. But then they gave me meat samosas instead of veggies. I called and complained; they offered me free samosas the next time I ordered so I had to go back there, right?...some more f***ups go by...Now the most recent time I ordered. It took about 2 hours for my food to come. I called at the 1hr and 5 min mark. They told me the delivery guy was down the street. 30 mins later he was still down the street. This time I demanded a better answer and his exact location. I kept calling. The delivery man called me directly and said he was lost in my building. Now don't get me wrong, my building is challenging to navigate, but why didn't he call me 30mins ago? It shouldn't have taken so long.  Anyway, he gave me back my tip, which I didn't ask for, but at that point I was kind of thru with them. Let's see how strong I am the next time I crave Indian and if I go back.In summary, the food is worth it up to a certain point. The slow service with the occasional slip ups, which become frequent slip ups, can be enough to turn you away.
This place was amazing. My husband and I are both Indian, and we thought this food was great.  Everything was made fresh, without excess oil or cream. The biryani was probably the best biryani I've had other than my mom's. The chicken and lamb pieces were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The onion bhajia was also excellent. The portions are large and the food was well priced. They gave us dessert at the end, also wonderful.  A great complete dinner for 2 with plentiful leftovers for lunch, for about $30. Really a wonderful gem of a place. Will be back here for sure!
Very kind deliver guys!  I am happy with the food and the lunch specials.
We came here for dinner from CG, because our local Indian places are awful.  We didn't love this that much more.  The decor is plastic tablecloth.  The goat in one dish was pretty fatty.  However the paratha was great.  The lady who owns the place was very attentive.  When she noticed that we didn't eat much of the goat dish, she offered to bring us something else.  When we refused, saying we were full, she brought us some kheer anyway.
mulligatawny soup is delicious.other stuff is just ok. Maybe it's their meat dishes that are garnering all the 5-star reviews. Their vegetarian dishes are too *sweet* and greasy. I usually love dahl but am really not crazy about theirs. not bad, just not *amazing.*i like the mom and pop feel of the restaurant. and service is great (although *almost* a little too great, it can feel a bit like hovering..)
Wow, I am so happy I found this place.  The food was very good, although the chicken tikka masala's sauce tasted slightly vinegary and was thinner than I am used to.  It was still really good though, and the chicken itself was cooked to perfection.  The vegetable jalfrezi was delicious, and the naan was the best naan I have ever had.  So fluffy!  The owners were so kind and even threw in a free mango lassi, which was super sweet, but I have never had one before so I can't really judge it.  Even the poppadoms were a step above.  Will definitely be going back for more!
This is easily the best Indian restaurant that I have ever eaten at. Everything they make is delicious. Especially the naan and the vegetable samosas. I highly recommend this place. The staff is also very quick and extremely nice. Do yourself a favor and support this restaurant!
Lightning fast delivery of better-than-standard Indian.. Great lunch special deals and aloo gobi. Tikka masala is just fine. Best thing on the menu though? Coconut stuffed fried naan (poori? Anyway it's bonkers).
Was just visiting from Oakland and my friend took me here.I'm a big fan of Indian... when it's good. And this...THIS...was really good.It was really hot that day so, we ordered light but, ate like kings.First, it took forever but was totally worth it. Even after sweating for a half hour while waiting.But, it was clear the cook takes pride in her creations. As the presentation was classy and colorful. The shrimp masala was phenomenal! The naan was lightly crisped and they serve papad with chutneys to start. The proprietors were warm and generous with the rice!Highly recommended little joint.Worth the trek.Fair warning, there's only 5 tables so, plan ahead(?).Thumbs up!!
This place is a good example of the authentic Indian food. Great veriety of dishes in the menu, everything is fresh and deliciouse. It's a family owned business and everyone is very friendly. The best Indian restaurant in Brooklyn
More than a year ago, totally spontaneously experienced this loving place while blind biking through Brooklyn. I was really hungry and just walked in to the first proper looking place in the neighborhood. I literally felt like I was beamed in to an oasis off the shady streets. SO welcoming, caring and absolutely delicious. They even brought small complimentary tasting plates for me to try some of their other dishes beside my original order (I had an amazing curry dish with giant shrimps). The experience was so significant  I have been thinking about this place every once in a while and hoping to find it again all this time. I had no idea where I was biking that afternoon; glad to spot it on Yelp. Can't wait to go back and have some yummy,  family quality Indian food again.
The best chicken samosa I've ever had! The best samosa I've ever had! Even took some for the road. Amazing tikka masala. Service was a little slow, but still great. Prices are right. This place is a must.
I eat Indian food ALL the time in Manhattan mainly. There hasn't been anything in the Flatbush/Ditmas Park area that I thought was decent for YEARS, but I finally signed up for Seamless Web to see if there were any new delivery options in this area besides the atrocious Picket Fence. I notice that there was a new Indian restaurant called Gandhi/Agra Classic and I decided to take a chance.  Most of the Pakistani restaurants on Coney Island Ave. and the Bangladeshi places over in Kensington have all been very disappointing but THIS place was amazing.  I have never dined in but as you can see in their photos the restaurant looks fairly nice compared to all the Caribbean hole-in-the-walls here.  The food is always consistently great, the delivery is timely, and the food portions are great.  I usually use Seamless Web to order from them but there's been times when it didn't work and I had to call them directly.  They are very friendly on the phone and I always use those times to compliment them on how much I love their food (I really really do!)  To be fair, I'm pretty consistent in my order. I always get the Chicken Vindaloo (cuz I love it hot) and I get a side of naan or two.  I've tried some of their appetizers like the samosas (delicious) and one night for fun I decided to try the Chicken Liver Poori because there was an article written about it in the Village Voice. Read about it here: blogs.villagevoice.com/f…If you live in the hood and you want something different and delicious, please give them a try. Now is the time to support your small business owners and stop calling Papa John's.
First time eating Indian food. It was okay, nothing special. I ordered the Red Snapper Tandoori and the Garlic Naan. Loved the Naan, but the fish wasn't succulent like the way I cook it. It's hard to not make snapper taste Fabulous.
Best Indian restaurant in Brooklyn. Love the jhalfrezi, tilkka masala, garlic naan..And the two course meal deal is for the win. Good for a nice date, and its BYOB next to a liquor store!
I'm not an adventurous person when it comes to food, but I figured since I've had Indian cuisine before then this restaurant shouldn't hurt. I arrived for a late lunch and it was pretty empty. I was the only customer at the time. The place is very quaint and I quickly noticed there are no restrooms either so I wondered if this place was relatively new. The white, floral, plastic tablecloths definitely threw me off. They didn't fit in with the Indian concept. The hostess was very polite and friendly but had a bit too much time on her hands since she was a bit overbearing hoping that I'd place my order to occupy her time while I waited for my party. The food was delicious. I had the chicken tikka and the chicken curry with the oh so yummy naan bread. For someone who was obviously not Indian but Caribbean, it would've been nice to get a little guidance as to what I'm eating exactly and will expect later on in the meal. I had no idea what was laid before me. I think it was some sort of cracker with a garlicky taste. I didn't know what the sauces were and I had clearly stated that this was my first time there. I didn't know tea would come after the meal, whether or not I asked for it. I don't drink tea so it went to waste. I think they need to work a bit more on their communication but otherwise the experience and food was great. I'd come back again, especially since I work nearby.
This place used to be absolutely amazing, just as everyone else said. It is DEFINITELY NOT anymore. Even their signature dishes (Muglai Chicken, special chicken samosa) are frankly not even up to the standard of a normal dish at an average curry house. This place used to be so good that I still kept ordering from them a few times, even after it was obvious the quality of the food had taken a nosedive. But after the last nearly inedible order I placed with them which included a curry that basically tasted like sugared tomato paste, I decided to post a review to warn yelpers to not be fooled by the now ludicrous 4.5 stars.
Did someone say Garlic Naan!!!??? This place is quite wonderful. I love the authenticity. The owners are an elderly Indian couple. One day I even had the pleasure of speaking with them about their heritage, they insisted on explaining how deeply rooted their food was to their culture. I have been watching tons of Indians movies,  adoring their culture...so I decided to try out the food. This specific location is not too far from where I live, and yelpers praised it..So I had to try.  I have never had Indian food before, its always wonderful to step outside of your own culture and try new things. I asked the owner to recommend me a dish. Well, was I in love with the menu items they allowed me to sample. ...for FREE. I guess he was in a good mood.The vegetarian options are wonderful, if you order on a weekday before 4pm you get the specials which are about $8 max. The lighting is wonderful also, not noisy at all. My only gripe is that the restaurant is so small, if its busy you will be sitting very close to another party. Its really wonderful and I will continue to support them.
Good Indian food in the last place you'd expect - Prospect Lefferts Garden.  I love to order delivery lunch from here on my days off.  The lunch special (app + entree) is a great deal and you can never go wrong with the curry of the day.  The saag is quite good, as are the naans and vegetable samosas.  I don't think I'll get the Tandoori lamb or Daal again, the Tandoori meat was extremely tough and the Daal was rather bland.  But I am a big fan of the other dishes I've tried.  You get big portions for a good price.  Delivery is always fast and accurate and the delivery guy is so nice.
Coming from NJ, where there is an Indian restaurant at every corner it's easy to get bored with Indian cuisine, but after I came here I can safely say that this is by far one of the best Indian restaurants I've been to ever!! The dildar curry was awesome, and the service was exceptional, the owners really care what you think and look after you really well! I will certainly be coming back :)
We went there for lunch and we were treated like royalty. The owner and his wife were gracious hosts and the food was off the hook delicious. Never mind the bright orange walls and the tv playing Indian westerns. I had the Saag with Lamb, awesome, The Chicken Tika  appetizer was fresh , tender and yummy. The Naan bread is heavenly and he kept bringing us more condiments. I highly recommend this fare in a far out place...Like east flatbush. It's right off the 2 or 5  subway line ( winthrop) ave exit from Manhattan
This place is fantastic. To be fair I've only ordered delivery so I have no idea what the restaurant itself is like, but the food itself is some of the best I've ever had in New York. I've tried a few different dishes including their Pakoras, Rogan Josh and Dhan Sak and they are all great. This is a great restaurant, especially for this neighborhood!
I won't give this a 5 star as that shall be a little partial being an Indian. We went there after a little shopping from Patel Grocers in Brooklyn last evening. My husband being an avid yelper, yelped it and was more than eager to try out the place.  We'd two minds upon looking at the gaudy interiors of the place but then decided to stay.The owners also serve in this establishment which appealed my husband a lot for the entire family has come together to run a business.The appetizers came out very quickly and were hot and fresh. My husband had chicken samosas which were ok and I'd vegetable pakoras which were very tasty. Still for the potato samosas we'll go back to Madiba only.For the main course my husband ordered the shrimp curry upon the recommendation of the owner and loved it.I had ordered the saag- paneer and it was just the way it should be. Thick and little spicy. We ordered chapatis and zeeraa rice to go with it. The rice was a little under cooked, however my husband liked it. I like the rice fully cooked.The portions were good enough for the both of us.For desserts, my husband was hoping to order hot gulab jamum. However the lady owner came out with roshogulla and hot and freh paayash (rice kheer) which yummy. She said it was complimentary.The service was nice and homely as both the owners kept getting us refills on the flavored tea which was very refreshing.Also 4 stars as my husband was a little surprise to note that they charge an extra  $2 for pickles. WE didn't order any though but come on now for $2 we can get a standard bottle of pickle.$30 dinner for 2 was worth the distance we had traveled to eat there. They can def. improve upon the interior to make that place look a little more intimate. They can do without the TV or the bright light behind the cash counter and multi colored chandeliers that hang from the ceiling. They can also get rid of the mirrors from one of the walls and paint the interior of the restaurant in a toned down color.It could be made looking more authentically Indian by paintings and drapery. However, we reckoned  that their main business is take out so its alright for them.We're def going back there with more family and friends in the near future.
Authentic North Indian cuisine. The food here is really rich in flavor and the portions are generous. Definitely worth the price. Everything off the menu tastes great ...
Oh man OH man this place actually made me LOOOOOVE Indian Food! I've never dined-in before so I cant comment on that experience, but seriously the food is mouth-watering!!!! I order-in from this place roughly 3 times a month (I'm intentionally being modest to spare the embarrasing truth) and they're always on point, never ever got my order wrong, always polite & friendly and I never get a call back saying, "sorry we're out of such & such..." Not to mention they literally deliver within 45 minutes, but that could be b/c i live less than 2 miles away. Really u just cant go wrong on the menu. The Garlic Naan (as another yelper yelped) and the Veggie Samosas are incredible!! But sometimes if I want something on the sweet side, I'll skip it and get the Coconut Poori. Ooohhh crispy buttery pastry w/ sweetened, soft coconut flakes inside, it's really everything u want..got that sweet/salty mix to really hit the spot. Some of my favorite items from the menu are: Biryani (usually w/ chicken or lamb). This is a stunning, flavorful rice dish that you just cant stop eating. I also love the Korma dishes w/ really any meat including the crabmeat. Gosh the flavor is just beautiful...it's almost like a sweet n spicy curry dish. If you're not AS adventurous then go with the Tandoori...it's an Indian variation of bbq. Lastly another great specialty dish is the Mughal Curry, best w/ Lamb. Truthfully I could eat anything off this menu. It's food that tastes authentic, but more importantly it tastes like it was made with LOVE...idk if y'all know what I mean. But either way, this little place is great, I'm glad I found it, I'm a loyal customer and I usually call to compliment them whenever I get my order. There's also another restaurant a block or 2 over called King of Tandoor. I'm not sure if these places are related b/c they practically have the same menu. That place is great too..but I have a relationship w/ Ghandi and it's gonna last for as long as I live nearby! A definite MUST TRY!! P.S. What-up Brooklynites :-)
My girlfriend is obsessed with this place. I don't feel as strongly as she does, but I've never been disappointed with a meal from Ghandi. The prices are great, the food is tasty, and they are as friendly as it gets, always throwing in delicious treats and thanking us for travelling to see them. I'd recommend this place over any other Indian restaurant in the greater Prospect Park area.
Exceptional, extremely nice waiter, i gave up trying to pronounce his name but really nice guy, i definitely feel like family here, best Indian Food in Brooklyn.
After spending the afternoon at the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens, we were looking for a bite in the area. We searched on Yelp for something nearby and this restaurant popped up. The distance was about 1 mile, but given that it is Indian food and the rating was so high, we decided to make the trek. Let's just say it was WELL WORTH IT! We ordered the somosas, onion kulcha, chicken korma and mattar paneer. We have a habit of trying mattar paneer at every restaurant to compare to one of our favorite's back home. Suffice it to say everything surpassed our expectations and prior Indian food experiences. The veggie somosas had a light, flaky crust with a warm spicy filling. The chicken korma was a balance of subtle, yet deliciously rich, flavors of what seemed to be cream, almonds, raisins and cardamom. The matter paneer equally possessed subtle flavors of ginger and coriander. The quality of the ingredients was superb to boot. We went on off-peak hours (very late lunch / very early dinner), but I'd imagine the service would be just as attentive as it was for us. We were served by what appeared to be the restaurant owner and perhaps mastermind behind these wonderful recipes, because when we said the food was superb, she seemed to smile in a way that reflected a personal attachment above and beyond the norm. I would highly recommend if you are in the area. Enjoy...
Very excited about this place that opened up around the corner from where I live. Great indian food that IS NOT AFRAID TO USE SPICE! This shit is HOT and that's the way I like my indian food. The prices are reasonable and the people who run the place are so very friendly.
I've got take out twice, both times were pretty good at decent prices and good serving sizes. The menu is nice and extensive so I'm sure there is something for everyone.
Gandhi is a wonderful place. I lived in India for some time, and typically avoid any sort of "Indian" food in America. Gandhi, however, makes you feel like a member of the family. The soap operas remind me of the farm I lived on in Sirsa, where the farmers wife would watch them every day. Traditional, tasty, authentic, reasonable, and the  friendliest people in the world. Go now if you live anywhere nearby.
I loved everything I ate here. I went here with a Brooklyn born and raised friend of mine.  He's one of those guys who only eats at Crown Fried Chicken, McDonalds, or the pizza shop.  And his idea of dining out is the Chinese take out place with tables and a real special evening calls for Olive Garden or Red Lobster.  So, Gandhi Fine Indian Cuisine had their work cut out for them.   The server was a very sweet welcoming woman.  My friend wanted curry chicken and roti "like they have at the trini place".  I rolled my eyes and begged him to look at the menu and pick something off the menu.  So instead he asked her "Can I just have curry chicken and rice?".  She didn't miss a beat and said "of course" .  Yay!  I was relieved.  I went for the Chicken Tikka Masala and order some Garlic Naan.  The food came and my friend not only loved his food, but when he tasted that garlic naan he was like "this is the sh*t!"  So thank you Gandhi Fine Indian Cuisine for a great evening, the welcoming atmosphere and for unique option in the sea of fried chicken spots in BK!
The best of Indian Foods!  No doubt the friendliest service.  I took my family and my sister's family and we all really loved it...and we are particular about our Indian foods.  They have the best garlic and potatoe Naan and chickpea poori.  Their special chicken samosa is also awesome.  Try their Marbala chicken and their Vindaloo beef and lamb (if you like really spicy food) - it's the best.
I don't know what is going on with this place.  Just ordered the keema paratha and it smells like rotten meat
Love. This. Place. Tiny but the food was delicious, cheap and generous sized portions. Had the vegetable samosa and the veggie dhal. Wish I lived closer so I could come  more often.
love this place! best indian food in bk... actually, best in nyc! happy it's close-by. :) also, owner is the best. she welcomes you like family!recommendation: try any lamb dish... really great though in the rice dish. and the coconut bread is life changing. note- hot/spicy, means spiccyyyyyy!! i usually love spicy food, but here sometimes i request mild or medium. still yum though!
The customer service is exceptional.The food is pleasing to all senses especially taste. My husband had the lamb curry with naan, I had the shrimp madras, both entrees were simply delicious and generous portions. We had our food to take out but I will definitely come back to dine in. The place was small and intimate.
really really bad...yelp you steered me WRONG!!!! It was disgusting..I cannot believe this place has such great ratings...chicken tikka masala tasted like can tomato soup. biryani was awful...rice had no flavor...what a waste of money...curry heights on remsen street is MUCH better...You did me wrong yelp....
I've only gotten delivery from this place, but the food is great and the staff on the phone is always lovely. They do a great job at my fave dish, Chicken Malai. One tip though, They give you a small portion of rice pudding with your order, so don't go thinking it's a yogurt sauce and accidentally dip your garlic nann in it during a fit of ravenous hunger (Whoops!)
Consistently good food. I've both dined in and ordered for delivery, and everyone from the owners to deliverers are nice and courteous. The portions are perfect for me - a veggie dish, rice, and nan last two meals and leave me a little too full.
I love this place! I've only ordered by delivery but plan on going to the restaurant soon as the people who deliver have always been super sweet. They are always fast and I've never had any problems with the order... plus the food is delicious too, of course!
The food is excellent. My favorite is the Chicken Tikka Masala. Compared to the other Indian spots I have visited the prices are not too bad. They have a little sit down area but its not huge. The owners are really friendly though the delivery service can be a little unreliable at certain times.
This is the best Indian food I've had in NYC, including all those east side joints in Manhattan. I usually get the "2 course meal deal" with Dan Saak and keema. The husband-wife duo do a fine job of adding the personal touch- so friendly, always serving us tea while we wait to pick up our take-out food.I feel so privileged to have them in our neighborhood!!
Some of the best Indian I've had in New York. Recently (March 2012), the food seems to have changed a bit, but the two-course meal deal can not be beat!
The absolute best garlic naan! Fantastic service and tasty fresh-cooked food. The vegetable samosas are wonderfully spiced. This is a new favorite spot; if it were closer to my apartment, I would eat there at least once a week.
I come from "out West," and we don't know Indian food well, so my review might reflect my naiveté. Gandhi is easy to miss on a dodgy street with other restaurants and a few fast-food joints. Owner incredibly kind and food pretty danged good. Other Yelp reviews pretty accurate. I also ate at Tamarind in Manhattan. Very posh but food no better than Gandhi. I wouldn't call Gandhi's atmosphere "intimate," but food and service very good indeed. And an easy subway ride from Manhattan.
A wonderful little place near the south end of Prospect Park, with only 6 or 7 tables.  The papadams with sauces served as a prelude were excellent, as were a mushroom curry and a korma curry.  The chicken tikka masala was good.   A very tasty complimentary dessert was served at the end.  Service was very responsive.  All in all, an excellent dining venue, and they also deliver.
Some of the best Indian I've had in NYC - superior to the Jackson Heights spots that seem to get all the hype. You might expect one (or several) complimentary apps, as well as some delectable rice pudding to boot! And the vegetable korma (a special, I believe): OUTSTANDING!
Fantastic Naan Bread, Great Chicken Tikka, and Samosas to write home about. Gandhi is the best restaurant I've been to since my move to Flatbush.
This place is wonderful--the food is consistently good, the couple running it are awesome, reasonably priced...I live nearby and this is my go-to place for take out.  I've eaten there once and that was nice too-- the service is great and they give you free desserts!
Great food and fantastic atmosphere! We go to this restaurant or order food to our home regularly! This was my first experience with Indian food, and I would recommend it to anyone!
Everything you could want from an Indian restaurant. It really is the tastiest food. I would even be willing to put up with less satisfactory customer service but they are super nice to boot.
For my boyfriend, Gandhi is better than King of Tandoor. The food is good and cheaper than Tandoor, but I felt it was a bit greasier, and smaller portions (which isn't a bad thing, just not leftover-able). The restaurant is really quaint, and the people who work there are incredibly nice. Glad its in my hood.
This is a really great Indian place in my neighborhood!  I just tried it for the first time and definitely recommend a visit.  Great food, great prices, excellent service.  Cozy atmosphere.  We were served by the owners who were extremely nice and talked to us about our food and gave us a few extras (including a yummy mango lassi) so we would get the entire experience.  I would definitely go back or order from there!
From the owners of Joy in Prospect Heights, Gandhi is the new indian spot in PLG. I ordered the lamb kurma, lamb malai, banana pakora, samosas, and mango lassi. EVERYTHING WAS RIDICULOUSLY GOOD!  I'm looking forward to trying the rest of their menu.
Located in between a 24 hour bodega and a fried chicken joint, Gandhi Fine Indian might escape your eye when passing by, but they really deliver some great Indian food.My girlfriend and I started off with the Kachoori (which seemed pretty close to Samosa Chaat to me) and some vegetable samosas, which were excellent both in flavor, texture, and spice.  The thing that really makes this place stand out though, is their attention to detail.  Many Indian restaurants are happy to throw out any old Mint Chutney and Tamarind sauce, but this tiny detail can also tell so much about how  a restaurant cares about its process.  When I first sampled the mint chutney, I knew that I was in for a really great meal.  From the spices to the outer dough of the samosas, all of the extra details that make a restaurant truly stand out, were there.  I'm not sure if they make their samosa crust from scratch, but it certainly tastes like it.For dinner I had the Chicken Bhuna and my girlfriend had the Navrattan Korma.  The Chicken was a clear winner for me, a nice blend of curried spices, onions and just enough hotness to make it enjoyable.  The Korma was a little too sweet for my tastes, but might be a great eat for someone looking for that coconut/pineapple vegetable flavor.In addition, the raita and pickled Mango were delicious - the latter being a little more subdued than most places, therefore probably more approachable for a larger audience.  Although, I will warn, it is a strange (yet awesome) taste.I was most excited at the end of the meal when the owner gave me the take out menu, and pointed me to the chef's specials, many of which made me want to keep coming back.
The food here is delicious and better than your average Indian restaurant. We always order it for delivery and the food piping arrives hot, which is nice. The only down side is that it sometimes takes about an hour for delivery.
I ate here for the first time a couple day ago, didn't eat in but waited inside a for my food. I would totally eat in, the ambiance is so homey and comfortable, not to mention the Bollywood movies playing for whomever to take a look at. So to the food I ordered the Aloo Mottor Gobi, they had no problem giving me Channa instead of peas, and it came with rice, I wanted Naan, they threw it in on the side no charge, it was no problem. The food was delicious, it tasted even better as seconds, tonight. If the food tastes good as seconds after refrigeration, its A OK to me. I recommend it to anybody looking for that authentic Indian taste, that comes with warm hearty hospitality.
Excellent chicken tikka. It was empty for lunch, with no buffet. I got superb service. The owner talked to me, and treated me for dessert. The naan is some of the best i have had.
This place is great.  I just moved into the neighborhood and I've been getting delivery from here a lot.  The food is really flavorful and they use fresh vegetables which makes a big difference.  I also love that they don't make the food too oily like a lot of Indian Restaurants tend to do.  Order anything because it's all good!
I genuinely enjoy coming here to eat. The food is always fresh and delicious. But the service is even better. The tag team of husband and wife works hard to provide the best service possible for you. I once went there with a friend of mine and while we were waiting for our food, they treated us to some freshly brewed tea, without us even asking. In this day in age good customer service is extremely hard to find, it seems like most places you go, people are dry and don't want to be there. If you like good food and excellent service, this is where you want to go.
This is my Favorite Indian food EVER (i haven't been to India yet, however). i've had at least 6 different entrees and keep calling back (i've only gotten takeout). the staff/owners are super nice and pleasant as well. do not hesitate to support and enjoy this treasure. P.S. they have changed their name to AGRA CLASSIC on their menus.
Good food, attentive service, generous portions, good prices. The vegetable samosas were fresh. The Motor Pinir was creamy and delicious, the Aloo Gobi was mouth watering and flavorful. The naan was exemplary, and my dining companions' dishes (chicken tikka masala and Dal Makhani) were also fabulous. The place is tiny and the location is not great, but everything else is stellar.
This was perhaps one of the most pleasant dining experiences I have ever had. First and foremost, the food was delicious and authentic--something sometimes very difficult to find. Secondly, the service is honestly the best I have ever had at any restaurant. My friends and I walked into the restaurant about 1/2 hour before they closed and I was expecting the usual sassy remark to get us to leave, but they urged us to stay (in a very friendly way). The restaurant was clearly family-owned and had a nice atmosphere to it due to this. There were no smart ass kids working there that hated their job--these people loved it. Since it was our first time, they took the time to explain everything and even gave us multiple free appetizers and even a drink and dessert. Rarely do you find a restaurant that truly loves its customers and also has amazing food. This place does.
I was so happy when this restaurant opened around the corner from my apartment! One reason I was happy is that I LOVE Indian food, and the other is that there is definitely a dearth of quality dining options in my neighborhood. I was even more pleased to discover that the food was excellent and that the staff is warm and generous. If you're a fan of Indian cuisine (or if you're curious about it), you should definitely check this place out.
vegetarians beware! I really enjoyed this restaurant the first few times I got take-out, and then I got an order of mixed vegetable curry with several chunks of lamb in it. they were apologetic and refunded my order, but it seems like quite the oversight and makes me wonder how considerate they are about other veggie issues (e.g. cooking meat and veggies in the same oil).
This is the best Indian in the area unfortunately. I say unfortunately because we ordered from this place pretty much every weekend until a few weeks ago when we found a staple in our food. :/ Called to tell the proprietor. He said 'So sorry' and threatened to replace our food. After finding a staple in the order we didn't have much of an appetite so we passed on a replacement order. Instead of sending more food over he said he would discount our next order. Uuuuummmm...okay I guess? So two weeks later, after we had recovered from the staple incident, we called to place an order and I mentioned the staple. He said 'Yes, yes, I remember. I will give you discount'. At that point I should have just told him I wanted one of our entrees for free, but I didn't. I thought he would come through with out me having to spell it out for him. He didn't. He only gave us 10% off. FAIL!!! So sad, as I've tried every restaurant in the area and the food here is by far the best. But I really don't want a staple or anything else extra special in any future order so we're now on a mission to find another good Indian joint in the 'hood.
A real find. Not heavy on the decor; they focus on freshly-cooked food with great ingredients. Excellent service.
Born and raised in Brooklyn, I was excited to come back home and find this restaurant. I ordered online the first time and the chicken tikka masala, vegetable samosas, and naan were great. The chicken tikki masala is amazing!!! It has just the right amount of spice and has a unique kick to it. I decided to go to the restaurant for the lunch special and the service was superior. In addition to the great food, the owners were so attentive and their charm and humor made for a overall wonderful experience. I highly recommend this restaurant with absolutely no reservations! Enjoy!
Soooo... On our hunt for great Indian. After reading two Yelp friend's reviews I decided to try this place. Well we ordered a significant amount of food to try on a Friday night. So to start off, its great to find a spot not too far from home, that you will definitely go back to. And we found that in Gandhi Fine Indian Cuisine. I have to start with the customer service on the phone. The owner was quite pleasant on the phone. Through our interaction, she found out I was a first timer and was so pleasant on the phone. So when I went to pick up she was very welcoming. I received a complimentary glass of mango-lesse. Yum yum.  We ordered chicken samosas for appetizers. I was pleasantly pleased with these samosas. The chicken filling was seasoned well and the pastry portion was nice and buttery. We also ordered the shrimp poori- which was delicious as well. Seasoned well with a sense of heat. As far as the main entrees we had shrimp bhuna which was excellent. Can we say LOVE LOVE LOVE. I am usually a chicken tikka regular, but this is my new favorite dish. It was seasoned well and I love peppers and onions in anything. I found a new love. We also ordered the Whole Fish Tandoori. Which was a Red Snapper. It was tasty, but just ok. Not Fantastic. They have GREAT GARLIC NAAN. So this foodie found a new spot, I will definitely revisit. by the way I did the following day.
Cute little Indian place that's a step above the average vindaloo joint. Cute and small, very nice staff and reasonably priced. A real gem of  a find in this restaurant deprived hood.
worst customer service ever. do not order from them. they are inept. they delivered my food to some random person without even asking. i had to call grubhub twice to rectify the situation. absolute disaster and terrible customer service. will never order from them again.
Ghandi is a very small, homey-feeling restaurant in Bed-Stuy.My friend and I had Tandoori Chicken, Aloo Motor Gobi, "special" (and they were) vegetable samosas, Daal poori, and plain poori, plus "assorted condiments". Poori was fluffy and just the right amount of crispy. Tandoori chicken arrived properly spiced and sizzling on a scorching platter. YUM. We ate almost too much.Best thing about the place is the warm, friendly service. And lets face it, for some reason Park Slope Indian is just, meh...A short drive to Bed Stuy brings you to much better Indian fare. And fairly priced too! I will go again. Only not so spectacular part of this meal was the gratis dessert offering - some sort of syrupy-sweet cake-like balls that looked like beige, skinless, grapes (not bad actually), and a bowl of cottage cheesey pudding with an odd after-taste (sure wouldn't pay for it and will likely turn down another free dessert of this stuff. While we had no trouble parking, when asked, the owner promised that for a decent-sized (he said $30+) order they would indeed make a deivery to the Slope. We shall see. Unless you want to schlepp to the east village, you should check out Gandhi...
Amazing!!!! So good! An adress to remember absolutely!
I have a newborn and from conception to now as an EBF baby, he is pretty much made of Ghandi fine Indian cuisine. I love the shrimp poori appetizer, naan (super fresh and fluffy!), lamb curry lunch box and the Saag panir is a great vegetarian option. I've had better samosas though. The owners are also awesome and friendly.
Such a simple atmosphere but such nice people and very delicious food. Everything seems familiar but just a little different than the standard Indian restaurant food I'm used to, and in a good way, and the price is very reasonable. The saag panir and the mango lassis were especially amazing, but there's so much I haven't tried yet so that's not definitive. I wish it were just a bit closer to me!
Finally! Indian delivery to Ditmas! In exactly 40 minutes, our food arrived steaming hot, the order was exactly as placed, and was delicious, with just the right level of spice (we asked for "medium" - and it had a good kick). Very happy with the biryanis and the curries. Definitely give them a try, I doubt you'll be disappointed... as for us, we'll be regulars.
Just tried this place for the first time after reading great reviews. This place is Delicious from start to finish. The husband and wife that work here make you feel like family. They serve your stomach from their hearts. I grew up in this area and was surprised their was such great authentic Indian food.  Yummy Yummy. Had the Dhan Sak and the hubby had some shrimp in a creamy curry sauce. The mango lassi was dreamy and the vegetable pakora was divine. I will be back. Sorry Taj Mahal you lost me to Ghandi
Best place to eat in the neighborhood! I'm so happy this place exists. The food is absolutely delicious. And the owners are so sweet. They often give out free mango lassis and rice pudding. It's also a charming place to dine in (especially considering the lack of dine-in options in the area). Definitely go here!
Great food. Fantastic service. They brought a free mango lassi for my 3 year old daughter! Will come back again soon.
Super-friendly family restaurant that takes the time to make sure you have good food to eat. Lunch specials are a particularly good value - I had the vegetarian one, which comes with rice, 2 vegetable dishes, naan, soda and a little dessert. A great change of pace from the normal fare around.
Unbelievable London quality Indian, Eureka!! I live in Manhattan, have eaten at all the places on 6th street, 58th street, plus the other high end places like Tamarind. Nothing compares to Gandhi. Incredibly fresh ingredients, subtle flavors, perfect execution and attention to detail. Well worth the trip to Brooklyn. I begged them to open another location in Manhattan, to show the rest how it's done properly.
Love it! Their special meal for one is enough for two people, their staff is friendly, and Gandhi offers a cozy, aesthetically pleasing dining room - a rarity in this area.  Their delivery is quick and courteous and prices quite reasonable.  I hope they stay around a long, long time.
The food has gotten even worse. Frozen vegetables and watery curry.  No onions or tomatoes in preparations that had them before.  Sooo disappointing.  It used to be amazing when run by Miriam and Hassan.  Now it is just blah.  I had to throw out an entire meal once.  I have given up on Gandhi's.SECOND REVIEWThe food is not as good as it used to be anymore.  It is hit and miss when it comes to delivery.  The chicken curry lacks substance.  It has been so watery.  No onions even.  The Biryani was terrible.  We ended up throwing them out.  My family told me not to order from there again because it has become so inconsistent.On the other hand, eating in the restaurant is a different story.  The food has been  good, but not as good as when I first started.  I definitely think they are using a different cook.  I have decided to take an Indian cooking class and practice so that I can be happy with my meal every single time.By the way, I miss the warmth of Miriam and Hassim.  I ask for them every time I go because, outside of the food, their hospitable manner was what kept me coming back and back again.  I looked forward to seeing them each time.Previous Review 5/11/2011                    One day, while at work, I was walking down the hallway of my unit when this wonderful aroma tickled my nose.  It was coming from the doctor's conference room.  To get to that room, you had to pass two doors and walk down a short hallway.  I had to find out where this food was ordered.  The doctors said Gandhi Indian restaurant.  That day after work, I took my tired self to Gandhi and ordered the Fish tandoori meal.  It was delicious.  I went back to Gandhi for the next two days after work.  I then ordered delivery for the next four days.  I almost went bankrupt because my family had me order for them too and I was the one paying.  Since then, I have taken all my family and many friends to this fine restaurant.  If they keep doing what they are doing, they will have a customer for life.Miriam and Hassim are a pleasure, always aiming to please.The restaurant itself, though, is small.  Perhaps it is able to hold 18 people at a time.I encourage you to try this restaurant because I want to keep eating there for a long time.
this place is great. ordered many times for takeout. the owners and delivery people are very hospitable and the food is so delicious. about to order again....
The first time I ate here, I was dissatisfied, as every dish in my meal was extremely heavy with dairy, even dishes that would not normally be. When, however, I asked them to prepare my dishes dairy-free, I found that I really enjoyed Gandhi's cuisine quite a lot! Will definitely go again.
Just ate Gandhi for the first time last night.  Ordered in, so didn't get to peep the vibe, but the food was awesome.  Seriously.  Defintely compares to some of my favorite places in the city.  I'll have to order a couple more times and check for consistency before it becomes my fav (and try eating it in a non-intoxicated state) in NY.  I had Lamb Vindaloo, Naan, some Spinach soup, Mulligatawny, and it was all good.  I especially liked the sauces and the friendliness of the delivery dude.
I order from this place quite frequently since I'm only a few steps away. I love the food and never had a problem before. But I guess the cooks are getting careless because I found chunks of metal in my naan bread. I guess it's from the grill. I first thought it was just overly burnt but overly burnt bread but on further inspection it can't possibly be. I still say the food is good but people need to be more diligent about their product.
Finally, a place in Prospect Park South/Flatbush that's an actual restaurant with waiters!  Wow, I thought the area did not have such a thing.  Anyway, here is my review.I commend this place for being brave enough to open in a neighborhood that's surrounded by other types of restaurants.  You don't associate Prospect Park South as being a place for South Asian restaurants to thrive, but this one sure does.  The food is as good as any Indian restaurant I've been to.  The best thing about this place is the ambiance. It's peaceful and clean.  I shall return.
Favorite Indian In the neighborhood! Chicken korma and peshwar naan!My favorite. To eat in or order in both great
We always order from this restaurant and food is always amazing but now something is wrong,aloo gobi is horrible ,chicken curry has no taste,I wish you guys do better
Update!Ok. Every time I try to come back it's just bad.This is out of laziness because its so easy to get to but the food I got was not good.Why do I keep forgetting?!The saag paneer had no flavor and the tamarind sauce was like ketchup. The onions were like ketchup with onions. One star for the great lassi with cardamom...but that can't be the only good thing, right? My garlic naan was good too...but um....If I ever, ever get hungry again and want Indian food, I'll just walk over to King of Tandoor.
The chicken tikka is delicious and I am a regular costumer but I have to say that they are getting lazy and careless and this hasn't been the first time. The last three times I have ordered food from this restaurant my naan has been burnt my order has been wrong and I have waited about two hours for the food to be delivered when I live half a mile away. That is ridiculous their customer service alsois not the best their delivery man is very rude demanding a tip after I have waited for two hours, come on tips for what? I'll be thinking twice about ordering again.don't let all of this discourage you though and food is usually good and very different from the normal Chinese takeout.
Excellent service. Quite possibly the best waiter I've ever had in my life.The food was very well priced, filling, and most importantly, delicious. I have nothing even remotely baby to say about this restaurant. The soups, breads, and desserts are 3-4 dollars. The main dishes are 10-20.Oh! And it's  BYOB!!
I've been going here for quite some time now. I haven't been disappointed with their food yet. I like the chicken soup, curry goat, beef curry, and samosas just to name a few. Sometimes they take what feels like forever to bring the food, but they've become quite popular lately so I can understand the hold up. I never dined in, it's quite small in there. Probably can fit about 20 people in there max. So keep up the good work! Food- 4/5Service- 3/5
We order the veggie samosa which were superb! I'm not really a samosa person cause I don't like fried food too much. But these were amazing! Def the best samosa I've ever had. Must get the veggie one though!We also ordered garlic nann and potato nann. Both were delish. Boyfriend got the bhuna lamb and I got the butter chicken. I loveeeeeed my butter chicken! It was abs amazing, it tasted just like the butter chicken my Indian friends mom made for us. The bhuna lamb was also delish and the perfect spice. I got the sweet yogurt drink which was really good and my bf got the mango juice which was good as well. Best service ever. We were basically catered to. Our waiter was so friendly and professional. He asked how our food was and also asked for us to be honest so they can improve on their mistakes to make the restaurant better. He was super nice!! Only con about this place was that it was quite cold. Especially since it's winter right now and the front door kept opening and closing. Everytime the door opened we got a blast of cold air and wind. They should def invest in one of those double doors other restaurants have during the winter. Only reason why I took away one star.
My first Indian Cuisine in NY left me craving for more!I was lying in bed all day sick with the flu, and decided to try this place my friend recommended. After a few clicks on my seamless app, the food literally came within 30 minutes. I was impressed. I ordered the medium-spiced chicken tikki masala as well as an order of garlic naan. It came with a small container of rice, and sauces that I wasn't too crazy about. The masala was so flavorful, tender, and delicious. And spicy! I was pretty much crying out of happiness. I enjoyed dipping the garlic naan into the masala sauce. Yum.The portion was so large for me I had to save the rest for another day. Even after a few days, it's still just as good. Recommend 100%! I will be ordering again really soon.
The delivery service is sub-par and rude. Food quality is variable and quality of the nans is poor. Unfortunately due to lack of options in the neighborhood I end up ordering from them.
This is an adorable authentic Indian spot in Flatbush. The food was amazing - I got the rasam soup, tiki masala and periswala naan. The service was great and the waiter was very attentive. I would make this my top choice for Indian.
This was one of the first indian restaurants i have really dined at. Saw the amazing reviews on yelp so i took my family here. Its kind of hard to find parking at night (if u plan on driving). The restaurant is small, almost like the size of a chinese take out place. The kitchen is in the back and the bathroom, is past the kitchen.We ordered a lot of curry items, red and green. My family enjoyed the food and it was very tasty!!! The staff was super friendly and attentive. They took their time explaining to us about their menu. They recommended what to order and suggested how much to order for a party of 5 adults and 1 child. We ordered JUST right and did not have any leftover to take home becos it was that good!!!Definitely will come back again when i'm cravin for indian food!!!
Do you know that spicy flavor that builds up behind your eyes, sends your tongue into shock, and clears up a years worth of sinus infection? The spicy thats so spicy your dog, who surreptitiously tries to nibble food off your plate when youre not looking, jumps in shock? If you're looking for that, you could probably find it here!Theres an art to making spicy food without compromising the flavor. Whoever cooked my food this evening totally balanced that! It was delicious and spicy! Noting that this is not a gourmet Indian restaurant, this is as good as it gets for this $$ range!I have a pretty high tolerance for spice, like I could split my lip level heat is still enjoyable. My dog is pretty international too and can eat most spices. So I was super surprised when my delivery order came and I took my first bite. It sent fire streams like red ants down my tongue. My poor dog only got as far as liking the edge of a paneer cube before she knew it was out of her league. The portions are also massssive. I could easily spread the food out over 3 meals. Unfortunately it's so good I already ate most of it - good thing their right around my corner!Tl;dr - dayum thats fine!
Had lunch special chicken tikki masala and it came out way sweeter than I prefer.  I ordered a Spicy (not very spicy), but it was almost pasta tomato sweet.  The Mango Lassi felt pretty authentic, but they need to readjust their spicy meter.  It was acceptable, but I hope they were readjusting the spiciness instead of doing what they think the neighborhood prefers.
we always get carry out, the delivery is usually right on time! we really like the samosas- naan- lamb vindolo- chicken curry!!
Everything you heard is true and then some! I came here with my toddler son and boyfriend. Service and atmosphere was on point. A little small but very functional ( the restroom is in the kitchen, which is good for for me ).  The veggie samosas is the reason I gave them 4 stars. In my opinion they wasn't fresh.  However, the rest of our meal made up for it. We had Tandoori Chicken, Shrimp Bhuna, garlic naan and a mango drink came with rice all very very tasty. please,  if you guys are reading get better with the samosas, thank you.  Overall I will be going back, check them out I'm almost sure you'll be a returning customers too. C u there!
This has to be the best Indian food I've had in New York since moving here last year. The samosas were beautifully made - not soggy, perfectly flakey crust, and great dipping sauce variety. We got saag paneer and aloo gobi with garlic naan. Paneer had the best consistency, super fresh, and the gobi veggies were cooked to perfection. Level of spice was amazing. And yes, expect lots of cilantro, but it's SO good. And another plus - BYOB. Price is just right and the service is incredibly respectful. It's not the fanciest of places but I hardly noticed that. I will be back again and again!!**update** I have noticed a decline in the food here. Overly salted Chana masala as well as skimpy paneer portions for palak paneer.... Rice has been super soggy lately. Not sure if they have changed cooks or what... The naan is still as good as ever!
I have gone here several times and each time everything was delish!!!  Will continue to go back to this place.  The staff is also very friendly and helpful (which is important since most times I need help).  It is a takeout place.  I would not go to sit there but there are a few tables.  The food is authentic and that's why I keep going back.
Yummy!  Chicken Tandoori and their Masala.  Delicious!When I'm home during the day, I get their lunch box special.  A lot of food for $9!
I've ordered food here for delivery twice, and both times, the food has been great. 1st time: I ordered Aloo Matar Gobi, a vegetarian dish, and a mango lassi. Getting anything vegetarian is unheard of for me because I'm a die-hard carnivore but (a) there was cauliflower in this dish, which I was craving (yes, people can crave cauliflower), and (b) if I'm going to eat a vegetarian dish, I trust Indian cuisine above all else to satisfy both appetite and taste. The dish was good, although I could've used more sauce, I was surprisingly full before I finished all my food. The mango lassi was not one of the better ones I've had.2nd time: I ordered Aloo Tarkari, which had chunks of chicken and potato bathed in a house blended masala sauce. Two thumbs up for all the chicken and sauce they provided. And topped with green chutney? Yum! One thumb down for how few potatoes there were because I love potatoes. I think I only had 5 chunks of it. Still, the aloo tarkari was tasty and filling.Wait time was as stated: 45 mins. No complaints, and I will definitely order again.
Was seriously in the mood for a good chicken tikka masala and read great reviews of this place (the chicken tm being one of the most popular items). Ordered that and the beef curry chicken lunch box, which came with a vegetarian curry to. I was delighted when the food arrived in 35 minutes, instead of the estimated 60-70, but my delight ends there. Without doctoring it with condiments and salt, the chicken tikka masala tasted like a bland cream of tomato soup and had no spice to it. The chana saag (vegetarian option also had no flavor and needed substantial seasoning. The beef curry was good, but possibly only in comparison to the other two. Very disappointing.
Food was great!!! Very authentic Indian food that filled me up right.Very small place, not great for large parties. The server, a young teen, was a but talkative, but meant well. Staff was attentive and were polite.Will definitely return.
I had the chicken tikka masala and rice. It was around $11 and it was very tasty. I had enough to take home for leftovers.
The prices on the menu were not reflective of what I was charged for my delivery order. Upon delivery, they gave me a new menu, with the prices crossed off with a pen, and new prices noted $5-6 more expensive per dish, which is a total ripoff. My delivery took an hour and 15 mins to get here, even though i live literally across the street.
The reviews were right... this is a great Indian restaurant.The prices were very decent... everything is around $8-$12 and the portions are very decent. The chicken tikka masala was very tender and flavorful. I also like how the saag paneer tasted like actual spinach, and was not too creamy. The garlic naan bread was delicious and had bits of cilantro in it. I like that it didn't taste burnt, but was cooked to perfection. We were the only customers in the restaurant, and the service was great. They gave us extra rice and free dessert.I would love to come back; unfortunately I live in Boston.
The best Indian food in Brooklyn...HANDS DOWN.Please do yourself a favor and dine in when eating at this place. The service is amazing and it's BYOB. What's there not to like? My favorite Indian dish is Chana Saag (I know...boring!) and they do such a wonderful job. I crave their version of this.
It's a dinky, drab place in a somewhat sketchy nabe, but the food is good, the prices fair and the people are very nice.At lunch they have various specials... curries, tandoori, etc. with rice for around $8.  I though naan was extra, but they gave me a big, honking piece for free, which along with all the other items, made for a filling meal.  If I lived nearby, I'd probably eat here once a week, as I like to be in a curry.
Small cozy restaurant with bathroom in the back through the kitchen. Food is always on point each time I've gone there to eat after work.
Wasn't so sure about this place when we first arrived, but the food blew us away.  The atmosphere is very basic and parking was really hard to find- although it was a Sunday night.  cheese pakora.  So so.Chicken tikka masala - probably the best I've ever had.  Also ordered a coconut poori.  Delicious crust totally stuffed with coconut.  Get this of you like coconut, it will make you extremely happy. This is a family run business.  The husband and wife who run it are Very sweet.  It's like having a delicious authentic home cooked meal.
:( Rude Staff and you don't get what you orderI was so excited to try this place after reading all the reviews on Yelp. I ordered Madras curry, I got a Korma with coconut in it.It even says on their menu Madras is medium Spicy made with Tomatoes. What I got was made with cream and coconut and yellow, it couldn't have been further from a Madras.I called the restaurant and explained they had sent me the wrong curry, no he said that's just how we make Madras. I asked could they please send me a proper Madras, no he said I already made the curry I am not making it twice. Really horrible attitude, all I wanted was the curry I ordered.
The samosas are covered in some sort of addictive powder. I don't know what it is, but it's got the same addictive properties of the garluc butter from Papa John's (get that look off of your face 'cause y'all KNOW what I'm talkin' 'bout.).Kidding aside, I was not a fan of Indian food until this place.  The varieties of Naan (aka bread) are awesome on their own or with any of their sauces.The samosas, as mentioned, are covered in some sort of crack dust, so be careful or you'll wake up a 3am and have this overwhelming need to walk to the store a stand in front of it waiting for it to magically spit out samosas.  Not that I've done that (more than once).I'm a fan of the Seafood Vindaloo (spicy) and Lamb Makhni (sweet/savory).Definitely give them a try if you're in the area.
After reading so many 4 1/2 and 5 star assessments, I decided to be brave. Anytime the weather gets all damp and cold like it has been of late, all I want is to be transported to the land of heat and curries minus the MTA commute into Manhattan.Despite an exterior that reminded me of a stationary store and the no frills 1980's catering hall decor, the food and service were aces. The menu gives endless seafood options, many of which I had never seen on other Indian eateries' menus. My dinner companion and I chose the Aloo Motor Gobi, Chana Masala and Shrimp Vindaloo with the typical mango chutney and raita accompaniments. The latter was extremely spicy, but the fat juicy texture of the shrimps were too compelling to keep you from having more. We felt compelled to get two different Naans - one garlic (loveeee raw garlic on everything!) and one stuffed with just the right amount of cheese. Both were buttery and super thin, which helped keep us from stuffing ourselves silly before the food arrived. Post meal, I inquired about Chai since it wasn't on the menu and they made us two little mugs of milky, sweet cardamom infused goodness. I've never been so happy to smell of garam masala before in my life. My coat still carries the smells of our meal this morning. I can't wait to go back...
The tika Masala was a major disappointment so was the samosas.... wouldn't reccomend...Nan was nothing to write gone about. .... extremely  disappointed
LOVE this food! My kids are somewhat picky but they all like the food from Ghandi. Everything we ordered was great and the little sauces they give you are delicious too. I use them on other foods if we don't finish them with our meal. The basmati rice is the best I've ever tasted - so buttery and soft! I would definitely recommend the spinach & cheese and the garlic naan.
I ordered food from the Yelp app and there was some confusion regarding whether or not my order what place. I called the restaurant and the hostess was unable to confirm my order. Nonetheless my food eventually showed up and I can honestly say it was worth the wait.... Delicious! Portions are good size andmy food was hot!
BEST MANGO LASSI IN THE WORLD! Excellent food and service, hands down one of the best I've been to.The chicken tikka masala was very interesting!
At first I didn't think this place was real. How could there be a place in Brooklyn open for more than one week without a review from Peter D.?!?That mystery alone, took me deeper into Brooklyn to uncover the secret of this highly reviewed gem. What I found, was not only were the reviews spot on, but my new favorite go-to Indian restaurant in Brooklyn!Mr Yelp, this place is waiting for you and it's worth it!!We had the special chicken appetizer, which is a must as well as the shrimp madras and chicken tikka masala. The curry has spice to give the food heat but still enjoyable. I found myself pouring all of the curry over my dish to get every last bite. If you're asking yourself, that sounds great - why four stars then? Well, they put cilantro on EVERYTHING, including the naan bread which is a no-no for the wifey. If you don't like it, I would recommend asking for them to hold the cilantro.
We moved to brooklyn from London in the fall and have been desperately searching for good Indian food ever since. Finally we have found it!!! This place is even better than our local place in London. We ordered naan, pappadum, chicken korma, saag paneer and dal masala, plus the cheese ball dessert and every last thing was outstanding - fresh, vibrant flavors. Even our toddler devoured it.So happy to have found this place - a gem - worth the trek.
Very solid Indian restaurant! The neighborhood is definitely lacking in quality Indian restaurants, so this place is definitely a breath of fresh air! Their naan is extremely fresh, and their dishes are very tasty and well spiced. Recommend trying this place out!
Terrific Indian food. Sizable portions, friendly service, and among the best Indian food I've ever had in a long, long time. I was a little concerned about the cleanliness though. My fork had a speck of food on it and though the glasses looked clean, they had a slight odor. I'm very sensitive to smells and kind of a neat freak, but I'd excuse it and order from them again no questions asked. I don't know if I'd dine-in again because it was a little too hole-in-wall-ey for my tastes but I would 100% order take out if I lived in Brooklyn.
This restaurant featuring Northern and Eastern Indian cuisine is hands down my favorite restaurant in Prospect Lefferts Gardens. This superlative-filled rant comes with a very rare five stars from me. Why haven't I reviewed this place sooner?The thing that struck me most about this place is the obvious family-run nature of the establishment. My first visit was on a first date and involved a late realization that they had closed down the restaurant (we had overstayed by a few hours AFTER paying the bill); the staff were outside chatting, patiently waiting for us, and bid us sweet farewells despite that we kept them so long. Seriously: where does that happen in New York?? -And less than $20 total for two people, including generous tip.The food is pretty amazing. It isn't haute cuisine, but this isn't your average Indian joint either. Everything from the chutneys, and the breads, to the entrees have well balanced and unique qualities. Even the saag paneer, what some might consider one of the more mundane options at some Indian buffet, is rich in garlic and showcases fresh (not overcooked or mushy!) spinach.If you ask nicely, take the opportunity to use the restroom. You have to go through the kitchen, and you'll see quite the spectacle: this is an awesome kitchen full of fresh ingredients. I've started ordering more or less randomly off the menu and have yet to be disappointed.If I were to find any faults, they would include slightly overcooked chicken and shrimp (I suppose preferable to undercooked), and a respectable but uninspiring house salad. I also find their baingan bartha on the sweet side. -But I'm really nitpicking here.The delivery has been good to me (plan for 45+ minutes for cooked to order food), though apparently not to some of the reviewers here. Do yourself a favor and eat in-restaurant at least once.I find I get excited every time I decide to eat here. It's truly a gem!
This place has some of the best Indian food in New York. We took a friend who had never tried Indian and she loved it. I was blown away by the chicken tikka masala (which I understand has won awards). Also had the jalfrezi, which was perfectly sauced and seasoned. The vegetables were flavorful, still crunchy. The saag paneer was very flavorful as well. The best part for me was eating the coconut poori with everything. I've never had anything like it.This restaurant was reasonably priced ($43 for 3 people), and we were able to bring some white wine, which was nice. The waitstaff was extremely friendly. I will be back!
Flavors reflect authentic Indian cuisine, however ambiance is lacking. Logistically, I Had to pass through kitchen, where food was being prepared,  to use bathroom
I probably got an off night because it wasn't as tasty as I expected (especially seeing the reviews). Maybe this was a new year's message for me but the food didn't seem as heavy as it should have been. If your looking for more healthy Indian option then this could work. I'll give it another shot on another night though.
Yummmmmmm. Feeling grateful that this deliciousness can be delivered to me. They were efficient and kind. I highly recommend that you add the gulab jamun for an eye rolling dessert.
Quite honestly some very good Indian food. And I've been to India. Such a little gem. Sat down there twice and now have gotten delivery from there twice. Have not been disappointed.
The garlic naan was good, but the aloo matar was recommended as their best veggie dish and it was so bland--the worst I've ever had. I didn't even feel like eating it. Big surprise and disappointment. Definitely won't be back.
Omg everyone was right about this place. The prices are very affordable which is surprising considering the quality and quantity of the food. Im new to Indian food, so I wasn't too sure what to order. I went on their site which is very simple and easy to read. I ordered the chicken tikka masala with house salad and garlic naan. It was life-changing. I loved every minute of it. I started eating with a fork but by the end I was using my hands, because the food is that great. The basmati rice was cooked to perfection and fluffy. The sauce was creamy well season and delicately spiced. The chicken was tender and scrumptious. And I ordered delivery!!! I'm so pleasantly surprised. This food will make you savor every moment!
Just ordered delivery from this place and its not good. The chicken tikka masala was watery and tasted like someone had poured 10 packets of sweetener in it. I've never had sweet tikka masala in my life. And i've never seen tikka masala so runny and flavorless. No cream, no spice, just sweet sauce. I ordered veggie samosas as well and they are the only reason i give this place ONE star. Called the restaurant to fix the issue, but they wouldn't do anything about my inedible dinner. Will not be ordering from here again.
Always a pleasure to order from here. Great sized portions, and even better, flavorful, authentic cuisine. A must try in the nieghborhood!
it's been a long time since i ordered from this place - almost 5 years! cuz of the bad experience i had last time.  i've been just going to the city for my indian food (it's cheaper and better at other places) but i wanted delivery and, living in brooklyn (or at least my part of brooklyn) - (or, actually - i take that back - living with my budget  : p ) you can't have it all.so i got the 2 course meal deal again - (i'm really curious to know if you order it "a la carte" if the portions are better?) cuz these portions (again) were tiny.  enough for barely one meal (unless you count some leftover sauce as.. well.. a leftover)    : pso the 2 course meal deal comes with:1 entree (i got chicken tikka masala)1 side (i tried the chicken samosas again)and1 bread (i got garlic naan)not bad for $13.95i asked for garlic naan, they said no, i'm sorry you can't have it with the meal deal.  i said can i substitute it in and pay extra? they said ok, .25 cents more.: /(if it was me, i would've just told the person ordering at my restaurant that sure you can have a the garlic naan, but it will just cost you .25 cents more..  none of this "no, you can't" business).  but that's just me.okay so $14.20 - still not bad.i also ordered an 'extra' rice for $2.  (i get basmati rice included with my chicken tikka masala, but from what i remembered from last time, it's not all that much)$16.20 plus tax brought me to $17.65i made sure to stay away from the mango lassi this time (i didn't wanna be disappointed again!) - they've also raised their prices considerably - i paid 20 bucks without a mango lassi even this time around..they told me 40 - 45 minutes for delivery - it got here a few minutes early (yay!  : )bottom line - the chicken tikka masala is meh. it's ok.  it's a basic, just sugary-like sauce - doesn't have much complexity / depth - doesn't really blow your mind or anything.  i've had much better (and for less money)  : (   the portion size is tiny tiny - you get a little container with like 8 small chunks of chicken.  for over eleven dollars.  (rip off).  the samosas were also nothing to write home about - 2 of them, decent sized, but the meat, again, was dry, and the crust / outside was super greasy  : (  and finally the garlic naan was good  : )  definitely not worth the $20 bucks.  no leftovers (even with the extra rice) this time either  : (  i really feel ripped off again  : (  and not really satisfied / not like i got my money's worth.
This is the best indian food I have ever had -period - and my boyfriend and I love love love indian food. The prices were reasonable (our bill came out to be $29 with two entrees and garlic naan [the BEST i've ever had oh my god], plus they kept refilling our poppadom) and the service was super friendly. I had the shrimp and sweet potato (under Chef's Specialities on the menu) and it was incredible. Every time our waiter came to the table to see how we were doing I literally made unrecognizable human sounds because it was too good to form words. Without question, we will be returning to this place soon!!!
It was a great experience, and the food was killer. When we were out of rice, they gave us extra (no charge). Mango lassie- on point! I would definitely come back.
Great food and nice service. They even have BYOB which is excellent !!Love it and highly recommended : )
the food is so good. I rarely am in the mood for Indian food but when I am, I search for a spot. this place is the spot! everything is so tasty, it's finger licking good. I would totally recommend if you're looking for something savory and affordable!
Delicious food, good service, reasonable prices, great ambience. Take-out option available.
I love this spot it's so calm clean and perfect. The food is well done and amazing. I order for home or come out to it either or it's very fast service. My fav food is the chicken tikka the best with some veg. Samosa
Great food and service! Very friendly atmosphere ...feels like you're with family in good company...i love it! Highly recomended
Indian is one of my absolute favorites and Ghandi is a great option in the Flatbush area (I am located in Ditmas Park). The chicken korma was both sweet and sour and aromatic -- though I wish it had some nuts such as almonds. The vegetable samosa was piping hot, crisp, and extremely flavorful. The Peshwari naan was delightfully coconutty with small chunks of coconut -- not flakes. I haven't eaten in, but they were incredibly friend by phone as well as upon delivery. Very satisfied and will order from here again.
Have nothing but good things to say about Gandhi restaurant. I have been there several times. With my boyfriend, with friends, and in small groups. The restaurant is small and the setup has tables for seating of 2 or 4. I wouldn't suggest coming with a large group. I have never ordered delivery or pick up, everytime I have eaten there I have sat at the restaurant- but I am sure the food quality is all the same. The food has always been delicious, and my boyfriend is South Indian and loves it so I know it's not just me who finds the food amazing. I highly recommend the Mango Lassi, Vegetable Samosas, Garlic Naan if you are new to Indian food or this restaurant.The following dishes/appetizers I can vouch for that are delicious because I have previously ordered them are:Mango LassiVegatarian Samosas Chicken Pakora Plain or Garlic NaanPooriShrimp PoorI have tried these versions of the Biryani: Lamb, Goat, and Gandhi Special Mixed MeatGandhi Special Raan BiryaniTikka Masala- Chicken and LambMughal Curry and Malabar CurryBe careful if you choose to order the Vindaloo, it is good but they aren't kidding when they say it is HOT. One of my friends who is accustomed to spicy food ordered this dish once and could not finish it nor did it seem like he could enjoy the dish because the spiciness was just too much to handle.I have ordered food here so many times, that I have actually felt comfortable enough to order a new dish every time I visit. It's nice to be comfortable enough with the quality of food at a restaurant to take small risks and order dishes you wouldn't ordinarily try.Another thing to mention- It's BYOB! I have brought a bottle of wine here every time I have gone to eat... No judgement... The waitstaff will gladly get you extra glasses as well as a bottle opener for the wine.
This is wonderful restaurant! The food was so delicious! Made with tons of flavor! We ate every bite of it!:))) yummy!! :))) This Indian we will crave!
Ashoka is better overall, but this place is good too. The garlic naan is to die for, but I got lamb tikka masala and the lamb was too hard to chew, they needed to cook it more. So I ended up tossing the lamb and just eating naan with the tikka masala sauce. I had my food to go, and I don't think I would sit and eat here, it's small and cramped.
Went here quite a while ago before I started yelping. The food at this restaurant is magnificent. The decor isn't impressive, but they do have cloth napkins. The place seats maybe 16 people at most (4 tables). Service is very good. A guy opened the door for us when he saw us looking inside. This place is BYOB and the waiter helped us open our beer bottles. Also, since we came with 6 people, they put two tables together for us. They have very limited space so I don't expect them to do that during peak hours, although it is possible considering how nice they are.I remember having... Shrimp Poori with naan - One of the most amazing sauces I have ever tasted. I remember it being sweet and extremely appetizing. Would definitely have it again. Chicken (or was it lamb?) Jalfrezi - I don't remember how it tasted but I remember it was amazing. We didn't order dessert but they complimented each of us (all 6 of us) with sample sizes of rice pudding, which was very good(I've never had bad rice pudding anyway).Everything here is inexpensive, so definitely come here and don't be afraid to pig out. You will be treated like royalty here.
I swear I've been ordering from here for almost a year...I've tried lots of other places and this place just makes the BEST samosas, chicken curry, and garlic naan...and everything in between. I've only ever had take out but I can't recommend it enough. You'll love the flavors and spices. The food tastes fresh and always arrives hot! The only downside is you have to wait about 45mins for food, every time...but I'll tell you, I've tried other places and all I get is greasy, oily bland food...I'll wait for this!
I was SO HUNGRY tonight and my food took an hour and a half. And I ordered at 5:30 so it shouldn't have been rush hour or anything! I started calling after 45 minutes and kept being told "any moment." When I called after an hour and a half they said "He's downstairs now, he's been calling you" Um...no he had not. I told them multiple times that I live on the side entrance but due to either a language barrier or someone just plain not understanding me, I had to walk two blocks to the other side of the building to get my food from the guy. Who didn't even apologize. And by the way, the food itself was just average, small portioned, and overpriced. And lukewarm. Maybe it's a different story if you eat in, but delivery? NO THANK YOU.
This is the only restaurant that can truly feed my strange obsession with dildar curry. Their mango lassi is also delightful. I just really like fruity things! But seriously, this place is good.
Wow, I was definitely surprised by the quality and variety of food here. The menu is extensive and the online ordering makes everything so easy! I have tried other Indian cuisine deliveries and honestly...none have been as impressive as Gandhi Indian Restaurant. The chicken masala was smooth and the chunks of meat were tender and large. Delivery was courteous and the time estimate they gave us was accurate. The price isn't "cheap" but it's definitely reasonable for the perfect blend of spices you get along with the generous portions or sauces and naan. The coconut naan thing was so good! One is enough for three people if you're eating it as a dessert.One thing though...if you get the mango lassi, it is a bit heavy on the cardamom. My boyfriend loved it, I thought it was too much...so to each their own.
I love this place so much! I've gotten food from all of the Indian restaurants in the neighborhood and this is by far the best--a perfect combination of great food and around the way charm. The restaurant is tiny, but I don't think I would want it any other way. It doesn't need to be huge and flashy because the food speaks for itself. I usually get Chicken Tikka Masala (which by the way is the best I've ever had in NYC), but I've ventured into Lamb Vindaloo and Lamb Curry and have never been disappointed. Vegetable samosas are always crispy and full of flavor, and the naan is A+. The restaurant is BYOB which is good if you're like me and ballin on a budget.Delivery is always fast and the food is always hot. I do wish they included utensils -- they never do -- but you can't have it all! Oh, and the two-course meal special is a great deal.P.S. I noticed someone said that this restaurant is in a "shitty area" and it's a bad location. Excuse me? I love this neighborhood. Just because this place isn't on a street packed with bars and pubs and froyo variations doesn't mean it isn't exactly where it should be. Go home roger.
I don't know WHAT happened, but clearly new owners or a new chef must have come along because the food is just so mediocre now, it's truly disappointing.
Delicious, cheap Indian food with great portions. We live pretty far away from here (according to Seamless, we're out of their area), but they still manage to deliver our food quickly. They've even occasionally thrown in little treats when we place a large order.Not only are the people who take orders over the phone especially polite and kind, but the delivery guys always remember how to get into our weird building.  I've tried every other Indian place in the neighborhood, and they've got their competition beat by a wide margin.
Wow! So a few days ago I ordered from King of Tandor and it was decent, like really delish Indian delivery, BUT this place.... is AMAZING. My roommate and I went to the restaurant and ordered the onion fritters, the garlic naan, the chicken tiki masala, and the lamb malai. Everything was flavorful and cooked to perfection. I'm super picky about lamb and this place does it right. I'm so glad to have finally gone here, since it's down the street from me, and I will be back again asap, and can't wait to order delivery too. It is a small restaurant with about 8 tables so we had to wait when we came at 8:30 on a Wednesday, but it's worth the wait and earlier or later than prime dinner time there is most likely not a wait. OH also, BYOB, which is always nice.
Best place I've been to for Indian cuisine. The food was great and the service was awesome. The restaurant seems like it's family owned and I think the son is the server there. He was amazing; he was very knowledgeable and made great recommendations. Definitely coming back here again the next time I'm in the area.
With the recent influx of Indian restaurants to Flatbush, I figured why not take advantage of the expanding options? I usually order food from King of Tandoor, which is usually good. I found out about Gandhi Fine Indian Cuisine when I used Seamless to order delivery plus the reviews were good. The food came super fast, like 20 minutes and it was hot.Hubby and I ordered the platter special that includes a main dish, a side, and some naan. We only ordered 1 dish since any other time we ordered from Indian restaurants, the portions have been large enough for 2 people to share. I was a little disappointed when the food arrived and we received a  little Chinese cup of rice but surprisingly, this, the lamb curry, 2 samosas and naan was enough to fill both of us. The food was delicious too. I would definitely recommend this place for delivery. Haven't been inside yet, but I'm sure the service is good too.
3.5 stars.  Pretty decent food but I don't see what all these 4-5 star reviews are all about.  It's good but not great and it's the only good Indian food on that area, so it will do.
This place is my local Indian food place, and it's clearly the best food in the area. The chana masala is to die for.
I was totally blown away by Gandhi's food. Joy is usually my go to for Indian food but they made me mad the other day so I decided to cheat on them and boy am I glad I did. I ordered a bunch of dishes for a family style meal so I was able to try various things from their menu. Everything was fantastic from appetizer to dessert. The chicken samosas are a must! Their other dishes tasted a little different from typical Indian restaurants, not better or worse just different. That could be a good thing or a bad thing. It was a good thing for me because after eating Joy for so long, it was nice to see a different take on chicken tikka masala (Gandhi's is a little more tangy, and less sweet), the channa saag was solid, the biryani was excellent, and the lamb madras was a little more watery than I like but still good. The mango lassi was a bit on the sweet side (I add milk to fix it), but they add cardamom to it which is a nice little twist. My favorite part of the meal was the firni (rice pudding). One taste and I wanted to weep from how good it was. Seriously, I felt tears coming. They just won the crown for best firni/kheer from me. I would go back just for that. The other thing that I liked was how polite and friendly the service was. They act like they appreciate your business, which is more than I can say for certain other Indian establishments with 3 letter names. I don't care how good your food is, if your attitude sucks, I'm not patronizing your restaurant. But I digress because Gandhi rocks in every way (the man and the restaurant).
Stopped by here after a day at the Botanical garden with my grandma. Decided to expand her horizons and bring her to a non-Chinese restaurant. Based on the name of the name of the restaurant, I was expecting a nice sit-down restaurant, but it was a very small establishment. It reminded me of a Chinese take out restaurant. The staff was very friendly. We were given free papadum to snack on with 3 types of sauces. We missed out on the lunch special though because it was a weekend =(. We ordered the Mughal curry, shrimp with sweet squash (forgot the name), and eggplant (forgot the name) dish. The food was delicious and in decent portions. Basmati rice was warm and fluffy. After the meal, they offered us free desserts with the check. I do not know what the name of the desserts are, but it was some kind of dough ball in a sweet syrup, a white rice puddying, and another stringy puddying (tastes like squash or pumpkin). What really blew my mind about this place was their service. I asked for a restroom thinking that they had one. They allowed me to use the staff restroom which was located at the back of the restaurant, meant for staff only. It was a little awkward when I walked through their kitchen because the chefs looked at me like "Why The Face?!" I can safely say that their kitchen was very hygienic. They also walked my grandma to the car when I stopped at the curbside to pick her up. Food: 4/5Cleanliness: 5/5Service: 5/5Value: 5/5Wish it was not so out of the way for me. A solid restaurant.
Ordered delivery from here and it was VERY good. I ordered saag paneer and kati chicken and both were very tasty. I ordered them both medium spicy and I feel like they were both just perfect on the flavor scale. Also, the chicken was juicy and delicious, and they gave me a lot in my order, which I appreciated. Nice place overall, and I will definitely order again.
I always order from King of Tandoor on Flatbush but decided to give Ghandi a try after reading all the reviews. It was a big mistake . I order Chana masala and navratan corma. The sauce in both dishes was watered down and tasteless. Chana masala is supposed to be red in color from tomatoes. It looked like cheek peas in seasoned water. Yaak! Thanks god for the side of tamarind sauce to  give this dish some taste. Navrotan corma had 3 pieces of veggies and watered down sauce that won't even sit on rice. I will never order from them. Sticking to king of Tandoor on Flatbush . Same price and much better quality food.
Gandhi has been a Sunday staple in our family since we moved to the area.  Their tikka masala sauce is to die for, naan is fluffy and perfect, vegetable samosa are huge and NOT greasy, and everything I have tried on the menu, I have ADORED.  This is a must eat in Brooklyn and it trumps ANY and ALL Indian restaurants in the city.  I have never eaten there but always get delivery.  It definitely takes 45+ minutes to arrive so order early (but the food is always hot), and the delivery guys are as nice as can be.  EAT HERE!
Pretty solid. Their garlic naan is good. Their tikka is a bit too watered down, but the normal chicken curry is solid. Don't get the Mango Lassi. It's not worth the time.
I always order from Ghandi when at work, and went in with my colleagues for a rare leisurely Thursday lunch.  We all ordered lunch specials, and although the portion of the main dish was a little small (I like big lunches-so Un-American of me I know), there was plenty of naan and rice to go around.  I sometimes eat naan with rice. There, now you know. Don't judge me.  The price tag was reasonable and all the food was delicious.  Definitely one of my favorite places in the area.  Come here, order delivery.  Yum!
They deliver to me and I am grateful. The "2 meal deal" is how i do it. I mix and match every time and its always delicious. Ive only ever gotten delivery.the delivery guy is always smiling and that cool too.
Wow, I've never lived near an Indian restaurant in all my life. I just moved to the lefferts Garden area 3 days ago, what a joy it is to have Gandhi literally around the corner. From the looks of it, there isn't much to this humble little joint, but looks can truly be deceiving. The food here is amazing, I've made 2 trips already and I had different dishes. All were extremely well spiced and all tasted different (which is saying a lot because so many Indian places flavor all their dishes similarly) The staff is very courteous and attentive, without being pushy or stuffy. And the naan, wow the naan!!!!! I could make a meal out of the naan by itself, slathered in butter, garlic, and cilantro. It is delicious. The portions too are another plus- you get so much food for the price you pay, it's almost unbelievable. I believe I've found my neighborhood joint already!!! Gandhi is incredible!!!!!!
I order takeout literally three times a week!! My FAVOURITE indian food, by a mile!! I love their extra spicy chicken tika and garlic nan SOOOO GOOD
I live right nearby and I am crazy about their veggie samosas! They're perfectly mildly spicy (I can't handle spice), crispy and not disgustingly oily like some other places. And seriously filling. I've only ever gotten take out but it seems like such a nice place, I'll actually have to stop in for a sit down meal. Thanks for the delicious samosas! :)
Best Indian food in Brooklyn. When I lived closer to Ghandi, my boyfriend and I ordered their food via seamless on a whim. Compared to other places we'd tried, the samosas were seemingly more fresh and interestingly spiced, and the food and sauces had an extraordinary amount of depth. Best malai kofta, delicious tikkas. Now that I've had food from many other Indian restaurants in Brooklyn and live farther away, I still make the effort to come out to Ghandi and get down with some perfect Indian cuisine. The staff at the actual restaurant are also really attentive and nice, and while small, the place has good atmosphere.
Gandhi Fine Indian Cuisine is the BEST EVER!!!!  I love it so much I want to eat it for every meal until the day that I die and then I'll hope and wish that I could still be eating it!!!  If you live in the area and want to experience complete and utter euphoria while consuming food then visit this establishment!!  Also, it's BYOB; as if they needed a reason to make it any more desirable a restaurant than it already is!!Their delivery service is excellent as well.  It's always on time and the employee is always in the most cheerful of moods
I love Indian food and I got takeout from here once. Naan bread, samosas, and chick pea curry with rice. Yum! I ordered again on the phone and they couldn't deliver my order because I was too far (literally 15 blocks, but I guess that's there limit) so I was bummed. When I went in to get my refund, they were super nice and apologetic. I appreciate the good service and the food is great as well. Go here and support.
The food is fantastic. The lamb korma is great. Vindaloo, tikka masala are delicious. Naan is hot and fresh, as is the poori. The place is small and in a shitty area. The only problem this place has is its location. The food is amazing ad the service is great too. Worth the trip
I LOVE this restaurant. Perfect for a meal with a friend, perfect for a date, and perfect for eating alone, too! Their food is the best Indian food around, and for an amazing price. Also, the staff are the nicest in New York. Help keep this place in business!Also, free delivery!
Great food every time! This is my regular spot for Indian take out despite having to drive from the Flatlands/Canarsie area. Spiciest vindaloo I've ever had.
One of the best places to go for Indian food. Everyone who works there are very nice, and attentive, always making sure you have a glass of water filled. The food is authentic, all the curries are delicious! It's simple but still very well kept. I been there a lot of times already, and I'm always pleased!
You just have to love these tiny "hole in the wall" family run places barely room enough for about 20 people. They occasionally have a master chef in the kitchen turning out fabulous food. Gandhi is just that type of place. Everything we ordered was out of this world amazing. Absolutely one of the best prepared and flavorful Indian food available in NY. The Tikka Masala was a perfect balance of fragrant spices and spot on perfectly cooked tender chicken which is simply heaven in a dish. The Goan Jumbo Shrimp Curry was one of the best Indian dishes I've ever experienced. I was so completely under its spell, I couldn't stop eating until it was gone. Perfectly cooked basmati rice and a melt in your mouth preparation of garlic naan to accompany each dish. Outstanding quality and freshness. A must try.
Tried them after reading all of the great reviews and I am hooked.The food is not overly spicy (their Channa Shaag is so delicious!) and I actually found the delivery to be quick. They caught me off guard the first time with how fast they were (of course I just discovered they're right in my neighborhood, so...) because I timed the delivery based on the complaints here about how slow they were.I decided finally since I was driving to call in an order and pick it up recently. The tiny place is a family business and there's no way I would sit down there to have a meal (maybe I'm just spoiled, but no ambiance whatsoever; it reminds of of my grandma's little kitchen in the islands where she used to sell food to neighbors). However the people are so warm and ready with friendly chit-chat. The owner even chided me for not letting them deliver to me and hooked me up with a free sample size desert to say thanks for my business. I had been searching for a new place to get my Indian food fix without setting off three alarm fires in my mouth and I've finally found one - right in my own back yard.
Food here is absolutely incredible!!! I had the aloo sag and it was the best I've had ever.  Excellent onion kulcha as well.  I will definitely be back during visits to Brooklyn!
Went here tonight for dinner.  Its a really small, kinda run-down place in a random neighborhood.  Service was prompt and friendly.  I ordered the chicken masala and cucumber raita - loved them both.  The masala sauce was perfect and there were big pieces of tender chicken.  My friend ordered the saag paneer - she didn't love it b/c to her the spinach hadn't simmered enough in the seasonings, but she still said it was good and fresh.  Naan and rice were perfect.  My friend ordered a chai and they forgot to bring it out - they quickly remedied it and then gave us dessert for free to make up for it.  Food is affordable and delicious - I'll definitely come back when I'm in the area.
Excellent food, and even better service. We were treated like kings.These guys know how to do it!!! I recommend.
Not at all good. Samosas were not at all spicy. And on top the food was mediocre. I ordered a mango kulfi. Tasted like the worst kulfi I've ever had. No flavor at all. Just some color with milk. Crap! Do not order from here.
Delicious! I went with my Indian friend and she said it was SUPER good. It's a nice small place. One of the few Indian places that I've been to that doesn't smell intensely of spices. I was fascinated by the cloth napkins that to me smelled really good. My friend said it was a mix of sandlewood and jasmine. We got the mixed tandoori (shrimp, salmon, lamb, chicken), pineapple curry, rice, and naan. The tandoori was delicious; the chicken was super tender, the lamb was flavorful, the shrimp and salmon were soso. The owner also ended up giving us these appetizers that were like tortilla taco shells with different chutneys, kheer and gulab jamun. Our total bill was around $32 before tip because the appetizer/desserts turned out to be free :)All in all, delicious food, clean restuarant. I would DEFINITELY go again.
A very good option for takeout! We were very pleased that they were willing to deliver to Park Slope, and although the wait was long, it was worth it. The dishes were very fresh with lots of good, quality ingredients. The tikka masala had a rather different taste to it than we've had elsewhere, and the korma did not have the rich, thick sauce we associate with the dish. Both were still quite good, as was the lamb curry and the excellent saag paneer. The full array of sauces made great condiments and though the paratha and samosas were a bit on the salty side on their own, with everything heaped together, they were great accompaniments.  Overall, for takeout, this was really great, and a bonus that they'll deliver to the other side of the park!
Best garlic naan, great korma!
This place used to be pretty good for takeout. I have never eaten there. We usually order the saag panir. Yesterday it tasted gelatinous as if it was thickened by corn starch or flour. The kids were disappointed.
Delicious food! Among the best I've had in Brooklyn. I'm not a fan of dining in because the place is a bit small, but the food is DELISH! Pity they don't deliver to where I live :) Onion fritters were good, garlic naan was soft and fluffy :)
Not sure what the hype is. Biryani is really poor. Dry and tasteless. I've actually made better biryani. Service is good, but food is pretty blah.
I'm so glad that there's an awesome Indian (Bengladeshi) restaurant so close to my place.  I came here early for dinner and it was completely empty.  The TV was on showing the news and the ambiance was lacking.  However, the food, the warmth of the cozy little place, and the warmth of the owners completely make up for the tiny location and tables with plastic covered floral print tablecloths.  I recently moved into the neighborhood from one that had a great Indian (Bengladeshi) restaurant.   I ordered my staple--Chicken Vindaloo--and my partner ordered Chicken Tikka Masala.  Before our orders came out, we were treated to complimentary mini-samosas which were really good.  After taking my first bite of the Vindaloo, my initial thought was that the one at Gandhi wasn't as downright spicy as it was in my old neighborhood, but it was really nice and citrusy.  The chicken was also nice and tender.  However, after a couple minutes, my forehead was drenched in sweat and I was sniffling; so that passed my test.  After finishing our entrees, we were brought out complimentary dessert (galub jamun) and tea!The woman who runs the restaurant was really sweet which makes this place a must-go.  The owner came and asked my partner where she was from and recognized that she had a bit of an Asian heritage which most people have trouble with (automatic star).  With food that seems never ending and the owners making sure everything is fine, it's like having your own Indian family right around the corner that you can visit when you're in need of a homecooked meal.
This place is an epic FAIL and I am surprised by all the positive reviews, especially from all the Indian folks.  Have you never had Indian food before?  I'd rather do an Amy's frozen rendition than this nonsense where rajma fronts like its daal makhani. This city is filled with really good places, why'd any of you give it a positive rating? On a side note-it's not "FIne Indian Cuisine"-it's Bangladeshi.
Deliscious Indian food. It feels like you are actually eating in someone's kitchen. The family that runs the restaurant are very involved. The wife comes over to "advise" on ordering choices and will not so tactfully comment on decisions (ha). The husband came over after the meal to ask what we thought and chit chat with us. The Naan's are worth getting (garlic being the all around fav), the veg samosas are big and full  while the chicken samosas are more like a chicken spanokopita - lighter but still super tasty. Various lamb, chicken and goat dishes were all ordered and shared. The vindaloo was hell fire hot, korma sweet and coco-nutty, the jalfrezi was spicy and full of veggies and the rice was endless, light and cooked perfectly. Well worth the trip to this part of town if you are looking for good Indian in BK OR in general. I haven't had Indian this good in the city either.
Gandhi is a great option to get a change of pace from the fried fried fried chicken theme of the neighborhood. The food is well done, not the best Indian I've ever had, but really well done. They are very accommodating and will change up the spice level of foods and provide alternate options whenever asked. Everyone there, but especially the owners/managers, are incredibly polite and endearing. My favorite thing about this place was eating in when I lived a little closer. There are only a few tables, but the friendly staff combined with the intimate size of the place and one of my all time favorite decor motifs- year round christmas lights- just makes this place seem too adorable to not stop into. My biggest complaint would be that the naan is just so-so. It's fine for bread, but not the fluffy butter dream I want it to be. Skip the bread and order something more adventurous, for dine in service if you're in the area!
Wow ! Best Curry ever! I had a customized lamb curry and my friend had a beef curry, my lamb curry was not as spicy but it's so distinct it had raisin and almond.  The garlic Nan was fresh and great too! Lastly, a mango sorbet was given to us as a gift !
This was a huge surprise.I was dragged to this neighborhood by some friends.  We were not terribly excited by what we saw.Once they started bringing the food, everything changed.  These people treated us like they were family.  They make incredible indian food.  Their Pakoras were fantastic (both fish and vegetable).  The samosas were terrific.  The Saag Paneer was great.  I loved the Red Snapper Tandoori.  The shrimp curry...fantastic.  This was the best lassi ever had.I only have great things to say about this.....and it was well worth the trip!!
By FAR the best Indian restaurant in Brooklyn. Maybe in all of NYC. It's that great. Also, quality of service is extremely important to me and the service is top-notch here. The owners treat you like family! It's not the prettiest inside, and you have to go through the kitchen to get to the bathroom...but who cares? Everything else makes it more than worth it.
I order delivery from this place very frequently, their food is always delicious. Only piece of advice would be to call in an hour before you're hungry. I have never had a bad experience.
I've been here over 8 times. Amazing place not too fancy but who cares when you have the best hostess in the world. I always feel like I'm dining with family when I eat here. The owners do everything possible to accommodate your needs even keeping the kitchen open past their time of closing. I've had a  dinner party here, eaten at home from them and walked in multiple occasions. Food is always consistent and delicious must I say. The owners are even nice enough to give you freebies when you are a regular and know you by name.
What a great find!Came here last night after craving Indian for about a week and saw the great reviews on yelp.We were really impressed with the great service. It's obviously a family owned place, which gives it that something special that I feel most places in NYC lack. The garlic naan was awesome. Seriously awesome.I ordered lamb vindaloo which was perfectly spicy and incredibly flavorful. The only problem I had was that there wasn't enough of it.My friends ordered Chicken Korma and Lamb Malai, which are both semi sweet dishes and extremely delicious.Although we arrived 30 minutes before closing, we didn't feel rushed at all. In fact after I asked for the check about 15 minutes after closing time, they brought us free dessert and tea instead. I don't know if this is always the case, but either way I really appreciated that kind of warm attention.The owners are lovely people who were extremely kind and attentive. This alone will make me come back for more.A++
Very rude and unprofessional. Did not offer to help, like so many other places have, after a failed seamless web order.
Terribly rude staff! When you have to order from a lady, who hardly speaks english, and who ends up yelling and belittling you because of her language barrier, should have known better to hang up and cancel the order.Oh well I didn't. Food took forever to come, and it was average at the best. I admit that the lady's attitude tasted in the food. But nevertheless, there are much better Indian restaurants in the hood, so better to stick with Bay Leaf.
I love love love this place. The pickled chicken curry... the chicken or paneer dosas. OMG. Yes! And they are just so nice.
I expected more for an Indian restaurant.  Especially in Brooklyn. The Naan was good (garlic and regular).  They did deliver and with good timing.  Tried the lamb biryani, and the chicken tandoori. I will be searching for another Indian cuisine restaurant in Brooklyn.
Best Indian in neighborhood- really nice staff, quick and competent delivery, excellent chicken and vegetarian dishes. Unlike a lot of other Indian take-out, low on oils and starchy fillers- the sauces are well-seasoned and flavorful.
The food is amazing. Its run by a mom and pop. Everything is authentic, the design of the restaurant is great. The people serving you the food are also the ones making it. Its very small, very cozy, intimate. The flavors are exceptional. I really hope this place gets busier and a larger location. So hard to find good Indian in Brooklyn.The only downside is that it is a little hard to reach but that does not score any points against it.
Definitely the best Indian food I've had in Brooklyn.Went there in the middle of the week on the way to do some grocery shopping in Brooklyn and decided to have dinner on they way.  And it was DELICIOUS! The place was small but the service was wonderful. The owner of the restaurant greeted us warmly  then sat us down.  The menu was more extensive than most generic Indian restaurants, so I was very happy about that.  His wife came out and took the orderThe restaurant itself is small, but looks pretty clean and well taken care of. It looks like it's family owned. The restaurant looked very homey with mismatched chairs, and a television in the back with an Indian program playing. . We had the Daal Poori and the Vegetable Pakora as appetizers.  They were excellet, the Daal Poori was crispy, and nice and hot, and the Pakora was fried to perfection  (not over fried or too soggy).  Then we had the Whole Fish (Snapper) Tandoori and the Daal Masala.  Even though the fish was baked, it was extremely tender inside and not dried out.  And they put in a little bit of raisin in the Daal Masala (which I never had with raisins) but it complemented the dish very well. There was only two other people in the place (probably because it was in the middle of the week at night) but I saw a lot of take out activity.  I'm guessing the bulk of their business is from take out (and maybe lunch.)  Overall I was very pleased with the food! The best part (besides the delicious food)?  The price! Our entire meal was $29!!! I was socked! All that food and not even $30!  I've never eaten that well (and there were two of us) for that amount of money. This is going to be my go to Indian restaurant when I have a craving in Brooklyn.
The food is clearly made with a great deal of care and attention. Every time I order from them, they are sweet and friendly. I am so happy to support this lovely family business. The breads, particularly, are awesome. I have developed a serious poori addiction. And the chicken korma is the best I've ever had anywhere. It's surprising to find the best Indian food I've had in NYC in Flatbush, but there you have it.
Pretty good. I was excited to find this place in the area. The owner was pretty nice - gave up complimentary dessert. Standard indian fare.
Gandhi's has delicious food and very nice owners. They always make me feel very welcome to visit.
Wow so good. Friendly staff. Delicious food. Byob. No complaints here. Can't wait to come back. 5 stars for sure.
I've eaten at Ghandi (mostly take-out/delivery) for four years. The service has remained very good but the freshness of the food served has declined. On several recent orders, the Tandoori chicken was reheated and dry, the rice was burned, and the sautéed veggies were soggy. I hope the new management will reset the food quality to what it was before the sweet elderly couple left.
This should tell you all you need to know: I don't even LIKE Indian food as a rule, and when my partner asks where we should go out to dinner, I say "Gandhi" without a second thought. The menu will definitely appeal to just about anyone--I've taken people here who are Indian connoisseurs and they love it just as much as I do. Three things I recommend the most:1. the garlic naan. OM NOM NOM NOM.2. the vegetable samosas. They have beef and chicken ones too, but the veggie ones are outstanding. The outside is perfectly cooked and salty, and thick enough to serve as the perfect container for the veggies, potatoes, and sauce. Not so thin that it dissolves in your hand, and not so thick that you don't taste anything else. 3. the bindi masala. I recommend this for folks who don't usually like Indian food--it's fried okra in a spicy tomato and onion sauce. It's perfect on rice and also makes for great leftovers.  EDIT:ALSO THE MADRAS. omg. It is the perfect blend of spice and flavor, and you can get it with crab (REAL crab, which is not normal in this soul-crushing city) for, like, $12. Are you kidding me? Amazing. Bonus: if you eat in the restaurant, they have lots of dramatic foreign-language soap operas playing on the tv. Also, the staff are incredibly sweet and polite. Don't hesitate to ask them any questions about the food, or ask them for recommendations.
Excellent food, warm and welcoming atmosphere, and lovely service!We had a great meal all 3 times we've eaten at Gandhi - and definitely plan to visit again.
Food is great, service is pretty good but I'm going to have to resent all of the sketchy innuendos about the neighborhood. This is one of my favorite places if I just want to grab a quick bite to eat. I highly recommend the vegetable samosa or the chicken curry, yummie
Friendly staff, great food, excellent portions, and inexpensive prices! What's not to like? I will definitely come back again if I'm in the area again!
Great Indian cuisine!  The area it is in is a little sketchy but the danger is well worth it when you enter and smell the luscious scents of masala, curry, and more!  To verify the aunthenticy of cuisine, I went with a native Indian chic friend of mine and she went nuts over this place.  She said it tastes like home!  Enough said.
Woo...just got done eating the Chicken Biryani and the Vegetable Samosa. I'm stuffed!! Now, the review... It was okay...the Biryani was mildly spicy, but not enough to make my nose run (note to self ask for more spice). Also, if you are not a fan of raisins like myself, I found some white raisins in it too.  The Samosas, again it was missing the mixture of spices and flavor that makes my mouth tingle. I was impressed by the quality of the potatoes, I'm used to getting the mashed potatoes stuffed to the brim (but I like it that way too). I'm a huge fan of Indian food because the spices and the flavors make my tastebuds dance with delight. Didn't happen this time - may be because I'm used to eating  South Indian cuisines, so who knows. I will give them a try again next time, there's alot of menu options that sounded really tasty.
My girl friends and I went here the other night and had a great time. The food was delicious and the servers were really nice and helpful. I ordered the Chana for appetizer and it was great. The garden salad isn't the best but that's to be expected at an Indian restaurant. I had one of the seafood specialities (shrimp with almond and cream sauce) and that was really delicious. They even gave us a free pistachio ice cream for dessert. I'm giving  it four stars instead of five because the bathroom is awkwardly placed at the back of the kitchen so I had to walk through the tight kitchen which was a little bit awkward.
Hello Yelpers!I have been to many restaurants,and some good ones to boot. However, Gandhi is just a hole in the wall kind of place but the food is sooo good!!!. Hence the five stars.Its a cozy spot but most people call in their orders. Their delivery time is impresively quick.Their food is so good i had to put my laziness aside and write this review:)
Found this place randomly on Yelp and it turned out to be a very pleasant surprise.  The food was incredible and very inexpensive.  Every dish was extremely tasty and well presented.  Probably the best Indian food I've ever had, and I eat it quite often,  The place itself is very small, maybe 4-5 tables, but it looks like they do a lot of deliveries.  The only negative was the neighborhood - it isn't in the best of areas, and it feels a bit out of place for where it is.   Also finding parking can be a bit of a hassle.  Service was good.
Mango lassi was the best I've ever had, and my chicken korma was absolutely incredible. Everything is priced very reasonably and the BYOB always helps too. I would come back here in a heartbeat!
Bit pricey, but food is always fresh, location is clean, very humble and relaxing atmosphere...
Anytime I'm in the mood for a little spice in my life lol I order from here. Love it!!!! Great food and I'm in love with the MANGO LASSI AND SHRIMP SAAG.
Two words... GARLIC NAAN!I have day dreams about the yum-yum deliciousness that is their Garlic Naan. I have also really enjoyed the Tandoori Chicken and the vegetable curry too.I'm always greeted and treated like a family friend when I arrive. The good food and sincerity keeps bringing me back. However, the dodgy air conditioning makes me not linger.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE GANDHI! Before I went to Gandhi, I didn't even like Indian food because every time I had it, I got sick. My friend suggested I go with her saying that I had to try this restaurant she'd been raving about. At first I was a little hesitant but decided I'd give it a try. I was amazed at how the food tasted so fresh and flavorful. With every bite, there were new flavors that I had never tasted before. After that first bite, I had to go back for more. It was the best tasting food I had ever had and now is one of my favorite restaurants to go to in all of New York City. The atmosphere at Gandhi is very warm and welcoming. Now, every time I come in a get a big hug from Miriam. She is the sweetest, kindest and thoughtful person.I can't express enough how amazingly delicious the food is. If I could eat at Gandhi everyday, I would!
I'm currently laying on my side in my "I ate too much" position. I foolish thought that the portions were small. Nay, I was mistaken. It's more than enough food. It's also really delicious. It tastes very homey and wholesome but Indian food is far from exotic to me as I grew up on it! Also, while I've only gotten takeout the service on the phone is outstanding. They have respect for their customers and are appreciative of them, it's reflected in how they answer the phone! I am a fan :-) a stuffed fan but, a fan still.
Delicious authentic well priced Indian food! I LOVE this place and highly recommend it. I take all my friends/family here and they praise the food as well.
Super casual place.  Breads were amazing but curries were very mediocre.  Service was pretty good.
This review is for the delivery service: I am yet to visit the restaurant. I got delivery from this restaurant yesterday. Now,  I lived in Britain for ten years, and crucially Birmingham for two of those years, so I am an experienced curry eater and have often been disappointed here, Stateside.  I got a staple, Lamb Saag, and a chicken tikka starter, and it was very good. The naan was also very good quality and I love the Gulab Jamon. Their two-course meal deal is a great deal, will certainly call back for this, and probably even visit the restaurant at some point.
Stopped in after reading the rave reviews and was not disappointed one bit. Actually, this place exceeded all expectations. First off, the "A" rating on the door was a wonderful welcome sign for someone visiting from out of town... from a very foodie part of the world, PORTLAND, OR! We can't get great Indian food like this in Portland. Sad, but true. Amazing service, very warm and welcoming. Ordered tikka masala and it was incredible (not too creamy and overly buttery tasting... perfect in my opinion). Samosas, amazing and served with a trio of tasty sauces/chutney. The garlic naan was super fresh and hot out of the oven. Quite addicting. My only complaint is that I wish we had been hungrier to try more dishes. We'll be back!
This is my favorite place to order delivery. The food is wonderful, and consistant.  If you ask for spicy, they go for it, and dont make you go through the 'oh are you sure' dance and then its mild anyway. Delivery is always fast, and the people who work there are so sweet! They always remember me and sometimes throw in a little extra something or other because i order from them a lot! Best place in the neighborhood by far!
This place is really good and I have eaten A LOT of Indian food! It is my all time favorite food!We have only ordered from here once, but given the other reviews and my excitement at finally finding a GOOD Indian restaurant in a neighborhood full of Indian restaurants, I wanted to add to the reviews and say that this one is DEFINITELY worth a try!The website was clear and professional looking, the woman was really nice on the phone and the food was tasty and not too greasy. They supplied all the condiments you would usually expect for indian food and they even delivered on a really rainy night. The delivery man was soaked and was still really nice, we gave him a healthy tip!Anyway, definitely try Gandhi if you get a hankering for Indian in Ditmas Park or any of the surrounding areas!
Delicious Indian food. Attentive, friendly servers. Clean, warm space. Neighborhood gem!
Saw Gandhi Fine Indian Cuisine in Yelp while looking for something to eat around Flatbush.  Took a critical foody and his delightful wife and we all had a wonderful meal.I just asked the waitress / owner to choose for me and she got her husband to choose.  I am glad he did.  I got an order of Kachoori which was one of the best dishes we had; everyone really liked it.  Kat's vegetable samosas was one of the best I've ever tried.  The chicken Bhuna was tender and very flavorful.  The Roti, Garlic Naan, and aloo paratha were all very good.  Everything was excellent.  Disclosure:   I am a white guy but work with many Indian nationals, have visited India and have been allowed to eat Indian Hot spice so I've been around Indian food a few times.  This was one of the best Indian restaurants I've tried.  I have to take one of my direct reports and his wife to dinner in the foreseeable future and I wish this were located in Denver.  They do take out but I think that is out of their service area.  Damn!Anyway, the husband and wife are very pleasant.  They brought us dessert and offered us tea.  I was trying to get some shopping done (didn't get out in time) but we couldn't refuse the hospitality.  It was funny that as I was leaving, he did ask me to give him a review (on another website) which I laughed about and told him I had seen the place on Yelp.  He knew about it too which was good for a little old guy running a restaurant in Brooklyn.  Must have some techie clientele but regardless, he is a Restaurateur in the finest meaning of the word.  As Jamie the foody noted, they cook their dishes with love.  Boy, does that taste good!
I've never been to India but this is what I imagine India (and heaven) to be like.  The food is amazing and can be cooked exactly to your liking (I have a really hard time with spicy food and every time I go here they make whatever I want exactly how I like it)  If you become friendly with the staff they also recommend amazing dishes and treat you like kings.  I would eat here every single night if I could.  I recommend the Butter Chicken and Basmati Rice - To Die For.  This place is definitely a strong contender for my "Top 5 last meals on earth"  Try it out - you wont be disappointed.
So I've never eaten here inside but get takeout regularly as I work a few blocks away. This place is ALWAYS a solid bet. All the entries/curries are incredibly tasty and the chicken tikka masal is always ordered by someone whos working the overnight with me when I'm on call. The jalfrezi is delicious and the food is spicy enough for the people who can handle it and those who cant if you ask to modify it as well. The price is very reasonable and I really haven't had a bad meal here yet. The Entree deal for 12.95 which includes an appetizer and a Naan is the way to go. I will be ordering here for years to come.
Ms Marium and Mr Hashim are good friendly people. I enjoy coming to the store to have onion fritters and the chicken tikka makhane. I was there the other day and ordered that (my usual). When it came to the table however i could taste that they instead made the masala. I told the guy but he tried to tell me masala and makhane are the same but they arent. One sauce is sweeter than the other but instead i just smiled and went back to finish the dish. I wasnt particularly pleased with it, but once in a while its good to try something new. And it only reinforced that i prefer the MAKHANE sauce for my chicken tikka. Haha otherwise really good service, pleasant young waiters. They wont lose me as a customer.
I remember passing by our neighborhood seeing the pretty decor and thinking "wow a sit down place near our house". The woman who owns the place (along with her husband) is incredibly friendly and  courteous. Awesome service. She spoiled us with goodies  the first time we went there. Great Naan! Good appetizers. I love their Mango Lassi, even more after I've sampled from other places. Favorite dish thus far is the Chicken Makhani. Only thing, their meals seem to taste much better while dining than delivery.
This was the worst Indian food that I have ever tasted. I am not picky, and have rarely not eaten food from a restaurant. I found the food simply inedible.
This place may be in a bit of a "rough" neighborhood but it was worth the trip.  The wifey and i ate dinner here and the food was really good...and we're indian so we know good indian food.  Small restaurant but the customer service is extremely friendly and accommodating. The next time someone refers to an indian as a "gandhi" they can be proud thanks to this fine establishment.
The food was fast and yummy. They're always pleasant. I like this spot for quick Indian. Favs are garlic naan and tikka masala.  Lamb and chicken are perfect.
Fanstantic meal with friendly and attentive service.  Small  dining room belies both the size of the menu and the expertise in the kitchen.Papadum served  upon arrival, along with pitcher of water at linen clothed table and napkins.  Three dipping sauces were fresh and tasty.My husband ordered the whole ffish promfret, and it was fresh, succulent, cooked to perfection, slathered with a delicious sauce along with broccoli, squash, carrots, onions and freshly chopped coriander.  Served with white rice, we also ordered naan, which was done to perfection.    I ordered the chana masala and a side of poori, what aa great combo.   We were treated to a rice noodle dessert which concluded a very nice meal.  We live in an indian food wasteland and this was an especially appreciated meal as our hopes were high and we were not disappointed.  Loved it.
I've only ever had delivery/pick-up from this place but with that said, they are consistently good. The curry is good (if a little on the less spicy side), the rice is a good consistent texture and flavor, and the naan is always soft and yummy. I am a fan.
