The aloo gobi was simply awesome. A perfect blend of all indian masala for delicious taste. Looking forward to coming back for sure! :)
Here is the update with our latest experience:After our pathetic experience and review, the owner messaged us and offered us 25% discount and a complimentary dessert, with promise to have better food experience. He promptly messaged us based on our first review, which was very appreciative.  In this visit, we ordered Samosa, garlic naan, butter roti and paneer tikka masala.  They also gave us mango lassi as complimentary dessert. What surprised us was that mango lassi was not mentioned on the menu anywhere.  We were confused as to from where this came? Anyways, I don't like mango lassi so I really didn't care. My husband enjoyed it. Samosas were very good.  very nice and fresh.  Butter roti was good.  Garlic naan was amazingly well cooked and well made. Paneer tikka masala was very average. My husband liked it but it was not at all spicy for both of us. It was waiter's suggestion based on our requirements of spicy food and it didn't turn out well. Hence, 3.5 stars but yelp won't allow half star.
This Indian food is great...I imagine some grandmother cooking home made dinner. The staff is very nice and welcoming. I would have given them 5 stars but because the restaurant itself isn't decorated, it makes you not want to eat there, but the food is delicious!
Ordered via grubhub without much expectations as I came across randomly. Surprised that the delivery happened very fast unlike most of the times where I would be downstairs waiting for the delivery while starving . Ordered chicken dum biryani which was very tasty and south indian egg curry which was authentic.. definitely a place to try!!
Great food, delivered quickly, super friendly delivery man! Will definitely order from here again!
We are so happy to finally have Indian Cuisine in the J.C. Heights and this food was worth the wait!  We find it absolutely delicious! I highly recommend you give them a try.
Don't get fooled by the ratings of 4 stars. The food served was sub par in all aspects. They served us stale papads, reheated samosas and mirchi bajjis. We have no clue on the expiry date of the naan. PLEASE avoid this restaurant.
Been to this restaurant with couple of my friends today and was glad to make the right choice.... They had a wide variety of mouth watering INDIAN dishes.... The ambience was magnificent.. The service was as great as their food... And of course the point worth to be mentioned was that the price is very affordable.... So don't miss to celebrate events with friends and family if you have huge numbers.... Totally totally in love with this place ... Will be back soon!! You guys rock!! Keep up the spirits..!
Good food at first,took 1 hour and 30 minutes. First time forgivable. 2nd time the same. Good food, I heated left overs while waiting. When food arrived I don't even want to eat it, aggravated not even hungry. Still was nice enough to give them a 5 stars. 3rd attempt. The same - 1 hour and 30 minutes, front desk promised 45 minutes. STUPID OF ME to try 4th attempt. Took more than 1 1/2 hours. The delivery guy blamed me for not picking up the phone since he can't find me address. It's the same dude 3 times already. It's a FUCKING JOKE! No matter how good your food is, if the people can't eat it when they need to, it's just CRAP. Never again.  It's not worth paying and getting aggravated. There are 30 Indian restaurants in Newark, Hoboken area. Save yourself the frustration- DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS ONE. Fail!!! EPIC FAIL.
I happened to this place while visiting jersey city . Restaurant is very clean and hygienic. The food tastes awesome. You can get the authentic Indian food.The staff was very helpful in deciding what to order.Would definitely recommend this to anyone craving for authentic Indian food.
It was a great experience having dining her....Great Ambenice n Friendly Staff....Food was excellent n the spciy level was maintained as per our recommendations..Prices are very economical....Oversall it was great experience n I will recommend for my other friends...try there Tandoori n Chicken gravy....
Im not sure what everyone is raving about. I ordered possibly the simplest dish and received lousy service, the person making the order messed up my meal and on top of that the food was late and cold meanwhile I was waiting for this to be warm. Seriously dont know what the rave is about..
Yummy excellent dining  with mouth watery food . Ordered chicken pakora as appetizer and started to main course with Kashmiri rogan gosh in which the mutton is very soft and lite.... Had a delicious dinner near by jersey heights would definitely recommend for groups , party orders as well .Thank you guys for the friendly talk and best presentation of food ....
I have ordered door delivery last week. Briyani was good, but Tandoori is not good. Overall an average experience.
I've ordered 5-6 times from here. Delivery is as fast as it can get! Food taste good!! Employees are polite!!! I would give more stars if I could.
For the interior:  A fresh coat of paint, perhaps drapes on the walls, turn off the fluorescent lights, replace the ceiling tiles, deep clean the floors. Clean up the front area to make it look less like a bodega. This would go a long way to making the place more inviting and comfortable.  Maybe someone from the CASID can consult with them on how to do these simple things to improve the appeal of their new business?
Nice to finally have a decent Indian place in the neighborhood. Great food, friendly delivery guy.
Ordered delivery from this place twice, and the food was amazing each time. Delivery was prompt as well. It's a great Indian restaurant for the price, and I'd certainly recommend.
The quality of the food is fantastic. They have the best service in jersey city. Must try.. truely worth going:)
I tried their paneer butter masala and I must admit that that taste was good. I was bit disappointed with vegetable biryani as I didn't like its taste and there was lot of cinnamon which I don't like. I am hoping they add more vegetarian items on their menu.
The service is really good. The manager is really good with customers. The menu is really varied and you get some typical dishes. We took out some food, although we didn't find it brilliant but yeah I would say you might find it good. Definitely a pleasant experience and totally worth trying.
Tried the chicken biryani (take out) . Surprisingly good for a local restaurant. Next time I'll ask to make it mildly spicy...and try the mutton version.
I have ordered food from this place many times - its become my go to place for indian good. very good food, very reasonable prices and timely delivery. this place has never disappointed me. their menu has some nice innovative items like bihari aloo gobi and some nice chaat options - not your typical chicken tikka masala and garlic naan sort of place - much more authentic and variety.
Awesome food.. We tried the lunch special that was unlimited thali.. Quality was good and customer service was incredible.. Will definitely go again.. I have the following suggestions for business : Biriyani could be less spicy in terms of garam masala.. Paneer subji could have been better as well.. So m giving 4 stars
Loved the food and service . This is the first time we are coming to this restaurant and glad to find good dining place in our neighborhood . We ordered Veg Biryani(had soya nuggets ) and homemade fish curry and Delhi Papdi chat . Everything was yummy !!
The plus point about this place is the service and price and tasty dishes. I have eaten here twice and got delivery once.Service is with a smile and prices are reasonable. Try the chicken curries.The cons are the spice level, that really is the only issue that makes me want to avoid the place. The buffet had some dangerously spicy lentils. If you are not used to that stick with the mildly spiced items or make sure you get low spice.Another issue is the quantity of food via delivery when I got the buffet. When you eat there you have unlimited quantity but with delivery the quantity is restricted.But I'll go back to try some other dishes.
Nice food and service. Supreme chicken biriyani an item I would suggest everyone to try.
"Luck enough to have one of the finest restaurant close to my place,amazing food, good service and will be more happy to visit this place very often".Best part is they are very good at Receiving guests and make them comfortable till the end.
Awesomeness is its the only restaurant in Jersey heights area. Also the food here is delicious. Starter are worth it, it's tastes runs down your mouth.I am a hardcore non vegetarian and loved the chicken tandoori and shrimps. Its quantity with quality what you will get here.
This place is a complete mess.. I ordered chicken curry once it was so delicious and ordered it again next week it was a complete different dish which tasted like shit.. They don't know how to communicate how to take orders.. M never going here again.
I want to start by saying this restaurant STOLE from me. When my order always delivered, I was instantly wary due to the haphazard manner in which the containers were thrown in the bag.The food was warm, at best, and lacked much flavor.What bothers me the most, is they did not send one of the items we ordered and payed for. I called and they said it would be a long time before they could send it and they would give it to me with my next order. I said I wanted a refund for that item. They tried to talk me out of that, but I said they needed to refund money for something they did not provide. They claimed they would.This is well over a week ago and they still refuse to refund my money.The quality of food was bad enough that I wouldn't have ordered again from them anyway, but their THEFT made me write this review.
Waited for more than two hours. No delivery yet. Called multiple times and they kept giving lame excuses like delivery guy is on the way, he just left etc. Expect worst service from them and order at your own risk.
Welcome to the Heights,  Chef of India! This new,  family owned restaurant is a much needed addition to the Central Avenue dining district. During a weekend long tour of JC's India Square, my friends and I decided to stay close to home one night. The host/owner was warm and welcoming. The Mumbai style street appetizers were fresh, well dressed and on point. The chicken tikka masala was a bit too mild in capsicum heat and spice for my taste but this was at the request of one of my friends. The grandma's paneer was similarly mild. The goat rogan josh was rich, piquant and loyal to traditional flavor. The mango lassi and buttermilk were both divine. Four adults were pleased and full for a mere $50! While this new restaurant has a few kinks to work out in flavor and decor, I believe Chef of India will soon be a Central Ave institution!
Have ordered takeout from her a few times and quality keeps on getting worse and worse.  Chicken tikka masala is waaaayyy too sweet and barely any chicken.  Naan does not taste fresh, chicken wings are very very greasy and have a weird taste, roast chicken tasted like it was fried days ago and barely had any meet on it.  There are are definitely better options in Jersey City.  I was hoping this would be a good place to go as there are no other options in the Heights but I would suggest going to JSQ instead!
I have had Murg Mahkni all over the place, and this is mediocre, overpriced crap. 12 dollars for an entree that is basically like the junk you can get at all you can eat buffets in the city for 7 is just unacceptable. Not to mention the fact there this good indian food about a mile or two away by Journal Square; why would I come back here? I won't.
Walked in for a take away. The people are nice but the food is late. By an hour and a half. I was just sitting there inside for so long that I would have had my dessert if I was dining in at some other place. Horrible waiting. If you have a lot of time to waste, then it is definitely a place to visit. Food tastes good though.
Visited here late Sunday afternoon as part of a big hungry group as we had been wandering the area and came here quite starved. Upon arriving, we were seated immediately and our orders were taken. As soon as the appetizer orders were put in the food was brought out very quickly considering the typical wait at a restaurant. The food was also hot and very fresh. The vegetarian and non vegetarian food was delicious. The mirchi bhajji and the Chili Chicken are a must try. Most importantly, management made sure that we were well taken care of. Will definitely visit here again!! Do not miss this hidden gem!
Wow.  Great delicious food. First time we tried and all of us enjoyed it very much. Definitely we will be ordering again.
Great service with good food. It was an enjoyable Friday evening at the Chef of India; very convenient location and great ambiance
Overall, eating here was a very nice  experience. The food tasted great and the staff was very polite and helpful. It did feel silent at times, to the point where you can hear everyone's conversation. Maybe a hint of mellow music, some art work on the walls may help a nice experience even better.
I was really hoping this was going to be our Indian place. My fiance and I have been trying to find one in the JC area, but we haven't had much luck. We found Chef of India on Yelp, ordered and crossed our fingers that this was going to be our go-to Indian restaurant. Except it's not.Two things that really bothered me. One: delivery man unwilling to come inside the building to drop off our food. Let me rewind a little bit. We get a delivery estimate right after we order: 45 to 60 minutes. Whenever I get an estimate, I always assume the later time, so we are expecting a 60 minute wait. Once an hour passed, our driver called and said his car broke down and he needed another 30 minutes. Okay, things happen. I get it. We wait for another half an hour. Then the delivery guy calls back and asks us to come down and pick up our food. We order delivery on a weekly basis, we have not had a single delivery guy ask us to come down and get our food. There's a process for delivering food in my building. Every single delivery we've gotten has followed it, regardless of what we order: Chinese, Italian, Indian, Korean, etc. The delivery guy refused to come up and told us that if we wanted our food, we would have to come down and get it. Talk about poor service. That was a huge turn off already.Second: the garlic naan was the most bland thing I've ever tasted in this world. It's like eating paper. You don't taste a thing when you eat it. I see the garlic on the naan, so the spices are there, it just doesn't taste like anything. My fiance agrees too. Garlic naan is a staple when we order Indian, so it has to be done right, otherwise, we go elsewhere. Unfortunately, we have not found our go-to Indian restaurant yet. Will continue searching in the JC area and most likely won't order from here again. Don't want to deal with the hassle of delivery, just because the driver is too lazy to come up to the apartment.
Ordered from here on a whim, and glad I did.  For the uninitiated, Dot I'm looking at you, this place serves authentic Indian food (which Karma doesn't) with both northern and southern dishes. Those 'leaves' in your food?  They are called called curry leaves.  May I suggest Google?  And no, your dishes did not come with 'clothes' in them.  Have sampled most of the menu, and nothing has disappointed.  Try the onion pakora, Mughlai chicken and goat sukha. Oh, and the sambar.  And grandma's paneer, which has a flavorful, creamy tomato and onion based gravy. Great prices and giant portions to boot; each dish can easily serve two hungry eaters. 9 times out of 10 free dessert and other goodies are thrown in, nice gestures, indeed.  Delivery to Hoboken takes a good hour, so plan accordingly.  But so, so worth it.
Ordered dinner from here tonight first time via delivery.  Saw previous posts and was a little nervous about the delivery time. Luckily no issues got my food in about 30 mins. Order was accurate, food was warm and fresh.Ordered chicken tikka masala, chilli chicken, and garlic naan.  Everything was delicious, and great. Chilli chicken was more on the spicy end so make sure to order it mild. They even gave a free sample of dessert, how nice is that.  Will definitely try them again.
I placed an order online and waited 20 minutes to go pick up. I arrived to a restaurant full of people waiting on their to go orders. A man in line in front of me ordered a small rice to go, and she told him it would be 15 minutes. When it was my turn to request pick up she told me it would be another 20 minutes. I left and wandered around Central. I arrived back 30 minutes later. Again I was told I would be 15-20 minutes. I pulled out my phone and showed the girl I had placed and paid for the order 54 minutes ago. My dinner was brought out about 5 minutes later. My order was simple paneer maysore masala dosa, which is basically a large thin crepe filled with a mashed potatoes and vegatable stuffing and cheese. When I got home excited to FINALLY eat, I opened my order to find only a small bit of hard crumbled cheese folded into my dosa. The worst.
It takes them over 2+ hours to deliver really horrible food. Plus they are liars. They missed an item on my order (the only vegetarian option I'd ordered) and had the gall to say that they put it in there. Obviously when they delivered my 8:30pm placed order at 11:00pm, the last thing I wanted was for them to try and deliver it again - not that they were interested. So bad food, bad service and bad attitude. Not sure how they are even afloat!
It's so good to have an Indian restaurant in the Heights! Very nice people work in this restaurant. It's a storefront and they're building their business so it's a little too casual and low budget.I've ordered the tandoori chicken a couple of times now and oh my goodness it is delicious! They serve large portions and pieces of chicken. It's a little over Lee's spiced for my taste but I'm impressed with the portion size and the cost.I've also had the Collie flower and potato entrée and each time I've had it it was overspiced, too much chili pepper and too hot on my palate despite me saying I really want my old spices. So that's a little annoying.We've ordered a number of vegetable dishes as well and the same thing holds true with the level of spice again we ask for little to no spice and it usually is too much for us to handle. In fact one time we just threw the entrée away and then we said we wouldn't order again. But we have hoping they'll get it right the next time.We want so much to support a local business in our neighborhood and we hope they do fine but they have to listen to their customers and make the orders as we request them.I like that they are connected to seamless and eat 24 and that they are on yelp. They seem to be young people who really want to make a good goal of this and we wish them all good  luck.
Best place to have some authentic home style food. The staff here is very friendly. Will be back soon..!
Ordered delivery tonight - chicken tikka masala, goat rogan josh, and saag paneer. All of the food had a layer of oil on top, which was unappealing. They all also were missing an ingredient or two. They just weren't as flavorful as some other Indian restaurants we have tried in town. The prices are good, but I was let down on food quality.
Something has changed at this place and I strongly believe it's the chef. If I were to write a review for them 6 months back I'd probably give them 2 stars. This is probably the better tasting Hyderabadi Dum biryani as of now in Jersey city. I hope they don't screw it up like how Bawarchi did.
Excellent experience from ordering via UberEats. The food came hot and fast. Quite flavorful and they gave so much food. I had never seen so much food packed to the top from an indian restaurant. I really enjoyed the spicy punjabi tikka masala and briyani. Keep up the great work!!
So I just got done eating the second worst "paneer tikka masal in NJ and I have to let everyone know how aweful it tasted. First of all, I kept chewing the paneer like it was rubber and it was stale because it tasted sour. The curry was mediocre and typical (not authentic by any means). The naan looked like it was made yesterday, again chewy and low quality. My two stars goes out to the free tiny halwa(dessert) that came in the bag and the gobi 65. I am never wasting my money, time and calories on this good again.Mr. Chef of India, its a competitive market out there. You gotta give good food if you want to survive.
Ordered take-out here and picked it up ourselves last night for my boyfriend and his family visiting our new place in the Heights. We had the Punjabi Chicken Tikka Masala, Punjabi Paneer Tikka Masala, Paneer Butter Masala, and garlic naan. Three entrees were enough to split and feed four very hungry adults, and each entree included white rice. The naan wasnt as fluffy as we expected it would be, but it was definitely fresh. We fed (4) hungry adults, and had leftovers, for $43.It seems a lot of people that leave this place a negative review are having issues with DELIVERY only, which is not provided directly through the restaurant, but a third-party such as seamless, grubhub, or Eat 24 (yelp). Leave it to the internet to have people jumping to conclusions about the restaurant's operations. To the Owners of Chef of India - we love this place. they have great food, great price points, and convenient location. Don't let the haters get to you.We will continue to order take out and pick it up ourselves and hopefully we will not have any issues :)
Finally, Indian restaurant in the Heights. It was way overdue. Small grocery store converted into a restaurant. Was very skeptical to try it out. But finally went in to try yesterday. The guy at the front counter was very friendly and welcoming. They sat us down very promptly and took our order pretty soon. We ordered a idly, butter chicken and roti. The idly was very very soft and tasted yummy. We asked for a spicier version of the butter chicken and they lived up to it. I would like to try the biryani next time.I'd probably give it 4 stars, taking out a star for the ambience and the paper menus. But since its a new and small business, I'd rather give 5 stars.
Ordered a North Indian Meal through indicooks.com. They have tied up with this place and created great meals solving the 'what-to-order' dilemma. Always delivered on time!!!! Absolutely LOVE IT!!!!
When I heard the name "Chef Of India" I thought one more restaurant out there boasting  by calling themselves so, But I was proved wrong.Majority of the non veg restaurant out there doesn't serve good veg food. Balancing between Veg and NonVeg food is not easy, Well It's even more challenging to balance between North and South Indian food items. Chef Of India by all means doing very well in that. Very few restaurants can do that. Want to taste amazing Briyani, you got it, want to taste amazing South Indian style idly, dosa, vada and sambar you got it. Want to pick North Indian style Tikka masala, Paneer Butter Masala and Naan you got it. Running late no time for cooking they do deliver to your home for free. Few of friends complained about delays in delivery, luckily I never faced any issues with their delivery. When every aspects sounds rite why not five star. " Chef Of India" the name says it all
After 2 yrs in jersey city find new taste of biryani with thumsup bottle which reminds me indian taste..got delivery in 40mins which I haven't expected with the discount coupon. Good experience after many days.
Updating my review.  The previous time we ordered they confirmed we meant to order delivery from there after making an online order and then said they'd deliver to us.  We ordered via Grub Hub and we are within their delivery setting for the site... (just under 4 miles away).  They've commented on the distance before and took 2.5 hours to deliver in the past so this wasn't an isolated incidentToday we ordered again and while it was outside the estimated delivery window (took about an hour and forty minutes) we don't generally mind that as it is has been our favorite Indian food thus far.Unfortunately today the food was very bad. Pains me to say this because we really liked this place and tried a lot of the other Indian places in the area and always felt this restaurant was leaps and bounds better.  The food has always been great and the delivery people have always been so nice.  Today, my butter chicken only had two pieces of chicken in it.  The sauce was not the same consistency or flavor and my garlic na'an was crunchy stale.  They had to have known the na'an was stale and crunchy because it was packaged in crumbles and broken pieces on top of each other, not next to each other as a single piece would have been.Waited almost two hours for delivery and now have to go out and get another meal. Usually I overeat their food because it is so good.We also ordered Chicken Tikka Masala with regular na'an.  This order only had three pieces of chicken, but the na'an was fresh and was not stale.  The sauce was also good as is typical.  It's unfortunate my meal was so bad.  The only thing I keep thinking is that perhaps they sent the food out bad intentionally because they don't want to deliver out to us anymore.  This is our first bad meal here and unfortunately it will likely be the last attempt.  It doesn't seem to be an accident.  So long Chef of India, it was great while it lasted.  We will miss you.
Since there is no option of zero star,  I chose one. My friends often order food from this place. They're simply pathetic,  very poor quality of oil is used which makes food stink. We ended up having stomach infection after eating this food. Plus,  they always miss out on sending proper items on order & we've to wait for entire order to arrive. Definitely will advise everyone to keep away from this place.
We ordered delivery service which took 90 minutes instead of the promised "50 minutes".  We could have crawled there eaten and crawl back in that time. However it would not have been worth the trip. The food was extremely disappointing. The Naan's arrived soggy and cold. In fact all of the food with ice cold. The chicken vindaloo was a disgrace. The chicken with Fatty, dry and overcooked. Vindaloo sauce had so many strange objects in it I couldn't even crunch and enjoy. It had numerous clothes, leaves other weird things that were unidentifiable. I have eaten Indian food all over the world so I know what chicken vindaloo is supposed to taste like this was not even close.  Asked for Pappadam and the person on the phone did not understand what I meant. I had to Google it and read it to him then he finally understood. Also they did not have any mango chutney which I find very odd for an Indian restaurant. The Gobi Manchurani consisted of stale Cauliflower  and overly greasy sauce - and on top of that as I mentioned I was ice cold when it arrived. Only good part about the meal with the mint yogurt sauce which we dipped the freezing cold soggy Naans in. Had high hopes for this place because it difficult to find a good Indian restaurant that delivers. We were let down, like anticipating Tom Cruise on a blind date yet actually meeting someone who more resembles Danny Devito instead. Sigh. Ps. clearly they entered my phone number into their system when I called to order because 90 minutes later when I called to ask "where is my order?" they did not pick up.   I called a couple times. No answer. Then I blocked my number and called and they answered immediately. They obviously know their customers get pissed off when the order is taking twice as long as promised.
Very busy on Friday dinner, this is my third time ,They offer a nice assortment of dishes along with the appetizers.i Love their samosa and Gobi 65 .... They are delicious with nice aroma ....I am vegetarian so I am a fan of Oakra ( Hyderabadi bindi fry )which is fantastic as always and my husband ordered for a garlic naan and chicken gravy which was full of flavors !!!!Today they changed a lot , nice setup in front desk part , Over all !!! A good place to have a good meal and pleasant time...
My second visit to Chef of India a  new restaurant at our locality was excellent. Firstly I think their idea of welcoming guests and looking after them throughout the dining time is really touching !! Coming to the menu , me and my friends thought that some of the vegetarian appetizer options were different and wanted to try them , so we ordered the Guntur mirchi bhajji and bengaluru aloo bonda both were mouth watering and crispy .. We also tried the Madras vegetable curry and garlic naan which was done perfectly by the Chef . Great food! Absolutely delicious! portions are big enough to feed more than one person.I would definitely come here again.
Did a take-out order. Food was delicious. They called me to inform the food is ready. Will order again.By the time writing updating the review, already ordered a few times. Food is good. A bit spicy. Make sure you specify the level of spices. All the time, I picked up. I won't place a delivery order, since all the Indian restaurants got a reputation of being late in delivering. I understand the food takes long time to prepare. Overall, a good Indian place to take-out!
Solid Indian fare at at great price. Portions are on point as well. I've eaten here twice, no complaints. It's nice to an Indian spot in the neighborhood. It's a new place so  of course there's a few hiccups but nothing major.Delivery took about a half hour. I was missing one side of rice but I made the delivery guy give me someone else's rice. I even told the girl on the phone make sure there are two sides of rice. It's nonsense but funny nonetheless.
I have to put this out and let everybody know of my latest experience:After I gave a 1-star review for the terrible experience I had, I got a message from the owner himself. He was apologetic of the service failure during their first week and explained me what changes he made to improve the issues and what more is upcoming.After that, he offered me a free dinner worth 25$ to try how he had improved upon the food as well. He personally came home to deliver and we had a great conversation.He has invited me and my wife for an in-person dinner as well in the restaurant.I am extremely pleases by the effort that the owner put in regarding: 1) Getting back to the customer, acknowledging the issue, fixing the problem and getting back with the updated changes2) Taking personal interest and making sure everything is customer and feedback-centricThe food was delicious as well and prepared according to our instructions. Its very rare you as a consumer have a change of heart and become loyal again when it comes to restaurants - but this has happened with me and Chef Of India definitely joins the ranks of my go-to places for delicious, affordable Indian food in the Jersey City area.To the owner and team at Chef of India - Keep up this spirit!
Food is very good and deliciousThe quantity of the food was pretty decent Will definitely recommend going here oftenStaff is very humble Ambience although not bad but could get better
Food was amazing and still hot! Delivery was quick... I will definitely be ordering from here again.
Good Biryani's!! Must try .. already recommended it to all my biryani loving friends!!
The Only Indian  spot in the heights that I enjoy. I ordered on grub hub chicken tikka masala and my favorite appetizer samosa. I tried another spot near journal square and I didn't like it. This is my go to spot when I'm craving some spicy Indian food. They called me when it was ready to pick up within 20 mins. This place never disappoints me. Only thing is delivery option you have to order at least $20 dollars of food and this place is cheap and it's very hard to reach that amount.
Only place to serve lemonade "warm" and charged me $3. Food was okay! Little over priced
Pretty awesome spot if you ask me. New to the area, I'm so relieved to have some Indian food walking distance, Finally! I usually have to go s few miles down to get some Indian food. The chicken tikka was delicious ! The garlic nan was awesome, very garlicy. I would definitely come back, place needs a bit of decor but the owner was super friendly and it made up for it! I'm looking forward to coming again :) welcome to the HEIGHTS
I went in with my husband for dinner and the best Indian restaurant in town and I had to rate them nothing less than a five from the service to the food everything was bang on worth the dollars... the garlic naan and chicken tikka masala was a amazing combo and they biryani is just outstanding,A must try for anyone who wants a good evening and tasty Indian food. in case you can't dine in they have a delivery service which I got to know about and I am definitely gonna be ordering more from here awesome job chef of india you definitely have two loyal Customers.
Goat sukka was very  good   Double  ka meetha  I have tried  that for the first  time  and it is very  good. Will come here  again
Just ordered delivery from here last night. Ordered arrived before the scheduled arrival time and was still hot (nicest delivery man ever by the way). I ordered the garlic naan, a mango lassi, and a Paneer Ka Biryani. All so delicious, flavorful and fresh! Our new go-to Indian place!
We've now had two experiences with Chef of India. For the first experience, we ordered delivery under 3 miles away. It took ~1 hour and the food was of average quality.Now, please look at Sheesh S.'s review from 8/14/2016 and you'll find exactly the same comments that I was about to provide. The order was well over two and a half hours late. Following three calls to the restaurant, and three assuarances that the order would be delivered "within 10 minutes," the manager had to come himself to deliver the food. It had clearly been sitting out for a long time, as it was cold and bland.Unfortunately, we will not be ordering from Chef of India again, and I certainly hope that the management team is able to resolve their delivery issues, as the present status has me extremely concerned that there's an issue with the long-term viability and quality of this company. I appreciate Chef of India's efforts to retain us as a customer, but this won't be a place we order from or visit again.
Great food for very reasonable prices. Will definitely come back here. Take away service is prompt too. Items were fresh and taste really good.
Beware vegetarians while ordering biryani as I received chicken pieces in my 2 biryani so watch out and I have proof(photos) as well if someone wants :)
Wonderful and super food for the decent price... Keep up Chef of India...Good one...
We hosted a birthday party here and it was good. Staff helped me in decoration and food was also good . Very good Indian food option on Central Avenue.
Finally indian spot that delivers! Both awesome food and to my house.. The appetizers the are best #paneerdosa #vegmanchurian #aloochat #samosachaat #basicallyeverappsonthemenu .. my weekly friday delivery!
Ordered food through door dash at this place. Thought it is a regular place where I get average indian food ,but this one surprised me . we ordered chicken dum biryani ,garlic naan ,palak paneer and guntur mirchi bajji . Alll the items ordered tasted good...thanks to the chef. Delivery service is also very good - received perfect sides for chicken dum biryani and they were in time. Must try this place  - when you crave for Indian food.
Came here on Saturday night and had some of the garlic naan, the lemon(?) rice, and the chicken tikka I believe (that's the red one I believe) - everything was delicious!  SO much rice we brought it home and had it with our lunch the next dat.  Amazing find.
This is undoubtedly the best indian food in nearby area! went to celebrate a friends bday... Truly a step above an average Indian restaurant in terms of authentic indian food... having said that you can smell they use fresh authentic ingredients, not frozen canned shortcuts ... Real depth to flavors. The menu is massive, and we've yet to be disappointed with whatever we ordered ... from the vindaloo to the paneer or the hyderabadi biryani to the never ageing chicken tikka masala, Glazing crepes(dosa) or the skinny punjabi style Naans ...  Satisfaction to the core, we were given complimentory dessert ... staff was pleasant and accomodated our volumes which were a little high due to our excitement ... One of the best Indian restaurants and it far exceeds the expectations set from its unassuming name.This is where I'd bring someone new to discover Indian Cuisine."Chef of India" truly stand by it ... good luck guys ... keep it going ...
Okay.  Tandoori not good.  Mostly good for its offer on Biryani one plus one after 10pm but that too is okay.  Do not order veg biryani its not worth.  Offers good non veg curries though
Really excellent food! Me and my friends had a dinner, nice service.first we ordered samosa and cut mirchi it was really too good later we ordered biriyani I simply say the best biriyani in the jersey city I had. But don't skip the dessert 'tirunelveli halwa' it was very delicious. I defiantly say we will visit again
The chicken tikka masala was way too sweet when I asked for it to spicy. The dal was below avg as wellProbably not gonna order again
a small establishment, to grab a quick bite, nothing fancy.food was okay. deep fried tilapia fish was good. chicken tikka masala curry was nice. garlic naan was good too.Saw later that they have cheap combo options too, would have tried that if we had seen it earlier.friendly staff.
Ordered biriyani about 2 weeks ago, was really nice and tasty. They also make of the greatest dal and tandoori chicken I ever tried.
Chilli Shrimp in their appetizers is the extremely amazing.Punjabi Chicken tikka masala is fantastic as well as their garlic naan.Chef special curry was nice, I think they make in a way that chicken is in the curry itself, I prefer chicken pieces separately.All in all amazing food
This is a good indian restaurant in jersey city at a very reasonable price. I tried their vada pav and it was very good.
I ordered 2 entrees via Grubhub, with an initial delivery window of 40 minutes. The restaurant did not update the tracker, so when there was no sign they'd started my meal and the window was almost up, I called. The number went to a mobile phone voicemail, which I found weird. A few minutes later, I got a call back from a different number. He said the delivery person had left, so it should be to me shortly. 20 minutes later, it still wasn't here, so I called again. The delivery person arrived while another person at the restaurant was checking on it.With the long wait, no tracking, and strange calls, I was ravenous and thought, "At least I'll love the food!" No such luck. The Mutton Dum Biryani had lots of unflavored rice and bones in the meat. The  Butter Chicken was VERY spicy.The restaurant even ignored that I checked the box for no plastic silverware, and included a few sets. It was the cherry on the disappointing experience cake.
Luckily the food was good, because they screwed up on my delivery order. 2 of the 4 items that I ordered were substituted for something else! Granted, I ordered late night (around 11pm) so maybe they were out of what I wanted, but I would have been happy with a phone call and a heads up.
I was quite disappointed with the food. Based on other reviews, we expected better Indian food. We ordered the Garlic Naan, Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Dum Biryani, and Home Style Fried Fish. We found the food to be bland...just bland, there are no other words to really describe it. The chicken was dry and flavorless. There was a piece of bone or something hard in one of the garlic naan. The fried fish was pretty dry too and tasted like the chicken.  Overall, a pretty disappointing experience. Although their prices are affordable, there are better places you can order from.The service and delivery was prompt and they included extra onions which was nice.
Goat thali, awesome curry and biryani, surprise is Dal , my wife ate Special biryani, good meat quantity and amazing taste
My husband and I have eaten at Chef of India twice so far, and we plan to return. Although we always enjoy a trip to the Indian restaurants on Newark Ave near Journal Square, we're happy to have a place in our own neighborhood. The staff at Chef of India are very pleasant and polite, and they're working hard to please their customers. The interior of the restaurant is still a bit bare-bones for now, while they're converting the space, but they seem to be making improvements gradually. The main thing is the food, which is very tasty and reasonably priced. We've had Gujarati samosa (delicious!), Grandma's paneer curry (another favorite), Bihari aloo gobhi, chicken tikka masala, and a biryani, plus rasmalai for dessert. We've enjoyed everything we've had so far and we'll be making another visit to Chef of India soon.
We ordered food through Yelp as it showed four stars. But we are kind of disappointed with the quality of the food. We ordered gobi manchurian, chicken tandoori, paneer dosa and Hawaiian vegetarian pizza. The Hawaiian vegetarian pizza was good although the crust was super-thick but still managed to be better than other items. The paneer dosa was cold till it reached us and was dry. Sambhar was good and complemetary chutneys (sauce) were good as well. The gobi manchurian was very salty,,, we were unable to consume it and trash it for all the money we paid. The chicken tandoori was not fresh and also not cooked well. The pieces were big but lacked proper tandoor flavor.So if you someone who likes quantity over quality than I would suggest you this place. But for someone like me who enjoys quality food with good flavors this place is a big "NO"
Most dishes are pretty good. Weekend buffet is really good and inexpensive.
The food here is SO good! We ordered delivery from here regularly even when we didn't live in the Heights, and now that we do we eat there all the time. The ambiance is OK in the restaurant, but worth it for the flavor. Delish!
I have ordered the goat biriyani and goat sukha from this place for like 4 times. Never been disappointed. I absolutely love it. Why 4*, because I haven't tried the other dishes yet. I hope they would be great too. Ordering the same items for the 5th time. :)
I almost do not want to write a review because this place is so dern good.. It is very unassuming... I went in (for a carry out) on a Friday night... EVERYONE was in the weeds, but were trying their darndest to keep everyone happy. This was my first time here and was starving, but since I have been a server I get it. It is not sexy inside, but the food makes up for it. I ordered the Punjabi Spring roll, garlic Naan, Punhabi Paneer Tikka Masala and the guy had Chicken Chettinad. It did not take under 30 minutes as promised... Still everyone was so nice. 45 minutes later I had a FULL BAG of food for 30 bucks. I RAN home with my goodie bag and BOOM! Happiness. First up - this is the first Indian restaurant where they give you rice! TONS of yummy rice!The apps were crunchy and DELISH!  The chutni was fresh tasting. My Tikka was not very paprika  heavy.. it had a lighter and lemon flavor.. VERY yummyThe Chicken Chettinad was a new dish for the guy. At first, he was not happy with the oily look to it. When he tasted it, it was full of flavor. Full of hot peppers and curry leaves. Very spicy!! he was sweating out the goodness and could not stop. He said it tastes muuch better than it looks. And we enjoyed the Naan.. it was thinner than most which was enjoyable because we did not overstuff when we dipped it in our sauces. Four thumbs up
We order a chicken biriyani and it did not have any chicken in it. A very unique experience that way :)))
